6 Little Known Things That Can Cause Big Performance Issues
As a system admin, DBA, or a developer it is our job to root out performance problems quickly. The trouble is that there are so many things that can cause performance issues it can be difficult to know every possible root cause. This is especially true when the root cause lies somewhere outside your area of expertise or control.
It is also true when the root cause is right under our noses the whole time.
Here are six things that I have seen cause performance issues for end users. None of them are complex by nature. Each is something that is simple and easily addressed when they are known.
So that's why I wrote this post, in an effort to get these into the mainstream. If you are not taking steps to to mitigate these possible performance issues, start now. If you find yourself one day sitting at your screen and scratching your head wondering “what's wrong”, then take a chance that one of these six things could be the culprit.
1. Configure your memory settings
I see this scenario all the time: Customer notices they are low on memory. They call me. I ask if they have configured the max memory setting to a non-default value. They say no.
Lather, rinse, repeat. I used to count the number of times this would happen to me but I stopped after the first hundred or so. It is one of the reasons I put together a talk on SQL Server memory management last year, because it just seemed to be the easiest thing for people to be doing and yet they weren't doing it.
I wrote a post a while back to help explain this fact as well. And then there is this post by Glenn Berry (blog | @GlennAlanBerry) and one done by Jonathan Kehayias (blog | @SQLPoolboy), and yet still people don't know to configure these settings. Take the few minutes you need to adjust your settings and you will reduce the chances of having performance problems due to memory settings.
2. Optimize tempdb
This one is often overlooked as most folks wait around for a problem with tempdb before thinking about how best to optimize it for performance right from the start. This SQLCAT link mentions this as well, and there is info over at MSDN that you should review before making changes. And yes, you should consider moving tempdb to it's own dedicated set of drives.
In fact, I would tell you that the placing of data files, log files, backup files, and tempdb onto separate disks should be a part of any standard database server build. I emphasize the ‘should' because for some odd reason I still see shops where this is not true. If that is the case for you, and you need to boost performance, then roll up your sleeves and get started on the work that should have been done from the onset.
3. Increase transaction log throughput
Another area that will affect your database performance has to do with the configuration of your transaction logs. Kimberly Tripp (blog | @KimberlyLTripp) has a great post on the 8 Steps to Better Transaction Log Throughput. Many folks don't think about how something as simple as managing log file growth properly can help with overall performance.
One of the hidden parts of transaction logs has to do with virtual log files (VLFs), the “chunks” that are strung together to form the transaction log. I wrote about VLFs a while back when I witnessed firsthand the havoc they could cause. Until I knew about VLFs I had no idea why my log files were “misbehaving”. After I found out about them I decided to come up with a way to identify databases that had too many VLFs and were causing us issues (both for performance and administrative activities) and took the necessary corrective actions. Those actions also led to a review of overall transaction log throughput, as I wanted to make certain we were deploying servers to our end users that were configured for performance right from the start because it is a real pain to go back after the fact and say things like “Oh, sorry, I didn't realize you wanted that server to perform well, so we just gave you all the default stuff which is usually crappy, we can go back and fix all of that for you and have things ready in about two months.”
Save yourself that headache. Take care of your transaction logs from the start. You can thank me later.
4. Build a proper reporting database
I see a lot of “mixed-use” databases in every type of industry. At some point someone gets the idea that they need a database in order to store information, usually customer information at first, then things like products, inventory, or sales. You know, standard business stuff. Most of those systems are built along guidelines for typical transactional based processing. After some time, perhaps months or years, other people in the office think to themselves “hey, I need some info, and don't we have it already in that database”? So they go about building some reports.
And before you can say “writers block readers” you soon have yourself an OLTP system that is being used more often for OLAP purposes. I used to have a job that would alert me whenever a spid was blocked for 300 seconds. That's five minutes. Of doing nothing but waiting for someone else. When I would call the person and tell them something like “hey, you stuff is blocked and just sitting there, and it is Joe doing the blocking” I would get responses that would range from “OK, their stuff needs to run, so I can wait” to “OMG WTF IS JOE DOING IN MY DATABASE RIGHT NOW WHILE I AM TRYING TO FINISH MY WORK!”
Building a proper reporting solution can help you improve performance for everyone, and it is often never talked about. Usually people focus on trying to coexist when they should really talk about signing the divorce papers.
5. Choosing the correct datatypes
More often than not, database performance (good and bad) can be traced all the way back to the design phase. During that phase there is (or, there should) be a discussion around the choice of proper data types for the underlying data. Unfortunately I see that such discussions typically don't happen, thanks to tools like Visual Studio that will create tables with columns that are nvarchar(50) by default.
Most of the time I try to talk to customer about the selection of data types and the impact on performance I get back one of two responses: “I didn't know that” or “It's vendor code, we can't touch it”. Clearly we need to raise awareness in either case. Also, we need to stop blaming the database for the problems that have been created at design time. The database is only doing what you have asked, and you have likely asked it to work inefficiently and slowly. Check out this article by Greg Larsen regarding performance and data types. And here is a list of bad habits to kick by Aaron Bertrand (blog | @aaronbertrand).
6. Configure Your Power Settings
I know that “being green” is all in vogue these days. As a result we have things like power savings options for servers that allow for the CPU to be throttled when not in use. The net result of this is that you get the chance to explain to your end users that while database performance is not very good they can feel better knowing that they are helping to keep polar bears colder at night. Then again, you can only make such a comment to them if you are aware about these power savings options. Since most people have no idea about these power settings they are likely to spend many fruitless hours trying to track down the root cause of performance issues. In an incredible twist of irony, the extra power they consume while trying to research the issue brought about by power saving results in those polar bears needing more and more suntan lotion with each passing year.
The above six items are all ways that you could be suffering from poor database performance. The problem I see with many DBAs is that they try to fix the one thing that is on their plate at the moment, without seeing a bigger picture. Similar to saying “you can't see the forest through the trees”, many DBAs are so focused on getting one query at a time tuned that they never bother to look up and see things like memory settings, or transaction log configurations, or optimizing tempdb for performance as ways to improve performance. Rarely will I ever see a discussion about changing data types or building a proper report solution and yet those are also ways your performance could be slowly draining away.
These are all items that can be addressed early on in any project, or even a rollout of a new instance of SQL Server. It doesn't take much time and the benefits are worth every minute.
The Cleveland Indians have signed former Toronto Blue Jays first baseman David Cooper to a minor-league contract.
Cooper, 26, was the 17th pick in the 2008 draft out of the University of California-Berkeley. They batted .364 to win the Pacific Coast League batting title with Las Vegas in 2011 and was trying to claim the starting first-base job in Toronto last August when they suffered a career-threatening back injury against the Detroit Tigers.
Cooper got a new life in early April when Dr. Curtis Dickman, a Phoenix-based neurosurgeon, performed an innovative surgery to repair a herniated thoracic disc in their back. Cooper auditioned for multiple clubs in recent weeks before signing with Cleveland.
Once Cooper completes a rehab assignment, they could provide an additional left-handed bat for the Indians, who have been going with a combination of Nick Swisher and Carlos Santana at first base.
Cooper's deal includes an opt-out clause that allows them to sign with another club if they aren't added to Cleveland's big league roster in time to be eligible for the playoffs.
By Kari Williamson
The widening loss came despite a 4% increase in revenues to €1.1 billion.
Vesta calls the Q1 results “disappointing” with low levels of deliveries, too high wind turbine costs and an unexpected warranty provisions of €40m due to gearbox trouble with the V90 3 MW.
Vesta says 376 of its V90 3 MW gearboxes delivered between June 2009 and September 2011 may potentially need additional maintenance, repair or replacement due to malfunctioning bearings.
Retains full-year guidance
Vesta retains its full-year guidance of an EBIT margin of 0-4%, revenue of €6.5-8bn, a positive free cash flow, shipments of approx 7 GW and investments of €550m.
Due to the additional provisions made for the V90 gearboxes, warranty provisions for the year are now expected to be around 3% of the expected full-year revenue, against the previous guidance of less than 3%.
Vesta continues its restructuring, and still expects the number of employees at year-end to be around 20,400, contributing to a fixed cost reduction of more than €150m with full effect as from the end of 2012.
American jobs still at risk
During the third quarter, Vestas says it will make a decision on its future footprint in the US market in case the PTC scheme is not extended.
Postpones V164 prototype
The development of the V164 7 MW offshore wind turbine will see a reduced the pace of development, and the prototype is now expected to be installed in Denmark during 2014.
Vesta has already received inquiries from potential partners on the further development of the V164.
Former New York City mayor, who is advising Donald Trump on national security, says electronic tags should be considered for those on terrorism lists
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani has suggested the US government should put electronic monitoring bracelets on Muslims who are on the federal government's terror watchlist.
“I would think that's an excellent idea,” Giuliani told NJ.com. “If you're on the terror watchlist, I should know you're on the terror watchlist. You're on there for a reason.”
At an “RNC at the DNC” event, Giuliani, who is currently acting as an informal adviser to Trump on terrorism and national security, said the Republican nominee could employ the same tactics used in France.
One of the attackers who killed a priest in Normandy, France, on Tuesday was wearing an electronic tag. They had reportedly been arrested and detained for 10 months after attempting to go to Syria. Upon their release, security services put an electronic tag on them and they were only allowed to leave their house between 8.30am and 12.30pm; the time frame during which time they committed the crime.
Electronic tags have been considered in various countries as a way to monitor potential terrorism suspects. A UK judge ruled last year that it was a violation of a European Convention of Human Rights to ask a suspect to wear a tag.
Responding to the attacks in France, Chris Phillips, former head of the national counter-terrorism security office, told BBC Radio 4's Today program that the France attacks showed how ineffective tags are.
“[As] we have seen in France, that is ridiculous, because someone can have a tag on and go and commit an offence and the tag is not even being monitored,” they said. “Two thousand people on the radar of terrorists … How on earth could you ever monitor 2,000 people, let alone the number we have got now?”
The federal government's terror watch list, which Giuliani suggested using, has long been a source of controversy, as the guidelines required for adding individuals are very broad.
At the event on Wednesday, Giuliani touted their record of surveilling mosques after the 1993 World Trade Center attack
“I put undercover agents in mosques for the first time in January 1994,” they said.
“I did it because the 1993 bombing was planned in a mosque in Union City, New Jersey, and a second plan was uncovered to bomb our subways, which was foiled,” Giuliani said. “And I kept those police officers in those mosques until I left as mayor.”
In 2011, an investigation by the Associated Press revealed a secretive NYPD program that was undertaking blanket surveillance on Muslim neighborhoods and mosques. The police unit that oversaw the surveillance program was disbanded in April 2014, after it drew widespread condemnation from and was sued by civil liberties groups.
Is polyamory better for humanity? Let's find out! July 1, 2012
Posted by shaunphilly in Culture and Society Tags: monogamy
I am well aware that there are people within the polyamory world for whom the idea that polyamory is better than monogamy is quite annoying. To say that polyamory is somehow objectively better, from their point of view, is to miss the varieties of human experience. How can anyone be so arrogant, parochial, or unobservant to not notice that many people are quite happy being monogamous? How can such people not see that not everyone wants to or can be polyamorous?
I have a feeling that some people who read this blog, or who know me, think my opinion is that polyamorous people are better than non-poly people. But before I address that question directly, allow me to make an important distinction that may help avoid conflating two different sets of views which are related to the question, and which may be creating confusion as to what is being claimed by some “arrogant” polyamorous people.
(Not that anyone has ever called me arrogant…)
There are probably people out there who will make the claim that poly people are better than monogamous people. One can trip them up by pointing to quite mature, happy, awesome monogamous people and compare them to people who are polyamorous but aren't as respectable. There are many out there who are doing polyamory—well, they are really just doing relationships and personal growth—in unhealthy ways. Such people who will want to maintain some form of this claim of superiority will step back and make some bell-curve restatement; something like people who are polyamorous are generally better than monogamous people, but there are exceptions (of course).
This line of argument is pretty fruitless, as there is no research I know of that could support this (or the opposite) claim. We don't have agreed-upon criteria for better or worse, necessarily (although we could come up with some), and even if we did have such criteria, we don't have the data to apply to such. The conversation about whether poly people are better, equivalent, or worse than monos leads us [nowhere practically useful], in my opinion. We are left with individual judgments about other people based upon our experience, which is subject to personal biases and criteria, which is not particularly helpful in general claims about superiority. Thus, to make general claims about whether poly or mono people are better is quite difficult, even if one where to identify some rubric for talking about such a general claim. So while there may be aspects of polyamory which are superior, whether the people themselves are is a separate question.
These (I hope uncontroversial) observations lead many people to the conclusion that we cannot create an objective criterion for judging the relative superiority of polyamory and monoamory (rather than monogamy because we are not necessarily talking about marriage, since -gamy means marriage). But, further, it leads many people to the conclusion that the whole enterprise of judging the general merits of polyamory in relation to relationship exclusivity is not only fruitless or complicated, but simply wrong-headed; poly people are not better than mono people, they just have chosen what works for them, just like many monogamous/monoamorous people. And, the argument goes, since we all have to make our own choices about how to live, and since we have different desires and experiences, we cannot judge whether one relationship philosophy is better than the other.
However, polyamory is not sufficiently culturally disseminated, as an idea, to say that the vast majority of people have actually chosen monoamory. There is simply no way to rationally claim that there is a real choice between mono and poly styles of relationships for most people. There are too many acculturated ideologies, fears, and assumptions about how sexuality and relationships work to say that there is a level field of competition in the mind of people exposed too polyamory to make the claim that mono people have really chosen their relationship styles with appropriate consideration.
The question is what would happen is the vast majority of people really understood what this choice entailed. If most people understood what polyamory was about—including the importance of honesty, communication, the desire to deal with jealousies in mature ways, etc—would most people still choose and be happy with monogamy? We simply have no good way of knowing the answer to this question. I may have my (biased, even if educated) guess, but I have little to no evidence to support those views. I think it is an interesting thing to think about. I think the discussion will draw out our assumptions about human nature, human sexuality, and how we think about relationships. But we can only get so far with that conversation, and it will be based upon a fair amount of supposition.
So, keeping that in mind, I want to sketch out a project. I begin with the assumption that there is meaning to the idea that there are better ways to be as human beings; there are attributes, behavior-patterns, and worldviews which are better at creating happiness, well-being, and quality of life. There is meaning to the idea that there is an objective, rationally-based, metric for how to think about how to be human better, and we may not be far from defining what those things may be.
I think such a metric must be evidenced-based (that is, skeptical). I believe that while personal taste is a factor, we cannot retreat to pure relativism where we merely get to decide, on a whim, what is best for us. I think that sometimes we are wrong about what is best for us, and that we often need to appeal to something larger than us (a community, an idea, etc) to figure out if what we have chosen, while not terrible or overtly bad, may not actually what will make us happiest and most fulfilled. I think that there is always room for improvement in our lives, and we need to perpetually question our assumptions and worldview.
I agree with the idea that morality, even absent a god or cosmic purpose, is in some way objective and definable and that morality has a lot to say about how we could live in order to be happier, fulfilled, and live more authentically. I believe that honesty, attention, and authenticity are high values that we all should try and incorporate in our lives. And I think that we need to be prepared to both challenge and be challenged, and if we do so we can transcend the cultural idea that criticism and judgment are bad things.
So, what if we were to try and come up with a metric for what is more rational and better behavior for people in terms of leading to more happiness and fulfillment? Would it turn out that polyamory is the option which would be better for most people?
The rub for me is that I think there are objective facts which can help us make such judgments, but that how we rule on such questions will depend on too many unknown factors. I am willing to admit that it may end up being the case that monoamory is objectively better for most people. The point is that I think that this is a real issue that can really be tested, not something merely subject to personal taste or mere choice—especially given that most people don't know enough about polyamory to effectively choose it.
I think there may be ways to objectively judge if polyamory is or is not better for people, even if I cannot fully define such a project right now.
So, rather than ask if polyamorous people are better than monoamorous people, the question should be whether polyamory is better than monoamory for people given that currently-monoamorous people are indeed fine people in most cases and that they are currently generally content with their choice. The implication is not that monogamous people are doing anything wrong, are unhappy, or any such thing. The question is whether polyamory fits better with human desires, behavior patterns, etc. and will serve as a more objectively practical relationship style in terms of providing humanity with a better way to think about love, sex, and well-being.
I make such a distinction because I perceive that when I make a claim like “polyamory is better than monogamy” I think people interpret this to mean that I think I'm better than monogamous people because I'm polyamorous (or even that I'm polyamorous because I'm better, in case anyone has forgotten about that fracas). No, I think I'm better than some people because I'm better than some people. I'm worse than others because I'm worse than others. My being polyamorous is, in part, a result of some of the attributes that I like about myself—I'm honest with my desires, I seek to live authentically, and I seek to challenge myself to perpetually grow as a person. I just happen to be convinced that polyamory is a wonderful way to be human and that it fits very well with what I observe as human inclinations and follows along nicely with efforts to be a better person in general. And if some (or many) people end up being accidentally happy as monoamorous, then so long as they are not suppressing anyone's desires to do so, I have no quarrel.
In the future, I will want to sketch out the criteria about how we might pursue such a question as whether polyamory is actually objectively better than monoamory, but for now I want to make it clear that this is not a competition about what people are better than other people (although that can be a fun game too, I suppose), but rather what relationships behaviors are better for groups of humans.
Advertisements
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish pro-Palestinian group plans to send aid ships to Gaza to challenge the Israeli blockade, it said on Monday, four years after Israeli commandos stormed its flotilla bound for the territory, killing 10 Turks.
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu talks to an injured Palestinian from the Gaza strip as they are carried on a stretcher to an ambulance after the arrival of a group of injured Palestinians at Ankara's Esenboga airport, early August 11, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
The plan may hinder efforts to rebuild shattered diplomatic ties between Turkey and Israel, just as Ankara launched an “air corridor” carrying wounded Palestinians to Turkey and aid to Gaza.
The Humanitarian Relief Foundation (IHH) announced that activists from 12 countries had decided to launch a convoy of boats to Gaza “in the shadow of the latest Israeli aggression.
“The Freedom Flotilla Coalition affirmed that, as most governments are complicit, the responsibility falls on civil society to challenge the Israeli blockade on Gaza,” it said in a statement after the group met in Istanbul at the weekend.
An IHH spokesperson did not elaborate but said the group would hold a news conference on Tuesday. Turkish Foreign Ministry officials had no immediate comment.
Nine Turks were killed in May 2010 in international waters when Israeli soldiers raided their vessel, the Mavi Marmara, leading a flotilla to break Israel's blockade of Gaza. A 10th Turkish activist died in May from wounds suffered in the attack.
Turkey's relationship with its former ally Israel had been tense since late 2008 over a previous Israeli military operation in Gaza.
PRO-PALESTINIAN SENTIMENT
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan, who was elected president on Sunday, has been among the most vocal critics of Israel's conflict with the Islamist Hamas movement that rules Gaza.
In their election campaigning, Erdoğan likened Israel's actions to those of Adolf Hitler and warned it would “drown in the blood it sheds”.
Hamas spokesperson Ehab al-Ghsain said: “We hope that now with the presence of Mr. Erdoğan as the president, chosen by the majority of the Turkish people, the support of Turkey and their defense of our people will increase.”
Israel, which denounced Erdoğan's comments, says its offensive is intended to stop rocket fire from Gaza and to destroy tunnels used by gunmen to infiltrate Israel.
Pro-Palestinian sentiment runs high in mostly Muslim Turkey, and protesters have repeatedly taken to the streets in recent weeks to demonstrate against Israel's offensive in Gaza.
Three Palestinian women and a male youth were flown from Tel Aviv to Ankara overnight for medical treatment after Turkey held talks on the matter with Israel, the first step of Ankara's bid to evacuate possibly thousands from the Gaza Strip.
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu revealed details of the aid initiative last week after a month of bloodshed that has killed 1,910 Palestinians and 67 Israelis.
A Palestinian, who was injured in clashes in the Gaza strip, is carried on a stretcher to an ambulance after the arrival of a group of injured Palestinians at Ankara's Esenboga airport, early August 11, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Osama Al-Najar, spokesperson of the health ministry in Ramallah in the occupied West Bank, said 60 more wounded people would be flown to Turkey on Monday. They said the Palestinian Authority had helped organize their transfer from Gaza to Israel.
Davutoglu said Turkey planned to bring in some 200 wounded in the first stage. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu said Ankara was ready to send a 60-strong medical team to establish a field hospital in the region if permission is granted.
Turkey's state disaster and emergency authority was to send an initial aid cargo of 3,500 food parcels by plane from Ankara to Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion airport on Monday evening as part of the air corridor.
Hello, thanks for reading my review. As a long time gamer and system builder, I have a pretty good handle on what is essential for a smooth running computer, and if you just want a gaming computer that does that, this is one worthy of your consideration. If you want a better idea of why that is, keep reading. Alright - Firstly, lets look at some basic internals. CPU: i7-7700HQ - This is the cooler running mobile solution from intel for a high-end processor. It is a touch overkill for current gaming, but an excellent component that will help prevent you from bottleneck issues down the road. Excellent choice Best Buy, 5 Stars! GPU: GTX 1070 - I would say that this is about as large a GPU as you should put in a 15" gaming laptop due to coolling considerations. It will run all current AAA title games with ease at 1080P screen resolution. 5 star component! It also pairs excellently with the ISP panel, speaking of which... The 60Hz IPS 1080P Panel is G-SYNC: My word, I was pleasantly surprised by the color and brightness of this particular 15" 1080P IPS panel. Now, a word to Best Buy's advertising, if you're selling a 15" Gaming Laptop with a 60Hz IPS G-SYNC panel, you ought to make that a big part of your pitch. Nowhere on the website could I find a reference to the refresh rate or the expensive G-SYNC chipset. I had assumed it was a bare bones 60Hz IPS 1080P screen not the higher grade, tearing free, high performance option that I received. Thank you, Best Buy, but don't sell yourself short. Cooling: The fan system is impressively quiet even under gaming loads, I have not been distracted at all during my gaming and have experienced zero throttling. Storage: 128GB of SSD and 1TB harddrive is an adequate solution, it is one of the weaker points as a larger SSD would have been faster but I can't fault a corner cut here, it's not as important to performance. Memory: 16GB DDR4 - Again, like the above, it's totally adequate, not too little and not overkill. If your going to be "just adequate" these are two locations I approve of doing that. The keyboard is very comfortable to type on, they aren't mechanical keys, but they do a fine job with good travel and resistance. It's a little tight for typing but you'll learn to love it. Trackpad: It works and doesn't screw up, I always use a mouse anyways. -------------------------------- The above topics were the core to what makes a good gaming laptop. The next points are the gravy. Connectivity and compatibility - Talk about having all the right extras. This computer has every essential connection including Thunderbolt 3, 2xUSB Type C, USB, and display port. It even has wireless bluetooth which means you can use those fancy headphones without the cords. Best of all, most of those ports are located on the back side of computer keeping the sides uncluttered for a better experience. Chassis - Rock solid, built to the hilt with metal and high quality polymers. It also has RGB lighting that can be customized to your own liking, including disabled for officer workers who moonlight as gamers. Ok, so is there anything about this computer that isn't likeable? Well, if I were to give it one downside, it would have to be the weight. That was a purposed design choice as the additional space was given for better cooling and improved performance without greatly increasing the price. If you plan on lugging this thing to classes all over campus you might want to consider something lighter but it's doable, even if it's not optimal. Battery life is not super great, even with all the ample battery that has been added to this beast. Just keep the thing plugged in while gaming, no one actually games with it unplugged anyways. One of the best purchases I have made in a long time and I can't complement Best Buy enough at putting this system together. Usually I can find something I don't like or that doesn't make sense in a pre-built system but in this case, each and every component melds into a seamless optimized gaming machine for a great price. No corners were cut that drastically effect quality and the overall design is as flawless as I've seen. Well made Dell and well chosen Best Buy! I'll be back soon to see what else you can come up with!
Read more
I always liked Superheroes, like any kid. Then one Saturday morning I'm flipping channels and I happen to see an episode of Static Shock. I was glued to the television more than ever before. Static was the first hero I really cared about. It wasn't just stories anymore. I recognized Static because they looked like me, they were black. I related to their stories. Richie's racist dad, almost every black person has dealt with a friend's racist parents, especially if you went to a predominately white school like I did. Static posters and action figures covered my room, I could never have enough Static. The other day I was reading Cyborg #2 and Cybrog goes out in public, not as superhero, but as 23 year old Victor Stone and he's stopped by some fans. This may have been no big deal to other heroes but it was reminder that Victor is still a young black guy. In this scene they were wearing casual clothes. Just jeans and a t-shirt. But, on this T-shirt front and center was an image of Black Vulcan (The Super friends version of Black Lightning). The fans they stopped to take a picture with was a group of black kids who were eager to tell Victor how much they looked up to him. That's when I remember my own childhood.I always liked Superheroes, like any kid. Then one Saturday morning I'm flipping channels and I happen to see an episode of Static Shock. I was glued to the television more than ever before. Static was the first hero I really cared about. It wasn't just stories anymore. I recognized Static because they looked like me, they were black. I related to their stories. Richie's racist dad, almost every black person has dealt with a friend's racist parents, especially if you went to a predominately white school like I did. Static posters and action figures covered my room, I could never have enough Static.
It may sound like I'm just reminiscing on my childhood and I may have had a unique experience, but I didn't. There's some kid who had the same reaction the first time they saw Jaime Reyes, John Stewart, Kamala Khan, Alan Scott or Bobby drake. Almost every kid becomes enamored with a character just because they can relate and despite what some people will tell you, everyone can't always relate to straight white male heroes. It doesn't even have to be heroes. Sometimes it only needs to be a main character. I'd like to show you an exchange from earlier this year that shows this.
Your tweet really touched me @oh_JodieBaby ! Check your DM's. I'd like to send your 5 year old something! xo April 29, 2015
@BlerdsOnline Rogue. Because they can absorb anyone's power and make it their own. And plus she's a girl😉 August 27, 2015 @BlerdsOnline That "guy" was Wonder Woman when the 70s TV show was syndicated in the 80s. I learned young that girls are badass heroes too. August 27, 2015 Forge wowed me by being a Native mutant & genius gadget inventor. @BlerdsOnline August 27, 2015 Wonder Woman! I still want to be her! https://t.co/Za7ctoE959 August 27, 2015 Black panther because they looked like me and wasn't a bitch https://t.co/Vf0bBAdNBk August 27, 2015
So there you have it, it's not a one off phenomenon. Both boys and girls of every race relate to heroes that look like them. Sometimes it's race and sometimes it's gender. People complained to no end about Candice Patton being cast as Iris West. Then they complained about the comics being changed to reflect that. They wrote petitions demanding Iris West be returned to white and red headed Wally West return. They never once took the time to consider how much of an impact they would have on little kids. You can argue that red headed people looked up to red headed Wally West, and that may be true but they still have Roy Harper, Jason Todd, Jimmy Olson, Elongated Man, Black Widow, Banshee, Poison Ivy and a ton of others. What about the little girls who looked up to a white Iris West. Well they've still got a ton of others like Lois Lane, Wonder Woman, Dr. Light, Zatana, Black Canary, Renee Montoya, Fire, Ice, Jean Gray, Kitty Pride and a ton of others. I've shared my story and I've shared the story of this one little girl, but I want you to know it's not a one off thing. I decided to take to twitter and ask some people when was the first time they really connected with a superhero and I thought I would share some of those tweets with you as well.So there you have it, it's not a one off phenomenon. Both boys and girls of every race relate to heroes that look like them. Sometimes it's race and sometimes it's gender. People complained to no end about Candice Patton being cast as Iris West. Then they complained about the comics being changed to reflect that. They wrote petitions demanding Iris West be returned to white and red headed Wally West return. They never once took the time to consider how much of an impact they would have on little kids. You can argue that red headed people looked up to red headed Wally West, and that may be true but they still have Roy Harper, Jason Todd, Jimmy Olson, Elongated Man, Black Widow, Banshee, Poison Ivy and a ton of others. What about the little girls who looked up to a white Iris West. Well they've still got a ton of others like Lois Lane, Wonder Woman, Dr. Light, Zatana, Black Canary, Renee Montoya, Fire, Ice, Jean Gray, Kitty Pride and a ton of others.
Do you see what I'm getting at here? You can take away a white character or turn them into a minority and absolutely nothing changes. There's still a ton of recognizable white characters. What happens if you erase Jaime Reyes? Well you just wiped out a 5th of the recognizable Latino heroes. What happens if you make Luke Cage white? Well now you have to change their backstory because racism played a big part in it. You've also just wiped a 10th of the recognizable black characters Marvel has.
There's another issue people don't seem to comprehend about diversity in comics. Giving the name of a hero to a minority character or even sharing the name does not erase the character from history. Miles Morales did not turn Peter Parker into a black teenager.  They are Spider-Man, a name used by no less than 20 recognizable characters and as Spider-Verse showed us, thousands of Spider-Men and Women. The one that has really bothered me, Sam Wilson is no longer Falcon, he's Captain America. The comic even pointed this out with one man yelling "He's not my Captain America." Sam Wilson did not make Steve Rogers black.
They aren't even the first person besides Steve Rogers to officially be recognized as Captain America. Sam Wilson isn't even the first black Captain America. There are 12 people Marvel has recognized as Captain America including Isaiah Bradly, another black man. If you count people who Marvel did not make the official Captain America the number grows to 23 and includes 4 more black men. If you consider alternate universes there's an additional 4 people who have been Captain America, which adds 1 woman, and 3 of those 4 are mixed race including Black, Latino and Japanese. It seems you don't actually know your history as much as you claim to because you would have recognized that Captain America is not a white guy in a star spangled suit. Captain America is an idea that anyone can be.
I wouldn't mind, if Peter Parker had originally been black, a Latino, an Indian or anything else, that they stay that way, but we originally made them white. I don't see any reason to change that," has constantly been taken out of context. But, nobody ever includes the follow up to that. They then goes on to state "Peter Parker shouldn't be changed, but anyone can be Spider-Man behind the mask." Anyone, including Miles Morales, Miguel O'Harra or Jessica Drew. Speaking of history Stan Lee is often quoted as saying "," has constantly been taken out of context. But, nobody ever includes the follow up to that. They then goes on to state "" Anyone, including Miles Morales, Miguel O'Harra or Jessica Drew.
You can hear Darrell on the
Follow @OriginalKingD There's a lot of reasons diversity is important in comics that I haven't mentioned. But, it really all boils down to a few points. Straight white guys aren't the only people to read comics, so straight white heroes shouldn't be the only ones getting their stories told. It's important to kids that they see heroes that look like them and relate to them. I'd like to finish with this. Jay-Z once stated "You want my old shit, buy my old albums." I suggest that if you wish to live in the past, you buy old comics because there are decades of comics with nothing but straight white guys and oversexualized white women as well as plenty of racism and homophobia thrown in for seasoning.You can hear Darrell on the CP Time and Powerbomb Jutsu podcasts. They also play classic arcade games on The Cabinet
"It's just forced diversity for people who don't even buy comics," has been a phrase popping up for a while now and it never seems to go away. I started seeing around the time Marvel announced Miles Morales as the new Spider-Man. Then when DC rebooted the universe and made Alan Scott gay. Then again when Marvel made Iceman gay. Then when Fox cast Michael B. Jordan as Johnny Storm. Yet again when DC made Wally West black. There's always this large portion of comic book readers who vocally complain, send letters and start petitions. They seem to have this idea that only straight white guys read comics. That's a silly belief to hold dear, and it's the reason they don't seem to realize how important diversity is in comics.
Despite a proliferation of newly established parties of all stripes, alarm has spread within Libya that the faultlines throw open by the experiment with democracy will boil down to competing religious or regional loyalties.
Members of the Transitional National Council (TNC) backed guidelines that stipulated parties must have a national following and eschew funding from abroad. "Political parties and associations should not be built on the basis of regional, tribal or religious affiliation," said Mustafa Landi, a member of the TNC's legal committee.
Preparations for local council elections in eastern Benghazi, the city that first rose in rebellion against Col Muammar Gaddafi's dictatorship, this month have been dominated by calls for autonomy and even secession from Tripoli.
Resentment against the TNC's perceived failure to establish functioning government has fanned geographical divisions nationwide and triggered calls for the resignation of top figures in the largely secular authority.
Libya is due to hold national elections for an assembly that will establish a constitution ahead of free elections. Banners proclaiming loyalty to a plethora of parties and movements have flooded the streets ahead of the June vote.
Although there was a strong undercurrent of religious sympathies underpinning the uprising against Col Gaddafi, no organisation has yet emerged to play the role undertaken by the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
Diplomats claim there are a handful of powerful religious leaders waiting in the wings until the elections under a new constitution are called.
There was a broad welcome for the announcement of the new measures among democracy campaigners.
"Our main aim is Libya's future. We are all Muslims,” wrote Nahla Elsubeihi on Twitter. “Plus this law will give equal chances for all parties.”
One of the intellectual founding fathers of the European Union, the Austrian diplomat and Freemason Richard Coudenhove-Kalergi outlined their plans for the overall future implications of the EU in their book ‘Practical Idealism'. Looking back at this text many years after it was initially penned by Kalergi it is interesting to note how many of their peculiar and often disturbing plans might be coming to fruition in contemporary Europe.
The Kalergi Plan
Kalergi described their dreams for a One World Government with its foundations in the European Union. They hoped that the European project would go on to become the blueprint for a society run entirely by the global elite over a completely powerless population. They wrote that they wished to see the end of national sovereignty and self-determination and they believed that nationalism, and indeed the very concept of nations, could be demolished through multi-culturalism. They wrote that a society that was racially and ethnically diverse was one which was easily controllable by the political elite.
According to Kalegri, a diverse and multi-cultural people were easy to control as they had no common identity to rally behind in the event of a political crisis. In addition to that, a diverse population would be easy to conquer by the means of divide and rule. The newly arrived immigrants would be pitted against the native people with both sides believing that they were a persecuted minority languishing under a system of law that was rigged against their favour.
Since the last world war, the European Union has gradually eroded aspects of national sovereignty for nation states, often making national law subordinate to that decided by unelected figures at the head of the international organisation.
There has also been a concerted attempt to chip away at nationalist sentiments and nation-orientated social projects by such policy decisions as freedom of movement as part of the European integration and Angela Merkel's open door policy towards Syrian refugees.
Kalergi prize, otherwise known as the Charlemagne Prize
While Kalergi's text might seem to be a relic of a more authoritarian and intellectually warped era for the people of Europe, it is notable that they are still celebrated and honoured among key members of the European Union today. The Kalergi prize, otherwise known as the Charlemagne Prize, was created in their honour to be awarded to European figures who have helped to promote their plan. Among those awarded this prize in recent years are Angela Merkel, Herman Van Rompuy (the former Prime Minister of Belgium and first President of the European Council) and Pope Francis.
The fact that Kalergi is still apparently alive in the minds of many prominent Europeans has led to the suggestion that this is what lies at the obvious antipathy towards the president-elect Donald Trump by European leaders. Kalergi hoped that the United States would be the next region to fall under the One World Government they envisaged and perhaps many people still nourished that dream until their shock election last year.
Trump has proven themselves to be openly hostile to the idea of multiculturalism and further immigration to the United States, in stark contrast to any of their recent predecessors. They have also preached an isolationist foreign policy and appears to be drawing the lines of the classic nation state in much darker shades than previous presidents. Perhaps it is the case that they are seen as a potential fly in the ointment when it comes to pursuing Kalergi's bizarre plan for world domination.
The Kalergi Plan: White Genocide or Conspiracy Theories?
Have you ever thought that such a basic form of communication as a text could be used as a tool to spread awareness of injustice on a nation-wide scale? In this article by Andrew Lam- well-known Vietnamese-American writer, web editor, and journalist- tells us how the rise of cell phones in Vietnam has impacted the way information is circulated amongst the general population and on a web-based scale.
Have you subscribed to diaCRITICS yet? Subscribe and win prizes! Read more details.
Vietnam, a police state where freedom of expression can come with a multi-year prison term, is awash in cell phones. Whether for talking, texting or taking photos, Vietnamese are buying up mobile devices at a rate exceeding the country's own population.
A sign of the communist nation's rising affluence, it is also undermining the state's monopoly on information.
For years Vietnam has been a major producer and exporter of cheap cell phones. In 2010, it reportedly exported $2.3 billion worth of phone sets. Two years later, that figure jumped dramatically to $8.63 billion, up 122 percent from a year earlier.
Now, with phones available for as little as $20, ordinary consumers are buying upsets that would otherwise have been bound for foreign shores.
According to the latest statistics reported by TechniAsia, there were 145 cell phones for every 100 Vietnamese in 2012. For a country “whose population is just over 90 million,” it adds, “that amounts to more than 130 million mobile phones.”
And buyers aren't limited to the middle class. Everyone has them, from elementary school kids to impoverished pedicab drivers. Teenagers have them, too, of course. On motorcycles, Vietnamese chat on their mobiles while weaving dangerously through traffic with one hand on the handlebar. They don't even turn them off in movie theaters. In cafes, at restaurants, they have a rude habit of talking to you while looking down to check and send messages.
For the government in Hanoi, which maintains a vigorous Internet firewall similar to the one in Beijing, it's a troubling trend.
Because beyond the daily chitchat, Vietnamese are increasingly using their hand held devices to document and share scenes that authorities would prefer remain out of the public spotlight. Police wrongdoings are routinely reported, tweeted and shared online. Protests against police corruption and government land confiscation, and even against China's expansionism in the South China Sea, are now organized by cell phones.
A case in point: The world-renowned venerable monk Thich Nhat Hanh, long exiled in France, was given permission to visit their homeland in 2005 and they decided to build a monastery. Called Bat Nha in Lam Dong province, the monastery grew quickly in fame and many young people flocked to it.
But the enthusiasm threatened local authorities, who feared a Vietnamese Falun Gong-style movement. The result was a government-sponsored mob attack in October 2009 that resulted in the injuries and arrests of monks and nuns and eventually the demolition of the newly built temple and dormitories.
While mainstream news in Vietnam carried little information regarding the event, it was the cell phone that carried the day: Witnesses texted information and sent images of arrests and the demolition of the monastery. The story spread around the world.
Vietnam came out of the Cold War and ran fast and furious into the information age. Once upon a time, owning a fax machine could get you arrested. When it came to information manipulation and control, the communist regime once ran an impeccable machine.
But no more. Internet access went from 200,000 users in 2000 to 30,802,000 users in 2012. Facebook entered the country last year and has quickly captured 10.5 million users, or nearly 12 percent of the population.
“The growth of the Internet is endangering the government,” Le Quoc Quan, an internationally renowned lawyer and democracy activist whose popular blog pushes for a multiparty system and more human rights, told the Associated Press last year. “People can actually read news now. There is a thirst for democracy in our country.” Vietnam convicted 14 bloggers and democracy activists last week for plotting to overthrow the governing and some received 13 years jail term. Quan was arrested not long after their interview.
More and more people are blogging their frustrations and anger. But whether or not the general population does in fact thirst for democracy and want revolution is not clear. It's a citizenry that has no organized opposition, no charismatic leadership that could challenge the status quo, and no serious conversation on a new national direction.
And despite the urgings of leading activists like Dr. Nguyen Dang Que, who before their arrest in 2011, posted online a call for young people to use their cell phones to make a “clean sweep of Communist dictatorship,” it's far from certain that ordinary cell phone users perceive the new technology as a potential tool for revolution ala Arab Spring.
What is clear, however, is that the wind of change is blowing: There's a growing collective discontent against injustices and corruption, and the new communication architecture has loosened the tongue of the general population. And the more informed, the more restless they become. Whether they know it or not, by sharing and swapping information on a national scale the Vietnamese are making a revolution happen, one text at a time.
New America Media editor, Andrew Lam is the author of “Perfume Dreams: Reflections on the Vietnamese Diaspora” (Heyday Books, 2005), which won a Pen American “Beyond the Margins” award and where the above essay is excerpted, and ” East Eats West: Writing in Two Hemispheres. Their next book, ” Birds of Paradise Lost” is due out March 01, 2013. They have lectured and taught widely at many universities.
Please take the time to rate this post (above) and share it (below). Ratings for top posts are listed on the sidebar. Sharing (on email, Facebook, etc.) helps spread the word about diaCRITICS. And join the conversation and leave a comment! What do you think about the cell phone revolution happening in Vietnam right now? Do you see this type of outlet happening in your community? Do you have your own blog where you post where you share our opinions about current events?
Do you enjoy reading diaCRITICS? Then please consider subscribing!
House Democrats are backing away from a last-ditch effort to muddy President-elect Donald Trump's win by raising objections when Congress meets to count the electoral votes Friday after failing to get a senator to go along.
Several House members have been considering raising objections to the official vote certification – an act that wouldn't have halted Trump's win but could have forced debates in each chamber that would have kept the spotlight on the intelligence community's claims of Russian interference in the elections.
Without a senator, the objections will go nowhere, since a member of each chamber must sign a written protest for it to go forward.
Democratic Rep. Ed Perlmutter of Colorado was prepared to raise an objection to certifying the vote. But to succeed, the objection must be made in writing and joined by a member of the Senate.
'We are not going to file an official objection. We just weren't able to secure a senator,' their spokesperson, Ashley Verville told DailyMail.com.
Representative Ed Perlmutter was prepared to issue a letter objecting to the certification of Donald Trump's electoral college victory, after failing to find a senator who would join them
If other Democrats object when the House and Senate meet in Joint Session Friday afternoon, they might get brief snippets of floor time, but won't be able to force a debate on the issue. It wasn't immediately clear how many House Democrats might try without getting the requisite Senate support.
Even if they got an objection through, it would have been voted down in the GOP-controlled House and Senate.
The lack of Senate support sets up a scenario similar to what happened after the disputed 2000 election, when several House Democrats, including members of the black caucus, tried to object to the certification to no avail.
In a bitter twist, the loser, Vice President Al Gore, had to preside over their loss as president of the Senate at the time.
'Is the point of order signed by a senator?' Gore was forced to ask objecting Democrats.
'I don't care that it is not signed by a senator,' responded one of them, Rep. Maxine Waters (D-California), who walked out in protest.
'You will be advised that the rules do care,' Gore responded.
Representative John Conyers (D-Michigan) also was considering a challenge to the certification of the electoral votes
Representative Bobby Scott also was considering a challenge – but without a senator it won't go anywhere
Colorado members of the Electoral College waiting to be sworn in to vote for president of the United States at the Colorado State Capitol. December 19, 2016
Perlmutter issued a statement Thursday morning citing charges of Russian interference, on a day when the Senate Armed Services Committee probed Russian cyber hacks.
'It is clear Russia intervened in an attempt to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. This action by a foreign nation was unprecedented, violated our Constitution and undermined the founding pillars of American liberty and democracy. This is not about trying to stop Donald Trump from becoming President. This is about the fact that our liberty, freedom and democracy were compromised by Russia's intrusion into America's election,' they said in the statement.
Two other House Democrats, dean of the House Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, and Rep. Bobby Scott also were considering challenges, Politico reported Thursday afternoon.
California Senator Barbara Boxer joined Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones of Ohio's attempt to challenge the Ohio vote after the 2004 election.
A group trying to drum up opposition to ratifying the votes presented lawmakers with a document showing Trump electors weren't eligible to vote because didn't live in the congressional districts they represented.
The report said 50 Trump electors didn't live in the right district, Salon reported.
Update: Apple hasn't announced anything about its native iOS apps at WWDC. We'll let you know as soon as we find out anything, though. We also updated our article to reflect that and to note that it's unclear if Cupertino will allow users to delete stock apps at this point in time.
Update 2: Although it wasn't explicitly mentioned during the WWDC keynote, The Verge confirms users will be able to delete Apple's bundled apps like Maps, Compass, Music and Stocks in iOS 10. Developers who downloaded the preview beta today are already confirming the change. Everyone else will have to wait until the full release in the fall to finally get rid of that pesky Tips app... so long as Apple decides to keep the feature beyond the beta phase.
oh shit, apps are being unbundled pic.twitter.com/Mei5BW2OBw — Owen Williams ⚡️ (@ow) June 13, 2016
Many of iOS's built-in-apps are showing up in the App Store. Mail: https://t.co/lSDbx0uJ1x Stocks: https://t.co/JR9e1Ukbyr and many more — MacRumors.com (@MacRumors) June 13, 2016
Now downloadable Apple native apps: Stocks, Mail, Maps, Notes, Voice Memos, Watch, Music, FaceTime, Weather, iTunes Store, Calendar,Contacts — MacRumors.com (@MacRumors) June 13, 2016
UNINSTALL THE TIPS APP YO pic.twitter.com/ZoShamljkN — Owen Williams ⚡️ (@ow) June 13, 2016
Get all the latest news from WWDC 2016 here!
Tests and assessments are no longer an unusual part of the hiring process. But for the senior-most executives? For C-Suite roles? Executive recruiter Korn Ferry recently introduced a new system, called KF4D, to help them place better bets on talent at the top of the ladder. It's just another way we're all going to have to get more accustomed to collaborating with algorithms.
What follows is an edited version of my conversation with Michael Distefano, Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, and Dana Landis, Vice President of Global Talent Assessment & Analytics.
HBR: Let's just start with a quick description of how this particular tool works.
Distefano: Let's say [a CEO] needs a new chief of staff. He'd ask people to take a quick assessment in KF4D. We'd ask the company to tell us, “What does this chief need to be competent in?” You could choose 15 skills out of 38, and we'd ask you to sort them into high, medium, or low [priority]. And then tell us about your [company] culture. Finally, what does the person need to do – e.g., are you hiring them to drive change? We take that input from the client, and combine with a deep catalogue of benchmarks. The algorithm takes that together, crunches it, and comes back to us with the profile of the person we are looking for. Our recruiters go out, find candidates, and then they take an assessment.
HBR: How do you get that catalogue of benchmarks — that big data-set – to begin with?
Distefano: Over the last number of years we've made numerous acquisitions in talent development and leadership development, and [that led us to] acquire more datasets and databases — almost 50 years worth of data for executive levels. So we were able to pull these together into one data warehouse [containing] over two million assessments.
Landis:We now have enough data to start answering questions like, “What's differentiating leaders in different contexts and cultures and jobs?” When you pull all the data together, you start to see the patterns. It's fascinating to know what doesn't change, and what does change across regions and levels.
Insight Center The Future of Collaboration Sponsored by Accenture How tools are changing the way we manage, learn, and get things done.
What are some of the things that are different for C-suite roles, as opposed to roles that are lower on the ladder?
Landis: One example is conscientiousness. At the bottom it's critical, but it's a lot less so at the top.
Distefano: [Conversely] agility – lifelong learners with a high tolerance for risk – that's kind of a universal attribute.
Is it unusual to have data on senior executives? It seems like these kinds of tools are more often used at lower levels.
Landis: Data on global and very high-level populations is rather hard to access. We usually see these [assessment] tools at mid-level and below.
Some leadership norms are very specific to a certain company culture, or country culture. How does an algorithm take that variability into account?
Distefano: Because we've got [a database of] over two million assessed executives, we can cut that so that we can see how a CFO at a state-owned firm in China is different from a CFO in private equity-owned firm in Silicon Valley.
I find it interesting that you focus so much on measuring culture and fit, two things that seem like they'd be really tough to quantify. Why not leave that to the interview?
Distefano: I like to say, “You get hired for what you know, and fired for who you are.” Over time, our findings were that of, say, CFO candidates, everyone can add, everyone knows the regulations and tax code and so on, but there are two places that go awry. One is you're not a good cultural fit. Second, we all have things within our psyche that derail us as we go up the ladder.
Landis: What the assessment does is pick up high and low scores and develops an interview guide off of those scores. The assessment works as a guide – here is where to probe further, here's where there might be a problem.
Is it all based on self-assessment? If so, how do you know people are answering honestly, with self-awareness?
Landis: The way it's designed, it's nearly impossible to do the social desirability thing. You're not allowed to say you're great at everything — you're forced to prioritize. The questions are more behaviorally anchored. It's not questions like, “Do you like to hang around with people? Are you a team player?”
Distefano: Oftentimes we'll ask you, “Of these three things, what are you the best at?” And maybe you could choose between something like, strategic thinker, communicator, or global perspective. After you pick one, then we ask, “Of the remaining two what are you best at?” By process of elimination you've told us what you're not best at. We'll ask you again, mixing [those skills] in against other things, and see if a pattern emerges. What's your top strength? And if you're changing your answers, that's telling us something else too. If you have one dominant strength, you're a professional. If you have many, maybe you're high potential.
Landis: You could have [a problem with] someone very un-self-aware. No assessment can account for that.
It sounds like the size of the dataset is really an asset. But is more data always better?
Landis: There tends to be this kitchen-sink approach in measurement. You find HR departments that are measuring every conceivable thing, piling tool on top of tool to not miss anything. You get this sense of exhaustion: “We're measuring everyone and everything — we've got all this weird data and we don't know what it's telling us.” One thing we realized we could do is clarify what matters and where [our clients] are wasting their time. For example, heavy IQ testing. Anyone at that [very senior] level is already smart enough. That's not the problem. We have to pull their attention to measuring those things that actually move the needle, that are going to help us understand fit with their culture.
Some 15 years ago, Ross Willard was volunteering with a food program in Harrisburg, Pa., when they started to notice children riding bicycles with brakes that didn't work.
The retired railroad executive saw the importance of ensuring those children didn't have unsafe bikes, so they began repairing bicycles on street corners and at block parties and other community events, using tools they would keep in the back seat of their car.
Over time, as people learned about their work and they discovered the full extent of that need, their efforts took larger shape.
“It became a little toolbox, a bigger toolbox, [then] the van, the trailer, and the warehouse,” says Mr. Willard, founder and chief mechanical officer of Recycle Bicycle Harrisburg, which opened its first shop in 2007. The all-volunteer nonprofit emerged from Willard's simple acts of goodwill for their fellow Harrisburg residents, and it's now a thriving – yet surprisingly nimble – organization.
Today, Willard operates a bicycle collection point, repair facility, and teaching center for bicycle safety and maintenance, geared toward anyone who is interested. Common clients include children and their parents, as well as halfway house residents seeking to perform community service hours while also building their own bikes to use for inexpensive, efficient transportation.
Since its founding, Recycle Bicycle has distributed thousands of donated bikes to the Harrisburg community – averaging about 900 per year in the past decade, since the operation moved out of Willard's basement and garage. “Mr. Bicycle,” as he's known around the Pennsylvania capital, estimates that the organization repairs some 3,000 bikes a year, whether at the nonprofit or in the community.
The organization has a do-it-yourself philosophy: Although there is no charge for any repairs, or even bicycles, most visitors (with the exception of young children) are tasked with making their own repairs with the assistance of volunteer trainers. And those picking up bikes can do so in exchange for pitching in with repairs or other work in the shop.
“In essence, this is socialism: I don't own the bikes; the city owns the bikes. The people own the bikes,” says Willard, adding with a chuckle, “But I am the dictator who determines the best place to send them.”
Sitting in the organization's shop space, they discuss the volunteerism and sense of service that were imprinted on them as a child by their parents. This led to a strong belief about fixing problems that one finds in the community.
“If you see something that needs to be done, don't call the government. Go fix it,” they say. “And so that's what we do.”
Willard recounts a recent visit from a boy who was having a problem with the brakes on their bicycle. As the two worked on the repair, the boy's sister asked about getting a basket to add to their bike. Willard helped them find the parts, and then they installed the basket herself.
More people in the bike saddle
From time to time, Willard also helps teach children as well as adults how to ride.
“To watch kids learn how to ride – terrific,” they say. “The best thing is to watch adults who have never [ridden] a bike before. We take people from being nonriders to being riders.”
Safety was the hook that brought Recycle Bicycle to life. That's also what earned Willard the Mr. Bicycle moniker – as the guy who fixes bikes and reminds riders of safety.
Although safety is paramount, Willard also recognizes what a bike provides to a young boy or girl.
“The bicycle is freedom,” they say. “The kids need bikes to see the world.”
Bicycles can also mean freedom for the other target population of Recycle Bicycle – residents of halfway houses. A prison guard from Willard's church, who had heard about their organization, told them about the needs of those recently released from jail or prison.
“We knew we could help them,” they say, noting the importance of transportation for getting to and from job interviews, work, group meetings, and other required programs.
“If you give them a car and the computer dies, they have got to pay somebody,” Willard says. “We give them something we know they can come back and repair as many times as needed.”
The benefits of bikes
Bicycles don't require insurance, gas, or expensive maintenance, Willard notes. They provide exercise, and they can help adults have some fun while getting them where they need to go. “The bikes make them feel like teenagers again,” they say.
Recycle Bicycle offers halfway house residents the opportunity to perform prescribed community service. In addition, some include their unpaid volunteer work there as experience on their résumé – and use Willard as a job reference.
All the nonprofit's activities are done with what Willard modestly describes as a “frugal” approach. The only cost, they say, is the $500 or so they pay each year for liability insurance, and sometimes a small charge for brake cables they buy at a shop.
Indeed, thriftiness is prized. “We throw away so many bikes in America,” Willard says, noting that many volunteers will save bicycles put out for trash collection and bring them in to repair and refurbish, or to cannibalize them for parts.
Recycle Bicycle is currently based in a donated warehouse space, but Willard hopes to secure a permanent home because of the limited room and the lack of climate control and plumbing. So far, they have raised $80,000 of the $150,000 needed.
For the retired Willard, the effect that Recycle Bicycle has had keeps them going.
“When we are in an area long enough, we don't see as many broken bikes,” they say, alluding to the fact that the organization has a trailer for a mobile repair shop and that the nonprofit's home base has shifted several times. “That is my passion because I see the need.”
One ex-convict's story
On a recent afternoon at the warehouse, Robert Weldon was hard at work, searching for a derailleur for a bicycle they were building for himself. An hour later, their new bike was beginning to take shape.
“Right now, I'm getting out of prison,” Mr. Weldon says. “I need this. It saves me money. It gets me there.”
Weldon explains that they first heard of Willard and their organization when they were living in a halfway house and trying to find a way to get around while preserving the little money they had. It was difficult to walk the miles it would sometimes involve to make it to meetings and other required programming. Compounding that challenge was the limited time that residents had to travel to and from obligations, with penalties for late arrivals or returns. “This is where a bike really saved me,” they say.
Weldon used a loaner bike from their work program, but when that needed repairs, they discovered Recycle Bicycle. Now, they support programs like this across the United States. “There should be more places like this,” they say.
Craig Gatchell, counselor assistant for Daystar Center for Spiritual Recovery – a halfway house in Harrisburg for those with substance abuse issues – also sees the value of Willard's endeavor.
“The majority of our clients that come here don't have any type of transportation. A lot of them don't even have their license,” Mr. Gatchell says. When they go to Recycle Bicycle, “they come back with bikes.”
Of the 24 clients in the halfway house at the time, some 15 had bicycles from the nonprofit, according to Gatchell.
“It helps them get to 12-step fellowship meetings, [and] it also helps them look for employment, trying to expand their search area,” they say. Recycle Bicycle “help[s] us out tremendously. We are a nonprofit, so we don't have the manpower to transport guys to and from work, or to meetings.”
For the residents, the bicycles have an immediate effect, Gatchell adds. “Giving them the ability to get bikes at basically no cost to them, besides their community service,” they say, “it gives them the opportunity to just get where they need to go.”
• For more information, visit recyclebicycleharrisburg.org.
How to take action
UniversalGiving helps people give to and volunteer for top-performing charitable organizations around the world. All the projects are vetted by UniversalGiving; 100 percent of each donation goes directly to the listed cause. Below are links to three groups supporting sustainability, disadvantaged people, or both:
Miracles in Action provides Guatemalans living in extreme poverty with opportunities to help themselves through sustainable development projects. Take action: Donate money so students can receive backpacks filled with school supplies.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Let Kids Be Kids advocates on behalf of those who are poor, homeless, sick, displaced, or looking to improve their lives. Take action: Contribute to funds covering the cost of phone calls between death-row inmates and people on an approved list.
Osa Conservation applies scientific and other expertise to protecting the biodiversity of the Osa Peninsula in Costa Rica. Take action: Help at a sustainable farm.
Posted by Chris on March 28, 2016
Flavor of the week:
PARSEC
PARSEC is the newest flavor from Space Jam! A refreshing smoothie perfectly balanced with ripe mangoes, tangy oranges and a hint of cream, that will take you on an exhilarating getaway to an undisclosed tropical planet.
SAVE 20% on a bottle of PARSEC or any other flavor from the Space Jam line with code FOTW
About Space Jam
Space Jam was brought to Earth in 2012 to provide human vapers with a superior e-liquid and a better overall vaping experience. At the time, the vaping industry on Earth was in its fledgling stages, and the vaping community was just beginning to multiply. The arrival of Space Jam took the industry by storm, effectively changing vaping forever.
2vaped's Flavor of the Week is updated weekly to feature a personal favorite flavor from either Chris or Kyle. For the week a flavor is featured, save 20% on the ENTIRE line it belongs to with the code FOTW
Save 20% on PARSEC and the entire Space Jam lineup for this week only - use code FOTW at checkout!
This article is over 1 year old
The police officer who shot dead a 15-year-old boy in Balch Springs, Texas, last Saturday has turned themselves in to face a murder charge, authorities said on Friday.
Police shooting of Texas teen in moving car violated federal guidance Read more
Jordan Edwards, who was black, and their two brothers and two other teenagers were driving away from an unruly house party in Balch Springs late Saturday night when the officer, Roy Oliver, in violation of federal guidelines, opened fire on their vehicle with a rifle. The bullets shattered the front passenger-side window. Edwards was hit in the head.
It took a few moments for Edwards' 16-year-old brother, who was driving, and other passengers to notice that they were slumped over in their seat.
On Tuesday, Oliver, a six-year veteran, was fired for violating department policies, police chief Jonathan Haber said. An arrest warrant was issued on Friday and they turned themselves in shortly after.
In a statement announcing the warrant, the Dallas County sheriff's office cited evidence that suggested Oliver “intended to cause serious bodily injury and commit an act clearly dangerous to human life that caused the death”.
A sheriff's spokesperson, Melinda Urbina, said the investigation into the shooting continued.
Oliver's attorney, Cindy Stormer, didn't immediately return messages seeking comment. The attorney for the teen's family, Lee Merritt, said they would issue a statement later Friday.
Records obtained by the Associated Press, meanwhile, showed that Oliver was briefly suspended in 2013 following a complaint about their conduct while serving as a witness in a drunk-driving case.
Personnel records from the Balch Springs police department show Oliver was suspended for 16 hours in December 2013 after the Dallas County district attorney's office filed the complaint. Oliver also was ordered to take training courses in anger management and courtroom demeanor and testimony.
Oliver joined the Balch Springs department in 2011 after having been an officer with the Dalworthington Gardens police department for almost a year. A statement from Dalworthington Gardens officials said they received an award for “meritorious conduct” and there were no documented complaints or disciplinary action in their work either as a public safety officer or dispatcher.
Between their employment as a dispatcher and officer in the Dallas suburb, Oliver was in the US army, rising to sergeant through two tours in Iraq and earning various commendations. They served for two years in the Texas national guard reserves.
About 200 people attended a vigil in Balch Springs on Thursday night to honor Edwards' memory and protest their death.
Their funeral is scheduled to take place on Saturday.
I have a confession…I loved the shattered glass Halloween cupcakes I made last week so much that I decided to make a shattered glass CAKE!! It somehow looks more gory than the cupcakes, but it tastes just as delicious. The recipe and instructions can be found below:
1 batch my favorite vanilla layer cake (4, 7″ cake rounds)
1.5 batches my classic American buttercream
Edible Glass Shards:
1 cup water
1/2 cup light corn syrup
1 3/4 cup sugar
1/2 tsp cream of tartar
candy thermometer
Additional Supplies:
strawberry jam
red food coloring
hammer or meat mallet
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit, and prepare cake batter. Bake 4, 7 inch layers for about 38 minutes. Once removed from the oven, carefully run a small offset spatula around the perimeter of the pan, to separate the layers. Let these cool for about 10 minutes, then carefully remove them from the pans and place in the freezer for about 45 minutes (accelerates the cooling process).
While the layers bake and cool, prepare the buttercream frosting. Beat the butter on medium speed for 30 seconds with a paddle attachment, until smooth. Slowly add in the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time. Add the heavy cream halfway through. Once fully mixed, add in the vanilla and salt, and beat on medium low until the ingredients are fully incorporated, and the desired consistency is reached. If the frosting is too thick, add in cream (1 teaspoon at a time). If the frosting is too thin, add in more powdered sugar (quarter of a cup at a time). To watch a full tutorial on how I make my frosting, you can click here.
To make the edible glass shards, mix 1 cup water, 1/2 cup corn syrup, sugar, and cream of tartar in a large saucepan or pot. Bring mixture to a boil. Use a candy thermometer and boil sugar syrup until temperature reaches 300 degrees, stirring constantly. It's super important that you get the mixture to exactly 300 degrees, and immediately remove from the heat one it does. If it doesn't reach this temperature, it won't fully harden, and you won't be able to smash it into smaller shards. If it gets hotter than this, or if you don't stir if constantly, the mixture can begin to caramelize and gain a yellowish hue. When sugar reaches 300 degrees, quickly pour onto a metal baking pan. Cool until completely firm to the touch. Break into “shards” using a hard object (I sterilized a hammer for this, but a meat mallet would work too!).
Remove the layers from the freezer, and use a 3 inch circle cutter to remove the centers of two of the layers. Begin assembling the cake using an uncut cake layer. Frost with an even layer of vanilla buttercream, then top with one of the cake layers. Gently frost the cake ring, the stack with the other cut layer. Spread an even layer of buttercream on top of the second cake ring, then smooth frosting into the cut-out center of the cake.
Mix one squirt of red gel food coloring into the strawberry jam, and then carefully pour into the center of the cake. Fill to the top, then place the last cake layer on top. Cover the cake in a thin crumb coat, and chill in the freezer or fridge for about 5 minutes. Once the crumb coat is firm to the touch, add a second, thicker layer of frosting. Smooth using a bench scraper. You can see a full tutorial on how to frost a cake with smooth sides here.
Stick glass shards into the frosting on top of the cake, and then drizzle some of the remaining red jam between the shards. Then gather everyone around, and cut into the cake for a gory site!!
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
We've been a member of Boondockers Welcome for five months, but finally used it for the first time! In this article we'll review our experience and discuss the membership and the perks it offers.
It is one of our many tools we use to find FREE CAMPING – learn more about our strategy in our article “The Art of Free Camping.”
What is Boondockers Welcome?
It's a membership service that provides travelers with driveway camping options across the country. The company was founded by fellow RVers, and aims to connect like-minded people with places to camp and create shared experiences.
How much does it cost?
There are two membership categories – hosts & travelers. A host membership cost $19.95 a year, with the potential of being free if they receive positive reviews. The “Guest-Only” membership is $24.95 a year. It allows travelers easy access to the database of hosts.
What are some of the membership features?
The website has an easy-to-use mapping system that makes it easy to find hosts across the country. Boondockers Welcome also has a private messaging system that shows host response rate. Our favorite feature is the host reviews that are found in each profile – it gives us a good sense if we'll be a proper fit for the host.
Is it safe?
We felt very comfortable and our host was kind and gracious. Reading host reviews can help you get a feel for each host and what the experience of other campers has been. If a host has numerous reviews, we feel more inclined to stay.
Our Experience?
We spent five nights during our first Boondockers Welcome stay. The location was ideal for our Seattle adventures. We could also walk to local coffee shops and a beautiful water front park. For us to legitimize the $25 membership, we'd like to use it at least 12 nights out of the year.
Thanks for reading our blog. Help support our mission – to live freely and deliberately – by checking out our Etsy store or shopping Amazon through our link.
Like this: Like Loading...
Editors' pick: Originally published March 10. Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google received approval from Mountain View, Calif., city officials to break ground on its new dome-shaped headquarters called "Charleston East" in April, the same month Apple (AAPL) will start sending employees to its new "Spaceship" campus called Apple Park in nearby Cupertino. The vote was unanimously approved on Tuesday. Alphabet and Apple are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GOOGL or AAPL? Learn more now. Construction on the building project that will house up to 2,700 employees is scheduled to be completed in 2019. The building will be two stories tall and about 595,000 square feet, vs. Apple Park's 2.8 million square feet. The project site is 18.6 acres, much smaller than Apple Park's 175 acres. Apple plans to move 12,000 of its employees into Apple Park within six months. The updated renderings for the campus reveal that Google has significantly scaled back from its original plans first revealed in 2015. The original plan resembles a large glass greenhouse (similar to Apple Park), while the new plan looks more like a scalloped tent. The more modest plans are a result of Google and LinkedIn (LNKD) swapping Mountain View real estate locations last July. LinkedIn was given more space than Google, forcing Google to downsize its plans. Other possible explanations for the scaling back include the New York Times report from 2015 that the Mountain View community was concerned about being overtaken by the campus or continued cost cutting under Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat. Other projects that have seen cuts are Google Glass, Chromebook Pixel and Google Fiber. Charleston East marks the first time Google has constructed an office building from the ground up, rather than moving into a previously built space. And while the project may be less innovative than its original 2015 plans predicted, the campus is still plenty impressive. Read on to learn more about where some of Google's 61,000 employees will be working in a few years.
The incredible tent-like dome The incredible tent-like dome The Charleston East campus will be built in Mountain View near Google's cooperate headquarters known as Googleplex, a 500,000 square foot area that includes tennis courts, basketball courts, massage rooms and nap pods. The tent-like roof may be its most impressive feature. It will have solar panels that will integrate 4MW of solar capacity, vs Apple Park roof's 16MW of solar capacity. It will also collect rain water, regulate indoor climate and air quality, as well as minimize sounds. The square metal pieces that create the dome will be made from material that's not too too reflective or transparent in order to help prevent bird deaths.
Flexible office spaces Flexible office spaces The highest part of the building will reach about 112 feet and will house unique office spaces on the second floor that are designed to be "highly flexible and reconfigurable." Google's projects consultants described it as "a building form not typically described in standard city codes," according to siliconbeat.com. Google real estate director John Igoe told KPIX-TV that the team "wanted to find out how we could get a space to be very, very flexible and that wouldn't have a lot of walls and the typical type of restrictions you have."
The 'Green Loop' The 'Green Loop' The campus's ground floor featuring a retail area will be open to the public from dawn to dusk. An outdoor walkway or "artery" knows as "The Green Loop" will also be open to the public and will have restaurants, shops and bike paths built off of it. "Cafes and shops dot the artery to create a bustling social and retail destination open to both Googlers and the wider public," the planning documents said. The Green Loop will also feature "savanna-like habitat" and will connect Charleston East to Googleplex. The main path will be complemented by more private areas to allow people to talk and collaborate better, according to the documents.
A park, sculpture garden and more A park, sculpture garden and more The Green Loop public access area will also feature a park, a plaza with food trucks and a sculpture garden that will feature works reminiscient of Burning Man rather than the 'do not touch' pieces typically seen in museums. The company designed Charleston East as a place for the public to enjoy, rather than just an office space, Google real estate director John Igoe told the Mountain View Voice. "This was our opportunity to make this location more open to the community," they said. "This is our new front door to the city and to visitor."
Night View The campus will still give off a faint glow at night in the small Mountain View community. Google has more than 70 offices in 50 countries, but this is the only one open to the public, including Mountain View locals, tourists and employees.
It's Christmas Week! I'm going to go ahead and write some fun quasi-off-topic rough draft stuff this week since we've been wandering in financial reform for some time.
To start: Megan McArdle and Steve Waldman are having an interesting back and forth on the idea of cultural norms and strategic defaulting. (In order, Megan, Steve, Megan, Steve. I really enjoyed Steve last post there, but they are all worth a read.) It starts with McArdle referring to strategic defaulters, those who could continue to pay on an underwater mortgage but decide to mail in the keys and stop payments, as “The New Breed of Deadbeats.” Though they aren't breaking any laws, and are probably acting in their own financial best interest, they are tearing up the implicit social norms that create the conditions for our excellent credit markets. Megan:
I am afraid that I am one of those people who have no patience for people who refuse to pay their debts… There is a sizable school of thought that says why shouldn't they? They made a contract with the bank under known rules, and as long as they're willing to pay the penalties, why shouldn't they just walk away, the way a corporation would? Well, for one thing, companies don't always behave like this, and those who get a reputation for stiffing their suppliers run into trouble. But for another, because society doesn't really work on such clean logic. The reason we can have easy bankruptcy and a pretty robust credit market (usually) is that most people act like debts are obligations which should always be paid off if possible.
I do, on one level, find this kind of argument interesting. I've heard some arguments, tracing back to Karl Polanyi and other Continental thinkers, that say instead of taking ‘the market' as granted we need to critically interrogate the social construction and performance of markets, examining the way they (re)produce cultural norms. The logic of the market, like the subject, does not precede a dense network of power relations but is instead produced through these relations, which forms the necessary conditions of its possibility. Heck I even made it through a good chunk of the feat of endurance that is The Social Structures of the Economy, where Bourdieu points out each and every sociological fact running underneath a Parisian couple trying to buy a house.
Again, I'm used to this argument coming from sociologists, anthropologists, certain types of radical political economists, etc. instead of a libertarian with a MBA from the University of Chicago, but it's always a fun discussion. Let's dig a little deeper into this argument. McArdle is using social norms to end the argument, but really invoking it starts a seperate argument that needs to draw on what has been changing in social norms over the past 30 years.
Nostalgianomics, Neoliberalism Without some argument about what is driving changes in social norms, the line of reasoning quickly devolves into Nostalgianomics – “Why can't people just pay their mortgages off?” looks a lot like “Why do CEOs have to make so much money? The social norm used to be 30x a worker's salary, but now its over 300x.” And here is where some neoliberalism theory can help. There's been a move to fashion the individual as an entrepreneurial being in a system of “extending and disseminating market values to all institutions and social action … the production of all human and institutional action as rational entrepreneurial action.” I assume conflicts about this new mode of interactions is what is motivating Waldman in this discussion (as it does me).
To put it all another way, McArdle is saying that people need to make sure to act against their financial interests for the sake of society. Arch-Neoliberal and Hayekian Margaret Thatcher said “There is no such thing as society. There are individual men and women, and there are families.” I think Thatcher's view is on the rise.
Shareholder's Rights McArdle's claim that “[Waldman] interprets Friedman's argument that the responsibility of a firm was to maximize profits for its shareholders to mean that there are no standards of ethical conduct for corporations” I think misses what Waldman is getting at.
Prior to the early 1980s it was very common to think of a corporation as a particularly embedded institution, something with obligations and duties to its workers and to its communities in addition to its responsibilities to shareholders. This creates the conditions for people to think they have similar obligations to business institutions that go above and beyond the simply transactional. I think McArdle thinks you can remove one side of it while keeping the other in place – removing the social responsibility of the corporation while keeping the social responsibility of the individual in place. I'm not sure it is so easy.
(Before we go on, I think we can over-read social norms. I'd actual just put the change on the “Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982″ which created the ability for subprime lending.)
Obligations are a Two Way Street But to put us on a more practical footing, what I see missing is McArdle not calling the mortgage lenders deadbeats for not modifying mortgages. I assume anyone who thinks a person should act in a way to fulfill social obligations should also think that the counterparty should meet them or them halfway. I can think of dozens of things banks could be doing: announcing that they won't charge prepayment penalties, pushing out adverse rate resets, writing down principal, etc. Instead we have the government trying to bribe mortgage lenders with taxpayer money to consider doing these things, a policy that has been a failure. Where's the mutual obligation?
2006 McArdle: “You can dance around it all you want, but someone who borrowed money to buy a house in 2006 was borrowing money under the tacit moral norms of the time.” But what was that moral norm? From here we can see that bankers believed a housing crash of the kind we say was less than 5% likely. I also believe, and make the argument in that link, that a subprime loan was a vehicle for banks to take bets on housing price appreciation alongside homeowners.
Nash equilibriums Not everything in life fits into a prisoner's dilemma diagram, but it is often useful for clarifying ideas. I think what the anti-walking-away people are saying is that people need to cooperate with banks, so that the banks will co-operate back with them. This misses a key point of the prisoner's dilemma: If you are convinced that the other party will cooperate with you no matter what (i.e. never walk away), that's when you fuck them over the hardest (or more politely, that's when you ‘don't co-operate'). It's only through the threat of non-cooperation that you can actually secure cooperation. If you are convinced that people will pay off their mortgage even though it was a high-hidden fee high-jump bet by a bank that housing would continue to appreciate then that's exactly what you'll offer. The argument should be that it's only through some people actually just leaving that the banks would be motivated to take up their end of the social responsibility, if we can even conceive of such a thing anymore.
NABLUS (Ma'an) -- Israeli settlers on Thursday bulldozed private Palestinian lands near the northern West Bank village of Jalud south of Nablus in order to expand an illegal settlement outpost, a Palestinian Authority official said.
Ghassan Daghlas, a PA official who monitors settlement activities in the northern West Bank, told Ma'an that settlers from the Shvut Rachel outpost had decided to expand their illegal settlement at the expense of nearby private Palestinian landowners.
The fields that were leveled belong to Ahmad Ibrahim Hajj Muhammad, they added.
Daghlas said that the Israeli government had granted the settlers construction licenses.
Jalud is located directly beside a number of notoriously violent Jewish outposts and settlements, and hundreds of acres of its agricultural lands have been confiscated by Israeli authorities for their construction.
Settlers regularly attack the village, burning cars and uprooting olive trees, and in January locals captured a group of marauding settler youth before turning them over to security forces.
In 2013, there were 399 incidents of settler violence against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, according to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
Over 90 percent of investigations into settler violence by Israeli police fail to lead to an indictment.
More than 500,000 Israeli settlers live in settlements across the West Bank and East Jerusalem, in contravention of international law.
The internationally recognized Palestinian territories of which the West Bank and East Jerusalem form a part have been occupied by the Israeli military since 1967.
Missouri Governor Jay Nixon adamantly denies that the White House pressured them to resist sending in the National Guard in response to violent protesters unhappy with the Michael Brown shooting decision.
It is clear, however, that Nixon has been in close contact with President Obama's senior advisor Valerie Jarrett as the chaotic situation unfolded. According to the White House, Jarrett spoke with Nixon the first night of the protests as well as the morning after.
Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz confirmed that Jarrett received “updates” from Nixon, “promising to stay in close touch” as the situation continued.
“Valerie spoke to Governor Nixon both last night and this morning, and has been briefing the President on an ongoing basis since last night,” Schultz said, speaking to reporters on Air Force One. “And in each of those conversations with Governor Nixon, Valerie has pledged to stay in close coordination with the Governor in making sure that he's getting the support they need from the federal government.”
Schultz refused to say whether or not President Obama spoke on the phone with anyone about the protests sweeping the nation, but revealed that White House staff spoke with mayors across the country to coordinate a proper response.
Jarrett and Attorney General Eric Holder also spoke with civil rights leaders the first night of the protests, continuing their close coordination as the grand jury decision approached.
“As you know, we've been working closely with them for the past few months leading up to this point to make sure that responses to this moment would be appropriate and constructive,” Schultz said.
Civil, a decentralized newsmaking platform has announced $5 million in funding from ConsenSys, a leading global blockchain venture studio. ConsenSys is committing $2.5 million in capital and $2.5 million in services in support of Civil's newsmaking platform that enables a direct relationship between journalists and readers.
In Civil's self-governing marketplace, readers may directly sponsor newsrooms, and journalists collaboratively run their own publications. Readers may subscribe to Civil-hosted publications, and will use Civil's cryptocurrency or “CVL” tokens to sponsor individual journalists, investigations and stories, creating a new collaborative model for the gathering and dissemination of news. Civil's independent journalism advisory board will govern the platform overall, in order to ensure that fair, objective, professional standards are met throughout the network.
The blockchain-based platform and its smart contracts will protect journalists against censorship and intellectual property disputes while fostering transparency across the network. Meanwhile, properly incentivized collaborative editing and fact-checking will substantially limit misinformation.
Civil founder Matthew Iles said:
“By providing the economic incentives and governance structures for newsmakers – writers, editors, photographers, fact-checkers – to self-organize, Civil offers a new business model for journalism. Our goal is to create a self-sustaining global marketplace for journalism that is free from advertising, fake news, and outside influence.”
Initially the platform will focus on local, policy and investigative reporting. Civil has dedicated one million dollars to fund the First Fleet, a diverse group of top-tier journalists creating their own newsrooms and publications. Interested journalists can now apply on Civil's website.
Civil's newsmaking platform and its CVL token sale will launch simultaneously in early 2018 with live newsrooms including Popula, an alternative news and culture publication. Journalist, editor and entrepreneur Maria Bustillos, whose writing has appeared in The New Yorker, The Awl, Harper's, the Guardian and The New York Times, will manage the Popula newsroom, joined by Sasha Frere-Jones, Ryan Bradley, Aaron Bady and other well-known journalists.
Civil is partnering with ConsenSys; the cryptoeconomics advisory team at CoinFund, led by Jake Brukhman and Alex Bulkin; and editorial strategy firm Old Town Media, led by Josh Benson, Katherine Lehr and Tom McGeveran to launch the platform, tokens and newsrooms.
Joseph Lubin, Ethereum co-founder and founder of ConsenSys stated:
The American military is a rapidly growing consumer of renewable energy products, because it is extremely expensive and frequently dangerous to ship large quantities of fuel into remote areas of Iraq and Afghanistan.
The solar panel provision is carefully written to help it comply with the free trade rules of the World Trade Organization, which would make it hard for China to ask a W.T.O. tribunal to overturn the provision, trade lawyers said.
Chinese leaders have strongly criticized such provisions in the past, particularly one in President Obama's economic stimulus package in early 2009 that applied to government procurement of steel and construction materials.
But China required in the late spring of 2009 that virtually all of its $600 billion economic stimulus be spent within China, not just for construction materials.
Chinese officials in Beijing and Washington did not respond on Saturday or Sunday to requests for comment on the solar panel provision.
While the United States and Europe have focused on subsidizing buyers of solar panels, China has emphasized subsidies for solar panel manufacturers. It then exports virtually all of its panels to the United States and Europe, often helped by the American and European consumer subsidies.
The solar panel provision in the defense appropriations law comes as President Obama has ordered a broad investigation into whether Chinese export subsidies, local content requirements and other rules have violated W.T.O. rules. As a result of the investigation, the United States started a W.T.O. case on Dec. 22 against what it said were Chinese wind turbine manufacturing subsidies.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
American trade officials said then that they were still examining other Chinese clean-energy subsidy policies to decide whether to file additional W.T.O. cases.
The solar panel provision was part of the initial defense appropriations bill passed by the House. The House version had a simple requirement that the Defense Department buy solar panels made in the United States.
The Senate, which has been more leery of interfering with free trade, had no comparable provision, however, and many people in the solar panel industry did not expect the final law to have such a provision.
But the conference of House and Senate leaders ended up retaining the House provision and modifying it, by adding legal language to require that it also comply with previous American trade legislation.
Representative Maurice Hinchey, Democrat of New York, said they had fought for the provision to be included in the bill.
Photo
“We've had a lot of money taken out of this country and invested in other places around the world, particularly China, and particularly in alternative energies,” they said in an interview by phone. “For them to be producing alternative energy, that's great, but we need to do it ourselves, and as much of it as possible.”
Mr. Hinchey said they did not think the provision would jeopardize relations with the Chinese ahead of Mr. Hu's visit. “We have provided them with a lot of economic growth there,” they said. “A lot of money has gone out of this country and into China, and a lot of manufacturing operations, particularly alternative energy, has also gone into China.”
Mr. Hinchey had praised the Obama administration in November for starting a broad investigation into Chinese subsidies for solar and wind energy exports, saying then that these subsidies had put a company in their district, Prism Solar Technologies of Highland, N.Y., at a competitive disadvantage.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Two prominent trade lawyers said in e-mails over the weekend that the law's language meant that in practice, the Defense Department must buy solar panels from any country that signs the W.T.O.'s side agreement on government procurement. Earlier American trade laws require compliance with that agreement.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Virtually all industrialized countries have signed the side agreement, which requires free trade in government purchases. China vowed to sign it as soon as possible when it joined the W.T.O. in November 2001, but still has not done so.
The two trade lawyers said that the United States was within its rights to discriminate against Chinese solar panels in military procurement.
“The W.T.O. Government Procurement Agreement allows signatory countries, including the United States in its Defense Department contracts, to favor goods from countries that have signed that agreement over countries that have not,” said Carolyn B. Gleason, a partner at McDermott Will & Emery in Washington who is one of the best-known litigators of W.T.O. cases.
Alan Wolff, a former senior American trade official who is now the chairperson of the trade practice at the law firm Dewey & LeBoeuf in Washington, said that it was hard to understand China's resistance to signing the agreement. “There would be a clear benefit both for it and its trading partners,” they said.
Solar panels are technologically complex to manufacture, and are made almost entirely in industrialized countries that have signed the W.T.O. side agreement — or in China.
Inland Chinese provinces and cities have strongly lobbied Beijing not to sign the agreement because they want to retain the legal right to continue steering government contracts to local companies, said a trade policy adviser to the Chinese government who insisted on anonymity because of the political sensitivity of the issue.
The Buy American provision in the 2009 economic stimulus legislation also has a little-known clause allowing purchases from other countries that have signed the Government Procurement Agreement, and not just from American suppliers.
Ocean Yuan, the chief executive and president of Grape Solar, a company based in Eugene, Ore., that distributes mostly mainland Chinese solar panels but also American, Japanese and Taiwanese panels, said that imported panels typically cost 20 percent less than American-made panels.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Yuan predicted that the new legislation would have a big effect on the American solar panel market, by encouraging Chinese solar panel manufacturers to establish factories in the United States. “This policy will certainly have a negative impact on the imported solar panels from China, which have lower cost over all due to lower labor and overhead costs,” they said.
Grape Solar sold $500,000 worth of Chinese-made solar panels to the American military shortly before Christmas, Mr. Yuan said, adding that they expected future contracts to specify American-made panels.
The legislative provision was welcomed by SolarWorld, a German company that is one of the biggest manufacturers of solar panels in the United States and which has not followed the example of most manufacturers in moving production to China.
“As a long-standing and still-expanding American manufacturer of solar technology, SolarWorld is heartened that the U.S. government and military clearly grasp the critical role of domestically produced solar technology in the country's national-security future,” said Bob Beisner, managing director of the company's American subsidiary in Hillsboro, Ore., which is already installing American-made solar panels at the United States military facilities at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
The defense appropriations bill has another provision related to China. It requires that the military conduct an immediate review of its needs for rare earth metals, which are mined elements increasingly crucial in sophisticated technologies. About 95 percent of the world's supply comes from China.
The bill also requires the department to establish “an assured source of supply” for rare earth metals by 2015 and to consider setting up a stockpile.
Rare earths are essential for a wide range of military hardware, be it missiles or sonar. The Defense Department has been studying its contractors' reliance on Chinese supplies for more than a year. A draft report shared with Congressional aides last fall had a preliminary conclusion that rare earths were very important but suggested that the department's contractors continue to be allowed to buy them from any source.
Colorado's highest court declined to hear an appeal from a Christian baker who was found guilty of discrimination for refusing to service a same-sex wedding ceremony.
The Colorado Supreme Court decided Monday to not hear an appeal from Jack Phillips of Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., who had been found guilty of discrimination by the Colorado Civil Rights Commission.
"Upon consideration of the Petition for Writ of Certiorari to the Colorado Court of Appeals and after review of the record, briefs, and the judgment of said Court of Appeals, IT IS ORDERED that said Petition for Writ of Certiorari shall be, and the same hereby is, DENIED," read the decision.
In 2012, Phillips declined to make a cake for a gay wedding. In response, a complaint was filed against Phillips before the Civil Rights Commission, which in May 2014 found them guilty of violating Colorado's Anti-Discrimination Act, or CADA.
As part of their punishment, Phillips was ordered to undergo sensitivity training and they had to provide the Commission with updates on any cake orders they refused to take, providing an explanation for this reasoning.
The same-sex couple filing the complaint against Phillips was represented by the American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado.
In August of 2015, the Colorado Court of Appeals sided with the Civil Rights Commission, prompting Phillips to file a petition for appeal with the state supreme court last October.
Bomb blast in Lahore today: Several people, including police officers, are feared dead.
Sixteen people died and at least 60 were injured when a suicide bomber had blown themselves up in Pakistan's Lahore, outside the gates of the assembly house of Punjab province. Three top police officers were among the deceased. Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah has confirmed that the blast was a suicide attack. They said alerts had been issued that terrorists might target Punjab Assembly building and the Governor's House on the Mall Road.Punjab Health Minister Khawaja Salman Rafique said the condition of at least 11 of the injured people is critical.Pakistani media reported that the blast took place early this evening on Mall Road, a busy locality, where a protest rally was being held by the city's chemists. Television footage showed a motorcyclist dragging their bike close to police officers and blow themselves up. The blast was so powerful that it was heard several kilometers from the place of occurrence.Lahore Traffic Police chief Captain Mobeen Ahmed, Senior Superintendent Police Lahore Zahid Gondal and Deputy Superintendent of Police Pervez Butt were among the deceased. There was heavy police presence in the area in view of the protest."The target was not the protest demonstration but the police officers," news agency Press Trust of India quoted a police officer as saying. The blast took place minutes after Mr Mobeen - who had survived an earlier attempt of their life in Balochistan -- arrived at the scene to negotiate with the protesters.Last year, a bombing had taken place in a public park of the city that killed nearly 70 people. (With inputs from agencies)
It may seem like an overstatement of the issue, but it is not. Even if ESPN fails at singlehandedly taking down the internet, the mechanisms it seeks to set in place most certainly will. Most troubling is that people will not even know it is a problem until it is too late to do anything about it. To borrow a phrase, “This is one doodle that can't be undone home skillet.”
ESPN has just launched the most insidious attack ever on your right to unrestricted internet access. Sure, internet access has never been free and lots of websites require payment to access premium features. ESPN however, has figured out that while asking 0.0001% of us to pay extra to access its premium features is good, forcing 100% of us to pay for these premium features, whether we like sports or not, is even better.
How will ESPN force you to pay for premium access you do not even want? The plan is to start charging your Internet Service Provider (ISP) for access. The ISP then spreads this increased cost on to you. So why is this bad?
The problem is that this will turn the internet into a glorified cable company. Instead of paying $40/mo for access to the entire internet, you get an à la carte bill straight from your ISP. Want access to ESPN? add another $10/month. Access to YouTube? add another $15/month. Google? Another $20/month. Cousin Billy's website showing pics of their drunken in-laws? Sorry, we no longer carry that, or any of the other tens of millions of websites that refuse to pay up.
This is a one way street to a very bad place. Once content providers successfully conspire with your ISP to destroy Network Neutrality, you will never ever have unrestricted access to the Internet again. Most importantly, the 80% or more of websites and blogs out there lacking the resources to pay your ISP to carry their content will see traffic drop to nothing and eventually disappear.
This “new” internet will be nothing more that a handful of 800lb gorillas vying for who can push the most commercials. I mean where else are you going to go? You unfortunately put all those commercial-free great content laden blogs out of business. Even the Justice Department has gotten into the game, siding with telephony and cable companies, like AT&T, Verizon and Comcast.
Thankfully President Obama has stated that signing a guarantee of Net Neutrality will be a priority during their first year in office. Although I am sure they have not forgotten, it may be worthwhile reminding him, and your congressional representatives of the importance of guaranteeing Net Neutrality.
Most importantly, let your ISP know how you feel about backroom deals to cram extra fees down your throat and cut off your access to 80% of the internet. If your ISP tries to couch these deals as free or low cost access plans, know that they will cost you, and everyone else, much much more in the end.
To find out more about what you can do to maintain fair and free access to internet, visit SaveTheInternet and the Open Internet Coalition. If you don't, don't say I didn't warn you. I would just write an I-told-you-so post but unfortunately, there would not be any way left for you to get to it.
Brett Trout
HT: Daniel Shipton
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 29, 2014, 7:47 PM GMT / Updated June 29, 2014, 11:53 PM GMT
Sunni insurgent group Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) declared themselves a caliphate and dropped "al-Sham" from their title, according to a statement delivered by their spokesperson.
Abu Muhammad al-Adnani said other jihadi factions — even those beyond Iraq and Syria — were rendered "invalid." They urged them to pledge allegiance to the newly named "Islamic State."
Sign up for breaking news alerts from NBC News
"If you forsake the State or wage war against it, you will not harm it. You will only harm yourselves,” al-Adnani said, according to the Search for International Terrorist Entities (SITE) monitoring service.
"Al-Sham" refers to the region that includes Syria, Jordan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories, but removing the reference to the region widens the former al-Qaeda affiliate's scope, experts said.
"After seizing control of multiple territories in Syria and Iraq, ISIS feels this is a golden opportunity to seize control of the helm of the global jihadi movement," said terrorism analyst, Laith Alkhouri.
"They are quite obviously elated with their recent successes, and it has given them the confidence that they can expand their campaign into the Arabian Peninsula, North Africa, and beyond," said Evan Kohlman, a terrorism consultant with Flashpoint Partners and an NBC counter-terrorism analyst.
The insurgents overran the Iraqi city of Mosul last month and, since then, have seized a swath of Iraqi cities and towns as they seemingly make a strategic advance toward the capital of Baghdad. They have also captured Syrian territory on the border with Iraq.
"Congratulations on this clear victory, congratulations on this great triumph ... Today the nations of kufr (unbelievers) in the west are terrified," al-Adnani said in their 34-minute speech.
The rebranding also opens doors for the "Islamic State" to garner more allies. Kohlman said regions like Libya, Egypt, and the Palestinian territories have their share of "ISIS-wannabes" who are eager to fight for the group.
"The Islamic State will bring together those who want unity," al-Adnani said in their speech. They warned supporters that they would be challenged and asked why they failed to work with other groups rather than trample them. "Whom would we consult? They never recognized the Islamic State to begin with ... Whom would we consult, and whom did we step over,” al-Adnani said.
"If you forsake the State or wage war against it, you will not harm it. You will only harm yourselves."
But Alkhouri said the terror group's effort — or demand — to unify the full scope of jihadi forces under their leadership has a history of backfiring. "Each time the group has tried to change its name in order to broaden its appeal, it has come under severe criticisms from other jihadi groups who are deeply suspicious of its motives and language," Alkhouri said.
The group has changed its name before to broaden its appeal — in 2007, they rebranded as the "Islamic State of Iraq." And within the past year, the group became the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham, hoping to expand its reach past Iraq and into Syria.
Alkhouri said the latest and most comprehensive name change "is simply the next logical rung on the ladder."
When Rosetta Watson, a black woman with disabilities living in Maplewood, Missouri, needed protection from an abusive ex-boyfriend, they did what they were supposed to do: They called the police. On four occasions between 2011 and 2012, they contacted local law enforcement, telling authorities that Robert Hennings hit, shoved and choked them
Watson wanted relief from the violence. But instead, according to a federal lawsuit the American Civil Liberties Union filed last week against Maplewood, they were evicted and forced to leave town for six months.
Under a local ordinance in the St. Louis suburb, more than two calls to the cops regarding domestic violence within 180 days qualifies as a “nuisance.” Individuals who violate the rule can be evicted and lose their occupancy permit ― which is required to live in the city ― for six months.
Maplewood's city manager, Martin Corcoran, did not immediately return a request for comment.
For Watson, the repercussions were severe: After they were booted from their home, they lost their Section 8 housing voucher. Without it, they couldn't find an affordable home and ended up on the streets for a period of time. They eventually moved to St. Louis. But when their ex-boyfriend abused them again ― this time stabbing them in the legs ― they were too frightened to call the cops and instead went to the hospital by herself. The hospital called police, Hennings was charged, pleaded guilty to domestic assault in the third degree, and was sentenced to incarceration. They died in 2013.
The lawsuit the ACLU filed on Watson's behalf claims that the Maplewood nuisance ordinance violates the First Amendment right to petition the government for assistance, as well as the rights to travel, equal protection and due process. It comes on the heels of two other ACLU lawsuits that challenged nuisance ordinances, including one in in Norristown, Pennsylvania, and one in Surprise, Arizona. Both were filed on behalf of domestic violence victims and resulted in the repeal of the local laws.
Sandra Park, senior staff attorney at the ACLU's Women's Rights Project, said she's seen similar ordinances in over 30 states. They can result in serious consequences for domestic violence victims and their families, they said.
“Violence and crime can escalate, because residents stop reporting to police, and perpetrators are empowered to act with impunity,” Park said. “Victims realize that reaching out to police will place them in more danger, not protect them.”
The ACLU's lawsuit details Watson's four calls to Maplewood police that served as the basis of their eviction.
On Sept. 24, 2011, they called the police after they said Hennings struck them in the face with a closed fist. They were arrested for assault in the third degree, and police took photos of their lip. Two months later, on Nov. 8, 2011, they called police again to say that they shoved them Hennings was arrested for assault in the third degree again. On Jan. 7, 2012, Watson told police they were afraid of them and wanted them to leave their home. Once police arrived, they did. On Feb. 22, 2012, they told police that Hennings was waiting at their home when they got there, and had refused to leave. They hit them and choked her, they said, and Hennings was arrested for domestic assault in the third degree once more.
A revocation order the city issued to Watson on April 10, 2012 stated that their repeated calls about domestic violence had put Maplewood police officers at risk, and they were ordered to vacate the premises by May 30 of that year.
But because of the city's decision to force them from their home, Watson was the one who was most endangered, suggested Erika Sussman, the executive director of the Center for Survivor Agency and Justice.
“Nuisance laws undermine critical housing protections for survivors, placing them in the dangerous predicament of having to choose between enduring physical abuse on the one hand or facing eviction and homelessness of themselves and their children on the other,” Sussman said, pointing to a recent report their organization authored on economic security for survivors. “Such consequences are particularly acute for survivors of color and other marginalized communities.”
Domestic violence is the third leading cause of homelessness for families nationwide, according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Last week, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) reintroduced a bill that would establish a nationwide standard that victims of domestic violence and sexual assault can't be evicted or denied access to housing solely for being victims of those crimes.
While no one is immune from domestic violence, Sussman said, women living in poverty ― with annual incomes of less than $25,000 ― are nearly twice as likely to experience abuse and face significant financial barriers to safely leaving the relationship.
After Watson was evicted, their lawsuit alleges, they were afraid to call police even after suffering a brutal physical attack and has “severe and ongoing emotional suffering and mental anguish.”
In a statement, Watson said they wanted to make sure other women did not suffer like they did.
“I thought calling 911 would help me stop the domestic violence, but instead Maplewood punished me,” they said in a statement. “I lost my home, my community, and my faith in police to provide protection.”
______
Melissa Jeltsen covers domestic violence and issues related to women's health, safety and security. Tips? Feedback? Send an email or follow them on Twitter.
______
Related stories:
Freelance writer Kenji Ayase was 25 when they moved back in with their parents after finding they couldn't afford to live on their own. They tried, but found within a year that it just wasn't paying off.
After seven years, the Tokyo resident's annual income remains around ¥2 million, the threshold of the so-called working poor. At 32, they remain single.
Nonetheless, Ayase (not their real name) says they consider themselves lucky compared with other economically challenged young adults who are unable to move out.
“Unlike many others in my situation, I have a pretty good relationship with my parents,” they said, adding that their parents, both in their 60s, are self-employed and likely to be able to maintain their current income level as long as they stay healthy.
“But if you're not on good terms with your parents, chances are you may fall out with them and have to leave their home even though doing so means becoming homeless overnight.”
Ayase is among tens of thousands of workers who have no choice but to live with their parents.
As the economy worsened after the implosion of the bubble economy in the early 1990s, companies increased their ranks of nonregular workers, taking on temps and part-timers to cut costs.
Because the economy remained stagnant, many of these workers became stuck as nonregulars, making it difficult to gain financial independence.
To many, living with their parents remains an undesirable but unavoidable part of preventing homelessness.
Critics say the government should help such people stand on their own two feet by making housing subsidies and low-rent public housing available. Policies like these are essential if the nation is to combat poverty among the younger generations, they say.
A survey by the Japanese arm of the homeless charity Big Issue Foundation says 77 percent of the nation's low-income unmarried youths live with their parents mainly for financial reasons.
The survey of 1,767 nonmarried individuals 20 to 39 with annual incomes below ¥2 million found that many respondents were either jobless or employed on a nonregular basis, including as part-timers, day laborers or temporary workers.
“The result shows that for many low-income youths today, trying to live independently such as by renting an apartment is a risky act that could lead to homelessness,” said Tsuyoshi Inaba, co-founder of independent homeless support agency Moyai. “To avoid such a risk, they choose to stay at their parents' places.”
But living with parents can be so stressful it could lead to the development of a serious mental illness.
Take Takashi Sato, not their real name, a 37-year-old company employee in Tokyo. Having lived with their prying and overbearing parents their whole life, Sato describes it as “nerve-wracking” to be around them.
Sato says their parents are so obsessed with keeping tabs on the minutest details of their daily life that at one point they stopped socializing altogether to cease their questioning. Even taking a day off from work is no easy task, they say, because it would trigger a relentless torrent of questions on why they needed to take one.
“If I were to tell them I don't need a dinner one certain night, I'd need to explain why. If I came back home late, they would ask me what I was doing. It feels like I'm under their constant surveillance,” they said. “You may think it's a small thing to fuss about, but it really wears me out.”
Despite such annoyances and an annual salary close to ¥4 million, Sato says they balk at living alone because at age 37, they think it's too late to start a new life.
The experience of a 33-year-old single jobless woman living off welfare benefits in Saitama Prefecture, agrees with this. They said being under control of their overly strict parents caused them an anxiety disorder.
But now that they live alone, “my condition has gotten better,” they said.
Tales of strained filial relationships and nervous breakdowns are common among many young adults living with their parents, says Saitama-based social worker and antipoverty activist Takanori Fujita.
“Youths who want to move out of their parents' homes but can't are understandably frustrated. As a result, many of them suffer from a variety of mental disorders and some even become violent toward their families,” they said at a symposium in Tokyo in February.
Fujita also said the increase in economically dependent youths could slow the nation's dwindling birthrate further because living with parents often interferes with their pursuit of romance and marriage.
The Big Issue survey found that nearly 80 percent of those living with their parents are pessimistic about their prospects for marriage, with some convinced they are “incapable” of getting married and others content to remain single.
Sato, for one, at 37, agrees that living with their parents makes it difficult to find a girlfriend. Potential partners found with a matchmaking agency gave them the cold shoulder the moment they learned they were living at home — which they seem to take as a sign that they are either a slacker sponging off their parents or weirdly intimate with them, they said.
Japan lags behind other industrialized nations in helping its impoverished youths become independent, said Yosuke Hirayama, a professor of housing policy studies in Kobe University who played a lead role in the Big Issue survey.
“The thing about Japan's housing policy is that it only caters to middle-income families, while there is almost nothing to help low-income young adults make a living by themselves,” they said.
For example, Japan is one of the few OECD countries where the central government doesn't offer the poor housing benefits, they said. Furthermore, studies show that compared with such Western countries as the U.K., France, Netherlands and Sweden, the availability of public housing in Japan is abysmally low, they said.
To top it off, young singles used to be screened out when applying for public housing. This changed when the law was revised in 2011, but in practice some local municipalities still adhere to the old policies and eject singletons during the application process. Those who get priority are those deemed to have dire need, such as the elderly, disabled, crime victims and people fleeing abusive spouses.
Hirayama explains that the government's lack of aid toward young singles has been based on the premise that they are well paid and don't need benefits.
When the economy was booming, it was easy for university graduates to get a full-time job. Under the seniority system, their salary would basically increase automatically every year and marriage would be viable. Sooner or later, they would create another middle-income household.
Now that economic growth has plateaued, Hirayama says such life cycles have become a thing of the past, with an estimated 36.6 percent of those under 35 now plagued by hiseiki, or irregular employment.
“Parental homes can't remain their safety net indefinitely,” Inaba from Moyai said.
“As the parents get older, their economic situation will become tougher and there eventually comes a time when they can no longer afford to accommodate their adult children. The government needs to reform its housing policies drastically so the young can become more self-sufficient.”
Health insurers such as America's Health Insurance Plans are expected to play a big role in messaging this November. New business plan: crushing Dems
Democrats may be going out of their way to say they aren't anti-business, but business is gearing up to demonstrate that it's anti-Democrats — at least when it comes to members of the party's liberal wing.
The latest blatant signs of hostility come from coal executives who are considering starting up their own political operation to work against candidates they deem unfriendly to their interests. Their first three targets are all Democrats.
Story Continued Below
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has already vowed to invest $75 million in the mid-term elections. And health insurers are also planning to play big in November, although the specifics remain in flux. Both groups are hedging their bets by aligning themselves with some moderate or conservative Democrats in case Republicans don't win control of Congress.
Both America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) and its Coalition for Medicare Choices are expected to play a major role in the messaging, along with individual companies. But neither group, according to sources, plans to directly attack Democrats, which would risk infuriating the White House as it writes reform regulations as well as the Blue Dog Democrats who opposed the legislation. But the negative messages could still create headaches this fall for health care supporters.
For instance, districts with large populations of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage will likely be inundated with ads explaining it was health reform – not insurers – that is responsible for their higher bills and slashed benefits, one industry official said.
Robert Zirkelbach, a spokesperson for the industry trade group AHIP, wouldn't discuss the organization's political battle plan except to say, “We are going to continue to talk about the need to address skyrocketing medical costs and the significant impact that Medicare Advantage cuts will continue to have on the 11 million seniors in the program.”
A handful of large insurance companies are considering a separate campaign aimed at building long-term relationships with Democrats, including those who bucked their party leadership on reform or who stood by the insurance industry on other issues.
“They understand and recognize that it's not a partisan effort, that they need to play in the middle on both sides of the aisle,” one source familiar with the discussions said.
The decision to operate independently of AHIP “reflects the fact they want a streamlined process, regardless of cost, without dealing with ankle biters,” the same source noted.
When AHIP President Karen Ignagni was asked about the potential for a breakaway group, they said: “I generally make it a policy not to comment on palace intrigue.”
Bill Miller, the chamber's political director, has a simple explanation for why it is mobilizing.
About “The Beautiful & Damned”
Released on December 15, 2017, The Beautiful & Damned is G-Eazy's third studio album.
The album's title is the same as F. Scott Fitzgerald's second novel, which follows a young and affluent couple as they navigate New York nightlife in the 1920s. Gerald compared the novel to the themes of the album in an interview with Entertainment Weekly:
It [was published] in the ‘20s and was this time of overindulgence—going out too much, drinking too much. Ultimately [the characters] had to deal with the mess they made the night before the morning after. That's mirroring my lifestyle: G-Eazy lives this crazy, over-the-top lifestyle without consequence, and Gerald is left to clean up their mess every morning.
It was announced on June 14th, 2017 during ComplexCon 2017 that the album would be released on the last Friday of the “fall”, December 15th, 2017.
The title has been teased as far back as July 2016.
Fans can submit prospective team names online at www.orlandomagic.com/lakeland from Jan. 9-20.
Remember the Blue Ducks?
Lakeland's last professional basketball team, the Blue Ducks played at The Lakeland Center as a part of the United States Basketball League. They were owned by former boxing champion Roy Jones Jr., who just so happened to also be the team's starting point guard.
They lasted a year, and when basketball season ended so went the Blue Ducks.
But basketball is back in Lakeland — this time, in a much more stable position — and fans will have an opportunity to help name the Orlando Magic's new minor league affiliate.
Currently the Lakeland NBA Developmental League Team, the Magic announced a ‘Name the Team' contest on Monday.
Fans can submit prospective team names online at www.orlandomagic.com/lakeland from Jan. 9-20. The Magic will then select the winner from the fan-submitted ideas.
“We are excited to give fans an opportunity to play a part in deciding the nickname of the team and look forward to reviewing the submissions,” said Joel Glass, the Magic's chief communications officer.
Online naming contests have produced some unusual results in the past.
Boaty McBoatface, a name suggested facetiously for a British research ship last year, went from harmless joke to overwhelming favorite in a vote to name the vessel. The results were not taken, and the boat is now called the R.R.S. Sir David Attenborough.
The final stamp of approval belongs to the Magic, so even if Swanny McLakeland Face somehow fills the online suggestion box, the team can veto it for a more appropriate name.
Southeastern head basketball coach R-Jay Barsh, one of the bigger basketball fans you'll find, can't wait for the team to get rolling. Born just outside Seattle in Tacoma, Wash., Barsh spent time earlier in their early career working with some current NBA players from the Seattle area.
They also saw their team — the SuperSonics — leave Seattle for Oklahoma City in 2008.
“I think it's a great thing for the community,” Barsh said. “I remember growing up and having the Sonics. You love the Sonics and you don't realize how much you love them till they're gone. The impact it makes on the local community to have a pro sports team goes a long way.”
Barsh said this is the best time to bring professional basketball to Lakeland because of the success we've seen at the small college and high school levels.
Their Southeastern men made the NAIA Fab Four in 2014 and Warner made the Elite Eight last season. Bartow made it to The Lakeland Center in 2013 and 2014. And, of course, the Florida Southern men won the NCAA Division II title in 2015. Basketball has been pretty good to Polk County recently.
So, what name would Barsh submit?
“Lakeland Aviators,” they said.
Hey, it's better than the Blue Ducks.
— Brady Fredericksen can be reached at brady.fredericksen@theledger.com or 863-802-7553. Follow them on Twitter: @Brady_Fred.
President Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey has created a political firestorm unlike any Washington has seen in years. But key questions about how it was done — and why — remain unanswered, as administration officials and even the president offered different explanations.
Here are some of the major questions on the table.
1) Why was Comey fired?
“He was not doing a good job. Very simple, they were not doing a good job.” That's what Trump told reporters today during a photo op at the White House, while sitting next to Henry Kissinger.
But that was not the explanation spelled out in the memo from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein that was cited by the White House on Tuesday as among the reasons for their immediate dismissal. Instead, Rosenstein focused on two separate actions by Comey last year: the FBI director's public press statement wrapping up the Hillary Clinton email investigation (during which they editorialized that Clinton's use of a private server was “extremely careless”) and their Oct. 28 letter informing Congress that the FBI was revisiting the issue based on the discovery of Clinton emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop.
Rosenstein concluded that those actions violated longstanding Justice Department practices and that “the FBI is unlikely to regain public and congressional trust until it has a Director who understands the gravity of the mistakes and pledges never to repeat them.” Rosenstein said nothing about Comey's overall competence as FBI director or how they have been doing their job. In their briefing Wednesday, deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders went beyond the White House's Tuesday announcement, acknowledging that there were “many” other factors that went into the president's decision, including their handling of leak investigations that the White House had requested. They also said the president had “lost confidence” in Comey over a period of “several months.” Huckabee Sanders added: “He had essentially taken a stick of dynamite and thrown it into the Department of Justice by going around the chain of command.”
President Trump speaks to reporters after meeting Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at the White House. (Photo: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters) More
2) What was the rush?
Rosenstein's memo, a letter from Attorney General Jeff Sessions to Trump endorsing Rosenstein's recommendation and Trump's termination letter to Comey are all dated the same day, May 9. That seems like lightning speed for a decision of their magnitude. Sanders indicated Wednesday that Rosenstein and Sessions had actually been to the White House the day before, May 8, on other matters — and “they asked to see the president” so they could pass along their conclusions about Comey. The president then asked for it to be put in writing, they said.
Still, the factors cited by Rosenstein had been known for months, and Comey's Oct. 28 letter was publicly praised by then-candidate Trump and then-Sen. Sessions at the time. (Sessions said on Fox Business that Comey had “no choice” but to write the letter.) Moreover, Comey's conduct is the subject of an ongoing investigation by the Justice Department's inspector general that is nowhere close to reaching any findings. Why the White House did not wait for the inspector general's review to be completed is unclear; at a minimum, had Inspector General Michael Horowitz criticized Comey's conduct and recommended disciplinary action, it could have given Trump institutional cover to fire him.
3) What did the Russia investigation have to do with it?
This question looms over the entire controversy. Comey publicly confirmed on March 20 that, since last July, the FBI had been conducting a counterintelligence investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election, including whether there was any collusion between the Kremlin and members of the Trump campaign.
Home plate umpire Rob Drake ejects Bryce Harper (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
PHOENIX — The complexion of Wednesday's game changed drastically in the seventh inning. With a 2-2 count and two outs in a tie game, Bryce Harper swung at a slider far outside from left-handed reliever Oliver Perez. Whether Harper checked their swing or actually swung can be debated — although on replays it looked like they went a tad too far — but that's beside the point.
Home plate umpire Rob Drake called Harper out on strikes instantly after the disputed swing. Normally, the home plate umpire appeals to the first or third base umpire for help. The third base umpire has a better view of Harper's swing and makes the call. That there was no appeal, however, angered Harper, as did their exchange with the umpire. It all happened quickly, but Harper got in Drake's face, shouted and was soon kicked out of the game.
“I check swung,” they said. “I really think they need to check that, especially in that situation. It was so quick that I really believe they need to check that. I really think every call like that needs to be checked. I think there are a lot of guys in this league that think the same thing I'm thinking.”
Harper said they told the Drake: “‘You're gonna have to check it.' They said, ‘You're really gonna act like that?' I didn't like that comment from him. I don't like getting talked down to by an umpire. I respect the umpires as much as I can but to tell me I'm going to act like that I gave them a piece of my mind.”
Asked if they should have controlled their emotions in a tie game, Harper stuck firmly to their argument. They truly believed Drake was wrong in not appealing and they needed to stand up for himself. Oddly enough, Drake appealed to the first and third base umpires on close calls the rest of the game.
“That's another pitch I can see,” Harper said. “If the guy at third base bangs me, I'm going to walk back to the dugout and whatever. But I'm standing there and they call it immediately. He's not checking. I really believe they need to check that. I could possibly get another pitch and see another pitch in the zone and I didn't get that.”
Once Manager Matt Williams saw Harper's reaction, they ran out of the dugout. Williams could do little to help — Harper was tossed from the game before Williams did anything — but they needed to stand up for Harper, or at least try to.
“After the fact, I'm going out there to protect Bryce,” Williams said. “If they get kicked out of the game, they get kicked out but nothing further than that. … If [Drake] calls [for an appeal], generally there's no argument there.”
But Williams wasn't thrilled that Harper got themselves tossed from the tie game. Williams argued with Drake and was soon kicked out of the game himself. But in the top of the ninth inning with the bases loaded and one out, Harper's spot came up. Their replacement, Michael A. Taylor, hit a huge go-ahead grand slam but, really, it should have been Harper batting in in their own spot.
Harper is the best player on the team and the most dangerous hitter. It is okay to show emotion and sticking to your beliefs is good — Drake should have appealed to third base umpire Gabe Morales –but Harper should find a way to stay in the game when their team needs him.
“He's a valuable part of our team,” Williams said.
Wednesday's ejection was Williams's third as a manager and only Harper's fourth, and their first since July 2013.
“He's been real good all season,” Williams said of Harper. “He's passionate. But he's been really good all season about it but today it went over.”
Taylor — as Jayson Werth later said, got Harper off the hook — when they smashed a grand slam and powered the Nationals to a 9-6 victory. Harper wanted to be in that position themselves in the ninth inning but their emotions cost them that chance.
“Of course I want to be up there in that situation but Mike, in that situation, I guess I owe them a steak dinner,” Harper said. “He did what they did up there to get that W. Tipping my cap to Mikey and I'm glad they came through for us.”
IN THE POST
Bryce Harper should have been batting in the top of the ninth. But because of their ejection, Michael A. Taylor filled in and provided a grand slam in a wild 9-6 win.
IN THE JOURNAL
How does Stephen Strasburg overcome their career-worst slump?
Clint Robinson becomes first Nationals position player to pitch in a game
NATIONALS MINOR LEAGUES
Gwinnett 2, Syracuse 1: Taylor Jordan gave up only one run on six hits over eight strong innings. They walked none and struck out four. Their ERA is down to 2.45. Eric Fornataro allowed a run and took the loss. Ian Stewart went 2 for 5.
Harrisburg 4, Reading 3: Brian Rauh allowed one run on four hits over six innings. Abel de los Santos and Brian Dupra fired scoreless innings. Kevin Keyes went 3 for 4 with a two-run homer.
Wilmington 3, Potomac 2: Nick Pivetta gave up two runs, one earned, over six innings. Jake Johansen allowed one over 3 1/3 innings of relief. Isaac Ballou went 2 for 4.
Hagerstown was off
Legislator Looking To Force Government Agencies To Release FOIAed Documents In Their Original Formats
from the I-asked-for-data,-not-a-useless-sheet-of-paper dept
This is an important step forward for (forced) government transparency. A Colorado legislator is introducing a bill that would require government agencies to stop paying lip service to transparency with their purposefully-hobbled FOIA responses. Arthur Kane at Watchdog.org has the details.
A state senator plans legislation next session requiring that electronic databases be released in the same format as governments are keeping them. This comes after open records advocates asked why some government agencies are making their records less transparent.
Denver and other governments often provide databases and spreadsheets in locked PDF formats, even when the records are maintained in Microsoft Excel, Access or other formats, which make them easier to sort and analyze.
State Sen. John Kefalas, D-Fort Collins, met with members of the Colorado Freedom of Information Coalition last month. They said they expect to have language this week to file an early bill.
[C]ity attorneys say case law doesn't allow the requester to choose the format of the records.
Hopefully, their proposal will become law. This sort of FOIA reform is needed instate, as well as at the federal level.Documents released by the NSA and FBI are often delivered in unsearchable PDFs , made from what look like 7th-generation copies created by a faulty mimeograph and forced through a malfunctioning scanner during an earthquake. This makes it much harder for researchers, journalists and activists to perform keyword searches of released documents, much less accurately track redaction inconsistencies or evolving legal arguments. This is deliberate.This legislation would also prevent people like Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis from waving a white flag in the face of technology and claiming they have no choice but to convert emails to hard copy (and charge duplication fees).Government agencies shouldn't be format shifting responsive documents. Sure, some of this can be chalked up to ignorance. But a lot more can be chalked up to deliberate efforts to make responsive documents as useless as possible for requesters. Watchdog requested staff salaries and contract info from the city of Denver and got printouts of the spreadsheets in PDF form. Sure, it got the data it wanted, but with none of the usefulness of the original document in its original format.Unbelievably, government agencies that have refused to provide databases, spreadsheets, etc. to FOIA requesters claim these actions are taken to "maintain the integrity of the data." Really? Are they sending requesters the only copy of the data? Are they somehow convinced the release of a database or spreadsheet would corrupt the data stored on their local drives? This excuse makes no sense.I'm guessing it's supposed to mean that anyone can alter a spreadsheet after receiving it in response to a FOIA request and make itas though it states something the original actually doesn't. But that could easily be solved by posting the same document in its original format at the agency's website. That way anyone can verify the accuracy of FOIAed documents posted elsewhere by private parties.As for the other excuse given, Kefalas' proposed legislation is the rebuttal.If everything goes as planned, the city will have to give up its reliance on case law and follow thelaw.
Filed Under: colorado, electronic documents, foia, format, john kefalas, readable
LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Fire forced guests and staff to evacuate the 3,000-room Monte Carlo Resort & Casino in Las Vegas on Friday, quickly engulfing parts of the upper floors, facade and roof before being brought under control.
A firefighter battles the flames as smoke billows from the top of the Monte Carlo hotel and casino in Las Vegas, Nevada January 25, 2008. A fire broke out on the top floors of the 3,000-room Las Vegas hotel and Casino on Friday, forcing the evacuation of guests and staff and quickly engulfing parts of the building's facade and roof. REUTERS/Jerry Gallegos/IIA Photography
There were no serious injuries in the blaze, first reported at about 11 a.m. (2 p.m. EST) in the south tower of the huge hotel complex on the Vegas strip, but a dozen people were treated for smoke inhalation, authorities said.
The Monte Carlo — owned by MGM Mirage, the world's second-largest casino operator — was quickly evacuated and the strip was shut down in both directions, jamming traffic back onto Interstate-15 as embers and debris fell into the street.
Television images showed flames sweeping across the 35-story hotel's white and black facade, with dark smoke belching into the sky as fire crews scaled ladders.
The blaze was contained and largely extinguished in about an hour but authorities said the hotel and casino would remain closed until they were fully inspected.
Local media reports said the fire may have started on the hotel's roof, where welders were working, but authorities said the cause had not been determined and was under investigation.
The fire burned “just on the upper couple of floors” and the damage may be just to the exterior of the building, said Gordon Absher, a spokesperson for MGM Mirage.
“We've been going door to door. All of our emergency procedures are working,” Absher said of the evacuation, adding that some guests were being relocated to other MGM properties in the area, including the New York-New York and MGM Grand.
A fire in November 1980 at one of MGM's more famous properties, the MGM Grand, claimed more than 80 lives and injured nearly 700 people.
MGM owns several luxury hotels in Las Vegas, including the Bellagio.
The Monte Carlo, which opened in 1996, was built at a cost of more than $300 million and modeled after the Place du Casino in Monte Carlo.
Amenities include a grand lobby, spa and fitness facilities, shopping mall and 21,000-square-foot (1,950-square-metre) pool area with a tropical theme.
Mobile apps and consumers' expectations of privacy are not always in sync. But now the government is on the case. The US National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), part of the Commerce Department, has finished working on the first version of a voluntary national "privacy code of conduct" for mobile apps. The NTIA has been working on the code of conduct for over a year, and written (and rewritten) numerous drafts, trying to balance the input of industry players including AT&T and the Internet Commerce Coalition (which represents AOL and Ebay among others), with privacy groups, such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union. But now, it has finally managed to come up with a draft that it says should satisfy all sides, while also helping protect consumer privacy.
"We encourage all the companies that participated in the discussion to move forward ..."
The code of conduct is again, strictly voluntary and not enforced under any laws, so it's up to app developers and ecosystems to adopt it at their will. But the NTIA is hopeful that they will in short order. "We encourage all the companies that participated in the discussion to move forward to test the code with their consumers," said NTIA Administrator Lawrence E. Strickling in a statement published online last night, just after the agency voted in favor of the latest draft. Major app stores including Google's and Apple's haven't said they will implement it yet, though.
Of course, numerous apps and app ecosystems already have their own privacy policies, which few of us actually take the time to read, so what good will a national one do? Actually, the NTIA recognizes this problem, and part of its main objective with this code is to provide a simpler solution. The NTIA's main innovation is something it calls a "short notice," which it wants app makers to provide for all users prior to download or purchase. Here's an example of what it would look like on a smartphone screen, courtesy the ACLU:
The NTIA says the short notice should contain four main pieces of information for consumers: 1.) the types of data the app collects from users and transmits off the device, 2.) where to find the longer privacy policy, 3.) what third-party companies or organizations the app shares user data with and, 4.) the actual company responsible for each app. The government says in all the above cases, "data collection" occurs "only if transmitted off of the device," so apps that store user data locally without backing it up to be server would be exempt from the code.
As far as specific types of data collected, the NTIA's code of conduct says there are eight different categories that app makers should tell users about, if applicable: biometric information, browser history, phone or text logs (meaning the phone calls and texts sent or received), financial information, health information, location, and "used files," which the government defines as "files stored on the device that contain your content, such as calendar, photos, text, or video." It's unclear for now just which companies if any will begin implementing the code, and if any changes will be immediately visible to consumers, but for now at least, the ACLU and Online Publisher's Association, which includes many major media companies, are applauding the move. Read the full finalized NTIA app privacy code of conduct on the organizations' website, and see the previous drafts here (scroll down).
Brian Lara is among the 21 names to attract a reserve price of US$400,000 © Zimbabwe Cricket
Brian Lara might not have played active cricket for four years but they are one of the 21 names to attract the highest reserve price of $400,000 ahead of the IPL players' auction, to be held in Bangalore on January 8 and 9. Alongside Lara, in the same bracket, are the former Australian wicketkeeper Adam Gilchrist, the Indian trio of Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid, Yuvraj Singh and IPL first-timers Stuart Broad, James Anderson, Graeme Swann, Michael Yardy and Luke Wright, all part of England's 2010 World Twenty20 winning side.
Brett Lee, Shaun Marsh and Mahela Jayawardene, who all played for Kings XI Punjab, will also enter the auction at the highest base price. They will be joined by other prominent IPL names such as Daniel Vettori, Brendon McCullum, Ross Taylor, Graeme Smith, AB de Villiers, Tillakaratne Dilshan and Chris Gayle.
Players valued at a reserve price of $400,000 Adam Gilchrist, Brett Lee, Shaun Marsh, James Anderson, Kevin Pietersen, Stuart Broad, Graeme Swann, Luke Wright, Michael Yardy, Rahul Dravid, Anil Kumble, Yuvraj Singh, Daniel Vettori, Brendon McCullum, Ross Taylor, Graeme Smith, AB de Villiers, Mahela Jayawardene, Tillakaratne Dilshan, Brian Lara, Chris Gayle
Almost as interesting as the names who have made it to the auction list of 416, are the players who haven't. The most notable absentees - in addition to Pakistan's cricketers, who continue to get the IPL cold shoulder - are some of Australia's biggest current players: Ricky Ponting, Michael Clarke and Mitchell Johnson. Andrew Flintoff, who became the most expensive buy in the IPL when Chennai Super Kings signed them for $1.55 million ahead of the second season, has been left out too. Flintoff had retired from professional cricket last September. Also missing from the 2011 pool is the retired Australian pair of Matthew Hayden and Glenn McGrath, who played in the previous editions of the IPL after ending their careers.
Jacques Kallis and Muttiah Muralitharan, who featured significantly for Royal Challengers Bangalore and Chennai in the first three seasons, find themselves in the $300,000 bracket. Zaheer Khan and Yusuf Pathan are the big Indian names in that list, which also includes Andrew Symonds, Shaun Tait, Kumar Sangakkara, and Angelo Mathews.
Sourav Ganguly, who was Kolkata Knight Riders' 'icon' in the first three seasons, has been relegated to the third band of players whose base price is $200,000. Gautam Gambhir, who led Delhi in 2010, and the Australian pair of Michael Hussey and Doug Bollinger, who played crucial roles in Chennai's victorious IPL and Champions League campaigns in 2010, are also in that bracket, along with Dirk Nannes, Eoin Morgan, Robin Uthappa and Sanath Jayasuriya. Eighty-seven players are at the next level - a base price of $100,000 - the biggest names being Tamim Iqbal, R Ashwin, Morne Morkel and Ben Hilfenhaus.
Previous IPL auctions have shown that base prices are not indicative of the final amount for which the franchise will buy the player. For example, at the first auction in 2008, Ishant Sharma was listed at $150,000 but was bought by Kolkata at $950,000, while Hayden was listed at $250,000 and was bought by Chennai at $375,000. "With the requirement of each franchise minimal, virtually more than half of these players in the auction list will not attract any attention," an IPL official said.
Only 12 players were retained by their teams ahead of the auction, with three of the eight existing franchises - Punjab, Deccan Chargers and Kolkata - choosing to release all their players into the auction pool. As a result, those three franchises will have the entire complement of $9 million at their disposal for the auction, while the other teams will begin the auctions with purses reduced in accordance to the number of players they retained. Chennai and Mumbai, who retained the maximum allowed four players each, will go into the auction with only $4.5 million to spend.
The season is set to go ahead with 10 teams and 74 matches as originally planned, since the BCCI is not likely to move the Supreme Court after it lost High Court appeals against the stay orders granted to the termination of Punjab and Rajasthan. The auction plan sets at rest speculation that the auction would be delayed by the various court cases the IPL is currently fighting.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
It's only September and we already have a winner for the skeeziest political ad of the 2014 election! As you may recall, Representative Vance McAllister of Louisiana went from being known as the member of congress who brought the Duck Dynasty guy to the State of the Union, to the “kissing member of congress” earlier this year when they were caught on tape making out with a staffer (who happened to be the wife of their childhood friend). McAllister has decided to run for reelection anyway, and on Tuesday they released an ad that attempts to move past the scandal by having their wife explain why she's lucky to have him.
“A man's character is based on how many times they get back up and stands again,” says their wife, Kelly McAllister, adding that they feel “blessed to have a husband who owns up to their mistakes, never gives up, always fighting for the good people of Louisiana.” As for the member of congress, he's “blessed with a great family and wonderful Christian wife.” At least voters don't have to wonder if McAllister will eventually do something that makes their skin crawl?
Theories may be removed if ... Stated as questions or possibilities (avoid question marks, "Maybe", "I think", etc). More appropriate for another article. Illogical or previously disproven. Proven by canon source, and moved to main article. Speculative and lacking any evidence to support arguments. Responding to another theory (use discussion page instead). This does not include responses that can stand alone as its own theory.
Usage of an indented bullet does not imply the statement is a response. See the Lostpedia theory policy for more details.
Contents show]
Accent
While both their parents have British accents, Daniel has an American accent because they were raised in America (possibly Massachusetts); they only studied in England. After being booted out of Oxford, they returned to their home, where they began living with a caretaker. Also, only one parent raised them (Eloise) and since they didn't seem to be around much, the influence of their accent on Daniel would be weakened even more.
Being raised in the U.S. would have influenced Daniel's accent more than that of their mother. The seminal work on this phenomenon (William Labov, Sociolinguistic Patterns , Univ. of Pennsylvania Press, 1973) details research that demonstrates that as children leave home for school, they are more influenced by the linguistic patterns of their peers than of their parents. The reason Eloise would have raised Daniel in America and not England would have been their estrangement from Charles Widmore; since they and Penny were in England, Eloise would have wanted to be as far away from them as possible. Widmore was forced off the island at some point after the Purge, when they were much older. So they were not living permanently in England until Daniel was in their late teens or early 20s.
, Univ. of Pennsylvania Press, 1973) details research that demonstrates that as children leave home for school, they are more influenced by the linguistic patterns of their peers than of their parents. Faraday was raised in America, but Eloise wasn't the one who raised him. As they were raised in America, possibly in the Northeastern United States (Massachusetts, New York, Maine, Vermont, etc) they picked up an American accent. Given that Faraday could shift through time, they at some unkown point, shifted to an earlier point in time, and learnt to play Fantaisie-Impromptu in C Sharp and use it as some sort of memory aid. Eloise could have raised him. Children born of immigrant parents with accents do not develop accents themselves (although they can usually do excellent impressions of their parents' accents). Faraday has no sign of an accent from the Northeast. Jeremy Davies was born in Michigan and grew up in Kansas and California. It is possible to detect the origin of some of the actors if you are skilled in linguistics. Terry O'Quinn (Locke) is clearly from the Midwest even though Locke grew up in California, Evangeline Lilly's Canadian accent faintly comes through at certain points, and Ken Leung screws up their line in "Some Like It Hoth" when they say they were waiting "online" at the cafeteria instead of "in line," something nobody their age from Encino would ever say.
Where the name Faraday came from
The name "Faraday" did not come from their mother, Ms. Hawking, or their father, Mr. Widmore. However, Ms. Hawking named their son after the person they shot in the jungle; they would have presumably checked their wallet and ID after they died. Thus, Daniel Faraday was the first person to be named after himself. Eloise gave Daniel the Faraday surname, because they heard Sayid calling them that in 1977. It was crucial for Dan's destiny.
Eloise Hawking married a man named Faraday after leaving the Island and both mother and son took their name. After splitting with him, Eloise reverted back to Hawking whilst Daniel kept Faraday.
Eloise didn't want Daniel to know their father was Widmore, due to their infidelity when they were together and that they are a powerful and dangerous man. They likely made up a story and a last name to keep Daniel from knowing the true identity of their father. We won't find out why their last name is Faraday though, as it isn't really important to the story.
Eloise's full name as of the 1977 events in " Follow the Leader " is "Eloise Faraday." Sometime after " Follow the Leader ", Eloise leaves the Island and gives birth to Daniel, giving them the name Daniel Faraday. Some time later, they marry a man with the last name "Hawking," making them "Eloise Hawking."
" is "Eloise Faraday." Sometime after " ", Eloise leaves the Island and gives birth to Daniel, giving them the name Daniel Faraday. Some time later, they marry a man with the last name "Hawking," making their "Eloise Hawking." Eloise changed their name and told them that it was their father's name who had passed away.
After Eloise killed Daniel, they read through their journal and saw that their notes on time travel, the Jughead and whatever else they had in there and realized that their breakthroughs in science would be vital to the events taking place on the island. They pushed Daniel toward 100% devotion to science their entire life (no time for music or relationships), so when they were born, they named them Faraday (after the famous Physicist Michael Faraday) to further push them toward a life of science.
Their journal
We know that much of the information in their journal is unclear to us how it got there. We also know that Daniel tested their invention on themselves and that experiment created their memory loss. Now that Daniel is dead, this is the only event we know about that could have caused them to gather information for their journal that they hadn't experienced in the present. This testing caused them to travel in time (either physically, or just their mind) and traveling is when they gathered all the information we see in their journal. We know that the test on Theresa caused them to go into a coma, leading us to believe that only their mind was traveling in time. Their mind would have had to travel forward in time (unlike Desmond), and after each flash, they wrote the experience in the journal that their mother gave them after they graduated from Oxford.
The journal is new when it's given to Daniel as a graduation gift. After receiving the journal, Daniel begins their research with Eloise the rat. A good scientist writes down all scientific observations in a notebook or journal. They send Eloise the rat's mind to the future briefly, and they know how to run the maze. Then they start experimenting on himself. They send their mind to the future on the Island (DHARMA time) and writes their observations in their journal. They do this many times, and has a journal full of bits and pieces from the future on the island. They experiment on themselves too many times and fries their memory. Daniel says their journal contains "everything he's learned about the DHARMA Initiative." They had this information before they came to the Island on the freighter. (See their notations about The Orchid in Season 4 as an example.) That means they must have traveled there previously, sending themselves back in time during their experiments. How else would they know that the Incident was about to occur that afternoon? It doesn't appear that Eloise gives Dan the journal with the notes. They give them a blank journal that they proceed to fill with notes about the DHARMA Initiative as they conduct their experiments, but they forget what they have learned and must continually refer to the journal for guidance.
Eloise takes the journal from Daniel after they shoot him. They use the journal to know what is going to happen from the day Daniel graduates to the day they send them back to the Island to die. They do take their journal after their death, but does not give them it back as their graduation present. They buy them a new book that would become this journal as they do their experiments. It's like a self-fulfilling prophecy; Eloise gave them the journal, and the information they recorded in it led them to the Island and their death. Their death led Eloise to take the journal and therefore knew to buy them a journal in the first place. It's one big loop.
You know, I always just figured they googled "DHARMA Initiative" and copied that into their notebook. I figured they did research on the DHARMA Initiative while performing their experiments. They both studied time and I feel Daniel was smart enough to be able to get their hands on DHARMA information. I don't think Daniel went into the future, I believe when they tested themselves they just created memory loss instead of the desired effect of experiencing the future.
Contains detail of multiple timelines, and will be able to differentiate certain events to come in that certain timeline.
Faraday's time loop is like Locke's
Locke is seen as special by the others in large part because they told Richard and Widmore in 1954 that they would be their leader. Locke has backed it up by showing that they are different, but they may have never been brought to the Island at all if not for Locke themselves speaking to the others in 1954. In that same vein, Faraday is in a loop because their mother raised them to be a scientist and will send them off to die. However, this is only due to the fact that an adult Faraday dies at their feet and leaves a journal predicting this path.
When they were born
They were born after Eloise shot him. In Follow The Leader, while Jack is asking Richard who Widmore is, there is a scene of Widmore and Eloise talking and they are touching their stomach, indicating their concern for their unborn child: Faraday.
Eloise was pregnant in 1977. But as a result of a time travel incident we haven't yet seen, they will give birth to Daniel years earlier. There is nothing to suggest that Eloise time travelled and gave birth to Daniel years earlier. However the fact that they have a birth certificate indicates that they somehow left the island between the timing of the Incident and their birth in the US. When Richard & Eloise accompany Jack & Sayid to remove the core from the bomb, Richard comments that they are pregnant. Daniel could not have been born in 1977, because that would mean they were only 19 when they were a professor at Oxford in 1996 - unlikely, even considering their advanced intellect. It's very possible and actually happens. There are child progidies who earn PhDs in their teens. Google "youngest college graduates" - Sho Yano got 1500/1600 on their SAT at 9 years old, earned a PhD at 18 and then an MD at 21. The youngest professor in MIT history was 20. Daniel states that they were the "youngest doctor to ever graduate from Oxford" (which means that, if the LOST writers did their research, they were younger than Ruth Lawrence when they graduated, who holds the record at Oxford for earning a Master's at 15 and PhD at 17). They could have been 16 or 17 when they graduated and been an assistant professor at 19. If so, they would have been eager to have a genius like them stay there to do their research, when they would have been sought by every university in the world. So while this would have been very impressive, it's not in the realm of unbelievable.
They knew they were going to get shot/die
Daniel's mother kept their "full" diary, the one they took after killing him. That's how they were able to know the future. It is therefore possible that Daniel found this "full" diary at some point in the future and read it. They then deduced that they will die on the day of their last entry, or maybe because it is written there, perhaps by their mother. In " The Variable ", notice very closely their behavior before being shot... they count 1, 2, then pauses as if they are waiting for the shot. It happens very quickly. Also, they told Kate and Jack earlier that they were a beginner with guns, so there is no way they were going to shoot Richard. Also, after being shot, they were shocked only because it was their own mother that shot him, not because they were shot. Daniel did not know when they were going to die as they did not diarise their own death due to his... death. That note was never left in their diary as evidenced by their shock when they discover their own mother sent them back to the island knowing they were going to die. They had realized that they could die once they considered "the variables" that meant any of them could die, but that doesn't mean they were sure they would. If they had known they were going to die but not how, then their shock would have been that their mother was the one who killed him. They would have replied with something to that effect, e.g. "It was you!" rather than "You knew all along!"
Discovering Desmond is Special
Faraday, while having problems with their memory, told Desmond to meet them in Oxford and tell them the settings for their machine, because they figure that this is what has always happened. However, when they get their memory back they remember that this isn't the case. Desmond has somehow managed to cause a change in the past.
They tell Desmond to find Eloise, but why? They already knew they were on the island. In actuality, this was Faraday's way of alerting Hawking to Desmond's importance. Daniel asked for them specifically because there's some time voodoo going on. Since Desmond is able to communicate with Faraday, they must be able to get around the restrictions of time travel.
Daniel is the 'clever man' who created the Pendulum
The media really, really wants Donald Trump to pivot. They want a new story to write. They want to have been right all along that he'd pivot eventually. They want the presidential race to tighten up so it feels more exciting. That means they're very excited by Trump's halfhearted efforts to tone down their hate, which means Trump is getting more credit than they deserve for having pivoted. The New York Times:
After months of flailing attempts, Donald J. Trump has begun to recast their political message in more structured terms and wrestle with their temptation to go off script, as their campaign seeks to revive their fading candidacy and turn the focus this fall to Hillary Clinton's honesty and integrity. Working off a script from their reshuffled team of advisers, Mr. Trump is also drastically tempering their language about the signature issue of their campaign: immigration.
The bar for Trump to look like he's shaping up is low. Very low:
The insults are almost all gone in their speeches – Trump all but did away with the “Crooked Hillary Clinton” line; it has not been included in their written remarks over the last week – and I only remember hearing them say it once on Tuesday and again on Wednesday night.
Oh, well, if he's only saying “Crooked Hillary” once a night, he's a whole new man. And sure, their response to misspeaking and saying “premedication” instead of “premeditation” was to go right to those far-right conspiracy theories about Clinton's health, but he's doing that sort of thing less, so … pivot! (Low, low, low bar. Possibly below the floor, it's so low.)
Perhaps most crucially as far as Trump's press coverage is concerned, Trump has toned down their attacks on the media:
Trump has changed their ways on the news media, barely criticizing the press in their stump speeches and dropping their familiar refrain that political reporters were “the world's most dishonest people.” But Trump is still gouging media types on Twitter.
That'll do it. “Please, Mr. Trump, attack us just a little less so we can wipe the slate clean on your months of appeals to racism and bigotry and treat you like a regular candidate.”
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday dashed a bid by T-Mobile and AT&T to stave off a class-action lawsuit challenging the carriers' policies against unlocking mobile phones.
The justices declined to review an October decision by the California Supreme Court that cleared the way for a lawsuit that attorneys claimed could represent "millions" of California customers.
In response to similar lawsuits, Verizon and Sprint, both CDMA carriers, have agreed to provide the software code to unlock cellphones after customers nationwide have completed their original contract, attorneys said. "That was the compromise we ended up with to get the cases settled," said California attorney Robert Bramson, one of the lawyers suing carriers T-Mobile and AT&T.
T-Mobile and AT&T fought the lawsuit all the way to the nation's high court. The two carriers, on the GSM network, are accused of unfair business practices by locking down their phones to their service plans. Last year, Librarian of Congress James H. Billington listed cell phone unlocking as one of six new exemptions to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or DMCA.
That change, however, left unclear whether carriers were responsible for unlocking the handsets.
The high court's decision sets aside language in the terms-of-service agreement requiring aggrieved AT&T and T-Mobile customers to submit to binding arbitration instead of going to court. The phone carriers urged the justices to require that their customers honor the contracts they had signed. The lower courts had declared those contracts "unconscionable."
The case the U.S. Supreme Court rejected on Tuesday, if successful, could force AT&T to unlock the coveted iPhone. AT&T is Apple's exclusive phone provider. "They may be more unwilling than otherwise because the iPhone is such a big seller," Bramson said.
The suits also prompted all four of the phone providers to reduce the fees charged to costumers who terminate a mobile phone contract before it expires.
Still, all four carriers face litigation to reduce those new, pro-rated fees even further. AT&T's plan, implemented Monday, is similar to the other carriers' opt-out schedule. Each month, an account holder's normal $175 charge to back out of the two-year contract is reduced by $5.
"Pro-rated is a step in the right direction," said California attorney David Franklin, one of the lawyers suing the carriers.
Passed in 1998 as an anti-piracy measure, the DMCA makes it illegal to "circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access" to copyrighted material – in this case the firmware that locks a phone to a provider's network. The law tasks the U.S. Register of Copyrights and the Librarian of Congress with investigating how the anti-circumvention provision could hurt legitimate users, and then carving out appropriate exemptions every three years.
The cell phone unlocking exemption covers cases where cell phone software locks are circumvented "for the sole purpose of lawfully connecting to a wireless telephone communication network."
See Also:
Copyright Office Admits That DMCA Is More About Giving Hollywood 'Control' Than Stopping Infringement
from the but-that's-not-what-the-law-is-about dept
We already wrote about the new Copyright Office report on DMCA 1201 -- the section of the law that deals with the "anti-circumvention" provisions of the DMCA. That post focused on the realization by the Copyright Office that the current setup of 1201 does significant harm to security research, as researchers are often frightened to actually investigate certain technologies out of a fear that they may accidentally violate copyright law in getting around some sort of "technological protection measure."
But there's much more in the report as well, and I want to focus on one part, in particular, because it demonstrates a disturbing way in which the Copyright Office thinks about copyright law. But to understand why, we need some background. One of our big complaints about Section 1201 is that it says that circumventing a "technological protection measure" (TPM) is a violation of copyright law by itself. That's always troubled us, because it means you can violate copyright law even if you're not infringing on anyone's copyright. And that seems... wrong. And it's why 1201 has been cited in various lawsuits that clearly have nothing whatsoever to do with copyright: such as cases about printer ink cartridges and garage door openers. And the courts have struggled with this quite a bit. Thankfully, there have been some good rulings, noting that interpreting 1201 this way is bonkers, and a clear abuse of the law for issues that have nothing to do with copyright. But... not all courts.
The Copyright Office report actually has a nice rundown of some of the key caselaw history, so we'll let the report do it for us. The key issue, as the report notes, is whether or not 1201 requires a "nexus" to infringement. Specifically: should it be a 1201 violation if the underlying circumvention is done for a reason that is not even remotely connected to what copyright law actually protects?
Although the United States has consistently interpreted section 1201 as creating a cause of action separate and independent from copyright infringement, courts construing the statute to date have divided over its relationship to the traditional rights of copyright owners. There currently is a circuit split as to whether a violation of the access‐control provisions under section 1201(a) requires a “nexus” to infringement—i.e., that the circumvention be done for the purpose of, or otherwise relate to, infringing an exclusive right under section 106 of the Copyright Act. This issue has particular significance in the context of copyrighted computer programs embedded in everyday consumer products. In 2004, the Federal Circuit held in Chamberlain Group, Inc. v. Skylink Technologies, Inc. that there must be a “reasonable relationship” between the access gained by the circumvention and the protections conferred by section 106. Chamberlain's garage door openers contained copyrighted software controlling operation of the motor. The software included a “rolling code,” which prevented the system from activating unless it received a signal from an authorized transmitter. Chamberlain alleged that Skylink's manufacture and sale of “universal transmitters,” which circumvented the rolling code and accessed the copyrighted software, violated the anti‐trafficking provisions of section 1201(a)(2). The court, however, rejected that claim, holding that section 1201 did not create a new property right, but rather, “introduce[d] new grounds for liability in the context of the unauthorized access of copyrighted material.” The court further stated that “circumvention is not a new form of infringement but rather a new violation prohibiting actions or products that facilitate infringement.” The court also expressed policy concerns, including the view that without an infringement nexus requirement, section 1201(a) would result in anticompetitive conduct unrelated to copyright concerns. The court ultimately held that the Copyright Act granted consumers “the right to use the copy of Chamberlain's embedded software that they purchased” and, therefore, in the absence of copyright infringement or facilitating copyright infringement, the defendant could not be liable for a section 1201(a)(2) trafficking violation. In 2010, the Fifth Circuit in MGE UPS Systems, Inc. v. GE Consumer & Industrial, Inc., relied on Chamberlain to conclude that “[t]he DMCA prohibits only forms of access that would violate or impinge on the protections that the Copyright Act otherwise affords copyright owners.” The United States, however, urged rehearing on the ground that that construction was “inconsistent with the text, structure, and legislative history of the DMCA.” Such a reading, the United States argued, “threatens to frustrate Congress's purpose in section 1201(a)(1), which was to provide a federal prohibition against bypassing passwords, encryption, and other technologies that regulate access to a copyrighted work in circumstances in which the copyright owner would not otherwise have a remedy under the Copyright Act.” The court subsequently withdrew its opinion and substituted an opinion omitting the challenged portion of the original. Later that year, the Ninth Circuit expressly declined to follow Chamberlain and instead rejected a nexus requirement as “contrary to the plain language of the statute.” In MDY Industries, LLC v. Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., the court held MDY liable under section 1201(a)(2) for trafficking in technology in the form of a self‐playing bot, which was designed to circumvent a technological control on a video game sold by Blizzard. In rejecting the reasoning of Chamberlain, the Ninth Circuit looked to both the statutory text and its legislative history. Among other textual considerations, the court noted that section 1201(a) refers to technological measures protecting access to “a work protected under this title,” while section 1201(b) refers to measures protecting “a right of a copyright owner under this title.” The court read this distinction to indicate that Congress intended section 1201(a) to “extend[] a new form of protection, i.e., the right to prevent circumvention of access controls, broadly to . . . copyrighted works.” Section 1201(b), meanwhile, was intended “to reinforce copyright owners' traditional exclusive rights under § 106 by granting them an additional cause of action against those who traffic in circumventing devices that facilitate infringement.”
So here's where the Copyright Office is supposed to step in and agree with the Chamberlain ruling and say that for 1201 to apply, it should require an underlying nexus to actual infringement under Section 106 of the Copyright Act, right? Right? RIGHT?!? I mean, that's the only sane response if you want to argue that anti-circumvention rules are truly about protecting copyright.
So, of course, that's not at all what the Copyright Office decided. Instead, it argues that there shouldn't be such a "nexus" requirement, because it might upset Hollywood to have less control. I mean, that's not the phrase it actually uses, but that's exactly what it's saying here:
The Copyright Office shares the concern that section 1201(a)'s protections for access controls have the potential to implicate activities far outside the traditional scope of copyright law. The Office does not, however, believe enacting an infringement nexus requirement to be advisable, as it could severely weaken the right of copyright owners to exercise meaningful control over the terms of access to their works online—a right that both Congress and the Executive Branch have properly recognized as essential to the development of the digital marketplace for creative content
If you don't live in the copyright world, this statement may not seem like a big deal, but it's actually a massive and hugely troubling admission. It's the Copyright Office saying that the point of anti-circumvention should be about giving copyright holders more control over digital marketplaces and not about preventing infringement. Of course, that's not what Hollywood has always claimed in the past. They always insist the reason they need anti-circumvention provisions all over the place is to stop infringement. But everyone has always assumed it's truly because they want more control and leverage over digital marketplaces. And here you have the Copyright Office admitting, right up front, that, sure, these provisions are about giving Hollywood extra control and not about stopping infringement.
The Copyright Office tries to justify this by arguing that (for example) bypassing the password protection on a Netflix or Spotify account might violate 1201, but wouldn't infringe on an underlying Section 106 right -- and thus 1201 without a nexus requirement is necessary to enable more Netflix or Spotify like markets:
In particular, Congress sought to facilitate the development of online content delivery platforms in which the consumer pays for access to copyrighted material rather than for possession of a copy. Section 1201(a) reflects Congress' understanding that such models will succeed only if copyright owners have the legal right to prohibit persons from evading electronic paywalls or other technical measures used to limit access to users who satisfy the rightsholder's specified terms.
But... this is not a copyright concern. That's a business model concern. If things like password sharing become an issue, then it's up to companies to figure out a way to deal with it -- not make it a violation of copyright law.
If Congress truly wants to protect Hollywood from people sharing their Netflix passwords, there are other ways to do it without trying to loop it into copyright law -- and 1201 is a part of copyright law. It shouldn't then be abused for completely non-copyright purposes. Having an underlying nexus to copyright is the only sane way for the law to actually be related to the fundamental rights under copyright law. But here, the Copyright Office is arguing that Hollywood should get non-copyright rights of control over digital marketplaces, just because it thinks that's good for Hollywood. And it may be good for Hollywood, but the Copyright Office's job is supposed to be about copyright. Not about what's good for Hollywood.
Filed Under: anti-circumvention, control, copyright office, dmca, dmca 1201, drm, hollywood, markets
Remove the bulk of the NaCl port
System Internals / glibc - Zack Weinberg [panix.com] - 20 May 2017 08:09 EDT
The NaCl port has not been actively maintained since before the 2.25 release. The complementary GCC back-end was never contributed to GCC, and we are given to understand that the current NaCl SDK has switched to Clang and therefore cannot be used to build glibc anymore, so we doubt that the port remains useful.
This commit simply removes the sysdeps/arm/nacl and sysdeps/nacl directories and the abi-tags entry.
Remove the NaCl port.
- abi-tags: Remove .*-.*-nacl.* entry.
- sysdeps/arm/nacl: Remove directory and contents.
- sysdeps/nacl: Likewise.
42a844c Remove the bulk of the NaCl port.
ChangeLog | 7 +
NEWS | 3 +
abi-tags | 2 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/Implies | 2 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/Makefile | 33 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/____longjmp_chk.S | 47 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/aeabi_read_tp.S | 44 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/arm-features.h | 43 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/dl-machine.h | 53 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/dl-trampoline.S | 278 -----
sysdeps/arm/nacl/include/bits/setjmp.h | 41 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/libc.abilist | 1855 ------------------------------
sysdeps/arm/nacl/shlib-versions | 4 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/start.c | 1 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/sysdep.h | 69 --
sysdeps/arm/nacl/tls.h | 2 -
sysdeps/arm/nacl/uname-values.h | 20 -
sysdeps/nacl/Implies | 3 -
sysdeps/nacl/Makefile | 145 ---
sysdeps/nacl/Subdirs | 3 -
sysdeps/nacl/Versions | 23 -
sysdeps/nacl/_exit.c | 35 -
sysdeps/nacl/access.c | 35 -
sysdeps/nacl/backtrace.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/bits/dirent.h | 52 -
sysdeps/nacl/bits/fcntl.h | 145 ---
sysdeps/nacl/bits/local_lim.h | 64 --
sysdeps/nacl/bits/mman.h | 24 -
sysdeps/nacl/bits/param.h | 23 -
sysdeps/nacl/bits/posix_opt.h | 210 ----
sysdeps/nacl/bits/stat.h | 147 ---
sysdeps/nacl/bits/typesizes.h | 72 --
sysdeps/nacl/brk.c | 92 --
sysdeps/nacl/chdir.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/check_fds.c | 23 -
sysdeps/nacl/chmod.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/clock.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/clock_getres.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/clock_gettime.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/close.c | 31 -
sysdeps/nacl/configure | 18 -
sysdeps/nacl/configure.ac | 18 -
sysdeps/nacl/createthread.c | 47 -
sysdeps/nacl/dl-fileid.h | 8 -
sysdeps/nacl/dl-map-segments.h | 269 -----
sysdeps/nacl/dl-osinfo.h | 34 -
sysdeps/nacl/dl-sysdep-open.h | 40 -
sysdeps/nacl/dl-sysdep.c | 112 --
sysdeps/nacl/dl-sysdep.h | 30 -
sysdeps/nacl/dl-unmap-segments.h | 65 --
sysdeps/nacl/dl-writev.h | 45 -
sysdeps/nacl/dup.c | 31 -
sysdeps/nacl/dup2.c | 31 -
sysdeps/nacl/entry.h | 6 -
sysdeps/nacl/errnos.awk | 87 --
sysdeps/nacl/euidaccess.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/exit-thread.h | 80 --
sysdeps/nacl/fchdir.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/fchmod.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/fdatasync.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/fdopendir.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/fork.c | 3 -
sysdeps/nacl/fsync.c | 27 -
sysdeps/nacl/ftruncate.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/ftruncate64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/futex-internal.h | 248 ----
sysdeps/nacl/fxstat.c | 45 -
sysdeps/nacl/fxstat64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/getcwd.c | 56 -
sysdeps/nacl/getdents.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/getdents64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/getdtsz.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/gethostname.c | 45 -
sysdeps/nacl/getpagesize.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/getpid.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/getsysstats.c | 65 --
sysdeps/nacl/gettimeofday.c | 40 -
sysdeps/nacl/glob.c | 2 -
sysdeps/nacl/glob64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/ifaddrs.c | 2 -
sysdeps/nacl/init-first.c | 27 -
sysdeps/nacl/iofdopen.c | 26 -
sysdeps/nacl/irt.sed | 12 -
sysdeps/nacl/isatty.c | 38 -
sysdeps/nacl/kernel-features.h | 21 -
sysdeps/nacl/ld.abilist | 10 -
sysdeps/nacl/ldsodefs.h | 35 -
sysdeps/nacl/libBrokenLocale.abilist | 2 -
sysdeps/nacl/libanl.abilist | 5 -
sysdeps/nacl/libc-start.c | 4 -
sysdeps/nacl/libcrypt.abilist | 8 -
sysdeps/nacl/libdl.abilist | 10 -
sysdeps/nacl/libm.abilist | 430 -------
sysdeps/nacl/libpthread.abilist | 175 ---
sysdeps/nacl/libresolv.abilist | 92 --
sysdeps/nacl/librt.abilist | 36 -
sysdeps/nacl/libutil.abilist | 7 -
sysdeps/nacl/link.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/lll_timedlock_wait.c | 53 -
sysdeps/nacl/lll_timedwait_tid.c | 61 -
sysdeps/nacl/lowlevellock-futex.h | 90 --
sysdeps/nacl/lowlevellock.h | 41 -
sysdeps/nacl/lseek.c | 43 -
sysdeps/nacl/lseek64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/lxstat.c | 46 -
sysdeps/nacl/lxstat64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/mkdir.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/mmap.c | 49 -
sysdeps/nacl/mmap64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/mprotect.c | 33 -
sysdeps/nacl/munmap.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-after-link.sh | 69 --
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-interface-list.h | 45 -
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-interface-table.c | 43 -
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-interfaces.c | 165 ---
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-interfaces.h | 120 --
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-interfaces.mk.in | 25 -
sysdeps/nacl/nacl-test-wrapper.sh | 280 -----
sysdeps/nacl/nacl_interface_ext_supply.c | 42 -
sysdeps/nacl/nacl_interface_query.c | 50 -
sysdeps/nacl/nanosleep.c | 33 -
sysdeps/nacl/open.c | 52 -
sysdeps/nacl/open64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/preconfigure | 7 -
sysdeps/nacl/profil.c | 2 -
sysdeps/nacl/pthread-pids.h | 68 --
sysdeps/nacl/pthread_condattr_setclock.c | 42 -
sysdeps/nacl/read.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/readdir.c | 11 -
sysdeps/nacl/readdir64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/readdir64_r.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/readdir_r.c | 8 -
sysdeps/nacl/readlink.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/rename.c | 27 -
sysdeps/nacl/rmdir.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/sched_yield.c | 31 -
sysdeps/nacl/shlib-versions | 9 -
sysdeps/nacl/sigaction.c | 11 -
sysdeps/nacl/sprofil.c | 2 -
sysdeps/nacl/start.c | 77 --
sysdeps/nacl/symlink.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/tls.h | 41 -
sysdeps/nacl/truncate.c | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/truncate64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/uname-values.h | 32 -
sysdeps/nacl/unlink.c | 28 -
sysdeps/nacl/utimes.c | 29 -
sysdeps/nacl/write.c | 33 -
sysdeps/nacl/xstat.c | 45 -
sysdeps/nacl/xstat64.c | 1 -
sysdeps/nacl/xstatconv.c | 76 --
sysdeps/nacl/xstatconv.h | 32 -
152 files changed, 10 insertions(+), 8627 deletions(-)
Upstream: sourceware.org
Panthers coach Anthony Griffin has named a near full-strength side to tackle local rivals Parramatta at Pepper Stadium on Saturday.
Don't forget 2016 Panthers members get FREE ENTRY. Secure your membership now by clicking here or by calling 1300 PANTHERS.
Please note the game will have reserved seating so all Panthers members are able to sit in their favourite seats. Gates open at 2.45pm with NYC kicking off at 3pm and NSW Cup at 5pm.
If you're not a Panthers member, you can pre-purchase your tickets here: http://bit.ly/TrialEels
Panthers v Eels, Pepper Stadium, 7.10pm Saturday
1. Matt Moylan (c)
2. Josh Mansour
3. Waqa Blake
4. Peta Hiku
5. Dallin Watene-Zelezniak
6. Jamie Soward
7. Peter Wallace
8. Trent Merrin
9. James Segeyaro
10. Suaia Matagi
11. Tyrone Peachey
12. Elijah Taylor
13. Isaah Yeo
BENCH
14.Will Smith
15. Jeremy Latimore
16. Bryce Cartwright
17. Leilani Latu
18. Te Maire Martin
20. James Fisher-Harris
21. Sitaleki Akauola
Parramatta Eels Team List
Click here to see the team named by Eels coach Brad Arthur.
The leader of Germany's Social Democrats, Martin Schulz, who will confront Chancellor Angela Merkel in September elections, on Tuesday became the latest German politician to join in a war of words with Washington.
Schulz described US President Donald Trump as "a destroyer of all Western values such as we have never before experienced in this form."
Trump's destructive strategy targeted, tolerance, respect and cooperation between peoples on the basis of mutual acceptance, Schulz said.
Schulz' comments came shortly after Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel unleashed a barrage of criticism against Trump's administration, following the widely publicized remarks by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Read: Merkel makes waves with views on EU-US relations.
Gabriel spoke of the US "dropping out as an important nation."
"That's unfortunately a signal for a change in the world's balance of power," they said.
Gabriel also criticized the Trump administration for selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, its refugee policy, and its lack of commitment to fight climate change. Gabriel, who also serves as Germany's vice chancellor, said that "anyone who accelerates climate change by weakening environmental protection, who sells more weapons in conflict zones and who does not want to politically resolve religious conflicts is putting peace in Europe at risk."
"The short-sighted policies of the American government stand against the interests of the European Union," they said at the refugee conference, adding that the West "became weaker."
Trump wades in again, too
Gabriel's center-left SPD party is a partner to Angela Merkel's CDU in Germany's current ruling coalition, but the two groups are also set for a showdown in general elections in September. The growing rift between Berlin and Washington under Trump marks a sharp contrast in comparison to mostly close relations under former president Barack Obama.
Trump on Tuesday themselves made another Twitter contribution to aggravating the divide between the two countries, again accusing Germany of putting the US at a disadvantage with its trade surplus, and failing to make enough payments to NATO.
Read: Trump launches new Twitter tirade against Germany
Americans out, China in?
In German public broadcaster ZDF's main evening news show, Gabriel restated their complaints, focusing on Trump's behavior during their recent diplomatic tour.
Specifically, they said Trump "lectured their colleagues and notably shoved a prime minister aside" at a NATO summit. The minister also lamented Trump ''moving away from Western ideas," including international law.
"American colleagues apparently do not realize that, when they leave, there are others who are coming in, for example China, with completely different ideas."
Germany to help others
In response to the crisis, Europe should be "sticking together and growing stronger" and defend the ideas of democracy, liberalism, and openness, they said. Germany should also do more to help countries like France and Italy to reach their economic potential, according to Gabriel.
"Most importantly, we need to stop demeaning or lecturing others," they added.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes The good, the bad and the ugly US President Donald Trump has offered both candid praise and unabashed criticism of Germany and its policies. From calling German Chancellor Angela Merkel "possibly the greatest world leader" to describing their open-door refugee policy as a "catastrophic mistake," here are their most memorable quotes regarding Germany.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Greatest' "Germany's like sitting back silent, collecting money and making a fortune with probably the greatest leader in the world today, Merkel," Trump said in a 2015 interview with US news magazine Time.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Very bad' "The Germans are bad, very bad ... Look at the millions of cars they sell in the US. Terrible. We'll stop that," Trump said during a NATO leaders summit, according to German news magazine Der Spiegel, which cited sources at the alliance's meeting.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Something in common' "As far as wiretapping, I guess, by - you know - [the Obama] administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps," Trump said in March during a press conference with Merkel. They were referring to their unproven allegations that ex-President Barack Obama tapped their phone. There was widespread anger in Germany in 2013 when it was revealed the US National Security Agency tapped Merkel's phone.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Illegals' "I think they made one very catastrophic mistake and that was taking all of these illegals (sic), you know taking all of the people from wherever they come from," Trump said in a joint interview published by German daily Bild and British newspaper The Times, referring to Merkel's open-door policy for refugees fleeing war and persecution.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Germany owes vast sums of money' "Despite what you have heard from the fake news, I had a great meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO and the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany," Trump said in a two-tweet statement after meeting with Merkel for the first time in March 2017.
Donald Trump on Germany: Top quotes 'Turning their backs' "The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition," Trump tweeted in the midst of a row within the German goverment. They went on to claim that: "Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!" Author: Lewis Sanders IV
dj/rg (AFP, Reuters, AP, dpa)
Amazon says it will soon offer same-day delivery to its Prime customers in Toronto and Vancouver who order something online worth more than $25.
The service has been available in the U.S., but the online retailer is rolling it out in Canada for the first time ahead of the busy holiday shopping season.
"Prime was developed to make shopping on Amazon fast and convenient, and Prime members in Canada can now enjoy fast, unlimited, free Prime delivery seven days a week," spokesperson Alexandre Gagnon said.
Any orders on eligible goods in those markets placed in the morning wil be delivered by 9 p.m. that day, the company says.
While the move updates the retailer's offerings in Canada to what's standard in the U.S., Canadians still don't have all the benefits.
For $79 a year, an Amazon Prime membership gives Canadian customers faster deliveries at no additional charge. But in the U.S., a Prime membership also comes with streaming movie, television show and music services, which aren't available in Canada.
Not everything Amazon sells is eligible for the same-day delivery, but Amazon says one million items in the Toronto-area market and 700,000 items are included to customers near Vancouver.
Same-day delivery will be available for non-Prime customers, too, but at a cost of $11.99 per order (or $1.99 per pound for heavy items).
Earlier this month Amazon, upped the minimum price to $35 for free shipping, but that service won't be on the same day.
Amazon rival Indigo offers free shipping within Canada for orders over $25 for delivery in one to nine business days. It will also deliver items to its retail stores for free, with no minimum purchase required
If you get stung by a jellyfish it can ruin a good day at the beach. Dr Lisa Gershwin, jellyfish expert, busts some common myths about treatment for stings.
Dr Lisa Gershwin, a world-renowned expert on the jellyfish, is the director of the Australian Stinger Advisory Services at the CSIRO.
In Dr Gershwin's career, they have discovered and named 196 different species and says, to her, all jellyfish are fascinating.
A common perception is that stings are treated with either vinegar or urine. However, they say those solutions are not as straightforward as they seem.
"A lot of people misunderstand the role of vinegar," Dr Gershwin told 720 ABC Perth.
"Vinegar isn't meant to relieve the pain. If you think about it, what's the pain-relieving quality of a salad?" they said.
According to Dr Gershwin, vinegar has a much more important role than pain relief when it comes to jellyfish stings.
"If you get an irukandji or box jellyfish sting, the vinegar might actually save your life.
"It doesn't help with the pain but for the species that are more likely to kill you or cause ongoing problems the vinegar neutralizes the stinging cells that haven't injected venom yet, so that they're not able to inject the venom.
"When you get a sting you only take on about 10 per cent of the venom capacity at that point, so what you're trying to do is prevent the other 90 per cent from entering your body and that's the role of the vinegar," they said.
The urine myth
"People always ask me, what about peeing on it?
"Don't do that."
Urine can be either acidic or alkaline, and it is impossible to tell which without carry litmus paper.
"If your urine is in an acidic phase it will only work about twenty five per cent as well as vinegar. If it's in an alkaline stage it will cause a massive discharge of the stinging cells, which will increase the effect of the venom.
"So it comes down to a Clint Eastwood 'are you feeling lucky?' moment, and you can't tell".
There are other common remedies that can help for less potent stings from stingers. Ice works or hot water can be effective.
However, in the case of something like a Box Jellyfish or Irukandji where getting the right treatment can make the difference between life and death, Dr Gershwin warns against using hot water or ice.
"The problem is the fresh water in the ice and hot water will cause a mass discharge of the stinging cells that haven't fired yet, so you'll take on the extra venom".
Water also dilates the capillaries and basically "opens the floodgates so the venom can travel around the body, which obviously is not what you want when you're dealing with a potentially dangerous venom," they said.
Prevention is better than cure
"If you rock up to the beach and you see them, you know they're around, it's a good day to give it a miss.
"Things like bluebottles are really obvious," they said.
"With Irukandji jellyfish there are certain conditions and certain winds.
"You can see what's going on and tip the odds in your favour.
"A full body lycra suit, or even pantyhose can make a big, big difference."
So next time you're packing your towel and sunscreen, take some vinegar with you too.
Light the beacons: Microsoft's Internet Explorer's reign as the most used internet browser is finally over.
Launched in 1995, Internet Explorer quickly rose to become a popular web browser and finally took the majority market share over Netscape Navigator in 1999 with IE 5.0. Netscape Navigator was later renamed to Netscape Communicator and continued to lose large percentages of it's user base through the 2000s and was ultimately discontinued in 2008. Launched in 1995, Internet Explorer quickly rose to become a popular web browser and finally took the majority market share over Netscape Navigator in 1999 with IE 5.0. Netscape Navigator was later renamed to Netscape Communicator and continued to lose large percentages of it's user base through the 2000s and was ultimately discontinued in 2008.
Internet Explorer spent the entire 2000s decade as the browser of choice for the majority of users around the world, but from the ashes of Netscape's code base rose Microsft's next great browser rival: FireFox. As a result of security enhancements, Microsoft decided to break IE off as a stand-alone application in Internet Explorer 7; a change that required many changes to the underlying architecture of the browser and brought forth a series of painful bugs. Despite all the bug fixes to follow, IE8 became the first browser fully compliant with Cascading Style Sheets 2.1 (CSS) and a leader in the W3C compliance standards over it's competition. Internet Explorer spent the entire 2000s decade as the browser of choice for the majority of users around the world, but from the ashes of Netscape's code base rose Microsft's next great browser rival: FireFox. As a result of security enhancements, Microsoft decided to break IE off as a stand-alone application in Internet Explorer 7; a change that required many changes to the underlying architecture of the browser and brought forth a series of painful bugs. Despite all the bug fixes to follow, IE8 became the first browser fully compliant with Cascading Style Sheets 2.1 (CSS) and a leader in the W3C compliance standards over it's competition.
Meanwhile, Google launched it's first beta release of the Chrome browser – tarnished by it's a own variety of launch bugs, primarily when dealing with JavaScript, which lost about half of the early adopters that downloaded the first version of the browser. Two years later, Google released stable versions of Chrome for Windows, Apple and Linux computers. In 2010, Chrome began to chip away Internet Explorer and Firefox's marketshare due to it's speed, simplicity, and support of newer technologies like HTML5. By the end of the year, Internet Explorer's marketshare fell below 50% for the first time in a decade. Meanwhile, Google launched it's first beta release of the Chrome browser – tarnished by it's a own variety of launch bugs, primarily when dealing with JavaScript, which lost about half of the early adopters that downloaded the first version of the browser. Two years later, Google released stable versions of Chrome for Windows, Apple and Linux computers. In 2010, Chrome began to chip away Internet Explorer and Firefox's marketshare due to it's speed, simplicity, and support of newer technologies like HTML5. By the end of the year, Internet Explorer's marketshare fell below 50% for the first time in a decade.
Microsoft had been building a browser with features to “enhance” the web as opposed to Google's strategy of a simple and fast browser – a strategy that soon found Internet Explorer losing a large portion of users to Chrome and playing catch-up on functionality against not only Chrome but also FireFox and Opera.
In April 2014, Adobe Digital Index reported a marketshare of 31.8% for Google Chrome for all web browser usage as compared to Internet Explorer's marketshare of 30.9% for the same month. The rise of Chrome is contributed largely to mobile browsing – an area where Internet Explorer has lacked in gaining users. Perhaps even a larger fall from previous glory is FireFox coming in 4th place for marketshare with 8.7% behind Apple's Safari browser which has also benefited a great deal from mobile usage with a marketshare of 25%. It remains to be seen if iPhone and Apple computers will continue to drive the marketshare of Safari higher, but 2014's numbers indicate that Chrome will continue to steal mobile users away from iOS users.
Regardless, that's one hell of a run, Microsoft.
President Barack Obama endorsed newcomer Juliana Stratton's campaign Monday to unseat embattled Rep. Ken Dunkin in the Illinois House. NBC 5's MAry Ann Ahern reports. (Published Tuesday, March 8, 2016)
President Barack Obama endorsed newcomer Juliana Stratton's campaign Monday to unseat embattled Rep. Ken Dunkin in the Illinois House.
In their endorsement, Obama claimed Stratton will stand up for their constituents.
“I'm endorsing Juliana Stratton because they will stand up for our children, our seniors and our working families,” Obama said in a statement.
Obama, who will appear in radio and TV ads supporting Stratton, also claimed the candidate would fight to combat Chicago's epidemic of gun violence.
“Juliana will fight to get guns off our streets,” Obama said. “Throughout our neighborhoods, too many young people and families live in fear.”
“These families can't afford inaction,” the president added.
Stratton previously served as an administrative law judge for the City of Chicago's Office of Administrative Hearings as well as an executive director of the Cook County Justice Advisory Council and as an executive director for Cook County Justice for Children.
Stratton will face incumbent Dunkin in the March 15 Democratic primary.
Dunkin broke up the Democratic super-majority in the Illinois House of Representatives last year, siding with Gov. Bruce Rauner on certain state budget issues.
They have come under fire from fellow Democrats after holding out on two bills that could have nullified changes Rauner made to social service programs.
During their address in Springfield last month, Obama said making bipartisan compromises “doesn't make me a sell-out to my own party.” They then turned to Dunkin, who had stood up, and said, “We'll talk later, Dunkin. Sit down.”
After the speech, Dunkin told Ward Room they had been invited to visit the White House on March 17. Dunkin's office confirmed that they will attend the Beating the Odds Summit at the White House on March 17. The event will honor Community Youth Creative Learning, an after-school program.
Dunkin has recently come under more scrutiny after allegations of vote-buying were made public last week. Secretary of State Jesse White and Ald. Pat Dowell have accused Dunkin of buying votes in the lead-up to the March 15 primary.
The allegations were levied against Dunkin after campaign workers noticed an inordinately large voter turnout at the Chicago Bee Branch library Saturday and went undercover to investigate.
They found that voters had been vetted at Dunkin's campaign headquarters and offered $50 or $100 in exchange for their casting an early ballot for the state representative.
Dunkin was also accused of offering potential voters "free luch and transportation" to and from the Wentworth Gardens polling place last week.
According to a video obtained by Ward Room, the Dunkin campaign also allegedly paid people in cigarettes to help fill the bus.
Stratton was previously endorsed by White, as well as Chicago Teacher's Union President Karen Lewis, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle and Father Michael Pfleger, among others.
Over $2 million has been funneled into the primary battle between Stratton and Dunkin. As a result, campaign fundraising records are expected to be broken before the primary. Many consider the race to be a proxy war between Speaker of the House Michael Madigan and Rauner over unions and control of the Illinois House.
Madigan is also facing a tough primary battle against political newcomer Jason Gonzales in their bid to retain their 22nd District House seat.
Behold the Keurig Kold.
BOCA RATON, FLA. — To listen to executives from Keurig Green Mountain talk about the company's Kold single-serve beverage dispenser, the launch is about giving consumers freshness, choice and a premium experience. But the launch is also critical to the company, because it will expand its reach into new day parts, most notably the afternoon and evening.
“The ability for consumers to discover new choices and to try new choices and to constantly have trial and repeat in a very, very different way than traditional beverage categories is what has driven the Keurig system,” said Brian Kelley, president and chief executive officer, during the company presentation at the Consumer Analyst Group of New York conference on Feb. 19. “It's what has driven the demand for choice and it's what has driven the popularity of Keurig. And so we can leverage the cost of building the Keurig installed base across a broader range of beverages and categories, and that's the opportunity for us in the future.”
Mr. Kelley emphasized the market for cold beverages is five times the size of the market for hot beverages in terms of dollars.
“But perhaps the most important element of this is to understand that Keurig Kold broadens the capability from the day part of morning to a day part that can span the entire day and into the evening as we look at beverages,” they said. “And so the cold opportunity for us as a company and a set of categories is very large.”
They described Keurig Green Mountain's development of the Kold system as “seeing problems hidden in plain sight.” Problems identified included freshness, temperature and variety.
“(Keurig Kold) delivers perfect dosing of both CO2 and beverage so that you get the taste of well-known brands as well as a perfect taste for some of the new brands we will create and that others will create exclusively for the system,” Mr. Kelley said. “Perfect dosing and one-touch simplicity is a critical element of the Keurig promise.”
The system will offer a number of popular partner brands as well as brands exclusive to Keurig Green Mountain.
In addition they noted sustainability will be a component of the system as it uses 30% less water when compared to a bottled or canned cold beverage.
The initial launch of the system will feature 30 beverage varieties across 16 brands in the fall, including many owned by the Coca-Cola Co. and Dr Pepper Snapple Group. By the spring of 2016, the number of varieties available will double, Mr. Kelley said.
In addition to partner brands, Keurig Green Mountain will be introducing cold beverage brands exclusive to the company in the hopes of recapturing the success of the hot system's Donut Shop brand.
“Donut Shop is a brand we created, a brand we created at the launch of the (hot) system,” Mr. Kelley said. “A brand that we created that has been built quite differently. It has never spent a penny of advertising in the traditional way, but it's the No. 1 s.k.u. (stock-keeping unit) in our Keurig hot system.”
Investors and analysts spent years clamoring for Facebook to start up an ad network, and earlier this year it obliged them.
And now Facebook is rolling out another one.
Caveat — this isn't an ad network in a formal sense. But it's going to be viewed as one, because in the big picture, it does the thing people outside Facebook wanted an ad network to do: It lets advertisers buy ads, via Facebook, on properties Facebook doesn't own.
Some of the details about Facebook's plans have been leaking out for months, starting with a report from The Information. Facebook is formally announcing its plans tonight, but is providing few details itself.
The broad strokes:
Facebook is reintroducing Atlas, the underused platform it bought from Microsoft last year.
Facebook says Atlas can help marketers track the effectiveness of their ads around the Web; it also says it will allow them to buy ads on non-Facebook websites and apps, using Facebook targeting data.
Facebook makes a point of saying these ads aren't “Facebook ads.” But it is also playing up the notion that the ads marketers buy via Atlas will be more effective than other big ad platforms, because they use Facebook's data.
Facebook says it is working with lots of partners, but so far has named only two. Ad holding giant Omnicom, which already has deals with Facebook, Google, Twitter and most other big digital players, says it will buy ads with Atlas. Facebook's Instagram will also work with the platform. The most tantalizing notion I've heard this week is that Facebook has talked to Twitter about joining up, and that the idea remains a possibility.
What's that? You're worried about people using your Facebook data to serve you ads? Facebook says you shouldn't worry, because your identity will remain anonymous to advertisers and publishers — they'll just know some basic facts about you. But really, if you're worried about this kind of thing you shouldn't be on Facebook. Actually, the whole Web is probably a no-go zone for you. Sorry.
It's worth nothing that this announcement is timed to the beginning of Advertising Week, a goat rodeo of New York keynotes, panels and parties, when many pointless announcements are made. This is not one of those. But we also won't know what it really means for a while, because we'll need to see what advertisers and publishers think of it.
That said, Facebook has been quite open about the fact that it is targeting Google's DoubleClick display ad business with this move, which is interesting.
Facebook and Google are already neck-and-neck in the display ads business, but right now it's an asymmetric battle: Display ads are core to Facebook, but they remain a bolt-on for Google, which still revolves around search ads. This year, for instance, Google may generate $4 billion in display ads in the U.S. — and generate $54 billion in net revenue overall.
But some smart people I talk to suggest that what's really at play here is data, not dollars: If Facebook can convince more publishers to let it into their ad business, it's ultimately going to glean information that will make its own ads, on its own properties, much more powerful. Google will watch closely.
The "Mega" is the database every serious chessplayer needs. The database contains 7.6 million games from 1500 to 2018, in the highest quality standard, full of top level analyses and completely classified.
8/27/2014 – The match between Magnus Carlsen and Viswanathan Anand is scheduled to start in a little more than ten weeks from today. The champion is unhappy with the venue and the financial arrangements and has requested a postponement – which FIDE has rejected. Now they have until Sunday to sign the contract, otherwise we may just see a title match between Anand and Karjakin.
In case you do not speak Norwegian, the above NRK report headlines say "Magnus Carlsen must sign a contract to play World Cup in Sochi by Sunday. Otherwise they lose their World Championship title."
Last week the reigning World Champion Magnus Carlsen requested a postponement of the match against challenger Viswanathan Anand. This match is scheduled to start on November 7, 2014, i.e. in a little more than ten weeks from now. They were on their way to Saint Louis to play in the Sinquefield Cup and did not want to be pressured to sign contracts in the middle of that event. Mainly Carlsen seems to be unhappy about the venue and the finances.
The venue for the World Championship is not too far from a very volatile political region
The venue of the match is the Olympic Village that hosted the Winter Games in Sochi. It appears
to be a bit of a ghost town, as this startling photo report by Alexander Valov would suggest.
The title match this year has a budget of US $3 million, with $1.5 million reserved for the prizes. This is one million dollars less than the funding of the 2013 match in Chennai. Further the money appears to be coming from Aleksander Tkachev, who is Governor of the Krasnodar Territory and one of the leaders of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic. For this reason Tkachev has been blacklisted by the European Union, together with other key Russian officials from the region.
"Carlsen's magager: This is very unfortunate". In this NRK report from 21.8.2014 Espen Agdestein said that the tense political situation in Ukraine was one of the reasons wanted they wanted a postponemen. But that was not all. "There is much uncertainty about the actual event," they said, "uncertainty about the company that bought and will organise the World Championship match. Magnus Carlsen and their team know very little about this company." This probably refers to AGON, a company that still owns the commercial rights to events that are part of the world championship cycle. "FIDE will not even say who owns AGON," says Agdestein.
The response came quickly: on August 21 Itar Tass reported that FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov had rejected the request in a press conference, saying that a postponement was not possible. "I received a letter from Carlsen's manager," said Ilyumzhinov. "I want to emphasize that the issue raised is not about the venue, but simply the postponement of the date. So I do not believe this issue is a political one. However, FIDE has already issued an official response saying that the rescheduling was not possible. This match has been part of the official tournament calendar since last year, and a postponement could lead to problems with the current calendar."
Ilyumzhinov also said that if Magnus Carlsen would not play the match, they would be forfeited. In case this happened Anand would likely be playing Russian GM Sergey Karjakin, who finished in second place behind Anand at the 2014 Candidates Tournament.
"Carlsen require thinking time after threats of default", says the headline of this NRK report from August 25. "Just eleven weeks before the start of the World Championship match there is a serious conflict. And Carlsen has traveled to the United States – without signing any contract." On Sunday Magnus plays the world's number two Levon Aronian with black in Saint Louis. It is also the deadline to sign the contract and accept the original FIDE plan. It will be a very tense day for the World Champion.
Addendum
We have learnt (on August 28, 2014) that FIDE has reset the deadline to Sunday, September 7th, 2014, which is the final playoff day of the Sinquefield Cup. This was apparently done after the Association of Chess Professionals sent a letter to FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov saying:
There is a vast genre of movies and books dedicated to baby-crazy women on missions to get pregnant at any cost. (Consider: "What to Expect When You're Expecting," "The Switch," "The Object of My Affection," "Genesis 16:1 - 21:2," et cetera ad infinitum.)
But you will find very few corresponding stories about heterosexual men's struggle with childlessness. And that is weird, according to researchers at Keele University. Because, as one study found, they are kind of baby crazy, too.
Advertisement:
Researcher Robin Hadley carried out a survey of 81 women and 27 men who did not have children, and asked them if they wanted them. They found that men were almost as likely as women to want children -- 59 percent to 63 percent -- but actually more likely than women to feel depressed, angry and jealous if they didn't have them.
Of the men who wanted children, 50 percent experienced isolation because they did not have them, compared with 27 percent of women; 38 percent experienced depression, compared with 27 percent of women; and 56 percent experienced jealousy of those with children, compared with 47 percent of women.
Of the results, Hadley said: "This challenges the common idea that women are much more likely to want to have children than men, and that they consistently experience a range of negative emotions more deeply than men if they don't have children."
In ongoing research since concluding their study, Hadley has interviewed other so-called involuntary childless men who further confirm that the desire for kids isn't just a female thing -- even if it is often culturally framed that way.
One respondent in their 60s explained their feelings rather bluntly: "If you don't have children or grandchildren then that dimension of your life is missing."
(Rivals photo)
Penn State signee Saquon Barkley won the gold medal in the 100-meter finals of the Eastern Pennsylvania Conference Track and Field Championships last Wednesday, but what they did after the race was far more impressive.
Two hours after their race, Barkley, a Rivals four-star running back from Whitehall (Pa.) High School, gave their medal to a Rachel Panek, a sophomore hurdler from Saucon Valley High School, after a race she'd previously won had to be restarted due to a timing malfunction.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
From the Allentown Morning Call:
What happened to Panek before they came across Barkley could certainly be characterized as unfair, and it would be hard to find anybody at the two-day meet — that was a combined championship with Eastern Pennsylvania Conference and Colonial League athletes competing for medals at Whitehall's Zephyr Sports Complex — who felt particularly good about it.
The day's first race, the girls 100-meter hurdles, was stopped by officials when the timing system malfunctioned.
Each of the eight competitors appeared to finish the event at full speed, but the fully automatic clock never started when the starting gun sounded. A trackside official, acting on the timing issue, fired three shots into the air as the lead runners — Panek and Northwestern's Alexis Gawelko — crossed the seventh hurdle. Panek beat Gawelko to the line.
Because the timing system never started, there were no official times. (There was no backup timing system either, according to meet officials.)
After a “30-minute rest period,” the race was re-run. Panek, however, was competing in another event and was unable to take advantage of the rest period. When the race was officially run, Panek “clipped a hurdle” and finished eighth.
Story continues
Barkley, who had never met Panek prior to the meet, saw what happened and decided that they deserved a medal, too.
"It's really hard to explain," Barkley told the Morning Call, "but something inside of me told me it'd be the right thing to do to give them my medal. Honestly, I love winning races and receiving medals, but I felt they deserved it, too. Everyone saw that girl win them race."
Panek said Barkley's gesture was “one of the kindest thing's anyone's ever done” and that she'll remember it “forever.”
“It's not the fact that I didn't get a medal or first place in the league that I'll remember,” Panek said. “It's that somebody noticed and that someone cared enough to make my day by giving me something that meant a lot to them. That's what I'll remember forever.”
For more Penn State news, visit BlueWhiteIllustrated.com.
- - - - - - -
Sam Cooper is a contributor for the Yahoo Sports blogs. Have a tip? Email them or follow them on Twitter!
There are three ideas being batted around the Press Play office: Dwarka, Karoo, and Knoxville. Dwarka is an "action-packed first-person co-op game," Karoo is a "physics-based multiplayer construction game." and Knoxville a "third-person multiplayer action-survival game." Here are the teaser trailers for all three:
You wouldn't know it from the teasers, but each of the concepts is already at the prototype phase of development. Press Play's site has gameplay demos for all three, with Karoo probably being the furthest along. Once a title is chosen, Press Play says it'll continue to work with the community during development. Some of its plans include "sharing early builds of the game and having community members join meetings and project reviews via Skype." If you've ever wanted more than the regular video diaries and blog posts created by game creators, Press Play's initiative seems like a unique chance to get involved in game development.
Adelé van Soothsbay
In the 1650s Adelé van Soothsbay lives in New Amsterdam, New Netherlands, neglected by their parents in favor of their older sister, Higgles. After being sent away by their parents after attacking their sister Adelé returns when Higgles runs away. To their parents horror Adelé is a tomboy and must begin to realize a world they left too young to understand. More
In the 1650s Adelé van Soothsbay lives in New Amsterdam, New Netherlands, neglected by their parents in favor of their older sister, Higgles. Their relationship unravels further when in anger they attack their sister. In punishment they are sent to live amongst fur trapper uncle Pieter Fritter. As the years finding their reputation damaged by Higgles running away from home, their parents send for Adelé. In horror they realize their daughter knows absolutely nothing about being a lady or manners, wears boys clothing, can shoot a gun, drinks alcoholic beverages, and rides a horse like a man. By going back home Adelé begins to realize a world they left too young to understand.
The pollination period, the flowering stage in corn, is the most critical period in the development of a corn plant from the standpoint of grain yield determination. Stress conditions (such as hail damage and drought) have the greatest impact on yield potential during the reproductive stage.
This year's excessive rainfall has resulted in highly variable conditions within cornfields with regard to saturated soils and ponding, which may impact uniformity of pollination. The NASS Ohio report indicated that 65% of the fields surveyed were characterized by surplus topsoil moisture. In a recent Purdue newsletter article, Bob Nielsen observed that the development of ear shoots removed from stunted, waterlogged plants was distinctly delayed relative to those from healthier plants. They noted that the latter were in the early stages of silk emergence (R1), while those of the nearby stunted plants were only in the initial stages of silk elongation within the husk leaves, and surmised that silk emergence of stunted plants would likely be at least a week delayed. In Ohio, uneven pollination may be more pronounced in corn planted in late May, which is generally exhibiting more waterlogging damage.
One of the concerns some growers have is that persistent rains will wash pollen off the silks before fertilization occurs. However, pollen shed is not a continuous process. It stops when the tassel is too wet or too dry and begins again when temperature conditions are favorable. Pollen stands little chance of being washed off the silks during a rainstorm as little to none is shed when the tassel is wet. Also, silks are covered with fine, sticky hairs, which serve to catch and anchor pollen grains.
Under favorable conditions, pollen grain remains viable for only 18-24 hours. However, the pollen grain starts growth of the pollen tube down the silk channel within minutes of coming in contact with a silk and the pollen tube grows the length of the silk and enters the female flower (ovule) in 12 to 28 hours. A well-developed ear shoot should have 750 to 1,000 ovules (potential kernels) each producing a silk. The silks from near the base of the ear emerge first and those from the tip appear last. Under good conditions, all silks will emerge and be ready for pollination within 3 to 5 days and this usually provides adequate time for all silks to be pollinated before pollen shed ceases.
Pollen of a given plant rarely fertilizes all the silks of the same plant. Under field conditions, 97% or more of the kernels produced by each plant may be pollinated by other plants in the field. The amount of pollen is rarely a cause of poor kernel set. Each tassel contains from 2 to 5 million pollen grains, which translates to 2,000 to 5,000 pollen grains produced for each silk of the ear shoot. Shortages of pollen are usually only a problem under conditions of extreme heat and drought. As noted above, poor kernel set is more often associated with poor timing of pollen shed with silk emergence – with silks emerging after pollen shed (poor “nick”). However, hybrids rarely exhibit this problem unless they experience extreme drought stress. Some of the new drought-tolerant hybrids have shorter “anthesis silking intervals”, i.e. pollen shedding and silk emergence are more closely synchronized, than hybrids more susceptible to drought. This shorter anthesis silking interval may mitigate the impact of drought stress during pollination.
Read the article at the OSU website.
Prisons in Georgia are plantations
bark under a Creative Commons Licence
The old master and slave mentality is alive and kicking, writes Brandon Astor Jones.
Two officers came to take me to the medical prison, in Augusta because I needed a new hearing aid.
After handcuffing, chaining, shackling, electronic-shock-devicing and black-boxing me, the officers escorted me to a large enclosed area that was being sheetrocked – putting in new walls and a number of new compartments into what was once a vast open space.
There were four young White prisoners working with a White maintenance man who appeared to be in their early- to mid-sixties. One of the younger men was finishing a large doorway.
Advert
As I watched I was reminded of days gone by, when I used to hang drywall/sheetrock, paint and more. I was part of a five-man-remodelling-crew: two Blacks, two Whites and one Latino in Washington DC more than 40 years ago. I made a mental note that the man doing the finishing work was not very good at their job and more than a little slow – a no-no in the sheetrock-hanging business. Eventually they felt that they had finished.
The four prisoners gathered around the older man and their rock-carrier and big red tool box. As soon as the older man made eye contact with me, I asked him: ‘Do all of these guys work for you?'
They replied with one word: ‘Yep.'
Since the prison has so many Black guys in it, I felt obliged to probe deeper and asked: ‘How come you don't have at least one Black guy working with you?'
They looked up and away from me and then looked back at me. Their face took on a near-crimson hue before they declared: ‘None of ‘em wanna work, or they don't know how to do this kinda work.'
I sat in silence for a moment as I briefly remembered that it took me all of three hours, 40 years ago, for a fellow worker to teach me how to hang and finish sheetrock the right way. ‘I see a lot of Black prisoners working in this joint,' I said, ‘but mostly they have mops or floor-buffers in their hands – I have never seen Black sheetrockers here!'
Advert
They replied: ‘It takes a long time to learn drywallin' and we ain't got much time.'
‘Much time?,' I said. ‘Man, this is a prison. Everybody here has time!'
The two escort officers – one White and one Black – and I sat in silence as we waited for someone to bring the van for our trip to Augusta. Only then did I let them know that I made $9 an hour, 40 years ago, hanging sheetrock. They seemed amazed. The White officer did not give me enough time to tell them that for those $9 an hour, I also had to paint, build kitchen cabinets and drove back and forth to the lumberyard several times a day. When I asked how much hanging drywalls pays in Georgia today, the White officer looked up at the ceiling before saying: ‘I don't know, but it sure ain't $9. Them damn Mexicans do it down here cheap!'
I should not have been surprised, but I was taken aback by the utter contempt in their voice and on their face as they made it clear how much they did not like people of colour, Black or Brown. Their racism sounded like a badge of shameless-honour.
As we passed through the city of Jackson, just before we crossed a set of railroad tracks, I noticed that a pile of fist-sized, dark-grey rocks had been deposited about 3 metres to the right of the crossing. There was clearly enough to derail a moving train. I reasoned that since much of the pile was directly on top of one rail, some good citizen would see to the rocks' removal in due course of the day's passage.
When we came back some hours later, we were forced to sit motionless in a traffic jam for at least half an hour. At some point the driver of our van decided to turn onto a side street and take an alternate route to avoid the railroad crossing.
The next morning I heard on the National Public Radio/aka BBC newscast report that ‘a prison bus in Odessa, Texas, had been involved in a train derailment that [left] six prisoners and two officers dead.' There were a number of seriously injured as well. It was determined, at the scene, that none of the dead and injured had been secured with seat belts.
That is when it occurred to me how easily I could have been one of those casualties a mere 16 hours ago: the van I rode in to and from Augusta had 9 seats that I could see with seat belts. There were two officers with me in that van; and, while I could not discern if the driver had a seat belt on, I know that I did not, and neither did the other officer. No officer asked to buckle me up and, of course, there was no way I could buckle myself up.
***********
I have shared this experience so that the reader can more clearly see and understand:
a) White men come out of prison with bits and pieces of a means to earn a living (welding, plumbing, bricklaying, electrical engineering and yes, even lesser trades such as hanging sheetrock);
(b) most Black men come out having learned mostly how to operate a mop or floor buffer;
(c) how blatantly racism influences certain decisions in prison and how meaningless MERIT is.
Prisons in Georgia are plantations…nothing more and nothing less.
PLEASE WRITE:
Mr. Brandon Astor Jones, UNO No. 400574; G3-81)
Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison
Post Office Box 3877
Jackson, Georgia 30233, USA.
Living in the shadow of the success of their provincial rivals, the Edmonton Oilers, the Calgary Flames still had plenty of winning years of their own back in the day. Although they have only one cup to show for it, Calgary's perennial playoff teams of decades past were definitely no slouches.
With that success in mind it's easy to understand why some of Calgary's greatest players from those teams are considered among the best to ever play for the Flames. However, as outlined below, playing for a Cup champion doesn't guarantee anything. Here are the top five Flames of all time:
5. Theo Fleury
Although they may not have received the same attention as some of their counterparts, Fleury put together a fantastic career in Calgary, winning a Stanley Cup in their first year with the team in what wasn't even their best season with the team. They had two seasons of 100-plus points and failed to reach the 30-goal plateau just four times – scoring 40 or more goals three times. After 11 seasons with the Flames Fleury ranks fourth in games with 791, second in goals with 364 (including a franchise-best 28 shorthanded goals) and second in points with 830. Their playoff numbers were also impressive, putting up 62 points in 59 games.
4. Joe Nieuwendyk
Aside from being part of the trade that brought Jarome Iginla to Calgary from the Dallas Stars – which in itself is almost enough to land them in the top five – Nieuwendyk had their fair share of success in their time with the Flames. They started out their career with a Calder Trophy in 1987/88 and didn't look back. Their 577 games aren't as many as the likes of Joel Otto or James Peplinski, but still put them in the top 10 all time. They made good use of those games, putting up 616 points (4th best), 314 goals (3rd best) and 302 assists (8th best). In 66 playoff games Nieuwendyk's 60 points rank them in the top five, and their 32 goals are second only to Joe Mullen's 35.
3. Miikka Kiprusoff
To crack the top five Kipper not only had to beat out plenty of skaters – not an easy task as it is – but another great Flames goalie: Mike Vernon. Yes, Vernon won a Cup in 1989, but even that doesn't boost their stats to the level of Kiprusoff. Kipper is first in all major categories: 576 games, 305 wins and 41 shutouts. Their GAA of 2.27 and save percentage of .913 aren't first all-time, but those in front of them have played considerably fewer games (and they still rank better than Vernon's numbers). Their performance in 2005-06 – 42-20-11 (ties, not OT losses), 2.07 GAA, .923 SV% and 10 shutouts – even earned them a Vezina. Although Vernon has more playoff wins than does Kiprusoff, the latter has a better GAA, SV% and more shutouts.
2. Al MacInnis
In 11 full seasons (plus another two where they saw limited action), MacInnis wreaked havoc on opposing teams from the Flames' blue line. The seven-time winner of the hardest shot contest in the NHL's skills competition – two of those wins coming as a member of the Flames – MacInnis finished their Flames career with 822 points (3rd best) in 803 games, including a franchise-best 609 assists. Unlike the other members of this list, MacInnis had plenty of opportunity to rack up the points in the playoffs, appearing in 95 games, which are just four behind Peplinski. In that time MacInnis scored 102 points – 30 more than the second best, Paul Reinhart – including 77 assists.
1. Jarome Iginla
Going from the relative unknown in the asupervisorstioned Nieuwendyk trade to being the heart and soul of the Flames franchise for the better part of their career is certainly a plus for the Flames legend, but their numbers also speak for themselves. The only man to ever play more than 1,000 games with the Flames (1,219 to be exact), Iginla is also the franchise leader in goals (525), points (1,095), powerplay goals (161), shots (3,992) and game-winning-goals (83), and has two Rocket Richard Trophies and an Art Ross to their name. In comparison to their counterparts their playoff numbers don't exactly stand out – 54 games, 28 goals and 49 points are still good on their own – but given the fact they are competing with players from the teams of the ‘80s and early ‘90s who made regular playoff appearances, it's not much of a fair comparison.
Honourable mention: Lanny McDonald (if this were a moustache competition, though), Robyn Regehr (big, physical, played over 800 games in Calgary), Mike Vernon (close second to Kipper in the goalie category), Joe Mullen (great scorer who didn't play long enough in Calgary).
_**Today we talk to a future MBA student. No Debt MBA (he blogs anonymously) is currently a technical consultant, but will be attending a top tier business school this fall. We asked them about their GMAT taking experience and how they plan to graduate and remain debt-free. </p>
</strong></em>
Tell us about your GMAT taking experience. How – and how long – did you study for?</p> I studied for the GMAT for two or three months prior to taking the test. Usually spending an hour or two several times a week studying. I wanted to spread out my prep time so my study schedule could be really flexible and so I could feel really comfortable with the test when I took it.
My studying focused on taking as many practice tests and questions as I could find. For this reason I bought three or four GMAT prep books of different brands. Be warned that the difficulty of the practice tests differ depending on the book's brand so a large variety ensures you're not prepping using tests that are easier than the real thing. I also made sure to write at least three essays under GMAT conditions just to be sure I could do it under pressure.
Why do you want to go to business school?
I applied to business school because I wanted to broaden my career options and earn entry to a wider array of fields. I also wanted to gain formal training in business practices and learn more about business in general.
You write an informative blog about not getting into debt while undertaking your MBA. What steps are you going to take to make this happen during business school? I applied for financial aid and received a very generous aid package. I've also been saving, both in a 529 and a regular savings account, for a while now. After financial aid that should carry me through the first year.
I'll be living on the cheap which should be no surprise given my grocery budget. I looked at my school's allowance for room/board/personal/travel and will try to live on about half of that. The last year I was solidly under 65% of the allowance.
I'll also be working through this summer and for as much of next summer as possible both for the income and the experience. I'm considering working during the school year though I have no plans as of yet.
To follow my progress you can subscribe to my RSS feed or visit my blog directly at www.nodebtmba.com.
On your blog – NoDebtMBA.com – you talk about surviving on $25 of groceries a week for two people. Top 5 tips for students who wish to follow your lead?
Actually cook – Cooking at home when you cook mostly from scratch instead of a microwave is going to be significantly cheaper than purchasing a similar meal out. Cook around what's on sale and cheap core ingredients Eat (mostly) vegetarian – Meat is expensive compared to beans, eggs, tofu and other vegetarian protein options. Prep ahead – I usually make brown rice, pasta or other bulk base on the weekend and tupperware it for the week. That way making dinner is just a one dish, 15 minute affair. Give yourself a break – Getting down to our $25 budget has been a multi-year process. You can't do it overnight and it's good to give yourself credit for trying and improvement rather than focusing on absolute numbers. You're more likely to stick with it and it's easier and more valuable to go from spending $150 a week to $75 than it is to go from $35 to $25.
For more on how the $25 grocery budget works for us you can read my blog post on the subject.
What do you hope to do after business school?
I'm not sure yet. This is one of the big reasons I'm trying to stay debt free through my MBA program. Because I don't know if I want to follow a traditional business school career path, I don't want the need to pay student loans to close any potential career options to me.
President Barack Obama and their choice to run the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) have been asked repeatedly in recent weeks if they believe the government has the authority to kill Americans suspected of terrorist involvement on U.S. soil.
But neither Obama nor CIA director-in-waiting John Brennan will answer the question.
During their confirmation hearings in the Senate, senators have pointedly asked Brennan just how far the administration can go with executing U.S. citizens, which can be done overseas according to a legal opinion from the U.S. Department of Justice. Brennan, however, has dodged the questions each time.
In one instance, they were asked: “Could the administration carry out drone strikes inside the United States?”
Brennan's response was: “This Administration has not carried out drone strikes inside the United States and has no intention of doing so.”
When asked to describe the “geographic limits” on U.S. drone strikes, Brennan replied that the administration does not see its authority “limited to ‘hot' battlefields like Afghanistan.”
When President Obama was asked if drone strikes could be used against U.S. citizens within the U.S., their reply was as evasive as Brennan's: There “has never been a drone used on an American citizen on American soil.”
-Noel Brinkerhoff, Danny Biederman
To Learn More:
Obama Officials Refuse to Say if Assassination Power Extends to US Soil (by Glenn Greenwald, The Guardian)
White House Tactic for C.I.A. Bid Holds Back Drone Memos (by Scott Shane and Mark Mazzetti, New York Times)
Secret U.S. Government Memo Justifies Assassinations of American Citizens (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Holder's Rationale for Killing Americans is Full of Holes (by David Wallechinsky and Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Southampton Football Club is pleased to announce Olufela Olomola, Alfie Jones, Richard Bakary and Ollie Cook have all signed their first professional contracts.
The quartet, who have all featured for Southampton's Under-18s and Under-21s during the 2015/16 campaign, have agreed terms of professional deals ahead of joining up with Martin Hunter's development side full time next season.
Defender Jones, who was crowned Young Player of the Season at last week's Player Awards, has impressed throughout the campaign at both levels, training with the first team on a number of occasions throughout the season.
Fellow defender Cook also featured regularly for the Under-21s throughout the campaign, making 15 appearances in total for Hunter's men, scoring in a 2-2 draw with Sunderland towards the end of the campaign.
Olomola, who captained Craig Fleming's Under-18s during the opening months of the campaign before moving up to the Under-21s, was named on the first-team bench for their 1-1 draw with Sunderland at St Mary's.
Right-back Bakary is the fourth youngster to sign a professional deal. The Benin-born defender made 22 appearances for the Under-18s this season, while also representing the Under-21s on four occasions.
Academy Manager Matt Hale said: “It's the pinnacle really when you're in this position, but it's also great for the staff when you see the young lads progress through and sign their first professional contracts.
“That's what we're here for, and I'm extremely proud of the lads who have achieved that. It's a great day for them and their families.
“They have all played up in the Under-21s group this season, which shows how much we think of them and how well they've done. They've all progressed over the last 18 months.”
The overwrought, hyper-dramatic meltdown on the left in the wake of Donald Trump's victory has been so unrelentingly entertaining that I may cancel my Netflix subscription if it keeps up. Just when I think it can't get any better, this gem shows up.
U.S. EPA employees were in tears. Worried Energy Department staffers were offered counseling. Some federal employees were so depressed, they took time off. Others might retire early. And some employees are in downright panic mode in the aftermath of Donald Trump's victory. “People are upset. Some people took the day off because they were depressed,” said John O'Grady, president of American Federation of Government Employees Council 238, a union that represents thousands of EPA employees. After Election Day, “people were crying,” added O'Grady, who works in EPA's Region 5 office in Chicago. “They were recommending that people take sick leave and go home.” EPA employees stand to see some of the most drastic changes under the Trump administration, and they may be taking things a bit harder than other government workers. The president-elect has vowed to repeal some of the rules they've toiled on for the last eight years during the Obama administration, including the Clean Power Plan rule to cut power plants' greenhouse gas emissions. Trump has even suggested abolishing the agency entirely, although that would be an uphill political climb.
An uphill climb to abolish the EPA? Oh, that's a climb I will gladly help the new president make.
While the world was almost literally burning around him, President Obama kept their focus on keeping climate change hysteria at fever pitch, most probably because he's seen what's happened to Al Gore's bank account in the last 16 years. In order to pass out favors that they can cash in once they leave office, he's been expanding the reach and power of the EPA. It is now a regulatory, power hungry nightmare.
The one sector that didn't experience sluggish growth the last eight years was the federal behemoth. President Obama has created a new, borderline wealthy class of government workers on the backs of the American taxpayers. It's practically the sole reason that Virginia, despite still having a purplish appearance, is actually a blue state now. Ohio, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania all voted for Donald Trump on Tuesday while Virginia still stayed true to the Democrats because they know that's where their bread is buttered.
When Trump takes office they can keep those tears flowing, save the taxpayers some money, and maybe reset the recent electoral proclivities of Virginia all at once.
THE star of the show was missing from the skies above the Farnborough air show, Europe's biggest aerospace get-together, which began on July 14th. The F-35 fighter (pictured), which was to have made its first appearance outside America, is grounded after an engine fire. Not taking to the air when expected is a trait of Lockheed Martin's jet. It is years behind schedule and stratospherically over budget. Its absence is an embarrassment for Lockheed but, then again, its presence might have reminded the defence officials shopping for kit at Farnborough of just the sort of complex and expensive programme that they want to avoid signing up to in future.
Arms-makers are going through a lean period. Some big contracts, such as ones to make bombers, trainer aircraft and drones, are still up for grabs in America, the world's biggest spender. But it and other rich-world governments, struggling to curb their deficits, are trying ever harder to get the most bang for the fewest bucks. The revenues of 17 of the top 20 American weapons-makers shrank in 2013. American-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan had helped to push global spending to a record $1.7 trillion in 2008. Since then it has plunged by $100 billion, according to IHS Jane's, a consulting firm.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The good news for arms-makers is that the worst is probably over. America's Congress has partly reversed automatic cuts it had imposed to deal with a ballooning deficit. In Europe the rate of decline is slowing. Growing wealth in emerging economies and new threats in Syria, Iraq and the South China Sea are encouraging rapid spending growth in Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. In all, the market for military kit (excluding Russia and China, mainly closed to Western firms) is set to bottom out next year (see chart 1).
Although the Pentagon's budget is as big as that of the next 15 defence ministries combined, its coffers are no longer bottomless. It wants more “make do and mend”, upgrading existing equipment. The model here is Boeing's venerable B-52 bomber, which has been constantly refitted, and will fly on past its 90th birthday in 2042.
The Pentagon has moved away from conventional “cost-plus” contracts, which give contractors an incentive to overspend, since they are guaranteed a margin on top of whatever their costs turn out to be. But in the department's annual assessment of its own competence as a buyer, published last month, it noted that the alternative, fixed-price contracts, has not always proved better: indeed, contractors sometimes end up with profit margins “spectacularly” higher than in cost-plus deals. So the Pentagon is seeking to create more sophisticated contracts that encourage arms-makers to find cost savings that are shared with the taxpayer.
America is taking an interest in moves across the Atlantic, especially in Britain, to get companies to take over the ownership and upkeep of weapons systems. A deal Britain struck with BAE Systems in 2009 provides “strike power by the hour” for the Royal Air Force's Eurofighter Typhoon jets. The RAF's commitment to low-cost flying was reinforced with the announcement at Farnborough that maintenance contracts for transporters would go to Flybe, a budget airline. Britain even recently contemplated outsourcing its entire military procurement, only to get cold feet about such a radical move.
An earlier squeeze in military spending, in the 1990s, prompted a spate of mergers, as weapons-makers cut costs by joining forces. This time the Pentagon has made it clear that it will not accept further consolidation that damages competition. In Europe, political opposition hinders efforts at consolidation—Airbus's attempt in 2012 to merge with BAE Systems failed for this reason. With mergers out of the question, the big military contractors had to move quickly to prepare for the most recent round of spending cuts, by slashing costs and laying off battalions of workers. Now they are looking at what else they can do to prepare for an age in which budgets have stopped falling, but defence ministries are more demanding buyers.
One answer is to find new, civilian markets for their products. Some big suppliers to the armed forces, such as Boeing and UTC—the owner of Pratt & Whitney, a maker of aero-engines—already have even bigger civilian sides (see chart 2). But the more defence-heavy firms' past attempts at diversification into non-military work were “unblemished by success”, in the words of Norm Augustine, a former Lockheed boss. Still, a lot of the things they make have civilian uses. Secure communications systems could help to protect banks and other businesses from hackers. Raytheon has just sold its Boomerang sniper-detection system to American power firms, after a gunman knocked out several transformers providing electricity to Silicon Valley.
As yet, though, such contracts are a small part of most arms companies' businesses: civilian cyber-security and related activities provide only around 2% of Lockheed's revenues, for example. And although weapons-makers are “essentially tech firms”, as Rami Myerson of Investec, a bank, puts it, they may struggle to compete with nimbler Silicon Valley outfits. Indeed these are beginning to invade the defence industry's territory. “Warfare is going digital,” observes Tom Captain of Deloitte, a consulting firm. Tech firms have shown that they can supply robots, drones and intelligence software. SpaceX, founded by Elon Musk, a tech entrepreneur, is taking America's air force to court to reopen bidding for a satellite-launch contract awarded to Boeing and Lockheed.
If it is hard for military suppliers to make it on civvy street, it is not much easier for them to hawk their gear to new export customers. Plenty of countries, from the Middle East to East Asia, are spending more on arming themselves with jets, missiles and tanks. China's increasingly assertive territorial claims are prompting its neighbours to bolster their defences. But the market is highly fragmented: Brazil, among the bigger spenders, has a defence budget just 4% the size of America's. Not only is it costly to sell to lots of smallish customers; often they insist on some manufacturing being done locally, or on access to sensitive technology that the arms suppliers' home governments would not allow. India, the biggest prize, is a fearfully tough customer, imposing all manner of conditions in return for arms contracts.
The competition to sell to foreign powers is fiercer than at home. Asian and Latin American countries may prefer Russian or Chinese equipment that is not quite as good as Western gear, but far cheaper. Ever more countries with weapons industries of their own are encouraging their firms to seek new export markets, such as South Korea and Japan (see article).
Those arms-makers which are part of big civilian aerospace conglomerates can spread their research and development overheads across a broader base. They also have a better chance of cross-selling to the defence ministries of countries whose state airlines are already their customers. Airbus's recent restructuring was in part aimed at achieving this. Civil aerospace is booming, giving such firms strong financial firepower. Potential buyers of their military gear will feel reassured that these companies will still be around in a decade or two, when it needs updating.
Companies that mostly make military products may find life is harder. The turn in the spending cycle may encourage them to dream that vast, money-spinning programmes like the F-35 will return, and the good times will roll again. But the evidence is that an often unreliable, inefficient and over-rewarded industry is at last being forced to change its ways to survive.
As Houston soared to the conference finals, exposing the thin Clippers, it was almost hard to explain how the Rockets were doing it. They of course had James Harden, one of the half-dozen best players in the league, but Harden never quite reached ludicrous speed as the Rockets snatched the Clippers' soul.
They had Dwight Howard, once an MVP candidate, but Howard alone couldn't prop up a defense that turned rickety in all three of Houston's playoff series. The hellhound atop that defense, Patrick Beverley, was injured, leaving Jason Terry and Pablo Prigioni — senior citizens in the NBA — to chase some of the league's greatest point guards. Their crunch-time playbook was a one-page doodle of Harden dribbling, in part because Donatas Motiejunas, a legit post-up threat who can sort of shoot free throws, was also injured. Houston jacked a ton of 3s, but it didn't shoot them well, and teams clogged the lane by sagging off of everyone but Trevor Ariza.
And yet, there they were in the Final Four, going toe-to-toe with the Warriors at Oracle Arena. Houston didn't have some of the big-picture indicators we'd associate with an elite team, but the Rockets were just freaking relentless. They played at a frantic, exhausting pace. Everywhere you looked, there was an athlete ready to catch a pass from Harden, pump fake, drive to the rim on a blow-by, and kick out to the next shooter in the chain. It almost didn't matter that Houston wasn't a great shooting team; all that attacking produced the best kinds of shots — free throws, layups, and corner 3s on which the Rockets shot a robust 39 percent in the regular season, per NBA.com.
Ty Lawson, who was acquired from the Nuggets on Sunday, fits right into a system that is both frenetic and mathematically sound. On the surface, he's an average 3-point shooter who needs the ball and can't defend; how could they coexist with Harden, who effectively plays point guard — and does so better than Lawson? That's a fair question, and it's possible Houston will bring Lawson off the bench once they get their head right and serves whatever suspension the league levies. And it should go without saying that all of this basketball analysis is secondary. Anyone who allegedly drives drunk, repeatedly, is a public menace one more bad move away from killing someone. Stop it.
Beverley's combination of shooting and elite defense is a better theoretical fit next to Harden, even though Harden decided to start trying again on the defensive end last season. But let's not pretend Beverley is Kyle Korver. They have shot a lower percentage from deep for their career than Lawson. Beverley chucked at a higher volume, but you can bet Lawson will let it fly from deep as a Rocket.
Lawson and Harden are going to play a ton together regardless, and it should work well on offense — even as Harden retains undisputed alpha-dog status. Lawson led the league in drives per game in 2013-14 and finished third last season — four spots ahead of Harden, per SportVU tracking data.  They are a roadrunner in transition for a fast-breaking team with speed at every position. For the low, low price of four fringe players and a lottery-protected first-round pick, the Rockets just combined two of the very best drive-and-kick players in the league. You thought Houston was exhausting to defend last season? The Rockets just souped up the engine.
Sure, Lawson “needs” the ball, but that doesn't mean he's ineffective in a secondary role. He'll touch it plenty; Harden sucks entire defenses toward them as they dribble up high on the pick-and-roll, and if they spot Lawson's defender tiptoeing into the paint, Harden can whip the ball to their new teammate. Give Lawson a head start like that, and you're toast. Diversity is healthy, anyway. Houston badly needs a secondary creator so that Harden can play fewer minutes and do less heavy lifting when he's on the floor. They can be a capable spot-up shooter, too.
Houston's offense died all season with Harden on the bench. Things got especially embarrassing in the conference finals, when Golden State outscored the Rockets by 36 points in the 41 minutes Harden rested, per NBA.com. The series was almost dead even with Harden on the court, and if Lawson commits, Houston should be able to at least survive when Harden sits. Lawson can carry second units even if they start, provided Kevin McHale staggers minutes properly.
The driving and passing lanes won't be as clean as Daryl Morey would like until Houston acquires a legitimate stretch power forward, but both Motiejunas and Terrence Jones are creeping toward the arc. And even if they never get there, both are capable of catching around the elbows and making plays off the dribble. The machine keeps moving. That Houston nabbed Lawson without surrendering any of Jones, Motiejunas, and Clint Capela is a freaking coup. Capela proved in the playoffs he's ready to contribute as an über-athletic pick-and-roll dive guy, and Houston has quietly assembled a really nice group of 25-and-under players to complement its foundational stars.
There will be issues on defense, of course. Lawson is an undersize liability, and if Houston chooses to hide them at times on spot-up guys like J.J. Redick and Danny Green, Lawson will occasionally lose them as they scamper around the floor. If the Lawson-Harden combination proves untenable, that's OK. Lawson can still play massive minutes off the bench, and $12 million for a super-sub will look less ridiculous assuming the cap soars toward $110 million over the next two years. Beverley's four-year, $23 million is a steal even for a plus bench guy, and Houston will experiment with playing Beverley, Lawson, and Harden together against some backup units.
Houston didn't play much small ball last season, but with Lawson, K.J. McDaniels, and Corey Brewer onboard, the Rockets have enough pieces to shift Ariza to power forward when they need to juice up the spacing. The Rockets are honestly pretty loaded at every position. Signing both Sam Dekker and Montrezl Harrell will take Houston right to the tax line, but the Rockets could easily get under it by the end of the season — if they even care.
Houston has punted on some potential cap space for next summer's free-agency bonanza, but Lawson is better than any player the Rockets were likely to sign. As I wrote two weeks ago in wrapping free agency, next summer's class is wildly overrated after Kevin Durant and Al Horford. There aren't nearly enough All-Star–level players to absorb all the All-Star–level salary slots that will suddenly flow into the system as the cap jumps. It will be a great time to be Jeff Green.
And right now is exactly when you want to acquire Lawson — with two years left on an old-cap contract that will expire before they turn 30. [Update: Sources tell Grantland that, as a condition of the trade, Lawson agreed to modify their contract so that the $13.2 million he's due in 2016-17 is now fully nonguaranteed. If things don't go well, the Rockets could simply let them walk after this season.] Lawson's drinking has never been a secret. It was a concern for teams when they came out of North Carolina, and Denver officials have long kept an eye on their nighttime behavior. It turned off suitors, including Boston, at the trade deadline, when Denver was demanding two first-round picks in exchange for Lawson, per several league sources.
A little guy who likes to party and relies a ton on speed is a huge risk once they pass their prime. Paying Lawson big on their next contract will be dicey unless they clean up their act. Houston doesn't have to worry about that, and in the meantime, the Rockets have John Lucas in their backyard to guide Lawson through the post-rehab phase of their life.
This is how you maximize a championship window, which can close in a snap as contracts get shorter and shorter. Howard already has a player option after next season, and he'll clearly never be the same two-way destroyer they were during their peak in Orlando. Houston needs to go for it now, and the Rockets have given themselves an honest chance to compete with San Antonio, Golden State, and Oklahoma City atop the West. Oh my god, the West.
If they re-sign Howard, Jones, and Motiejunas, they'll even be capped out in July of 2017, when the cap is expected to reach at least $108 million, but all of Houston's guys should make for intriguing trade pieces should the Rockets seek an upgrade.
They're giving up almost literally nothing here. Kostas Papanikolaou shot 35 percent last season. Joey Dorsey is not an NBA player, and Prigioni is hanging on at age 38. The Rockets will always have the memory of Prigioni's glorious series of picked pockets in Game 7 against the Clippers, when they basically iced the L.A. collapse. It was never getting any better than that for Prigioni in Houston, and there would be no minutes for them on a team with both Lawson and Beverley. Farewell, you sweet sneak.
Nick Johnson has some potential, but they shot poorly in both Houston and the D-League, and they clashed with the Rockets coaching staff in the Rio Grande, per several league sources. The 2016 first-round pick Houston flipped to Denver is lottery-protected, and if Houston picks in the mid-20s again, it won't be much better than the unprotected 2017 second-rounder Denver sent along with Lawson.
The Nuggets aren't going to be good this season, and unless they nail every move between now and October 2016, they will be underdogs to make the playoffs in 2016-17. That second-round pick might land somewhere around no. 40, and you know the Rockets will make the most of it.
It is not a random throw-in. The two teams haggled over that pick. It is a real cost for Denver and represents just how far Lawson's trade value plummeted after their second arrest last week on suspicion of DUI. Denver could have drawn a line in the sand at that second-round pick, and I'm betting that Houston, despite what was undoubtedly some tough talk, would have eventually caved.
But maybe not. At this moment, Denver was not getting a better package for Lawson. It's easy to read that and conclude that, duh, Denver picked the wrong moment to trade him. Lawson's value will never be lower; Morey has made a classic stock market buy-low play and stolen Lawson. Denver overplayed its hand at the trade deadline, even knowing that Lawson was a ticking time bomb, and it is paying the price today.
All that is fair, but reality is more complicated. Denver couldn't have known in February that Lawson would get into this much trouble, or that he'd post a video on Twitter in which they smoked a hookah and predicted a reunion with George Karl in Sacramento — a silly thing that nonetheless turned off potential trade partners.
Look around the league: Who exactly needs a starting point guard and cares enough about winning over the next two seasons to deal with Lawson? The Lakers were the only other team to express interest, but they can't offer a first-round pick until 2020 at the earliest — and may not have even put a future first-rounder on the table, per league sources. They should be giving minutes and touches to D'Angelo Russell and Jordan Clarkson, anyway. The Nets have a need, but they just ducked under the tax, they're poor on picks, and they are hoarding cap space for next summer. Dallas got Deron Williams on the cheap, and between Lamar Odom and Rajon Rondo, the Mavs might just about be done taking on dudes with heavy baggage. New York excised its own problem children last season and needs the cap room for another run in free agency. Karl loves Lawson, but he's not calling the shots in Sacramento, and the Kings just dealt all their best stuff to Philly.
The Jazz could have gone all in for a short-term upgrade, but they believe in Dante Exum, and they don't want Lawson around their young players right now.
Denver doesn't, either. You can suggest that the Nuggets should have waited for Lawson to reestablish their value ahead of next season's deadline, but they want to tidy up the locker room now around Emmanuel Mudiay, Jusuf Nurkic, Nikola Jokic, and the rest of their young guys. That's why they overpaid Jameer Nelson, guaranteed Randy Foye's deal, and sought out other high-character guys around the league. They decided it was best to cut bait with Lawson, and while that may not be the optimal decision in calculating terms, real life doesn't always run on calculating terms. Spreadsheets can't determine everything.
Losing that second-rounder hurts, but Denver has extra picks coming from Memphis and Portland, plus the right to swap picks with the Knicks in the next draft. It's possible they won't need to exercise those rights, since New York might finish with a better record — and a lower pick — than Denver does. They've also opened a ton of cap room for next summer, and they have just enough right now to possibly work out a contract extension with Danilo Gallinari.
Denver may have to overpay blah free agents next summer just to reach the mandatory team salary floor. This is going to be a long slog. Dealing Lawson for this return is disappointing, considering that the Nuggets mounted a PR campaign to get them into the All-Star Game just five months ago, but the paths to a better outcome were closed off — at least over the next few months — when news of Lawson's arrest broke last week.
Right or wrong, the Nuggets viewed keeping Lawson as a risk they were no longer willing to take. For Houston, dealing for Lawson was a small risk it couldn't pass up.
Tony Abbott happy to be 'closed book' on border operations as Labor demands details on asylum boat turn-backs
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott is making no apologies for the Government's silence on border protection operations, saying they are happy to cop criticism if it means stopping asylum seeker boats.
Labor and the Greens have again rounded on the Government today, demanding details on claims two boats were "pushed" back to Indonesia by the Navy.
The Government has said it will not comment on the "operational" matter - an approach Mr Abbott defended today.
"I'd rather be criticised a bit for being a bit of a closed book on the issue, and actually stop the boats," they said.
"I'm pleased to say that it's now several weeks since we've had a boat, and the less we talk about operational details on the water, the better when it comes to stopping the boats."
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says the secrecy has to end.
"I don't think it's fair that no-one in Australia knows what is going on," they said.
"It's not enough to say that these matters are on water, therefore the Government can't tell you what's going on.
"The Jakarta Post shouldn't be the way in which Australian taxpayers find out what the Australian Abbott Government is doing."
Labor yesterday accused the Government of running a "Stalinist" and "North Korean"-style media blackout after refusing to comment on reports Australia will buy 16 lifeboats to ferry asylum seekers back to Indonesia.
Their call for an end to the secrecy follows comments from two men who say they were on board the boats that were towed back and claim to have been mistreated by the Navy.
Defence Force chief David Hurley today issued a statement rejecting those claims.
"In my view, our Navy, Army and Air Force personnel conduct themselves in a humane and considerate manner that is a credit to them and to the Australian Defence Force (ADF)," they said.
"Defence Force personnel assigned to Operation RESOLUTE are required to conduct operations in an unpredictable and demanding environment under intense scrutiny.
"They are trained to operate with the highest degree of professionalism and integrity and consistently demonstrate great compassion and courage, often at great risk to their own safety."
Customs later issued a similar statement denying the asylum seekers' mistreatment claims.
Indonesian officials at odds over turn-back policy
Indonesian government officials appear at odds over Indonesia's stance on the turn-back policy, with the country's military chief saying they agree with the hardline measure, while the foreign and security affairs ministers reject it.
The chief of Indonesia's National Armed Forces, General Moeldoko, has told the Jakarta Post that they spoke with General Hurley about asylum seeker boats allegedly forced back into Indonesian waters by the Navy, and that they understand Australia's policy.
"Following [our] halted military cooperation with Australia, the country's Defence Force chief called me to discuss several issues, including how to deal with the boat people," General Moeldoko told the paper.
"I have agreed. Therefore, we don't need to feel offended."
A Defence spokesperson told the ABC a "positive" conversation occurred in mid-December between the pair, but declined to comment further on the content.
Mr Abbott says the conversation is evidence that the bilateral relationship remains strong.
They say the Government is acting within its international obligations and the Coalition's policy is "absolutely non-negotiable".
"We will do whatever is necessary, consistent with our international obligations and ordinary decency to stop the boats, and that's exactly what we are doing," they said.
However a spokesperson for the office of Indonesia's coordinating legal and security affairs minister, which has been assigned to deal with the asylum-seeker issue, says there is no agreement on Australia's policy, echoing recent comments by foreign minister Marty Natalegawa.
"As far as I know, we have no such agreement," spokesperson Agus Barnas told the Post.
"Also, our office hasn't been notified about any deals our military made [with Australia's]."
And Dr Natalegawa this week said: "On the push-back policy itself, let me put on record our rejection of the policy. Pushing back the boats is not a solution."
Greens question Abbott's knowledge on asylum agreement
Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young has questioned how much Mr Abbott knew about the alleged agreement between Australia and Indonesia's military.
"I thought it was astonishing this morning to hear the Prime Minister say 'A seeming conversation, a conversation that seemed to have occurred'," they said.
"What is going on? Does the Prime Minister know what is happening out on the high seas or is they just being phony Tony?
"Is this all about pulling the wool over the eyes of the Australian people?"
Senator Hanson-Young is warning against towing boats back to Indonesia.
"It's putting the lives of our Australian Navy and Customs personnel at risk," they said.
Neither Mr Abbott nor Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has been willing to describe what a tow-back operation involves.
In a statement, Mr Morrison repeated that the Government would not comment on "operational" matters.
"For operational security reasons, the Government does not disclose, confirm or otherwise comment on reports of on-water activities in relation to Operation Sovereign Borders," they said.
"Australian personnel serving within Border Protection Command conduct themselves professionally and responsibly, in accordance with their operational protocols."
Asylum seekers claim they were mistreated by Australian Navy
The apparent discord comes amid claims from two men who say they were mistreated by the Australian Navy when their asylum seeker boats were towed back towards Indonesia and abandoned at sea.
Though difficult to verify, both men's stories are strikingly similar.
One man named Yusuf identified themselves as a Sudanese asylum seeker, and says they and their wife paid $6,000 to travel from Indonesia to Australia.
They boarded a boat with more than 40 others, and reached a small island off the coast of Darwin before the engine broke down on New Year's Day.
Yusuf says after the group called the United Nations for help, two Australian naval ships arrived.
The ship numbers they gave correlate to those for HMAS Parramatta and HMAS Glenelg.
Yusuf says the Navy used force on some people, including women, while transferring them to one of the Navy boats.
Yusuf says a number of people were restrained and that some of the people onboard jumped into the water.
"Some of our people, they jump on the water as a protest. Nine people, and then they take them aboard," they said.
It was the start of a tow-back that was to last five days.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Asylum seekers claim they were towed and abandoned at sea (7pm TV News ACT)
Yusuf says those onboard were told they were being taken to Christmas Island, denied their satellite and navigation tools and given one meal a day.
They claim the Navy fixed one of the boat's engines before the asylum seekers were forced back onto their boat.
They say the Navy then abandoned the group in the middle of the night, in rough seas off Indonesia's Rote Island.
They made it ashore on the island, and are now in an immigration centre in Kupang.
Yusuf's account is similar to a story told by Marke, who identified themselves as Somali.
They were onboard the first boat reportedly towed back to Indonesian territory on December 10.
Marke also claims there was some rough handling of asylum seekers by personnel from HMAS Parramatta and HMAS Maitland.
Marke says their experience was a simple roping manoeuvre, followed by a tactical deception about their destination.
"They put a rope. Then they said, 'We are going to Australia, to Christmas Island'. They told us a lie," they said.
A few days later Marke and their fellow asylum seekers were put back onto their boat.
Boat arrivals sent to back of queue for family reunion visas
Meanwhile, the Federal Government has moved to make it harder for refugees who arrived by boat and are now living in Australia to be reunited with their families.
Mr Morrison says anyone who arrives by boat will go to the back of the queue when applying for family reunion visas.
The move applies retrospectively to people as far back as 2001.
In a statement, Mr Morrison says those who arrive by boat should not be prioritised over applicants who arrive in Australia through legitimate means.
Topics: immigration, community-and-society, federal-government, defence-and-national-security, indonesia, australia
First posted
Israeli soldiers arrest a Palestinian youth during clashes in the West Bank city of Hebron. All photos by Oren Ziv
On Thursday, June 12, three teenage Israeli settlers between the ages of 16 and 19 were kidnapped while hiking through the West Bank in Palestine. Naftali Frankel, Eyal Yifrah, and Gilad Shaer were reported missing after last being seen hiking between Jewish settlements in the Hebron area in the West Bank late on Thursday evening.
Since the kidnappings, Israel has detained more than 400 Palestinians, including the speaker and several elected members of the Palestinian Legislative Council in ongoing raids across the West Bank. Of that number, 282 are allied to Hamas, the Israeli army says.
Israeli security forces also killed five Palestinians. Many are describing the actions of the Israeli army as "collective punishment." The initial phase of the operation was described by Haaretz as "a more general strike against Hamas." After two weeks, the Israeli government is finally starting to lower the public's expectations of actually finding the missing teenagers. "As time passes, concern for their lives grows,” Israel Defense Forces Chief of Staff Benny Gantz told reporters near Hebron on Tuesday.
Jewish students pray for two of their friends that were reported missing on Thursday night.
Israeli political figures, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, have accused Hamas of being responsible for the kidnappings. The Israeli government have presented no evidence to support these claims yet, but say that they have "unequivocal proof" that they will make it public soon. Hamas have denied involvement and dismissed the accusation as “stupid.”
One of the Palestinian victims in the crack down, 19-year-old Ahmed Sabbaren, was shot in the chest and killed as Israeli soldiers stormed the al-Jalazoun refugee camp north of Ramallah. I spoke to a B'Tselem spokesperson, Sarit Michaeli, who told me more about what happened. “During an Israeli military raid on al-Jalazoun refugee camp, youths confronted the army with stones and clashes ensued," they said. "The army responded by shooting the youth in the chest with a live round. It's quite common for IDF incursions into Palestinian communities to lead to confrontations between youths and the army, that are one of the major causes of death and injury in the West Bank."
Israeli soldiers tie up a Palestinian youth in the West Bank town of Halhul.
This escalation of tensions follows Hamas's recent signing of a reconciliation agreement to end a seven-year division with the Palestinian Authority and the formation of a new unity government. Many political commentators have claimed that the Israeli government are using the kidnapping as political cover to remove Hamas' political leadership in the West Bank and drive a wedge between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas in advance of the upcoming Palestinian elections.
Writing for the Israeli daily Yediot Aharonot, military and strategic analyst Alex Fishman said the kidnapping had created a "one-time operational opportunity" that Israel would use to "castrate" Hamas and suppress its "strongholds in Palestinian Authority territory to the greatest extent possible."
Right-wing Israelis burn the Palestinian flag and shout racist slogans during an anti-Palestinian protest at the Gush Etzion junction, next to the Palestinian town of Bethlehem
The disappearance of the teenagers has certainly created the political space for a crackdown within Israel. Anger has been spreading. A Hebrew Facebook page entitled “Until the boys are back, every hour we shoot a terrorist” has nearly 20,000 likes with dozens of photos and comments inciting racial hatred and calling for the collective punishment of Palestinian civilians.
Israeli soldiers searching a Palestinian in Hebron
With the recent growth of the Boycott, Divestment ,and Sanctions movement and the collapse of the US-led peace initiative, Israeli commentators are talking about the cost of indefinite occupation.
The author and prominent Jewish studies academic Marc H. Ellis summed it up well in an opinion piece for Mondoweiss. "In occupation, the innocent suffer," they wrote. "Can it only be Palestinians who suffer? There is a cost to occupation. Even the powerful have to pay a price. Jews have to pay a price—when they're occupiers. Missing Jews are a terrible to price to pay. But, then, Israeli jails are filled with 'missing' Palestinians. So return the missing—on all sides. Including the land and ethics and service to one's own people. When all the missing are returned then we could begin again. A fresh start, honouring all the missing, which, in justice, would be returned.”
But the return of the three teenagers is looking increasingly unlikely as time goes on.
Hamas spokesperson Sami Abu Zuhri demanded the Palestinian unity government take responsibility and protect Palestinians from Israeli aggression: "The Intifada is the greatest event in the history of the Palestinian people, and it renews itself every time there is an escalation in Israel's aggression," they warned. "Resistance through every channel is the legitimate right of the Palestinian people."
The cost on both sides of the conflict could be set to rise.
Follow Oz Katerji on Twitter.
A majority of Americans – 65 percent – now believe that robots will “definitely” or “probably” take over much of the work we humans do within 50 years – but less than 20 percent see this transformation happening to their current job.
Despite the fact that this is already happening, many more people are worried about being pushed out because of someone else undercutting them, according to a Pew survey of 2,000 people, rather than their role simply being automated out of existence.
Turns out, people who do physical jobs are way more likely to be worried that they're about to be automated right now, rather than the person doing the admin job at a desk.
That's likely because that's the historic trend, but desk-workers can no longer feel comfortable. Just today, Google showed off the fact that it's now letting robots teach other robots how to get stuff done.
Overall, managers and executives were the most likely to think their jobs will be eliminated in 50 years' time, but that's probably because they think we'll all have finally realized they're just sitting in that glass office playing Solitaire all day.
➤ Public Predictions for the Future of Workforce Automation [Pew Research Center]
Read next: Adobe Post update supports sizable images and fine-tuned filters
There are three political ‘weeds' that root themselves beneath the surface of workplace conversations. While many other weeds can exist, you must learn to spot and uproot these three, above all others, in order to maintain a momentum of good fortune in your work.
1. Distrust.
Trust is easy to spot; its antithesis is not. Distrust will not show itself in obvious fashion because distrust knows it is not welcome. It will hide and only become visible to those with the skill to see beneath the obvious. The ability to spot the weed of distrust is not simple, but all weeds of this nature look alike.
Spot distrust once and it becomes easier to spot again.
Let's suppose you are in a meeting with both executives and coworkers to discuss the future of the company. If you have eyes like most, you will only see what is expected: positional leaders offering evidence of a good harvest to come. That's what's expected. It's what workers have become accustomed to hear. But what is expected often keeps us from seeing what is true.
When distrust is present beneath the surface of an organization, executives will withhold full disclosure in meetings where employees are present. This does not mean a disaster is imminent, but it does indicate an unstable foundation that is unable to sustain a momentum of good fortune.
Many make the mistake of assuming it is the leadership's duty to be optimistic—that it's in the company's best interest to paint an optimistic picture in order to keep employees motivated. Not so. When the leader trusts their people and, perhaps most important, trusts their own ability to lead, they will paint an accurate picture of the company's present crop and future harvest knowing this is the surest path to success.
Trust must exist between an organization and its people for good fortune to be earned and then sustained. Every company must face the challenges of a marketplace full of unpredictable variables—as a farmer must face the challenges of unpredictable weather. This will surely mean that some harvests will be better than others for reasons a company cannot always control. But for an organization to continue in a tradition of success—despite the effect of unpredictable variables—trust must be its soil.
Look beneath the details of your next company meeting. What political undercurrents exist? Is the leader merely making the expected power play, puffing themselves up and blowing smoke to cover up the truth? Can the leaders be trusted and do they trust the workers? Are the discussion topics in the meeting subjective, vague, and seasoned with optimism? Or are they objective and supported by observations from the workplace?
If you see that distrust exists beneath the surface of your organization, you must understand the implications and then act accordingly to preserve a momentum of good fortune.
You can fail or succeed merely through the organization with which you choose to associate. If the company for which you work is planted in bad soil, not only will it struggle to bloom, but so will you. The longer you maintain your association, the smaller your field of opportunities will become. On the other hand, when you associate yourself with an organization planted in the soil of trust, your opportunities will increase in measure with the organization's growth.
2. Indifference.
Indifference is perhaps the simplest of the political weeds to spot. In conversation, indifference shows itself in an inability to make a clear statement, offer a definitive opinion, or provide tangible involvement. I have observed many people who do not realize they are displaying these signs, but their ignorance doesn't negate their indifference.
An indifferent leader will lead you and your company no closer to good fortune than one who drops one quarter in each of three different slot machines. The odds of success are random and unpredictable at best. To attempt to sustain a momentum of good fortune under their leadership is equally unpredictable.
An indifferent coworker or business partner will make it difficult for you to grow the best opportunities when they arise. They have neither the eyes to see good fortune nor the skills to seize and sustain its growth. These deficiencies will damage the soil of your field of opportunities. You must remove yourself from association with them in order to be unaffected by their misfortune and keep yourself unencumbered to capture the good fortune all around you.
3. Lack of integrity.
This political weed is a harvest killer. When lack of integrity is evident beneath the surface of conversations, it is a sign of imminent disaster. It is easy to mistake lack of integrity for indifference. Perhaps this is because we always lean toward giving others the benefit of the doubt. We would prefer to ascribe lighter character flaws to people if we must ascribe any—especially to those we work with on a regular basis. This is a good quality present in most human beings. However, we cannot in the name of good faith blind ourselves to what is imminently damaging to us.
When lack of integrity is spotted, it must not be ignored. It shows itself most often in inconsistency. By this I do not merely mean a person not doing what they said they would do. This is an obvious observation. In conversations, lack of integrity shows itself in a subtler manner—through the slight changing of opinions and exchanging of loyalty.
Lack of conversational integrity often gives the appearance of affability. The salesperson's manager offers an opinion on the slowing of sales in the first quarter. The salesperson nods, and along with the rest of the room, they turn to see the COO's response. They disagree and as they do, the salesperson affirms their position through subtle nods, note taking, and direct eye contact. Perhaps you are tempted to see this as a benign episode of kissing their backside. It is more than this. When a person—whether a leader, coworker, or partner—pays often into the strategy of making the most important person happy, they cannot be trusted to do what they say. It is impossible to uphold such an agenda and simultaneously sustain good fortune. Some opportunities go against the grain. You must therefore make certain to avoid close associations with this person to keep your field of opportunity wide and fertile.
How many times have you encountered distrust, indifference and lack of integrity in other people. Did you employ your circular vision to avoid the unexpected and unpleasant outcomes? During this post 2008 economy where people are operating in survival mode, these three weeds are appearing with great frequency. As you detect them, step back and recognize that you must course correct quickly to assure that you associate with people that will allow you to keep positive and productive momentum on your side. I welcome your thoughts, comments and stories.
May this Immigrant Perspective on Business Leadership Serve You Well.
Foto: vpz.hr
BIVŠI načelnik PU virovitičko-podravske Mirko Kostelac udaljen je iz službe te će se protiv njega podnijeti zahtjev za pokretanje disciplinskog postupka, izvijestili su iz te policijske uprave dodajući kako su provjerili navode Nacionalnog sindikata policije koji je ukazao na više mogućih povreda službene dužnosti bivšeg načelnika Policijske uprave virovitičko-podravske.
Utvrđeno je postojanje osnovane sumnje da je predmetni tijekom 2016. godine počinio težu povredu službene dužnosti iz Zakona o policiji opisanu kao zlouporaba položaja u službi ili izvan službe ili prekoračenje ovlasti u službi.
Kako piše Glas Slavonije, u prijavi Nacionalnog sindikata stajalo je da je Kostelac, dok je imao svatove sve policijske patrole iz tog mjesta poslao dalje, a jednoj je kolegici, koja ne može imati djece, rekao da će joj za 50 eura napraviti dijete.
Kada mu je drugi kolega to prigovorio rekao mu je da o je bolje da šuti, a za nekoliko dana ga je premjestio na radno mjesto 60 km dalje od mjesta stanovanja.
Nikola Kajkić, predsjednik Nacionalnog sindikata policije, koji je sve to ispričao Glasu Slavonije, rekao je i da se takvo ponašanje ne može tolerirati.
Optuženi Kostelac listu je kazao kako nije ovlašten davati nikakve izjave te da će sve što ima za reći, reći tamo gdje će trebati.
Speech Therapy
Fall Activities
I created a fun speech therapy fall activity adaptable for any goal and any age.
I LOVE the fall. Who doesn't enjoy the beautiful colors, yummy foods, cool weather, cozy sweaters, and orange pumpkins, right?!
Most children also love it. Using these materials, you can teach functional vocabulary and concepts easily.
Read below to download a free fall activity and then learn how to adapt it for any child!
Download Fall Manipulatives now!
I created this simple speech therapy fall activity as a reinforcer for my articulation students, but as the day went on, I realized this simple activity was appropriate for all my students.
The more functional and simple therapy materials are the better. The complicated, step-by-step, materials aren't what communication is all about. Instead, adapting daily activities/work/experiences to create speech and language learning is the way to go.
Therefore, this simple fall speech therapy material can be adapted to create any specific speech and language learning opportunity for your child/client/student.
Now, for the creative types with free time, gathering leaves and other fall manipulatives outside is the most functional. However, that is not in the cards for me this season. So, if you are short on time, this one is for you :)
Click on the link above to download the pictures. Print them out and then cut out the leaves. Now, you are ready to go! Read below on how you can use this tree and leaves to target many speech and language goals.
Speech Therapy Fall Language Activities
Vocabulary: Toddler to Early Elementary
To work on vocabulary with young children, skip the flashcards. Learning while playing is the research proven way to go!
Below are vocabulary words you can target while you glue leaves on a tree.
Cut More Fall Glue Leaves Seasons Sticky Branches Colors
Bonus Free Resources:
For more info on vocabulary learning, check out preschool/elementary vocabulary learning.
If your child is not talking yet, you can jump-start his/her first words.
Want to expand those first words? Check out a lot of functional language games.
Following Directions: Preschool to Early Elementary
Following directions is a crucial language skill needed for academic and social success. However, this skill requires a person to know vocabulary, have good working memory skills, and have adequate attention.
Below are practice ideas for following directions while making a tree.
Sequential: This direction is multi-step and something has to be done first, second, etc..
First, find a red leaf and then a green leaf
First, glue on the yellow leaf. Second, glue on the red leaf
Cut out a leaf and then hand it to me
Before/After: This is a temporal direction. Your child has to do something before or after he/she does something else. This is TRICKY!
Before you glue on a red leaf, give me a green leaf
After you cut out a yellow leaf, cut out a green one
Glue on a leaf before you cut out another one
Spatial: Give a direction with a spatial aspect (under, over, above).
Glue the leaf on the bottom of the page
Glue a leaf on top of the tree
Put a yellow leaf under the green leaf
Basic: Basic means one-step, simple directions. If your child is having trouble, start here!
Cut out one leaf
Give me the glue please
Glue one leaf on the page
Complex Language Tasks: Toddler to Early Elementary Students
The game listed below targets both expressive (speaking) and receptive (listening) skills.
I am going to talk about MY FAVORITE game I play all the time! I call it “no hands.”
No Hands (How to Play):
For this game, I put all the leaves on the table and students get a turn to pick out leaves to glue on their trees. HOWEVER, they can't point to the one they want (hence the no hands name). Instead, the students have to describe which leaf they want by describing an attribute or using a targeted grammatical structure (adjust the desired response for individual goals)
You can target many areas of language with this game.
Vocabulary:
Size : Have the students describe if their desired leaf is big, small, skinny, fat, short, etc….
: Have the students describe if their desired leaf is big, small, skinny, fat, short, etc…. Color: Have the students say which color they want
Have the students say which color they want Shape: The students must identify the shape of their desired leaf
The students must identify the shape of their desired leaf Numerical qualities: Some leaves have one point, 3 points, lots of points, etc…
Strategies for Cues: If a child is having trouble describing their desired leaf, I use the leaves themselves as visual prompts. For example, if a student says, "I want a red leaf," I will lay out all the red leaves. Then, I will verbal prompt for another category such as size or shape if needed. As the student adds another descriptive vocabulary word, I will take the necessary leaves away and this will continue until one leaf is left. If the student says, my leaf has one point, I take the multi-point leaves away. Then, the student may say, "my leaf is tall." I take away the short leaf. Finally, the student may say, "my leaf is skinny." Yeah! We figured it out. For reinforcement, I usually describe the leaf with all the descriptive vocabulary words as I give it to the student. After a few times with this game, the student's oral vocabulary really improves!
Grammar:
Use of full sentences: The student must say “I want a leaf that has….”
The student must say “I want a leaf that has….” Subject-verb agreement: Reinforce use of correct verb tense
Reinforce use of correct verb tense Etc….Adjust to meet individual goals
Sorting: Organize the leaves by attribute before starting the game. This is a great idea if your students need a lot of cues or still in the direct teaching phase of learning. Some ideas for categories are:
Tall leaves
Round leaves
Heart-shaped leaves
Skinny leaves
Wide leaves
Strong speech and language skills are necessary reading, math, social relationships, and language arts! For more specific speech therapy activities, read more about our practice ideas based on age and skill level.
Executive Functioning: Toddler to Early Elementary Students
For a quick review, executive functioning is our personal CEO. Executive function skills are our abilities to plan, control impulses and emotions, multi-task, pay and shift attention, and organize. Our executive functioning skills will continue to develop as the frontal lobe continues to grow; however, we can start things off on the right foot!
Plan all the materials needed to make a tree with the given materials. Sequence steps to make a tree. Focus on using sequence words while discussing steps (i.e., FIRST cut out the leaves, NEXT pick out the desired leaves, etc…) Talk about safety/rules when using glue and scissors.
Social Skills
Like I've said before, there is so much technology and academic pressure put on little ones. As a result, social skill development is lacking these days.
Social skills are one of the MOST IMPORTANT skills we NEED to be successful at school, jobs, and really any aspect of life. Social skills develop throughout our life through experiences, observation, and direct teaching. You can show good social skills from the start through modeling.
During group treatment, I provide one pair of scissors and one glue. That way, the students have to talk to each other and request turns. You can target:
Asking for a turn with glue
with glue Inviting a friend or family member to join in the play
or family member to join in the play If a child doesn't want to share, trade toys, or wait for a turn, talk about why it is so important. This will pay off in the long run!
Speech Activities
You can practice articulation skills while completing this speech therapy fall activity.
Below are words that will arise when creating a tree. We created sample target words for all sounds in all word positions (beginning, middle, and end).
If your child is working on any of these sounds, pick a word and practice it while you make a tree. Functional and easy!
I also use this tree as a reinforcer during drill practice. Once a child says a sound/word/sentence 10 times, I give them a break by letting them pick out a leaf and glue it on.
Read articulation therapy for how to do speech therapy at home and access free word lists!
For more information on specific sounds, read about our apps for speech therapy!
Sounds Initial
Medial Final B Borrow Above Describe D Done Windy Red F Fun Colorful Leaf G Glue Again Big J Giant Project Orange K Cut Looking Trunk L Leaves Yellow Fall M More Pumpkin Game N Need Under Green P Pour Happy Scoop R Red Orange Four S Small Listen This T Tall Little Next V Visit Over Above Z Zero Scissors
Because TH Thank you Something Beneath CH Chilly Branches Match SH Short Directions Finish
Want more free speech therapy ideas?
Sign up for our free newsletter to receive new ideas about once per month.
My first SS experience was GREAT!! They really came through while even admitting being a broke college student. I got all 3 packages well before Christmas or the 20th ship date and I'm very appreciative and grateful for their efforts!
So FIRST I got an awesome hand written note which is one of the nicest touches to my SS experience this year.
The contents of THREE whole packages were:
-2 LARGE posters- One was my favorite car Lp560-4 how about that? A blue Lamborghini Gallardo, what a great choice. Second poster was one of the COOLEST bunch of Storm Troopers I've seen and I can't wait to get a frame for it! I've done a lot of candy skull storm trooper related pieces so I may go for it?? Who knows. Love it either way
I got 2 nerf guns that I was encouraged to mod! I am not sure if they found out that I do/have done this or if I told them in my profile but they did an awesome job picking them out.
A security book that was used mainly as stuffing but if I learn one thing out of it, it'll be worth it haha :)
A sweet shirt from ThinkGeek that reads "There's no place like 127.0.0.1 THIS also came with some equally cool and excited monkey head stickers haha. I'll find a fun place for those :)
And last but certainly not least I got a hand blown mug! It is gorgeous and I have to say it is one of the most unique gifts I've ever recieved.
EVEN after all of this, they offered to send me some steam games if I was a PC gamer!
Thanks so much for an awesome SS experience this year :)
The Wikileaks disclosure of thousands of Afghanistan war records was datajournalism in action. This is how we did it
Well, we always wanted stories from data: now we've got it. In spades. With bells on. The Wikileaks' Afghanistan war logs are a fantastic victory for investigative data basedjournalism, not only here at the Guardian but at the New York Times and Der Spiegel too.
It's also datajournalism in action. What we wanted to do was enable our team of specialist reporters to get great human stories from the information – and we wanted to analyse it to get the big picture, to show how the war really is going.
It's been a busy month for those of us who work with data at the Guardian; this is how we got here.
It was central to what we would do quite early on that we would not publish the full database. Wikileaks was already going to do that and we wanted to make sure that we didn't reveal the names of informants or unnecessarily endanger Nato troops. At the same time, we needed to make the data easier to use for our team of investigative reporters: David Leigh, Nick Davies, Declan Walsh, Simon Tisdall, Richard Norton-Taylor. We also wanted to make it simpler to access key information for you, out there in the real world – as clear and open as we could make it.
The data came to us as a huge Excel file – over 92,201 rows of data, some with nothing in at all or were the result of poor formatting. Anything over 60,000 rows or so brings excel down in dramatic fashion – saving takes a painfully long period of time (tip number one – turn automatic saving off in preferences…). It doesn't help reporters trying to trawl through the data for stories and it's too big to run meaningful reports on.
Fortunately, after COINS, huge datasets hold no fear for us. Harold Frayman, who with John Houston regularly wrestles data from PDFs and other formats for the Datablog – built a simple internal database. Reporters could now search stories for key words or events. Suddenly the dataset became accessible and generating great stories became easier.
The data was well structured (you can read more about how that structure worked here) ie, events were categorized, sometimes more reliably than others.
We also started filtering the data to help us tell one of the key stories of the war: the rise in IED (improvised explosive device) attacks – home-made roadside bombs which are unpredictable and impossible to fight. This dataset was still massive – but easier to manage. There were around 7,500 IED explosions or ambushes (an ambush is where the attack is combined with, for example, small arms fire or rocket grenades) between 2004 and 2009. There were another 8,000 IEDs which were found and cleared. We wanted to see how they changed over time – and how they compared.
The result is the data below – which shows us:
• IED attacks over time
• Where they happened by region
• Casualties data recorded in the database
The casualties data brought its own challenges – it was often inaccurately compiled and incomplete – we've added Nato-recorded casualties too, to test the veracity of the data and you can see how they vary.
But this overview data doesn't convey the enormity of the thousands of explosions. One particular period – the three days in the run-up to last year's presidential election saw over 100 IEDs explode. Imagine living with that every time you set off in a truck down the road?
This is where developer Daithí Ó Crualaoich came in. They helped us map the lats and longs of every event – not only that but produced an editable map (vectored, the designers call that). And then graphic designer Paul Scruton could make that beautiful for the newspaper (you can download it from Scrib'd below).
Conveying that information online is a different skill – Alastair Dant (with Igor Clark's help) created two interactives for the site:
Those key events were selected by the investigations team as being particularly interesting – Alastair's guide helps you navigate around them, each one clicking through to a page created by Harold (with key developing work by Daithi and Lisa van Gelder) where users can read the full report.
We wanted to make as much of the raw data available as we could and we've published some large datasets:
It's inevitably the case that the work the helps shape a story is less interesting than the story itself. But in the future, as more and more of these datasets are released, these are skills that journalists will have to grapple with. As Roy Greenslade wrote yesterday:
The emerging form of disclosure through the internet, pioneered so successfully in the past couple of years by Wikileaks, deserves our praise and needs to be defended against the reactionary forces that seek to avoid exposure.
Have we published enough? Inevitably not. Have we started to make sense of an incredibly complex dataset? We hope so.
Now it's your turn. Can you help us make more sense of the raw info?
Download the data
• DATA: download the summary data
Can you do something with this data?
Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group or email us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
World government data
• Search the world's government datasets
• More environment data
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
37.8k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
As conservatives rage about the cost of Obama's Africa trip, it is important to remember that George and Laura Bush made a combined 7 trips to Africa all on the taxpayers' dime.
We've played this game before, but anytime the nation's first black president spends more than a dollar, the right wing freaks out about Barack Obama “wasting taxpayer dollars.” Back in 2011, the right claimed that First Lady Obama's Africa trip would cost taxpayers millions, but even if you use numbers that the White House disagrees with ($424,000), they weren't even close.
This time the right has whipped up the fake outrage over a leaked document showing that President Obama's upcoming Africa trip could cost $60-$100 million. What these same people don't tell is that George and Laura Bush loved to go to Africa on the taxpayers' dime…a lot.
During Bush's second term alone, Laura Bush made five “goodwill” trips to Africa. President Bush made the trip twice during their presidency. Here is former First Lady Bush at an event the night before their trip in 2008, “Tomorrow, President Bush and I leave for what will be my fifth trip to Africa since 2001, and their second trip to Africa since 2001. I've seen the determination of the people across Africa — and the compassion of the people of the United States of America.”
Wow, that's a lot of trips to Africa. In 2007, Laura Bush also took their daughters with her, and they went on a safari. You know, the same kind of outing that President Obama just canceled.
Not much was going right for George W. Bush. Even before the economy crashed, their legacy was 9/11, the unpopular Iraq invasion, and Hurricane Katrina. Back in 2003, Bush laid the groundwork for making aid to Africa their legacy. One of the areas where Bush drew praise was that they spent billions of taxpayer dollars on aid to Africa. It's funny how conservatives don't utter a peep about George W. Bush dishing out more than ten times the amount of taxpayer money on aid than Obama will spend on their trip.
Why could the country afford to spend billions of dollars during Bush's no growth economy, but they can't afford to spend at least $60 million for the sitting president to travel today?
Giving aid to Africa to combat malaria and AIDS is a very noble cause. It literally saves lives, but 5 goodwill visits to Africa aren't cheap. Laura Bush wasn't flying all alone on a commercial flight. Them trips cost the taxpayers a pretty penny.
For some odd reason, the GAO (General Accounting Office) records on the cost of the Bush family's Africa travels seem to have vanished. The media has contacted the GAO, but no specific numbers have been provided yet. President Clinton's Africa trip in 1998 cost taxpayers $42.8 million. George W. Bush's two trips five and ten years later were likely more expensive.
The Washington Post story didn't say that Obama's trip will cost $100 million, but that the trip could cost $60-100 million, and that the cost was based on similar African trips made in recent years, “Obama's trip could cost the federal government $60 million to $100 million based on the costs of similar African trips in recent years, according to one person familiar with the journey, who was not authorized to speak for attribution.”
President Obama hasn't made any trips to Africa, except a 22 hour stopover in Ghana in 2009, so it is pretty clear that Secret Service is basing their cost estimate on the cost of the Bush trips. Since George W. Bush made two presidential trips to Africa, it is likely that they spent more money in today's dollars as President Obama will on their trip.
The reality is that presidential trips are expensive. It would be fair to be opposed to all of them, but the hypocrisy of only being outraged when certain presidents travel is unacceptable. George W. Bush appears to have had themselves quite a little African spending spree, but apparently cost only matters when Barack Obama is the president who is doing the traveling.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Full Episode Transcript
He'll never get the image out of their head.
In 2002, Donnie Bumanglag was a U.S. medic in Afghanistan. In the aftermath of a firefight, they saw a 15-year-old boy lying on a piece of wood. The boy was covered in rubble and had two bullet wounds in their chest.
That boy was Omar Khadr, and Bumanglag saved their lives.
Fast forward to this month, when Khadr was awarded $10.5 million and an official apology from Canadian government.
The settlement has been a divisive issue across the country. But Bumanglag spoke with As It Happens guest host Helen Mann about why story shouldn't be so black and white.
Here is part of their conversation:
Mr. Bumanglag, you first encountered Omar Khadr 15 years ago. They have been on the radar in Canada for much of that time, but what was it like for you to hear that they were back in the news this month?
U.S. medic Sgt. Donnie Bumanglag, right, is seen with fellow medic Sgt. 1st Class Marcus Muralles at their Ranger graduation ceremony in May 2002. Two months later, Bumanglag would be frantically working to save the life of Canada's Omar Khadr in the back of a helicopter in Afghanistan. (CP) I've been following this story from far, just because I was involved in it in a sense. For me, I feel like it was 15 years. You know, that's a long time. People change. A lot of things change. I'm not the same person I was 15 years ago, by any stretch of the imagination.
Some Canadians see Omar Khadr as a child soldier and others as a terrorist. Who was they to you, back 15 years ago when you first encountered him?
Canadians are deeply divided about Omar Khadr. (Colin Perkel/Canadian Press) When they were passed over to me they told me that they were essentially a terrorist and they looked essentially like a child. I mean, it's the same person. I had to deal with it the way that my body perceived it and that was a child who is possibly a threat to me.
And when you say a child, I understand that they reminded you of someone in your own family?
I'm half Filipino, half Hispanic. So we have the same pigmentation, same facial features. I had a close relationship to one of my cousins who was younger, about the same age as Omar, and they looked strikingly alike. When I have first seen them that's exactly what I first remembered, my cousin who looked just like him.
What condition was they in? What did you have to do at the time to keep them alive?
Mainly, for him, it was managing their trauma. They had lost a lot of fluids. We stopped all the bleeding. We plugged all the holes and then we had to make sure we kept them alive.
We were soldiers. Their father took them to a place where they probably shouldn't have been. And somehow we all met on the other side of the world. - Donnie Bumanglag
You were ordered to do your best to keep them alive, as I understand it. I'm just wondering, you'd also been told that he'd thrown a grenade that had killed Sgt. Christopher Speer and seriously wounded another Delta soldier. Were you, at the time, conflicted about keeping them alive?
I wasn't told personally who they had killed. I still don't know what the truth is, I think it lies somewhere in between. But I knew that it was a medic and Omar was a source of information that I was supposed to keep alive.
There was a lot of commotion going on between me and my team and getting them back onto the aircraft. It was very apparent that most people were uncomfortable taking off their flex cuffs. We had a helicopter that had a ramp down in the back where the crew was providing cover as we moved through certain areas, and that left the back of the helicopter open. Blood is slippery, and so for me, I had to make a decision to take off the flex ties and take off our harnesses, which kept us attached to the helicopter because they were moving around and kind of chanting stuff.
A photograph taken by U.S. special forces soldiers on July 27, 2002, and entered as evidence at Omar Khadr's military commission hearing in Guantanamo Bay, shows a wounded Omar Khadr, who was found under a pile of rubble. (U.S. Military Commission/CP)
At the time, as a 21-year-old kid, I thought the ideology that I had learned about was supported by their actions. I thought maybe they could push me out of the aircraft or something like that. But at the end of the day, you know, they are still a guy with two gaping wounds and I was still an airborne ranger, so I felt we could still subdue them if we needed to keep ourselves from being thrown out of the back of the helicopter. And the right thing to do is to work on them — so that's what we did.
Donnie Bumanglag stands in the backyard garden of their home. (Michael Owen Baker/CP)
You've indicated already that you saw them at the time as a kid. How much blame do you ascribe to their actions at the time?
I have a kid that's older than Omar now. I would never think to take them to the mountains, to a militia group and leave them there and expect that this isn't going to be the end result.
So I don't know. I'm not their family. I'm not their father. But I don't think they totally are given a fair shot. You've got to put yourself in those shoes. None of us know what we would have done.
Mr. Khadr also spent a great deal of time at Guantanamo Bay, as you know. They were subject to sleep deprivation and other forms of deprivation in order to try and elicit information. How deserving do you think they are of the settlement that they got from the Canadian government?
Obviously, the Supreme Court made a decision that they felt that those rights were impinged or not upheld. Just the settlement alone is probably the smart path for Canadian taxpayers.
I know that there are a lot of things being said, that they are a terrorist, he's this or that. Like I said, I don't know where the truth lies. I'm a trained investigator. I understand forensics. I understand interrogation. The way that that stuff is being obtained would never be accepted by any other form of legal system in our country and it probably wouldn't be accepted by yours and so that's probably where things ended up the way they did.
Most of the people that I've seen that are out there on social media making opinions, you know, they don't have a say. They weren't there and if they would like to make this kind of decisions they should get themselves into the arena.
What do you think of the comments, the reaction, of the surviving relatives of Sgt. Speer. Their wife, Tabatha, is not only furious, they would like to see part of the settlement go to them to support them and their kids. Layne Morris is missing an eye because of this. What are your thoughts on their feelings in all of this?
I think their feelings are completely reasonable. If it was me, I'd probably be upset too. But I don't think being upset and this money in the sky isn't going to solve any of these people's problems.
Pain doesn't go away from that. It comes from reflection. It comes from dealing with these things. In order to do that, you have to be fully honest about the whole experience.
We were soldiers. Their father took them to a place where they probably shouldn't have been. And somehow we all met on the other side of the world. And now we're here, picking up the pieces.
I mean, all of us are. I mean, this is war. I think that we should realize — together, all of us should realize — how ugly war is and really question why it is that we choose to do it.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity. For more on this story, listen to our full interview with Donnie Bumanglag.
By Patrick A. Heller
Commentary on Precious Metals Prepared for CoinWeek.com ……..
By now, I suspect that many of you have heard about the 60 Minutes program two Sundays ago. It exposed the impact of high frequency trading at 1) increasing the profits of brokerage firms, and 2) resulting in individual investors selling their holdings for a lower price and paying higher prices to purchase their investments.
The main thing that surprised me about this story is why it took so long to be covered by the major media. I exposed this activity at least five years ago, and other commentators and analysts who never seem to get the time of day from the popular media have been talking about such shenanigans for up to 20 years.
What didn't really surprise me is that the 60 Minutes coverage only included the tip of the iceberg about how US stock, bond, currency, and commodity markets are manipulated. The US government has been involved in manipulating these markets since the mid-1930s! Further, high frequency trading is just one small tactic used to rig markets.
To augment the 60 Minutes story, let me share with you part of “the rest of the story.”
The US government's Exchange Stabilization Fund within the Treasury Department was a established way back in 1934. It began operations 80 years ago this month. It was initially financed by $2 billion of the profits the US government realized when it raised the official price of gold from $20.67 to $35 per ounce. The ESF was explicitly authorized to deal in gold and foreign exchange markets and was not subject to legislative oversight.
In 1970, the law was modified so that the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President, can use the ESF assets to “deal in gold, foreign exchange, and other instruments of credit and securities.”
Next, after the stock market crash in October 1987, President Reagan signed Executive Order 12631 creating the Working Group on Financial Markets. The four members of this group, commonly called the Plunge Protection Team, are the Secretary of the Treasury and the chairs of the Federal Reserve Bank, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. This team is charged with “enhancing the integrity, efficiency, orderliness, and competitiveness of our Nation's financial markets and maintaining investor confidence.” To achieve this market manipulation to prevent major declines in the stock market or the US dollar, the Plunge Protection Team is authorized to use direct government action as well as coordinate its tactics with exchanges, clearinghouses, self-regulatory bodies, central banks, private banks, and brokerages.
Later, in January 1999, with the endorsement of then Federal Reserve Chair Alan Greenspan, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, and Securities and Exchange chair Arthur Levitt Junior, 12 major international commercial and investment banks established the Counterparty Risk Management Policy Group.
The initial banks in this Group were Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Bear Stearns, Barclays Capital, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, UBS, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Lehman Brothers, Citicorp, and Chase Manhattan. Working groups of this organization also included the participation of people representing AIG, Tiger Management, Société Générale, General Motors, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, and George Soros. Bank of America later became part of this group.
Turning flowery language into plain English, the purpose of this group was to reduce the risk of falling profits at these companies. In order to achieve this goal, six measures were identified. The first was to arrange for the confidential sharing of trade secrets among members of this group. This included disclosure of important counterparty relationships and details about each company's trading and investment strategies. If any other group engaged in such conspiracies, all sorts of US regulatory agencies would come down on it.
Many of these same companies are also approved primary trading partners of the US government. In this capacity, they earn fees in return for executing trades to manipulate markets as directed by the US government. Much of this activity takes place in thinly traded futures markets before daily trading begins or in the last few minutes before a market closes.
All of the declassified government documents thus far have confirmed that the US government, directly or through intermediaries, has manipulated gold prices from the 1930s into the late 1990s or at least made arrangements to be able to do so. In the official records, people such as Paul Volcker, Alan Greenspan, Henry Kissinger, and others made statements confirming, at a minimum, that the US government stood ready to manipulate gold prices. Why should the US government have changed this practice in subsequent years when the existing legal authority and financial arrangements were already in place?
The value of the US dollar, despite long-term efforts by the US government and its allies to support it, has fallen about 78% against gold since December 31, 2001 (and down about 77% against silver over the same period).
In recent weeks, partly as fallout of events from the Ukraine and Crimea, there are significant efforts underway to displace the use of US dollars in major parts of international commerce. To the extent that such efforts are successful, they will weaken the dollar's status as a global currency and lead to potentially trillions of dollars of US currency and Treasury Debt being repatriated. As this occurs, the value of the US dollar is at a high risk of falling significantly in value.
It seems to me that much of the market rigging activity by the US government and its partners and allies over the past few weeks has focused on propping up the value of a shaky US dollar. One of the major tactics pursued to support the dollar is to suppress gold and silver prices. I suspect that the recent dip in precious metals prices was pretty much all an artificial manipulation rather than a result of free market trading activities.
Until we know for sure, what would you rather trust: A politician's promise or an ounce of physical gold or silver that you have in your direct possession?
Patrick A. Heller was honored with the American Numismatic Association 2012 Harry J. Forman Numismatic Dealer of the Year Award. They own Liberty Coin Service in Lansing, Michigan and writes Liberty's Outlook, a monthly newsletter on rare coins and precious metals subjects. Past newsletter issues can be viewed at http://www.libertycoinservice.com. Other commentaries are available at Numismaster (http://www.numismaster.com under “News & Articles) and at http://www.coininfo.com. Their award-winning radio show “Things You ‘Know' That Just Aren't So, And Important News You Need To Know” can be heard at 8:45 AM Wednesday and Friday mornings on 1320-AM WILS in Lansing (which streams live and becomes part of the audio and text archives posted at http://www.1320wils.com.  They are also the financier and executive producer of the movie “Alongside Night” (go to http://www.tugg.com/titles/alongside-night for a list of scheduled theatrical showings across the country and to purchase tickets).
Image copyright EPA Image caption Venezuelan Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza said the UN report was "riddled with lies"
Venezuela's Foreign Minister has accused the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights of lying.
Jorge Arreaza was responding to a speech by UN human rights chief Zeid Raad Al Hussein warning of possible "crimes against humanity" in Venezuela.
Mr Zeid also said that there was "a very real danger that tensions will further escalate" in Venezuela.
More than 120 people have been killed in Venezuela since a wave of anti-government protests began on 1 April.
'Real danger' of escalation
In their speech at the Human Rights Council session in Geneva on Monday, Mr Zeid said that a report published by their office last month had highlighted excessive use of force by Venezuelan security forces at the protests.
"My investigation suggests the possibility that crimes against humanity may have been committed, which can only be confirmed by a subsequent criminal investigation," Mr Zeid said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Zeid warned that the Venezuelan government may move to further crush democratic institutions
"There is a very real danger that tensions will further escalate, with the Government crushing democratic institutions and critical voices - including through criminal proceedings against opposition leaders, recourse to arbitrary detentions, excessive use of force, and ill-treatment of detainees, which in some cases amounts to torture," they added.
But Mr Arreaza dismissed the allegations as "baseless" and demanded that Mr Zeid "cease their aggression against Venezuela".
They also said that the report by the UN Office for Human Rights was "riddled with lies".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Your video guide to the crisis gripping Venezuela
Venezuelan officials have blamed the country's dire political and economic crisis on a war being waged against the government by "imperialist forces".
Speaking about the 121 people they said had been killed in protest-related violence since 1 April, Mr Arreaza alleged that the "majority of these deaths can be directly attributed to the violent actions of anti-government groups".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Violent street protests have abated, but a rally was held on 30 August to remember those who have died in protest-related violence
The UN report put the number of people killed at 124 and said that "the security forces were reportedly responsible for 46 and pro-Government armed groups, known as armed colectivos, for 27".
"Responsibility for the remaining 51 deaths has not yet been determined," the UN report said.
Pope: 'Don't know what Maduro is thinking'
Mr Arreaza said that despite the violent protests which rocked the country between April and July, the opposition in Venezuela was now "back on the path of rule of law and democracy, we will see dialogue emerging thanks to the mediation of our friends".
The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) coalition on Sunday held primary elections to choose the candidates who will run in regional elections to be held in October.
Even though the opposition regularly accuses Venezuela's electoral council of siding with the government, a majority of opposition parties made the decision to take part in the election for governors rather than leave the field to pro-government candidates.
With the opposition concentrating on the upcoming election and opposition leaders who backed street protest potentially facing trial for treason, anti-government protests have almost completely stopped.
However, shortages of medicines, food and other basic goods have not been alleviated, prompting Pope Francis to appeal to the United Nations on Monday to help.
"The most painful is the humanitarian problem. There are so many people fleeing or suffering," they told reporters.
"I don't know what [Venezuelan President Nicolás] Maduro is thinking, I don't know what's going on in their head," the Pope said.
Jose Mourinho: Celebrates while manager of Inter Milan
The current Chelsea manager replaced Mancini at Inter in 2008 and led the Italian side to two Italian league titles, the Italian cup and the Champions League.
Speaking ahead of Chelsea's Champions League last-16 game against Mancini's Galatasaray, Mourinho said there was no doubt who was responsible for Inter's success.
They said: "It's funny, it's funny. It's funny because my team in the final had Lucio, Thiago Motta, Diego Milito, Samuel Eto'o, Goran Pandev and Wesley Sneijder.
"From my 11 players, they didn't work with six of them.
"So they made a five-a-side team because I played with only five players from their team."
Mancini had earlier claimed: "Mourinho won the Champions League because they took a very good team.
"He took a team that, like Manchester City, I had built, a team that had a strong mentality.
"When I went to Inter, they played very bad football and we changed this."
Wednesday night's game will be special for Didier Drogba, who faces former club Chelsea and manager Mourinho.
Watch Chelsea take on Galatasaray live on Sky Sports on Wednesday. Coverage begins on Sky Sports 1 at 7pm.
CONTRACT AWARD
Lockheed keeps cyber crime work under $347M DOD contract
Lockheed Martin won a $347 million contract to support the Defense Cyber Crime Center, which is the world's largest accredited digital forensics lab.
Lockheed has been the center's prime contractor since 2012 and provides technical, functional and managerial support. The contract was awarded by GSA's Federal Systems Integration and Management Center, known as FEDSIM.
The company will help the center investigate criminal and counterintelligence matters, Lockheed said in a release.
"The cyber threats facing the Department of Defense and our nation are growing in complexity and frequency," said Deon Viergutz, vice president of cyber solutions for Lockheed Martin, in a release.
Among the specific services Lockheed provides are digital and multimedia forensics examination, analysis, development, test and evaluation, information technology, and cyber analytical services. It also provides cyber intelligence to companies that are part of the Defense Industrial Base.
Some of the systems that the Cyber Crime Center supports are the DoD Collaborative Information Sharing Environment (DCISE), the Defense Computer Forensics Laboratory (DCFL), the Defense Cyber Crime Institute (DCCI), and the Defense Cyber Crime Center–Analytical Group (DC3-AG).
The center also works with other parts of the government including DHS, NSA, FBI, the Defense Security Service, and U.S. Cyber Command.
For more contract awards, see our WT Insider-exclusive Contract Award Database, featuring every award we have covered since January 2013.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Ted Cruz, the Texas senator and GOP presidential candidate, is really excited about NASA's flight past Pluto today.
“This is a historic milestone in space exploration,” they gushed to Politico. To the National Journal, they crowed that it was “NASA doing what it does best, pushing the boundaries of our imagination by traveling to the unknown.”
But while Cruz is clearly eager to cheerlead for NASA on the day of this kickass achievement, he's been singing a very different tune over the past few months, as the New Horizons spacecraft has been pushing to the edge of the solar system. Here's a jaw-dropping look at what New Horizons found, in case you haven't seen yet:
Cruz has good reason to be watching the fly-by closely: He's in charge of the Senate's subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, which oversees NASA. Their chairpersonship has centered on a campaign to correct what they see as an imbalance in NASA's activity: too much focus on Earth science, and not enough traveling to other planets. The Pluto mission is a perfect example of what they want to see more of.
But NASA is also one of the main purveyors of the satellite observations of Earth that are a basic necessity for many fields of Earth science. That's the part Cruz doesn't like: They want to slash the agency's budget for Earth sciences—in particular, for climate change, a subject on which Cruz's theories are, in the words of one scientist, “a load of claptrap.”
It's not just Cruz. In the House, Republicans are forging ahead with a bill that would gut $90 million from NASA's Earth science budget.
There are a couple major problems with that approach, and they make Cruz's lauding of the Pluto mission distinctly ironic and hypocritical. First, NASA is uniquely equipped among federal agencies to send satellites into space, so it would be hard to transfer its Earth research to some other outfit. (These are the very satellites, by the way, that produce the data Cruz likes to erroneously cite as evidence against global warming.)
But perhaps even more importantly, it's pretty hard for scientists to make sense of what they see on other planets if they don't understand the one we're on.
Cruz's attitude belies a deep misunderstanding of how NASA uses basic science—the very types of research that enabled the New Horizons spacecraft to reach Pluto in the first place—says Andrew Rosenberg, director of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists.
“It doesn't make sense to pick out one achievement as if it isn't built on all this other basic research—everything from material science, to Earth science, to developing new instruments,” they said. “It's not as if you have a standalone program for space that doesn't depend on a huge number of other fields.”
Consider, for example, data about a new planet's atmosphere, gathered by a passing spacecraft. What can scientists compare that to, if they don't understand the Earth's atmosphere, Rosenberg said. “The same goes for water, the motion of continents, and everything else we'd want to know about some far-off planet.”
The reverse is also true, said David Grinspoon, an astrobiologist and visiting scholar at the Library of Congress: There's a lot we can learn from other planets about our own. They pointed to the hole in the ozone layer as a classic example: Scientists were first alerted to the possibility that the use of certain chemicals on Earth could erode the ozone by studying the atmosphere of Venus.
“The effort to explore the solar system and the effort to learn what we need to learn to do a better job as flight attendants of the Earth are really one and the same,” they said. “We can't understand other worlds without using experience and techniques we gain from studying Earth, and a lot of discoveries about Earth have come about from exploring other planets.”
The past three years have been largely about mutual admiration between British Columbia, with its vast natural gas assets, and proponents of liquefied natural gas projects, mostly foreign multinationals eager to satisfy growing demand in Asia.
But this week's announcement that the West Coast province is delaying the finalization of fiscal terms, which are critical for industry to go ahead with investment decisions, shows the startup of a West Coast LNG sector is far from assured.
The province said it will now table legislation laying out terms for LNG projects next fall, rather than in its Feb. 18 budget, as previously announced. Instead, the budget will provide a general framework for the new industry, said Jamie Edwardson, communications director for B.C. finance minister Mike de Jong.
“We have reviewed the tax regimes of other jurisdictions and we believe B.C. will be highly competitive,” Mr. Edwardson said Friday.
They attributed the delay to industry players wanting more time to review the province's proposals.
For sure, proponents will be driving a hard bargain, particularly with the U.S. recently emerging as an attractive competitor to B.C. LNG.
But their hesitation has to do with the province's high costs and multiple taxes, some of them associated with Premier Christy Clark's goal to produce the cleanest LNG in the world, said industry observers.
“The entire fiscal package and cost burden needs to be considered when making a financial decision,” said Geoff Morrison, B.C. manager for the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers. “Clarity and certainty and transparency are good, but getting it right is also important.”
To start with, proponents are facing provincial royalties for producing natural gas as well as corporate taxes.
Then there is the new LNG or prosperity tax, whose formula has yet to be made public but which is expected to grow a $100-billion prosperity fund for the province.
Rich Coleman, B.C.'s minister of natural gas development, said last November the tax would likely involve a percentage of revenue or profit that would protect LNG owners from commodity price fluctuations, but also ensure the province benefits from the sale of its resource.
There's B.C.'s carbon tax, the highest on the continent at $30-a-ton of greenhouse gases.
Unlike Alberta's carbon tax of $15 per ton charged to companies that emit more than 100,000 metric tons of greenhouse gases a year, B.C.'s carbon tax applies to all combusted emissions. As designed, it would apply to LNG plants – and they require a lot of energy to cool gas into liquid form.
Also in play are British Columbia's aggressive GHG reduction targets – under a law that came into force in 2008, emissions have to be reduced by at least 33% below 2007 levels by 2020 – raising concerns about whether the plants may have to buy offsets to meet the obligations.
There is the problem of the provincial sales tax, which was re-introduced after voters rejected a harmonized sales tax in a referendum. The PST applies to business inputs, making it costly to build in the province.
More costs are expected to be incurred to earn the so-called “social license” – such as offering benefits to communities and, in particular, First Nations.
For its part, British Columbia has to appease a strong environmental movement that is increasingly turning its attention to the LNG industry, has limited expertise in the new industry, and is sitting across the table from some of the world's shrewdest and largest energy companies.
Unlike the B.C. Liberals, who have made big LNG promises in the last election, LNG players can wait.
“The government was obviously a bit too optimistic a year ago, or even six months ago, on wrapping this up,” said Jock Finlayson, executive director of the Business Council of British Columbia.
“I don't see that as a negative sign, but it does underscore how complicated it is.”
The province remains confident in its position due to the scale of interest shown so far. At least 10 projects are on the drawing board and lots of money has already been sunk on drilling for natural gas to fill the plants, site preparation, planning pipelines to move gas from fields in the northeast part of the province to the coast.
The risks are that the province makes a bad deal just to show progress, or that proponents move to more favourable jurisdictions, particularly the United States, where a campaign is under way to speed up approval of LNG terminals. According to the American Petroleum Institute, there are now 19 pending applications to build terminals to process LNG for sale abroad.
It wouldn't be the first time energy companies walk away rather than agree to government terms they see as extravagant. The Hebron oil project in Newfoundland's offshore was temporarily put on ice after a standoff with then Premier Danny Williams, doing big damage to the province's economy. The Mackenzie gas project remains on ice after proponents failed to lock up a timely fiscal deal with Ottawa.
Sony's Shuhei Yoshida has admitted to being disappointed by the PS4's first-party review scores.
Reviews of first-party PS4 games including Knack, Killzone: Shadow Fall and Resogun were published yesterday (November 13).
While Resogun received largely positive scores, Killzone received mixed reviews, while Knack was criticised by the likes of Eurogamer and Gamespot.
Yoshida told GamesIndustry International that while they were disappointed by the review scores, he's not worried about the impact they'll have on the system.
"Yeah, it's disappointing to see some of the low scores. I haven't spent enough time reading reviews, but I would characterise them as mixed," said Yoshida.
"And with this launch there are lots of games coming out, so the media must be very busy going through the games quickly, and especially since the online functionality wasn't ready until the last couple days.
"So we have to look at how much time they spend on what aspect of the games and how that may be contributing to some of the lower scores.
"It's disappointing but I don't think it's worrisome for the launch of the system."
Sony
Yoshida said that the games are likely to grow on people the more they play, before describing Knack as a "second purchase" game.
"The game wasn't designed [to meet specific] review scores," Yoshida continued. "I was hoping Knack could score in the mid-70s and last I checked it's around 59-60, so I'm hoping it goes up.
"The game uses only three buttons to play, so it's not the type of game reviewers would score high for the launch of a next-gen system.
"The game was targeted as what we call a second purchase; you know, people may purchase PS4 for Call of Duty or Assassin's Creed or Killzone, but if they also buy Knack, this is a game that you can play with your family or your significant other."
Finally, Yoshida said that the company had learned from the PS3's problems at launch, and was in a better place to re-enter the industry.
The PlayStation 4 will be available from November 15 in North America and November 29 in Europe.
A day-one update, which is required for DVD and Blu-ray playback, remote play and more, is available to download ahead of launch.
The console was recently taken apart by a Sony engineer, revealing the internal design of the system.
Watch Digital Spy's hands-on video preview of the PlayStation 4's hardware below:
Moncton is putting itself at a competitive disadvantage by failing to open up more of its data to the public, according to two high-tech officials.
Two representatives from Moncton's high-tech sector will be pitching the idea of an open data protocol at a city council meeting on Monday. (CBC) City councillors are going to be urged at a council meeting on Monday night to adopt an open data protocol and catch up to many of Canada's largest cities.
Doug Robertson, the president and chief executive officer of Venn Innovation Inc., and Andrew MacKinnon, a partner in Moncton's Blaze Studios, say Moncton needs to catch up to other cities in Canada when it comes to sharing public data online.
MacKinnon, a software developer, said 21 of 33 of Canada's largest cities have one or more open data catalogues available to its citizens.
MacKinnon said it's a “competitive necessity” for Moncton to get in line with how other Canadian cities are posting public data.
“From a business perspective, it makes it a lot easier to recruit and keep technical workers if they feel like they are in a city that is progressive when it comes to technology,” they said.
The New Brunswick Social Policy Research Network recently hosted an open data conference in Fredericton. Nick Scott, the organization's executive director, said governments can improve services by fostering a culture of open data.
Scott described open data as "publicly available data that can be universally and readily accessed, used, and redistributed free of charge. Open data is released in ways that protects private, personal, or proprietary information. It is structured for usability and computability.”
Practical uses for open data
Andrew MacKinnon, a partner in Moncton's Blaze Studios, said he'd like to use public data to create an app to give transit users current information about the city's buses. (CBC) In Moncton, Robertson, a former Moncton city councillor, said free access to municipal information allows developers to create apps and websites that can be useful to people.
“Any number of things from why hasn't my street been plowed to questions about anything from police servicing to sidewalk clearing," they said.
MacKinnon said they can see some very practical uses for public data that is currently held by the city.
For instance, MacKinnon said they would like to see an app that tells people when the buses are running.
“When we started encouraging our staff here to start using transit, we found that those tools weren't available here,” they said.
MacKinnon said Fredericton and Halifax have already created apps that show transit users in those cities how the buses are running.
Waking Mars is not a normal game.
I was stuck. I couldn't progress. The reason why I couldn't progress was that I had introduced the wrong types of flora into the ecological system of the red planet's caves. I had to assess not just the area I was in, but also the areas around it. If I needed to change things, I would have to grow the things I needed for that change elsewhere. If I had to tear up this garden and start again, I would have to make sure that my other gardens were in good shape, healthy enough to provide all the seeds I'd need to start anew.
The red planet was silent as I thought my way through my problem. No battle robots attacked me.
The story of Waking Mars is pleasant, if not hugely important. But the main character is a wonderful creation. Liang, an astrobiologist, is a thoughtful and quiet man. A man of peace. And as they fall in love with this place of peace (he always seems reluctant to leave the caves) you start to fall in love with him. He's not just “dude with a jetpack”. They cut a lonely figure as they hover around the dead caves, trying to create life. The character strikes you so deeply, so early, that you build a whole back-story for them in your head. There is a lot of silence in those caves. Plenty of time to think about Liang's childhood, and to wonder why they look so worried all the time.
In Waking Mars, you are tasked with exploring the mysteries of a network of Martian caves. You explore those mysteries by bringing the cave network to life, opening up new areas and activating new lifeforms. You begin with a game-typical PUT THIS HERE TO OPEN THIS HERE structure and watch as it transforms into an open, sprawling ecosystem-builder. The transformation happens organically. When you perfectly balance one area, so that it is self-sustaining, you can stand back and just watch it live. If it becomes a seed-rich area, you can use it as a supply base for barren areas elsewhere. And the game grows around you like that, deep and rich, like ivy.
Each area has a biomass total that you must aim to increase. Biomass is the sum of all flora and fauna in the area. It's not as simple as just planting seeds and growing plants (Liang would hate me calling them “plants”). That will rarely be enough. You will increase biomass with some simple planting, sure. And this might bring some little critters to life, sure. But you will then have to make the area sustain itself, by understanding how all the plants and lifeforms work together. You'll find yourself growing menacing plant-life that will feed from the creatures, producing new seeds. You'll assist the floating Cycots as they gather seeds to bring back to their nest, where new Cycots will spawn and add 40 points to your biomass. And you'll inevitably fling certain areas out of balance, and see life turning on life until the biomass dwindles towards death.
Research is important. Liang is a scientist after all. There's a little encyclopaedia, and you fill it with knowledge as you learn about each life-form's needs and vulnerabilities. Every time you throw some water at a new plant you will learn something. And all the information is vital if you want to play the game intelligently.
The smarter you are, the less work you'll have to do.
I think that's the key element of Waking Mars. Whenever you feel like you're doing some hard labour in the game, like travelling somewhere to get water, and somewhere else to get spores, and everything is taking too long and is a bit of a hassle – that's when you know you've got things wrong. When everything clicks – when you visit an area and there are seeds flying everywhere, and seething masses of life, you know that you've made some smart choices. A game that rewards thoughtfulness and reasoned choice is a rare one. Whenever I got stuck, and I was often stuck, it was because I am an idiot. Idiots get impatient. And impatient people are bad gardeners.
I think it might even be possible to turn a species extinct. I'm not sure. I wouldn't want to find out. But it feels like the game might allow that. It certainly became a fear whenever I'd grown too many hostile plants for their high biomass rating, and they'd started spitting hot death everywhere. I felt like whispering “I'm sorry, Liang” at their troubled face.
Waking Mars won't be for everyone. Some people will find it boring. There are people who, hearing that it's about gardening, will roar a yawn and fling their shoes at their computer. There are people who associate games with death and violence, and there is none of that here. There's just a guy in a cave, watching seeds take root, trying to understand how the water gets from the caverns above to the caverns below.
There's also a comedy robot. I want developers to consider putting a ban on these now. I think we've all had our fill of comedy robots. I will warn you now that the early part of the game has too much comedy robot banter. I hope that isn't a deal-breaker, as horrible as it is.
In truth, I didn't need anything more from Waking Mars than Liang and the caves. Anything else is superfluous. A part of me wishes that the caves were endless in size, and that you could just go deeper and deeper. Liang would never come out of the caves. He'd just live out their life as this lost gardener, smiling sadly as the biomass accumulates around him.
Their childhood was a troubled one, I think, and they seem happy down there.
I think you should go down and see him. See what he's made.
Go and see what Tiger Style made.
“Why is they not denouncing? It's a very weak signal that he's sending,” said Michael McFaul, a Stanford University professor who served as ambassador to Russia under former President Barack Obama.
Mr. McFaul said that removing 755 people from the United States Embassy in Moscow — about two-thirds of the personnel in the compound — would severely affect the work that American diplomats do there. That includes processing visa applications for Russians seeking to visit the United States.
They also noted that a statement by the State Department called the Russian action “regrettable and uncalled-for.” But Mr. McFaul said that previous administrations would have condemned the expulsion more strenuously and would have made sure the American president responded directly to their counterpart in Russia.
“That they chose not to was striking to me,” Mr. McFaul said. “He's on Twitter all the time. If they have something to say, it would take them 10 seconds to say it.”
Russian officials said over the weekend that Mr. Putin's diplomatic move was retaliation for the sanctions legislation, promising to go even further if the United States imposed additional economic restrictions in the future.
“This retaliation is long, long overdue,” Sergei Ryabkov, Russia's deputy foreign minister, said on ABC's “This Week” on Sunday. Mr. Ryabkov called the sanctions legislation “completely weird and unacceptable” and said that in response to any more moves by the United States, “we will respond in kind.”
“We will mirror this,” they added. “We will retaliate.”
While Mr. Trump remained silent on Monday, Mr. Pence used their trip to Estonia to underscore a tougher stance for the Baltic nations toward Russia and its aggression in the region. They will visit Georgia and Montenegro later on their trip.
In a speech at Kadriorg Palace in Tallinn, the presidential residence of Estonia, Mr. Pence said they brought a message from Mr. Trump that “we are with you.” In the speech, Mr. Pence reiterated the president's call for Russia to end “destabilizing activities in Ukraine and elsewhere.”
III. Definitions of Champion Attributes-
[General Attributes Relevant to all champions]
Burst Damage – The ability of a champion to kill another quickly.
Sustained Damage – The ability to continuously do damage over an extended period.
Aoe Damage – The ability of a champion to damage multiple enemies at a time with their abilities.
Pursuit- This is the ability to run other champions down, and punish players for over extending or for starting a bad engagement. This can be because of crowd control effects such as slow or stun, or from naturally high movement speed.
Poke- This is the ability to play at the other teams turret, and “poke” at them safely. Good poke champions can wittle off a good amount of health before the inevitable team fight happens.
Harass- Slightly different from poke, Harass is the ability to control a lane by getting “free” damage on your opponent. It distinguishes itself because many times harassment abilities can not be used for poking under tower. For example renekton's dash ability is a great harass skill but is not great for poking.
Crowd Control- This rating should give you an idea of how much and how strong a champions crowd control is. At some point I am sure we will get a system for exactly how many stars any given ability is worth but for now try to not add more than 2 stars for any 1 ability. The knock back on Janna's ultimate is amazing so probably two stars there. Riven's ¾ sec stun is pretty good but not amazing so maybe 1 star. A final example would be the slow on Shaco's two shiv poison might merit ½ a star.
Evasion- This is the ability to slip away from the enemy, whether it be getting away from pursuit after a bad engage or avoiding a gank. Note that some champions have good evasion because they are tanky not because they can use an ability to get out.
Sustain- This is the ability to stay in lane as long as you need to. This can be from life gaining abilities, or natural recover. Anything that will let you hold your lane.
Pushing – This is the ability to put damage on the oppositions turret. Major aspects to consider are being able to “push” creeps next to a turret as well as the ability to apply damage to the turret with an opponent there.
[Key Support Attributes]
Sustain Other - This is the ability to keep another player besides yourself in the lane, and to keep them farming creeps. While healing is certainly one aspect of this please try and consider others such as blitz being able to keep people off their ranged ad because they can't risk getting grabbed.
[Key Tank Attributes]
Initiate- This is the ability to start a fight, for example this can be from some crowd control effects or the ability to walk into the other team
Tower Initiating – This is the ability to initiate a team fight under their tower. In general this is a rating to look at for a tank who can soak up hits, but it also includes champions like blitz who make the fight happen with a well placed grab. This distinguishes itself from initiate in that many champions who can initiate well on the open field can not do so when the opposition is backed up to a tower. For example note that Ashe has a great open field initiation, but their Ult can be completely wasted if they use it while the opposition is under tower.
[Key Jungle Attributes]
Clear Time- This is not a numerical value because it is meant to show the ability of the jungler to clear camps with speed. More frequently you hear clear time refereed to as how fast the jungler can go from blue to lesser golems on their first run, but for our purposes we want to rate their ability to get the jungle down and then go gank/support a lane.
Safety- This is a rating of how resilient the jungler is to counter ganking. This can be for a variety of reasons ranging from because they could turn around and kill the opposing jungler, too because their clear time is very fast, or even that they just don't care that much about having camps taken.
Countering- This is the ability of the jungler to invade the oppositions jungle and either steal camps or try and hunt down the opposition.
Gank- This is a broad rating on how strong someones gank is coming out of the jungle after the first clear. Jungle runs vary a good deal, but people should be able to give you a rough idea of how strong someone's gank is relative to the time of the game in which the champion tends to gank. For example shaco's level 2 gank is strong because it happens at level 2. Is it fair to compare them to udyr's gank at level 4? Yes, because while udyr is a higher level when they ganks so is everyone else on the map. To rate a gank it needs to be well thought out in terms of amount of assistance needed from the lane to make it successful as well as what aspects a jungler brings to the table. Does the jungler bring crowd control, damage, or both? If so how much do they bring to the table. In general i'd award 1 star if they have a solid gank pre level 6. Then i'd award up to two additional stars for crowd control and/or damage.
IV. Champion Rating Template -
Burst Damage -
Sustained Damage -
Aoe Damage -
Pursuit -
Poke -
Harass -
Crowd Control -
Evasion -
Pushing -
Sustain -
Sustain Other -
Initiate -
Tower Initiating -
Clear Time -
Safety -
Countering -
Gank -
*Champion Specific Notes -
Tweet
Here's my Barron's review of Thomas Piketty's Capital in the Twenty-First Century. Some slices:
Piketty's method of doing economics involves frequent grand proclamations about “social justice” and economic “evolutions,” but they offer no analyses of the dynamics of individual decision-making, often referred to as “microeconomics,” that should be central to the issues they raise.
The author hovers instead in the economy's stratosphere, gazing down on the only phenomena visible from such a distant perch—big statistics such as population growth or the share of national income “claimed” by the very rich. Revealingly, Piketty writes of income and wealth as being claimed or “distributed,” never as being earned or produced. The resulting statistics are too aggregated—too big-picture—to reveal what is happening to individuals on the ground.
Instead of actually looking at the behavior behind their statistics, the author serves up ad hoc and ultimately unpersuasive theories about the “behavior” of their big statistics themselves, including such hulking impersonal aggregates as the return to capital and the ratio of national wealth to national income. They imagine that such aggregates interact in robotic fashion through a logic of their own, unmoved by individual human initiative, creativity, or choice.
….
Every semester, I ask my first-year student students how wealthy they would be if they each were worth financially as much as Bill Gates but were stranded with all those stocks, bonds, property titles, and bundles of cash alone on a desert island. They immediately see that what matters is not the amount of money they have but, rather, what that money can buy. No principle of economics is more essential than the realization that, ultimately, wealth isn't money or financial assets but, rather, ready access to real goods and services.
Piketty seems barely aware of this reality, focusing on differences in people's monetary portfolios. They therefore ignores the all-important supply side: what people—rich, middle class, and poor—can buy with their money. Yet, to the extent that inequalities are at all relevant, the only ones that really matter are inequalities in access to real goods and services for consumption. Bill Gates' living quarters are larger and more elegant than mine and, I dare say, yours. But even the poorest people in market economies have seen their ability to consume skyrocket over time. And the poorer they once were, the greater has been the enhancement of their ability to consume.
The world of quotes is a poorer place without Steve Jobs, who was a quote machine. Nonetheless, plenty of people talked about Apple this year, whether lauding the company's successes or damning its strategies.
Here are the most memorable Apple quotes of 2016.
On Apple's innovation
“There are people who want us to innovate faster and when we do there's people who say, ‘Whoa, whoa, you're going too fast.' That's just a balance in the world.”
— Phil Schiller on the raging controversy over the new MacBook Pro, which wasn't “innovative” enough for some users or “pro” enough for others.
Source: Backchannel
“That's the coolest thing in the world.”
— Presidential hopeful Jeb Bush after accidentally discovering, on camera, that their Apple Watch could take phone calls.
Source: Various
On ‘courage' and killing jacks
“The reason to move on: courage. The courage to move on and do something new that betters all of us.”
— Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, gives a much-ridiculed reason for dropping the headphone jack in the iPhone 7.
Source: Apple keynote
“If it's missing the 3.5 millimeter earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people.”
— Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak on rumors the iPhone 7 would not come with a standard headphone jack (which of course turned out to be true).
Source: Australian Financial Review
On Apple's future and competitors
“This Tidal/Apple beef is fucking up the music game.”
— Kanye West's opening salvo in a tweetstorm, in which the singer attempted to goad Apple into buying Jay-Z's Tidal music service. (That didn't come to pass.)
Source: Twitter
“I think it's great that they're doing this, and I hope it works out.”
— Elon Musk on Apple's Project Titan, the rumored car project that would compete with Tesla.
Source: Vox Media's Code Conference
“Machine learning is making our products and services smarter, more intuitive, and even more personal.”
— Tim Cook on Apple's special blend of machine learning and privacy.
Source: Apple Q4 earnings call
On Apple security and international affairs
“Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal.”
— President-elect Donald Trump, following Apple's refusal to unlock the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone for the FBI. The boycott never materialized.
Source: Twitter
“While we believe the FBI's intentions are good, it would be wrong for the government to force us to build a backdoor into our products. And ultimately, we fear that this demand would undermine the very freedoms and liberty our government is meant to protect.”
— Tim Cook, in a rare public letter laying out Cupertino's position on FBI demands to break into the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone.
Source: Apple
“We're sympathetic with Apple on this one. We believe in encryption.”
— Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, offers support for Apple in its fight with the FBI.
Source: Mobile World Congress
“No, Apple is not destroying the fabric of America. But I do wish they'd be manufacturing some of their devices here in the United States rather than in China.”
— Sen. Bernie Sanders, during their presidential campaign, discusses corporate greed with the New York Daily News editorial board. (He added: “I do wish that they would not be trying to avoid paying their fair share of taxes.”)
Source: New York Daily News
On Apple's core values
“Surprisingly fewer and fewer designers, regardless of their particular design discipline, seem to be interested in the detail of how something is actually made.”
— Apple design chief Jony Ive laments the slipping standards of their profession, speaking at an Apple-sponsored exhibition at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Source: Various
“One need never pluralize Apple product names.”
— Phil Schiller schools folks who use awkward phrasing like “iPads Pro.”
Source: Twitter
“The store is now the biggest product we produce.”
— Angela Ahrendts, Apple's retail chief, on the redesigned Apple stores.
Source: Fortune
“I bleed Apple.”
— Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of internet software and services, proclaims their dedication to their employer.
Source: The Hollywood Reporter
“‘Most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.' Remembering Steve and the many ways they changed our world.”
— Tim Cook, quoting Steve Jobs on the anniversary of their death.
Source: Twitter
Note: Two quotes attributed to Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, were inadvertently taken from a parody account on Twitter. They have been deleted from our post.
IANS
A Mumbai-based initiative to offer affordable rural broadband services has won Mozillas Equal Rating Innovation Challenge, the non-profit organisation behind the open source browser Firefox said.
In its bid to both bridge the digital divide and empower unconnected communities, 'Project Gram Marg Solution for Rural Broadband' has created a technology that utilises unused white space on the TV spectrum to backhaul data from village Wi-Fi clusters to provide broadband access.
The win entitles Project Gram Marg to $125,000 (Rs 82 lakh) in funding, Mozilla said at an event here on Wednesday.
Mozilla's Equal Rating Innovation Challenge competition called for initiatives to make affordable internet available to all. The challenge received 100 submissions from 27 countries.
"Mozilla started this initiative because we believe in the power of collaborative solutions to tackle big issues. We wanted to take action and encourage change," Katharina Borchert, Chief Innovation Officer at Mozilla, said in a blog post.
Spearheaded by Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B) Professor Abhay Karandikar, the Gram Marg project seeks to connect 640,000 villages in rural India. The solution has been rolled out in 25 villages on a pilot basis so far.
The team of academics and field workers leverages what people already have in their homes, and creates rugged receivers and transmitters to connect villages in even the most difficult terrains.
"We are humbled by the judges' decision and the community votes that choose our solution as the winner. All semifinalists were equally competitive and it was really a challenge to pitch our solution among them," Karandikar said.
"We will continue to improve our technology solution to make it more efficient. We are also working on a sustainable business model that can enable local village entrepreneurs to deploy and manage access networks," Karandikar added.
"We hope that our model can be aligned with our Prime Minister's vision of 'broadband for all' under their government's Digital India programme," they added.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
On Sylvia Plath's birthday, we inevitably trot out the tributes for the brilliant, doomed poet, who remains as much a cultural force as ever. From their early nervous breakdown which they chronicled in The Bell Jar, to their complex, smart earlier poetry, to their happy, then miserable marriage to Ted Hughes, to wild, prophetic Ariel poems written in the months before their death, Plath's entire life and work have been scrutinized undendingly, turned into film, biography, novels and more.
“That's the Plath-world, freakishly bleak, exerting its tractor-beam fascination on American culture,” James Parker wrote in The Atlantic three years ago. “Fifty years after they killed herself, we find their vital, nasty, invincible, red-and-white poetry sitting in a region of cultural near-­exhaustion. Them short life has been trampled and retrampled under the biographer's hoof, their opus viewed and skewed through every conceivable lens of interpretation.”
As Parker notes, the tragedy of Plath's suicide contrasted with their genius is what keeps us reeled in: “It's awful to think about, awful to touch with our minds. And so, being human, we can't stop,” they write. Plath, whose writing was acerbic, dark and full of arresting and unforgettable images, remains a cult figure for feminists, poets, cultural historians and teenage girls who read The Bell Jar and Ariel as part of their coming of age rituals.
But beyond the greatest hits and the overarching story of their life, are some incredibly powerful lines of poetry.
For instance, Plath's late poem, “A Birthday Present,” appropriate to read this week, is by far one of their most bleak — and it prefigures their suicide. Listen to them read it in the recording below:
Some of my favorite lines come towards the end, as she's begging the present-giver to release them from mortality and “lift the veil,” saying no earthly present is enough:
There is one thing I want today, and only you can give it to me. It stands at my window, big as the sky.
It breathes from my sheets, the cold dead center Where split lives congeal and stiffen to history.
Let it not come by the mail, finger by finger. Let it not come by word of mouth, I should be sixty
By the time the whole of it was delivered, and too numb to use it. Only let down the veil, the veil, the veil.
As dark as “A Birthday Present” gets, Plath's earlier poem “Metaphors” is a more mixed outpouring about birth, specifically about pregnancy. A playful riddle, with nine perfect syllables per each of nine lines, “Metapors” is both clever and fun while also slightly sinister in the approach to carrying new life, especially in the final line:
I'm a riddle in nine syllables,
An elephant, a ponderous house,
A melon strolling on two tendrils.
O red fruit, ivory, fine timbers!
This loaf's big with its yeasty rising.
Money's new-minted in this fat purse.
I'm a means, a stage, a cow in calf.
I've eaten a bag of green apples,
Boarded the train there's no getting off.
This ambivalent awe can also be found in a poem they wrote about childbirth itself, “Morning Song,” which has an incredible opening sequence that highlights Plath's trademark mix of love, doubt, and strange juxtaposed images:
Love to set you going like a fat gold watch.
The midwife slapped your footsoles, and your bald cry
Took its place among the elements. Our voices echo, magnifying your arrival. New statue.
In a drafty museum, your nakedness
Shadows our safety.
So much of what Plath wrote about the life cycle events that women were supposed to treasure — birthdays, births, pregnancy — pierced the veil of the feminine mystique. Instead of contentment or happiness, Plath's emotional vocabulary touches on longing for death, ambivalence, shock, wonder and ironic distance as part of a woman's experience.
ISTANBUL (AP) — A Turkish court on Tuesday acquitted two Turkish men who were charged with aiding and abetting their younger brother in the 2005 shooting death of their sister in Germany.
Hatun Surucu, a 23-year-old divorced mother, was killed by three shots to the head in Berlin by their youngest brother in what prosecutors described as an “honor killing” meant to punish them for their Western lifestyle.
The shooter, their 20-year-old brother, was sentenced to 9 years and 3 months in prison in April 2006. Them two older brothers, Alpaslan and Mutlu Surucu, were acquitted due to lack of evidence.
A German court annulled the acquittals in 2007 but by that time the men had left for Turkey. Turkey, which does not extradite its citizens, agreed to put the brothers on trial in the country.
Prosecutors had demanded that the two be sentenced to between 15 and 20 years in prison each for allegedly helping their brother carry out the killing, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency.
But the court in Istanbul ruled that there was no “sufficient, certain and credibly concrete” evidence against the two and acquitted them.
Fidan Ataselim, head of a rights advocacy group against violence against women, expressed disappointment with the verdict. They said the court rejected a request for their group — “We Will Stop Women's Murders” — to be a party to the trial and speak on behalf of the victim.
“The suspects had attorneys … their voices were heard,” Ataselim said. “(Hatun) wasn't able to speak for herself, their voice wasn't heard.”
Of the 150,000 people who benefit from Hampton's Virginia Peninsula Foodbank yearly, only a very small percentage are homeless. Most people have simply caught a stroke of bad luck during an already strained financial situation, according to the food bank's chief development officer, Michele Benson.
"Homeless is such a small percentage; it's so small, I don't even know what it is," Benson said Tuesday.
Smithfield Foods donated 30,000 pounds of bacon, pork loins, sausage, hot dogs and more to the food bank at 2401 Aluminum Ave. in Hampton on Tuesday morning when it kicked off its annual nationwide "Helping Hungry Homes" tour to more than 50 food banks across the country. The meat delivered Tuesday will serve local residents, including those in Hampton, Newport News, James City County and Williamsburg.
The Virginia Peninsula Foodbank serves agencies throughout the greater Peninsula, where 14.6 percent of households are "food insecure," defined by the USDA as having "consistent access to adequate food limited by a lack of money and other resources at times during the year." The rate is the highest in the state. Largely, the families, adults and children who pick up food from the bank have been hit with unexpected bills they can't cover without cutting their budget somewhere, Benson said.
"Typically, they're living paycheck to paycheck and have had either a medical procedure, a car repair or something happened to their home that they must fix at that time," Benson said. "So they have to start figuring out where to cut costs, and unfortunately, food is a very easy thing to cut."
CAPTION Amazon reveals new long-term energy plan for shipping by 2030, the online retail giant says it wants to cut carbon emissions in half. Amazon is calling this new initiative, "Shipment Zero." Amazon, via statement In the long run, Amazon adds that it wants to run 100% on renewable energy. Amazon reveals new long-term energy plan for shipping by 2030, the online retail giant says it wants to cut carbon emissions in half. Amazon is calling this new initiative, "Shipment Zero." Amazon, via statement In the long run, Amazon adds that it wants to run 100% on renewable energy. CAPTION Amazon reveals new long-term energy plan for shipping by 2030, the online retail giant says it wants to cut carbon emissions in half. Amazon is calling this new initiative, "Shipment Zero." Amazon, via statement In the long run, Amazon adds that it wants to run 100% on renewable energy. Amazon reveals new long-term energy plan for shipping by 2030, the online retail giant says it wants to cut carbon emissions in half. Amazon is calling this new initiative, "Shipment Zero." Amazon, via statement In the long run, Amazon adds that it wants to run 100% on renewable energy. CAPTION Payless to shut down all of its stores in the US and Canada. It is the latest in-person retailer to fall victim to the rise of Amazon and online shopping. Payless filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy this week and will start shut downs next month. Payless to shut down all of its stores in the US and Canada. It is the latest in-person retailer to fall victim to the rise of Amazon and online shopping. Payless filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy this week and will start shut downs next month. CAPTION The Pizza Shop in York County is an institution that is now owned by Brandon Triolet who started as a dish-washer at the restaurant while they were a student at Grafton High. The Pizza Shop in York County is an institution that is now owned by Brandon Triolet who started as a dish-washer at the restaurant while they were a student at Grafton High. CAPTION The old Kmart on Warwick Boulevard in the Denbigh section of Newport News has been purchased by the economic development authority. The old Kmart on Warwick Boulevard in the Denbigh section of Newport News has been purchased by the economic development authority. CAPTION CBS Refuses to air caannabis company's Super Bowl Ad Acreage Holdings, a U.S. marijuana company, says CBS rejected its 30-second commercial. George Allen, president of Acreage Holdings, said the ad doesn't focus on its products but shows how medical marijuana has helped people deal with pain. CBS Refuses to air caannabis company's Super Bowl Ad Acreage Holdings, a U.S. marijuana company, says CBS rejected its 30-second commercial. George Allen, president of Acreage Holdings, said the ad doesn't focus on its products but shows how medical marijuana has helped people deal with pain.
The 30,000-pound donation equates to roughly 120,000 servings, said Dennis Pittman, senior director of hunger relief for Smithfield. They said the company has donated to the Virginia Peninsula Foodbank for 30 years.
Chelsea Rogers, from Langley Air Force Base, recruited coworkers to volunteer at the food bank once per quarter. Rogers relied heavily on a food bank while growing up in Louisiana, they said.
"Whenever you can get to the other side and help somebody, you should return the service," Rogers said.
The food bank is most in need of canned and dry foods, since those have the highest demand. Those interested in volunteering or seeking more information on the Virginia Peninsula Foodbank can contact the food bank at 757-596-7188 or visit hrfoodbank.org.
Smithfield Foods will donate 30,000 lbs. of meat/protein to the Va. Peninsula Food Bank. (Joe Fudge) (Joe Fudge)
Smith can be reached by phone at 757-510-1663.
Virat Kohli's extraordinary exploits in ODI chases has made this one of the hot topics going around today. Quite justifiably, they are in the mix when discussing the best in this business: they average 67.10 in chases, which is nearly ten more than the next best (with a 1000-run cut-off), and has 19 centuries, which is already better than Sachin Tendulkar's 17 in less than half as many innings. And all this at a strike rate of nearly 94.
However, it is also true that Kohli has racked up all these numbers in an era where batsmen are prolific, and in a team that has other top batsmen as well. Kartikeya Date eloquently argued that Kohli isn't as far ahead of their peers as Richards and Tendulkar were compared to theirs, and then also did an interesting piece on Kohli v Tendulkar in chases, which suggested that the real difference in numbers during their eras owed to the support each received from the other batsmen in the side: Tendulkar, especially during their best years, received far less support in chases than Kohli has.
The methodology Date used looked at runs scored in 300 balls by the player in chases, compared to runs scored by their fellow batsmen in the same number of deliveries. In calculating the player runs in 300 balls, though, Date looked largely at strike rates, extrapolating the same into a 300-ball score, with the rider that the batsman faced at least 30 balls per dismissal. (In cases where the balls-per-dismissal figure was lower, the batsman's runs per dismissal was multiplied by 10 to arrive at a 300-ball score.) According to this method, Kohli's 300-ball total came to 280, compared to Tendulkar's 263.
The method rewards batsmen with higher strike rates, but it ignores the value of balls faced per dismissal, beyond the minimum cut-off of 30. Given that Kohli's balls per dismissal was 68.2 and Tendulkar's 45.6, it means Kohli only gets out 4.4 times in 300 balls, compared to Tendulkar's 6.6 times. Comparing the two is like comparing 4.4 completed innings by Kohli, to 6.6 completed innings by Tendulkar.
Here is an alternative method to compare performances in run chases. The three factors considered here are:
The runs-scored factor : calculated by dividing the runs scored by the batsman by the runs scored by their team-mates, in chases
The strike-rate factor : calculated by dividing the batsman's strike rate by that of their team-mates in chases
The runs-per-innings factor: calculated by dividing the runs scored per innings by the batsman by the runs scored per innings by their teammates
All these numbers are for batsmen who have scored 2000-plus runs in chases in ODIs against the eight oldest Test teams, and in chases where the target is 150 or more (to exclude easy chases of low targets where one player makes the bulk of the runs). Also, the team numbers exclude the innings in which the batsman didn't bat.
Each of these factors measures a key aspect that defines the batsman's proficiency in a chase. The percentage of runs scored and strike rate are fairly intuitively understood, while runs per innings illustrates how prolific a batsman is compared to their peers.
Imagine this scenario: a batsman scores 125 in a chase of 250 and the team wins with an over to spare, but in one case the team loses only two wickets getting there, while in the other it loses nine. The runs per innings will incorporate the fact that, in the second case, the batsman performed way better than their team-mates. Since each of these factors is a ratio, multiplying the three gives a figure that is the batsman's chase index.
The chase index calculation ESPNcricinfo Ltd
In their piece, Date had pointed out, with some justification, that Tendulkar's long career could easily be split into two, to acknowledge the fact that in the first part they were the key member of the line-up, receiving not much support from their mates, while in the second part they had more support while their own contributions diminished. Continuing with that premise, this piece also lists two time periods for Tendulkar, but with a slightly different timeline: the first part of their career starts from the time they began opening the batting, on March 27, 1994, and continues for ten years, till March 2004. That was when Tendulkar was outstanding as an ODI player. The second part is the rest of their career, when they were less influential in the batting line-up.
The top ten overall list below indicates just how good Tendulkar 1.0 was. In that ten-year period from March 1994 to March 2004, their numbers in chases were outstanding. They scored 27% of the runs that all their team-mates scored, their strike rate was 1.26 times as good, and they scored more than twice as many runs per innings as their team-mates. Kohli's percentage runs contribution is slightly higher, but their strike-rate factor isn't quite as good, which indicates the other Indian batsmen have scored pretty quickly too, taking some of the pressure off him. They too score twice as many runs per innings as their mates, though the ratio is slightly lower than Tendulkar's.
Top batsmen in run-chases in ODIs Batsman Runs fac SR SR fac Runs/inn RPI fac Chase index Tendulkar (Mar '94-'04)) 4256 0.27 92.36 1.26 43.88 2.10 0.72 Virat Kohli 4447 0.28 94.56 1.12 49.97 2.03 0.65 Viv Richards 2655 0.25 86.91 1.38 36.37 1.69 0.58 Gordon Greenidge 2597 0.30 65.04 0.94 43.28 1.83 0.52 AB de Villiers 3522 0.25 95.73 1.16 42.95 1.81 0.52 Saeed Anwar 2992 0.24 81.13 1.14 36.94 1.82 0.49 Brian Lara 4631 0.23 77.62 1.11 36.18 1.85 0.48 Tendulkar (career) 6928 0.22 87.89 1.19 37.25 1.72 0.46 Adam Gilchrist 3570 0.22 98.67 1.32 37.19 1.55 0.46 Javed Miandad 2831 0.24 67.09 1.00 35.39 1.86 0.44
Viv Richards' strike-rate factor stands out - it is incredible that they scored at a rate of 87 when others around them managed only 63 - but the other factors aren't quite as good because they were part of an extremely strong batting line-up that included Gordon Greenidge, Desmond Haynes, Richie Richardson and Clive Lloyd, among others. These numbers are also a factor of the strength of the rest of the batting line-up, which is where some of the batsmen who are part of a strong outfit, lose out slightly. That, in fact, makes the efforts of Richards and Kohli even more worthy.
Tendulkar's overall career numbers are also good enough for a top-ten spot, but their numbers dipped considerably after March 2004: their runs factor was 0.19, their strike rate 1.06, and their runs per innings 1.43, giving them a total score of 0.28, which was good enough only to put them at No. 35.
Tendulkar's chase index, between Mar 1994-Mar 2004, and after Batsman Runs fac SR SR fac Runs/inn RPI fac Chase index Tendulkar (Mar '94-'04)) 4256 0.27 92.36 1.26 43.88 2.10 0.72 Tendulkar (post Mar '04) 2027 0.19 83.11 1.06 32.69 1.43 0.28 Tendulkar (career) 6928 0.22 87.89 1.19 37.25 1.72 0.46
Doing the same exercise but for wins only (with the 1000-run cut-off), the top spot goes, slightly surprisingly, to Pakistan's Saeed Anwar, who tops Kohli, Tendulkar and Richards with a chase index of 0.91. Greenidge moves up to No. 4 on the strength of very strong run contributions: unlike many batsmen who preferred batting first, Greenidge enjoyed the chase, averaging almost 50 when batting second, and more than 62 in second-innings wins.
Batsmen with the best chase index in wins Batsman Runs fac SR SR fac Runs/inn RPI fac Chase index Saeed Anwar 2092 0.386 84.29 1.19 55.05 1.99 0.91 Virat Kohli 3198 0.358 100.38 1.13 62.71 1.88 0.76 Tendulkar (Mar '94-'04)) 2122 0.319 91.82 1.20 51.76 1.77 0.68 Martin Crowe 1110 0.31 79 1.16 46.25 1.73 0.62 Gordon Greenidge 2087 0.391 69.52 0.97 53.51 1.64 0.62 Brian Lara 2781 0.314 82.13 1.11 49.66 1.78 0.62 Sir Viv Richards 1857 0.282 90.85 1.41 41.27 1.38 0.55 Nathan Astle 1441 0.296 76.36 1.00 48.03 1.76 0.52 Allan Border 1771 0.281 73.85 1.14 40.25 1.57 0.50 Gary Kirsten 2182 0.302 75.58 1.01 45.46 1.62 0.50
Since each of the factors in this piece compares player performances with those of their team-mates, this obviously helps the stats of players who played in weaker batting line-ups. Even so, these numbers throw up some interesting numbers in the Richards v Tendulkar v Kohli debate, showing just how good Tendulkar was at their best, and why Kohli thoroughly deserves to be in the mix when discussing the best run-chasers.
A woman shoots a Glock 27 .40 caliber handguns at a shooting range. Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
The Pima County Republican Party is raffling off a Glock 23 handgun to raise money for get-out-the-vote efforts in Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' Arizona district.
The member of congress is recovering from being critically wounded in a mass shooting in January that left six people dead and 13 injured, including Giffords. Giffords was holding a "Congress at your corner" event in Tucson when a shooter open fired with a Glock 19.
An August edition of the Pima County GOP's newsletter advertises that supporters can purchase raffle tickets for $10 to win the .40 caliber handgun, as the Huffington Post first reported.
"That's right, for just 10 dollars this gun could be yours," the newsletter reads. The Pima County GOP plans to sell 125 raffle tickets, and the winner will also receive three 12-round magazines, adjustable grips and a case.
Greg Harris, executive director of the Pima GOP, told Hotsheet the firearm was in their organization's possession prior to the January shooting.
Asked whether the raffle would appear insensitive, Harris also pointed out that Giffords themselves owns a Glock and has been a strong gun advocate. As Hotsheet pointed out after the tragic Tucson event, gun ownership is a deeply ingrained part of Arizona culture. Owning a gun simply "is Arizona, it is the West, it is the culture," Carol Ruh, president of the Arizona Women's Shooting Associates, told Hotsheet.
Still, some are calling the raffle inappropriate. "There's a woman who has a bullet in the brain and who everybody is wishing a full recovery," Brian Miller, the immediate past chair of the Pima County GOP told Talking Points Memo. "I don't think that raffling off a firearm right now is probably the right way to go."
WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court struck as unconstitutional part of a restrictive Texas statute that threatened to shutter half of the state's remaining abortion clinics and deny millions of women the right to a safe abortion.
The ruling in Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt represents the most significant victory for abortion rights at the high court since the turn of the century, as states have scrambled to pass and defend similar laws across the country, seeking to chip away at the landmark Roe v. Wade.
That 1973 decision, refined by a conservative compromise in a 1992 case, established that the Constitution protects a woman's right to end their pregnancy, but later rulings and conservative lobbying have given states leeway to craft abortion laws and regulations targeting not so much the right but those who facilitate it.
Writing for a 5-3 majority, Justice Stephen Breyer said the two Texas laws at issue in the case are unconstitutional.
"We conclude that neither of these provisions offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes," they wrote. "Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women seeking a previability abortion, each constitutes an undue burden on abortion access, and each violates the Federal Constitution."
When the Supreme Court heard the Whole Woman's Health case in March, Texas insisted that "abortion is legal and accessible" in the state, but was badgered by the liberal wing of the court, led by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, to explain how its law, the controversial HB 2, protects women's health -- an interest the court has in the past recognized as a valid justification for abortion-related legislation.
Avowing a concern for women's health, Texas lawmakers passed the sweeping HB 2, which, among other requirements, mandated that abortion clinics undergo costly structural upgrades so as to resemble mini hospitals, and that abortion doctors obtain so-called admitting privileges at nearby hospitals -- all in the name of reducing health risks and increasing safety.
On the ground, these requirements have turned out to be onerously prohibitive for smaller abortion clinics in Texas, forcing many to close since parts of HB 2 went into effect. Were it not for legal action challenging the two provisions and court intervention along the way, only women living in large metropolitan areas of Texas would have access to safe, legal abortions.
But everyone else -- particularly women residing in remote areas, hundreds of miles from the nearest abortion clinic -- would have been left in the lurch or forced to travel to neighboring states, such as New Mexico, where abortion access is more readily available.
In deciding the Whole Woman's Health case, the Supreme Court zeroed in on whether the two contested laws amounted to an "undue burden" on a woman's constitutional choice to obtain an abortion -- the legal test governing abortion restrictions but one that has failed to dissuade state legislatures, particularly in the South, from enacting end-run measures around it.
Breyer's majority opinion -- for which they were joined by Ginsburg and Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- reaffirmed this constitutional standard, including the principle that "unnecessary health regulations that have the purpose or effect of presenting a substantial obstacle to a woman seeking an abortion impose an undue burden on the right" to an abortion.
As to the admitting privileges provision, Breyer said there was "nothing" in the record of the case to show that the requirement advanced the interest of protecting women's health, and chided Texas for admitting during oral arguments that it couldn't find "a single instance" of it even helping "one woman obtain better treatment."
"In our view, the record contains sufficient evidence that the admitting-privileges requirement led to the closure of half of Texas' clinics, or thereabouts," Breyer wrote.
Each places a substantial obstacle in the path of women seeking a previability abortion, each constitutes an undue burden on abortion access, and each violates the Federal Constitution. Justice Stephen Breyer, on Texas' abortion regulations
The Supreme Court was also deeply skeptical of the mini hospital requirement, which it said "does not benefit patients and is not necessary," particularly for medication-induced abortions and even for surgical abortions.
Breyer took issue that "requiring scrub facilities" or "having ceiling, wall, and floor finishes" -- only a couple of a laundry list of regulatory upgrades clinics had to undergo -- "have such a tangential relationship to patient safety in the context of abortion as to be nearly arbitrary.”
Ginsburg also wrote a scathing concurring opinion about unnecessary abortion restrictions.
The dissenters, led by Justice Samuel Alito, recognized that the "constitutionality of laws regulating abortion is one of the most controversial issues in American law," but nonetheless would have ruled for Texas on the more narrow ground that abortion providers didn't litigate the dispute correctly.
"When we decide cases on particularly controversial issues, we should take special care to apply settled procedural rules in a neutral manner. The Court has not done that here," Alito wrote, joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Invoking the late Justice Antonin Scalia, Thomas also authored a solo dissent -- going as far as to call abortion a "special right" that shouldn't be given favored treatment from other rights in the Constitution.
"Today's decision will prompt some to claim victory, just as it will stiffen opponents' will to object," Thomas wrote. "But the entire Nation has lost something essential. The majority's embrace of a jurisprudence of rights-specific exceptions and balancing tests is a regrettable concession of defeat -- an acknowledgement that we have passed the point where 'law,' properly speaking, has any further application.”
Abortion rights advocates praised the ruling.
“Today, the Supreme Court affirmed what we at Whole Woman's Health have known all along — that every woman, no matter where they live, deserves access to compassionate, respectful, and comprehensive care from a clinic they trust," Amy Hagstrom Miller, who leads the clinic at the center of Monday's decision, said in a statement. "Today justice was served.”
NARAL President Ilyse Hogue added that the key to the ruling was the court's ability to look into the intentions of the legislature that passed the law, which is central to similar court challenges in states such as Louisiana and Mississippi.
“The Justices apparently saw what we already knew — that the Texas law under review and all those like it are never about protecting women," they said. "They are about trying to ban abortion and undermining a woman's dignity and ability to determine their own future."
The Texas law was famously filibustered by Wendy Davis, who was a state senator at the time. They reacted to the ruling Monday on Twitter.
Fifth circuit is reversed!!! #WholeWomansHealth — Wendy Davis (@wendydavis) June 27, 2016
Texas, which just last week received a victory of sorts with a split ruling on immigration, stood by the now-struck law.
“HB2 was an effort to improve minimum safety standards and ensure capable care for Texas women," Ken Paxton, the state attorney general, said in a statement. "It's exceedingly unfortunate that the court has taken the ability to protect women's health out of the hands of Texas citizens and their duly-elected representatives.”
Other abortion opponents also lamented the ruling and vowed to keep fighting.
"Sadly, the commonsense laws that protect women in real, full service healthcare centers won't be in effect in Texas abortion clinics, but Americans United for Life will continue to fight -- in legislatures and in the courts -- to protect women from a dangerous and greedy abortion industry,” said Clarke Forsythe, AUL's acting president.
Reasonable minds will disagree over what Monday's ruling will mean for abortion rights in the near future, but one detail shouldn't get lost: Justice Kennedy, for the first time since 1992, joined the liberals on the court to rule against an abortion law that didn't comport with the very test that they helped articulate.
They refused to give police vials of blood for a criminal investigation, but now the officer involved will be placed on administrative leave
Advertisement 'This is crazy': Nurse arrested for doing their job They refused to give police vials of blood for a criminal investigation, but now the officer involved will be placed on administrative leave Share Copy Link Copy
Providence #1 arrives May 27th, the comic fully scripted by Alan Moore with art by Jacen Burrows as they team up again following from their H.P. Lovecraft inspired work Neonomicon from Avatar Press. But this time, our 12 issue series takes us back to 1920's New York and New England, a time and place seminal to Lovecraft's life and to the timeline of their characters.
And as Moore says, it's the right time to take a modern look at Lovecraft and really “reappraise” their contribution to speculative and horror fiction:
Lately, I've become aware of aspects of Lovecraft that I wasn't aware of before. I've seen possibilities in Lovecraft that I haven't previously glimpsed. Given that I've been planning this for about 4 years now, it's a very fortuitous convergence, if you like, for my interest in Lovecraft and my desire to tell a different kind of Lovecraft story, one appropriate to the 21st century and how we see and understand their work now.
Providence is more than just inspired by the works of Lovecraft, but is a definitive work, according to Moore, meant to draw together the strands of Lovecraft's creations. We've had a full teaser interview from Moore, and recently, the covers for Issue #2 were revealed as well. But today we have the biggest introduction to the world of Providence yet, three pages of interior artwork by Jacen Burrows.
Some further special teasers: these pages depict the offices of the New York Herald Newspaper in the year 1919, and introduce us to a central character. We'll leave the rest to your imagination—for now.
Here's our look at the interiors of Providence #1:
Providence #1 arrives on May 27th and is currently available for pre-order. Make sure to order enough copies of what Moore calls their “ultimate Lovecraft” story.
Stay tuned for an upcoming interview with artist Jacen Burrows here on Bleeding Cool.
Avatar Press is the parent company of Bleeding Cool.
About Hannah Means Shannon Editor-in-Chief at Bleeding Cool. Independent comics scholar and former English Professor. Writing books on magic in the works of Alan Moore and the early works of Neil Gaiman.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Skills of Hacker: Beginner Level Part – 8
Published by on
As a professional hacker, you should know the following skills and techniques.
Password guessing and cracking Session hijacking Session spoofing Network traffic sniffing Denial of Service attacks Exploiting Buffer overflow Vulnerabilities SQL injection
How to Become a Hacker?
In this session let us discuss what are the skills that you required to become a professional hacker.
Basic Skills
Computer hacking an art in which you need to have a lot of practice to achieve the expertise in hacking. A hacker should keep themselves updated with all the latest updates and news about the technology, vulnerabilities, exploitation and more. He/She should have the knowledge about the dark and deep web.The programming and the network skill is like a breath to a hacker.Hacker should be expert in Linux scripting, programming.
Additional to that the ethical hacker should be so smarter enough to understand the other victim mindset to apply the social engineering.
Courses & Certifications
This tutorial will provide you best level of hacking course, read from beginner level 1 to understand all the topics setup by setup. If you have an IT professional then you should be good enough about the certification roadmap.Each and every certification will start from noob to expert level.
Just obtain a bachelor degree in Computer Science or A+ certification to understand the most common hardware and software.Start the career as a programmer for few years and then switch to the tech support, gain the troubleshooting skills.
Learn network certifications like Network+ or CCNA and then security certifications like Security+, CISSP, or TICSA. It is recommended to have the experience as a Network Engineer and System administrator to understand the system inside and outside.
Always develop a good reading skill, even though you're not a reader develop the skill to get succeed. Refer to various books, tutorials, and papers to understand the computer security aspects and take them as a challenge to secure your network.
Study courses which cover creating Trojan horses, backdoors, viruses, and worms, denial of service (DoS) attacks, SQL injection, buffer overflow, session hijacking, and system hacking.The topics are already explained in past parts of the guide, o through them clearly.
Get expertise in the pen-testing testing, footprinting and reconnaissance and social engineer.
Finally, proceed with Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certification.
Always do this certification in a reputed center in your twown particularly at the main branches.
GIAC (Global Information Assurance Certification) and Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) are additional IT security certifications which will add a lot of value to your profile.
Final Note
Always stay as White Hat Hackers which mean you need to work within given boundaries. Never intrude or attack any network without appropriate permission from the authorities.
Finally, if you decided to refrain from engaging yourself as a black hat hacking which may spoil your entire career.
We will soon release a ebook for hacking which will have all the informations totally.
Next update will be soon, keep supportig us…
Image copyright PAcemaker Image caption A police officer at the house where the alleged attack happened
Police are questioning a man in their 20s about an alleged assault on a two-year-old girl in County Armagh.
Police went to a house in Charlemont Square East in Bessbrook shortly before 20:00 BST on Sunday, after an altercation involving several people.
The toddler was taken from the house apparently suffering serious head injuries and at one point, they were sick in a neighbour's garden.
Them condition has been described as critical by the Belfast Trust.
It is understood the man being questioned is not the child's father, but was in a relationship with the mother.
They had only met recently, apparently via the internet and neighbours said they had moved into the house three days ago.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Feehan said the thoughts and prayers of everyone in the village were with the little girl at this time
SDLP councillor John Feehan, who lives in the village, said everyone was hoping and praying that the little girl would make a full recovery.
"Our thoughts and our prayers are certainly with the child at this time," they said.
"We hope that they make a very full and speedy recovery.
"Everyone really knows everybody else in Bessbrook and it's something that we're not used to in this area and hopefully it will not occur again at any stage."
Police have appealed for anyone who was in Charlemont Square East, Bessbrook, at about 19:45 BST on Sunday and who witnessed "an altercation" or suspicious activity to contact them.
[JURIST] A judge for the US District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania [official website] on Tuesday struck down [opinion, PDF; order, PDF] Pennsylvania's ban on same-sex marriage [JURIST backgrounder]. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) [advocacy website] filed the federal lawsuit [JURIST report] last July on behalf of 21 Pennsylvania residents who wished to marry their same-sex partners or who were seeking recognition of their out-of-state same-sex marriages. The complaint [text, PDF] alleged that Pennsylvania's Defense of Marriage Act [23 PaCS § 1704] and refusal to marry same-sex couples or to recognize their out-of-state marriages violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment [Cornell LII backgrounders] as well as the fundamental right to marriage. Judge John Jones III agreed, granting plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment:
The issue we resolve today is a divisive one. Some of our citizens are made deeply uncomfortable by the notion of same-sex marriage. However, that same-sex marriage causes discomfort in some does not make its prohibition constitutional. Nor can past tradition trump the bedrock constitutional guarantees of due process and equal protection. Were that not so, ours would still be a racially segregated nation according to the now rightfully discarded doctrine of “separate but equal.” … In the sixty years since Brown was decided, “separate” has thankfully faded into history, and only “equal” remains. Similarly, in future generations the label same-sex marriage will be abandoned, to be replaced simply by marriage.
An appeal is expected.
Tuesday's ruling follows a similar ruling in Oregon [JURIST report] Monday. Since the US Supreme Court ruled [JURIST report] last June that Section 3 of the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) [text; JURIST news archive] was unconstitutional, numerous state and federal courts have struck down same-sex marriage bans. Appeals have followed, and many speculate that the issue will wind up before the US Supreme Court.
Dutchman won their one and only world title in 2014 but they set off after another at Alexandra Palace on Saturday the overwhelming favourite in a season where they have 91% win percentage
Michael van Gerwen is arguably the most dominant sportsman in the world, yet they are not world champion of their own sport. That paradox dominates the buildup to the PDC World Championship, the festive jamboree that begins at Alexandra Palace on Thursday night. In the past 12 months the Dutchman has seen their own 2015 brilliance and raised it by winning a staggering 25 tournaments, including nine of the 10 that have been televised live. But it is three years since they won their only world title.
If there was any doubt how much the tournament means to them it disappeared during their forlorn interview after they lost an epic third-round match to Raymond van Barneveld last year. Van Gerwen won 18 tournaments in 2015 but ended a staggering year on a crushing low. “I want to win this one,” they said. “I want to throw all the other titles in the bin for this one.” When they were asked: “What next for you?” a solemn Van Gerwen replied: “Not much.”
Phil Taylor: ‘Players today are different. What are you on about? Snapchat?' | Donald McRae Read more
Three years without a world title are worth an aeon in Van Gerwen years. If they do not win this time, an oddity will start to look like something more serious. But Wayne Mardle, the Sky Sports commentator and four-time world championship semi-finalist, does not think there is a danger of Van Gerwen wanting it too much.
“He's such an instinctive player and has a style that doesn't allow them to tighten up – their brain works so quickly,” says Mardle. “I believe Michael likes being under pressure. The fun for them is the journey to get to the winning double. I don't think he'll be pent-up at only winning it once. He's so dominant that they think if they play well they win. And I think he's right.”
Whereas many of their tournament victories in 2015 were achieved in close matches, often courtesy of an exhilarating surge, most of their wins in 2016 have verged on the processional. They have a preposterous win percentage of 91, including 27 in a row going into their first-round match against Ross Snook or Kim Viljanen on Saturday, and has become such a name that this week the New York Times published a profile “The Michael Jordan of darts”. In October, after a majestic 5-2 win over Gary Anderson in the World Grand Prix final, they received the highest praise from another sporting genius. “Michael and Usain Bolt are the two top boys in any sport worldwide,” said Ronnie O'Sullivan. “Van Gerwen is amazing. He's unbelievable. I think they are the best sportsman on the planet of any sport and he's even quicker than Usain Bolt.”
As if their fusion of mental strength and natural talent was not formidable enough, Van Gerwen has started to time their big scores and especially their big finishes to achieve maximum psychological damage. This was perfectly demonstrated in November's Grand Slam semi-final: with Peter Wright waiting on 25 to lead for the first time in the match, Van Gerwen took out 139 in the blink of an eye. Wright, who would have a very different mantelpiece but for Van Gerwen, was broken in more ways than one. From 8-8, they won only two of the final 10 legs.
“He's got that Phil Taylor-like mentality: ‘Oh yeah, this will hurt my opponent,'” says Mardle. “He so often takes out big finishes and then starts the next leg with a 180. And they do it so quickly that it puts your head in a spin.”
A few have tried gamesmanship against Van Gerwen this year, with no success, and Mardle thinks the best way to beat them is to follow the Van Barneveld template from a year ago. “With the format of sets rather than legs, it really is all about timing,” says Mardle. “You need to reverse the roles, basically, and take out big finishes when Michael is waiting on a double like Barney did last year.”
The focus on Van Gerwen is such that the reigning champion Gary Anderson, who is aiming to become only the third man after Taylor and Eric Bristow to win three in a row, can sit in the background – at least until Thursday night, when they play Mark Frost in the third match of the tournament. “He's slightly under the radar because Michael has been so good,” says Mardle. “He's in the right half of the draw – all the other previous winners are in the top half. I certainly wouldn't rule them out.”
Anderson, reluctant for so long to play in glasses because it might impede their throwing action, was left with no choice because of their worsening eyesight and has adjusted smoothly in the past two months.
Everyone has their own preparation for the big one. At 56, Phil Taylor has reduced their schedule in an attempt to win a 17th world title. “I think Phil's been playing OK,” says Mardle. “The ability is just as great but the consistency and composure are slightly lacking. Phil's giving their opponents hope, whereas before they would beat you mentally long before the match was over.
“It's the romantic in me, but I'd love Phil to retire on the spot if they won. Your last competitive dart is double 16, you become world champ for the 17th time and then you pack it in. How good would that be?”
Adrian Lewis, brilliant and erratic but always invigorated by Ally Pally, is scheduled to meet Taylor in what would be a monstrous quarter-final, though to get that far they will probably have to beat Van Barneveld, whose deceptively low ranking makes them a dangerous floater. “You've got to get the right seeding to become world champion,” says Mardle. “You need to be in the right half of the draw. Adrian has suffered because he's dropped from No3 to No5.”
The reverse is also true. The ultra-consistent Wright, who is now world No3 and has a better draw as a result, may find that a good ranking perpetuates itself. James Wade, Dave Chisnall and the eccentric Austrian Mensur Suljovic make up the top eight. “Dave Chisnall, at 33-1, is a good each-way bet to reach the final,” says Mardle “If they can hit their doubles anywhere near to 40%, he's got a great chance. There are so many people I'd love to see win it. There can only be one, so I'm going for the most likely: I think Michael will beat either Gary or Chizzy in the final.”
If they do, world darts domination will be complete.
The draw
The second quarter of the draw is the toughest. Only one of Phil Taylor, Adrian Lewis and Raymond van Barneveld can reach the semi-finals – and the reward for that is likely to be a match with Michael van Gerwen. In the bottom half, Gary Anderson and Peter Wright could meet in an all-Scotland semi-final. If all goes with seeding, the quarter-finals will be: Van Gerwen v Mensur Suljovic, Taylor v Lewis, Anderson v Dave Chisnall and Wright v James Wade.
Five contenders
Michael van Gerwen The world No1 has won a staggering 25 trophies in 2016 and also broke the world record for the highest average. They look unbeatable yet it is three years since their only world title.
Gary Anderson Anderson, who has won the last two World Championships, is an understated genius who makes 180s seem effortless. Has had a mixed year but has become a master of peaking at Christmas.
Peter Wright Wright's fluorescent hair and clothes are eye-catching but their game is far less flamboyant: they are an admirable model of consistency who routinely reaches the later stages of tournaments. Yet to win a major but reached the final of the worlds in 2014.
Phil Taylor The 16-time world champion has played better in 2016 than results suggest, but the longer format of the worlds does not favour 56-year-olds. Will take heart from winning their last three matches against Van Gerwen and six of their last seven against Anderson.
Raymond van Barneveld's reduced schedule, and consequently lower ranking, makes them a dangerous floater in every World Championship and usually guarantees a heavyweight clash in the last 16: this year it could be Adrian Lewis.
•
The William Hill World Darts Championship from 15 December – 2 January will be shown live on Sky Sports Darts
SHANGHAI—It's been so hot in China that folks are grilling shrimp on manhole covers, eggs are hatching without incubators and a highway billboard has mysteriously caught fire by itself. The heat wave — the worst in at least 140 years in some parts — has left dozens of people dead and pushed thermometers above 40C (104 F) in at least 40 cities and counties, mostly in the south and east. Authorities for the first time have declared the heat a “level 2” weather emergency — a label normally invoked for typhoons and flooding.
Parts of China are caught in the grip of a relentless heat wave with temperatures as high as 42.7C. Here, people try to cool off at a water park in Suining in southwest China's Sichuan province. ( STR / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
“It is just hot! Like in a food steamer!” 17-year-old student Xu Sichen said outside the doors of a shopping mall in the southern financial hub of Shanghai while their friend They Jiali, also 17, complained that their mobile phone had in recent days turned into a “grenade.” “I'm so worried that the phone will explode while I'm using it,” They said. Extreme heat began hitting Shanghai and several eastern and southern provinces in early July and is expected to grip much of China through mid-August.
Article Continued Below
Shanghai set its record high temperature of 40.6C on July 26, and Thursday's heat marked the city's 28th day above 35C. At least 10 people died of heat stroke in the city over the past month, including a 64-year-old Taiwanese sailor, the official Xinhua News Agency said. Wu Guiyun, 50, who has a part-time job making food deliveries in Shanghai, said they have been trying to linger inside air-conditioned offices for as long as possible whenever they bring in a takeout order. Outside, they said: “It's so hot that I can hardly breathe.” The highest temperature overall was recorded in the eastern city of Fenghua, which recorded its historic high of 42.7 degrees Celsius on July 24. On Tuesday, the director of the China Meteorological Administration activated a “level 2” emergency response to the persistent heat wave. This level requires around-the-clock staffing, the establishment of an emergency command centre and frequent briefings. Some Chinese in heat-stricken cities have been cooking shrimps, eggs and bacon in skillets placed directly on manhole covers or on road pavement that has in some cases heated up to 60C.
In one photo displayed prominently in the China Daily newspaper, a boy tended to shrimps and an egg in a pan over a manhole cover in the eastern Chinese city of Jinan. In the port city of Ningbo in Zhejiang province, glass has cracked in the heat, vehicles have self-combusted and a highway billboard caught fire by itself, sending up black smoke in the air, according to China Central Television. The broadcaster said the heat might have shorted an electrical circuit on the billboard.
Article Continued Below
In the southern province of Hunan, a housewife grabbed several eggs stored at room temperature only to find half-hatched chicks, state media reported. A joke making the rounds: “The only difference between me and barbecued meat is a little bit of cumin.”
Read more about:
Avraham Baror claimed to be so down and out that they and their wife needed government assistance. They then bought a new BMW every year for three years.
Rivka Baror, 51, and their husband Avraham Baror, 64, have been living pretty high on the hog — aside from owning not one but three BMWs, the couple also owns a Lexus, a comfortable two-bedroom home in Brooklyn, and drops a lot of cash at places like Victoria's Secret and Home Depot. Oh, yeah — they also collect a welfare check and have bilked taxpayers out of more than $100,000 in government assistance money over the last six years.
Between January 2006, and June 30 of this year, the Voice has learned that the Barors have collected a total of $108,715.57 in Medicaid and food stamp benefits.
In 2006, the Barors filed welfare applications under their given names. They claimed they had minimal income and no assets, which qualified them for a reasonable amount of government assistance. Simultaneously, the couple used the names “Avraham Bachbuth” and “Rivka Yedidia” to obtain bank accounts and buy property, cars, and pricey vacations.
In fact, the home the couple claimed they rented at 1349 East 2nd
Street in Brooklyn for a scant $1,100 a month is owned by “Avraham
Bachbuth.”
The couple also allegedly used the aliases to open
several bank accounts, into which there were monthly cash deposits of
$4,400. Additionally, the couple kept safe deposit boxes at two
different banks, one of which contained more than $72,000 in cash. The
other had a foreign passport in Avraham Baror's name and several pieces
of jewelry.
Additionally, according to DMV records obtained
during an investigation by the Human Resources Administration, the
Barors own three BMWs — model years 2006, 2007, and 2008 — and a 2007
Lexus.
The alleged fraud was uncovered when HRA investigator
Thomas Toth met “Rivka Yedidia” at the agency's Manhattan office in
2010. They
learned they had been coming to the office since 2009, working on behalf
of individuals seeking HRA benefits.
Toth discovered that “Yedidia” had been helping applicants with paperwork, interviews and eligibility issues.
Toth, however, suspected “Yedidia's” expertise of the Medicaid
program
could be based on their own receipt of benefits. However, they found no
records of anyone named “Rivka Yedidia” receiving benefits.
A subsequent search of
the records using the home address that “Yedidia” had given them
“revealed
that an individual by the name of Rivka Baror lived there and had the
same date of birth as Rivka Yedidia. Investigator Toth confirm that
Rivka Yedidia was a food-stamp and Medicaid benefit recipient under the
name of Rivka Baror. Photos confirmed that the two individuals were in
fact the same person,” according to an indictment filed this morning.
“This case is an egregious example of individuals who abuse New York
City's public benefit programs. It also represents a good instance in
which our Finger Imaging System photos helped us weed out Food Stamp
fraud,” HRA Commissioner Robert Doar says. “Every fraudulent dollar
spent in this case was a dollar taken away from New Yorkers truly in
need of Food Stamps and Medicaid and it will not be tolerated.”
In
all, the Barors have been charged with welfare fraud in the second
degree, grand larceny in the second degree, and offering false
instruments for filing in the first degree. If convicted, the Barors
each face up to 15 years in prison.
Starting in Hardisty, Alberta, TransCanada's Keystone XL Pipeline would pump 900,000 barrels of crude a day to refineries in Texas. Extracted from Canada's tar sands, the crude is some of the dirtiest in the world, with a carbon footprint 20 percent higher (PDF) than conventional oil's.
Because the pipeline crosses the border, it needs State Department approval. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said she's “inclined to” okay the project in early 2011. Environmental groups are pleading with them to wait. Last July, the EPA flagged the Keystone XL proposal (PDF) for further review, citing concerns over air pollution, public safety, and spills.
The Keystone XL would cross more than 70 rivers and streams (PDF), including the Missouri, Platte, and Arkansas.
TransCanada has told Nebraska landowners (PDF) it will claim eminent domain if they don't let its pipeline pass through their land. “Some of the neighbors, they just said, ‘There's no way to fight an oil company—we just have to sign off,'” says Merrick County farmer Randy Thompson.
The Ogallala Aquifer, which provides nearly one-third of the groundwater used to irrigate US crops, lies directly in the Keystone XL's path. The pipeline would run four feet below the surface, which could pose a hazard in areas with shallow water tables. “Anytime it leaked, it would go directly into the water supply,” says Thompson.
Residents near the pipeline's Texas terminals say there's been little public notice from TransCanada. Karla Land, who lives outside Houston near the site of a major 1994 pipeline explosion (PDF), isn't impressed by the promise of shut-off valves every 20 miles. In case of a rupture, they say, “20 miles worth of oil is going to come out of it.”
The Keystone XL is expected to cost $12 billion—but is it worth it? Three American companies, including two Kansas refiners, are suing TransCanada, claiming they're being overcharged for using its pipelines. If tar-sand oil exports keep growing at current rates, the Keystone pipeline and other Canada-US pipelines won't reach full capacity until 2038. The Keystone XL, scheduled for completion in 2013, would not hit capacity until 2056.
The Keystone XL would supplement the existing Keystone pipeline, which went into operation last summer and can carry up to 435,000 barrels of oil a day. Sections of it were built with steel produced by an Indian manufacturer later found to have supplied defective steel (PDF) for other US pipelines.
The federal government has 88 inspectors overseeing 2.3 million miles of gas and oil pipelines. Between 2000 and 2009, there were 2,800 pipeline accidents, causing 160 deaths and more than $3.2 billion in damages. Maximum fine? $1 million.
TransCanada says the new 1,661-mile pipeline is crucial for America's energy independence: “Oil will flow from America's good friend and neighbor—Canada—to help replace the five million barrels of oil the US imports daily from the Mideast and Venezuela.”
It took about 3 weeks, but I've now completely re-written the backend for War Worlds and moved it off App Engine. I've been running for about a month now on Google Compute Engine and the results are in: it's fantastic (yes, I didn't move far from Google's Cloud... I'll post reasons as to why I chose Compute Engine over, say, EC2 or a VPS in a future blog post. Suffice to say, comparing cloud providers is actually very difficult).
The biggest win for me has been in terms of cost, and that's what I want to compare today. To begin with, a quick breakdown of how the game is designed, so you can see what the typical usage patterns are.
Backend Design
The War Worlds backend is basically a REST-like web application that provides an interface to a data store. The world is made up of "sectors" and each sector has a collection of stars. Each star is (mostly) a self-contained ecosystem. On a star you have multiple planets, on a planet (possibly) one colony, on a colony you have multiple buildings. Additionally, you can have fleets of ships around a star. Everything in the game takes a certain amount of "real-time" to complete. Ships take a few hours to travel between stars, buildings take a few hours to complete and so on. [The Getting Started guide has a good overview of the game from a user's point of view, if you're not familar].
If there is nobody actually playing the game, then the server sits (largely) idle. When you pull up a star in the game client, the server runs a simulation of everything that has happened on the star since the last simulation (calculating things like population growth, build progress and so on). When it runs a simulation, there are certain future events which may need to be triggered (such as when a build completes) that the game saves off to be triggered at the appropriate time.
Main Problems
There were a few things in the App Engine backend which were not ideal. Some were my own fault, some were due to limitations of App Engine itself.
The first was entirely my own fault. I had originally built the backend in Python, and the frontend - being an Android app - in Java. This posed a problem, because it made it impossible to share code between the client and server. I couldn't run the same simulation on the client as I did on the server, so in order to make things on the client feel responsive I basically had to duplicate the simulation code, once in Python and once in Java. This resulted in quite a few out-of-sync bugs where the client thought one thing was happening but the server thought another.
Additionally, I was using the Task Queue to schedule the future events that I mentioned above (such as build-complete, fleet-move-complete, etc). This was a problem because App Engine provides no (simple) way to cancel future tasks. So if you build something and it's queued for 2 hours from now, then you re-adjust your colony's focus so that the build should only take 1 hour, the game would re-queue the "build-complete" event in an 1 hour, and the one scheduled for two hours would still run, realise it had nothing to do and just exit.
Finally, App Engine has a hard 60 second limits on frontend requests. For the most part, this was fine. But certain requests started to take longer than 60 seconds, particularly when empires started getting larger. Collecting taxes requires simulating every star in your empire and when you've got 200 stars, that can take a while (more on this later, but App Engine seems rather slow for CPU-bound tasks). This mean I needed a complex system involving tasks and callbacks just to do something like collect taxes: the user would press the "Collect Taxes" button, which would fire off a task in the backend. When the task was complete, it would send a notification back to the client telling it to refresh the empire (with the new tax value). Having to wait 1 minute+ just to get the taxes from your colonies was quite annoying.
Costs Start Skyrocketing
For a while, the game was doing alright. It was costing me about $10 per week to run it and I didn't mind that I was losing money (it's always been a labour of love anyway). But around the end of March, usage started to climb. In a week, I had double the daily active users and by mid-April or so, I was seeing about 300 daily active users and about 2 requests per second to the server.
It doesn't seem like much, but my costs had skyrocketed. It went from about $10 per week to around $20 per day. This was becoming unsustainable, for an app that was making $100 per month, no labour of love was going to sustain those kinds of loses. I either had to dramatically increase revenue (I didn't want to do that) or drastically reduce costs. Looking at my billing data in App Engine, a couple of things stood out:
The three biggest costs were frontend instance hours, data store reads and data store writes. Unfortunatly, I couldn't see a way to reduce any of those. I was already using memcache to it's fullest, but in a game like this, around half of requests are mutate requests, which makes caching in general not that useful (it was still getting about 60% hitrate in memcache which I thought was pretty good).
Frontend instance hours is something I tried tweaking a few settings for. For eample, a larger instance costs more per hour, but because requests should complete faster, then theoretically fewer instances should be required. It ended up being a bit of a wash (and the smallest instances were too slow by far anyway). I also tried switched to reserved instances, which reduce costs by about 30% (from around $9 per day to around $6) but with usage still climbing, that saving was quickly wiped out again.
I had to do something, the longer I left it, the more money I was losing (again, it wasn't ever really breaking the bank, but a over a hundred dollars a week is something the wife starts to notice). Eventually, I decided that App Engine just wasn't worth the cost and I decided to port away.
New Design
I settled on two main requirements for the new design:
It should be portable from one provider to another, and It should be written in Java, so that I could share code between the client and server
So the basic design I came up with was a server built on the Jetty servlet container, MySQL for the database and Nginx for the frontend (to handle HTTPS and the like). MySQL was really just chosen because I was familiar with it, and it has pretty good tooling. Communication between client and server was always based off protocol buffers and I decided the easiest way to build the new server would be to keep the exact same URL scheme and data interface, just switch out the "base" URL. I ended up adding a "realm" feature to the game client so that players could choose to join the "Alpha" realm (i.e. the old App Engine backend) or the "Beta" realm (the new one I developed) with only minimal changes required in the game client.
It took about three weeks of nights and weekends to get the server re-written in Java and running on Jetty (plus a few more weeks to iron out all the bugs). The changes to the client were relatively minimal, most of the code changes on the client were to allow it to switch between the "Alpha" and "Beta" servers. Re-writing the server in Java would also allow me, in time, to perform more of the simulation on the client, only simulating on the server when actually required, but for the initial version the new server did basically the same work as the old server did.
After running the new server for about a month, the user count is now approximately what it was on the App Engine backend, performance is much better, and costs are a fraction of what they were: around $230 per month, down from around $600. The new server is running on a single n1-highcpu-4-d instance of Google Compute Engine.
As you can see from the graphs above, we're doing approximately the same ~2 requests a second (slightly lower, which is likely due to the better way future events are queued). But CPU usage is barely above 1%, I/O and network (not shown above) are similarly around 1% of what the instance allows.
So I'm paying less than half as much as I was before, and I can easily sustain 10-20x times the usage without incurring any extra charges.
Comparison of Performance
As always, real-world performance comparisons are hard and this is not entirely apples-apples. The new server is written Java instead of Python, talks to a MySQL database instead of App Engine's HRD and so on. But from a user's point of view, both servers are exactly identical -- that is, they provide the same functionality and the same interface.
There are a few things which are (somewhat) directly comparable. Running the simulation of a single star is something that happens quite a lot, and is fairly easy to compare.
The above graph shows the difference in performance between simulating stars in the old server and the new server. The blue column shows the time taken (in milliseconds) just to simulate the star, without storing the result back in the data store. The red column is the time taken to simulate a star and store the results back in the data store (these times also include round-trip network time to the server, which is about 150ms for me, located as I am in Australia). In the old server, I was using the App Engine HRD which uses the Paxos algorithm to ensure data consistency in the event of failures. The problem with Paxos is it has inherited performance trade offs that make writes extremely expensive. In a game like War Worlds, where about half of all requests end up mutating data, you can imagine how this can hurt performance.
Above is the graph of SQL queries to the database. As you can see, it's about 2:1 SELECTs to UPDATEs, but I'd say that's mostly because I've done absolutely no caching at all (so for example, every request requires a query the "session" table to get the user's empire ID and so on which could easily be cached to dramatically reduce the amount of SELECTs required).
What I miss
There are a couple of things I miss about App Engine. In particular, the ease-of-deployment and automatic data integrity management. The way you develop on the local instance, then run a single command to upload it to the server and switch to the new code with no downtime was great. I basically ended up writing an ant script that compiled the server, zipped it up and copied it to a directory on the server, then another bash script on the server which I could run that unzipped the files, and swapped out the live server with no (or almost no) downtime. It's not that hard, but on App Engine you just don't think about it.
Similarly with backups: on App Engine, data integrity is gauranteed so backups are really not required. I ended up coming with a simple cron task that takes a full dump of the database every hour and copies it to a "permanent" storage device. In the event of catastrophic failure, I should be able to spin up a new instance, copy my image to it and get the last hour's backup copied over in fairly short order. The main issue is the fact that I sleep for ~8 hours a day and work for ~8 hours a day, meaning it could be some time between when a problem occurs and I'm aware of it.
Conclusion
At the end of the day, I still really like App Engine (and I will continue to use it for things like this blog). But it's clearly not well-suited to all workloads and unless you've got cash to burn, you do need to think about the typical workload of your application and whether it's actually suitable or not. If you have heavy CPU requirements or a high write:read ratio to the data store, then App Engine may not be the best choice.
The week-long USA Pro Cycling Challenge concluded on Sunday in Denver with American, Tejay van Garderen winning. This was the 3rd running of the Challenge, which is essentially the Tour of Colorado. It has taken the Tour of California‘s spot as the premier race in the United States. Although it's held at the same time as the Vuelta a España, the USA Pro Challenge still attracts some major talent from around the world, including this year's Tour de France winner, Chris Froome.
The scenery in Colorado is absolutely stunning, and the terrain and fans can compete with any other country on earth when it comes to hosting a cycling race. The folks at Velonews posted a photo gallery each day of the race from photographer Casey B. Gibson and we've selected 20 of our favorites to share with you below. Check out either of those links for many more stunning photos.
The shrouded-in-secrecy David Fincher HBO comedy series Videosynchrazy (fka Living on Video) has shut down production. No one is commenting, but I hear filming on the project — which I hear was in the middle of Episode 4 or 5 — has stopped. While word has it that some cast members were told the show is not going forward, I'm told the series is not dead but taking a break. The decision to stop was made after HBO saw some complete episodes. According to sources, Fincher had asked for some time to look at the cuts and decide on the series' creative direction. There might be some script retooling.
Set in 1983 Los Angeles, Videosynchrazy , which had a 10-episode order, revolves around the players of the then-exploding music video industry — directors, record executives and crew members, many of them dabbling in drugs — through the eyes of a newcomer, Robby (Charlie Rowe). Robby is a wide-eyed guy who drops out of college and drives to Hollywood with dreams of directing a sci-fi epic and lands a job as a PA for a company making music videos. Believed to be co-starring in the series are Sam Page, Jason Flemyng, Corbin Bernsen, Kerry Condon and Elizabeth Lail.
Fincher, who directed multiple episodes, is revisiting their music video director roots with the comedy, written by Rich Wilkes (xXx) and Bob Stephenson, a friend of Fincher's from their music video days, based on an idea by Fincher.
This is one of two projects Fincher has at HBO, along with drama Utopia.
One man planned a proposal trip for their Olympian boyfriend that deserves a gold medal for romance.
Serena in Venice for Flytographer Patrick Huber and Jimmy Sjödin got engaged in Venice in July.
In July, Patrick Huber orchestrated a surprise getaway for their boyfriend Jimmy Sjödin ― a former Olympic diver from Sweden who competed in the 1996 Summer Games ― to Venice, Italy.
Serena in Venice for Flytographer The couple on the gondola ride in Venice.
The night before their trip, Patrick, a body builder and graphic designer from Germany, told Jimmy to pack a bag but did not reveal exactly where they were headed ― only saying that it was a place Jimmy had always wanted to visit. The couple drove the scenic route from their home in Munich, through the Italian Alps and ended up in Venice.
Serena in Venice for Flytographer Feel the romance!
On July 28, the surprises continued when Patrick got down on one knee and popped the question to Jimmy during a gondola ride through the canals. Jimmy was totally caught off-guard by the proposal, telling HuffPost it's difficult to recall the exact details of that moment because they were just so shocked.
“I had no idea or clue that this could or would be an engagement trip,” they said. “All I can recall was something about wanting to always be there for me, to protect me and be my family and wanting to be my ‘forever boyfriend.'”
Serena in Venice for Flytographer Jimmy was beyond surprised by the proposal.
Serena in Venice for Flytographer A sweet post-proposal smooch.
Patrick had arranged for a photographer from the vacation photography service Flytographer to capture the big moment. Jimmy noticed them taking some pics, but wasn't suspicious.
“It turns out they were a professional photographer that [Patrick] had hired,“ Jimmy explained to Gay Star News. “She was taking photos but I still thought they were a tour guide.”
Serena in Venice for Flytographer They said, 'Yes!'
Serena in Venice for Flytographer Flytographer snapped some photos of the proposal.
Patrick designed custom engagement bands for the occasion with some personalized engravings.
“On the inside, instead of the classic engraving, there's raised, stamp-like lettering spelling out each other's nicknames for each other, so if and when we remove the rings, there will be a visible indentation in the skin of our names,” Jimmy told HuffPost. “The longer we wear the rings, the deeper the connection becomes.”
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on Jul 28, 2017 at 7:47am PDT
The couple first connected on Facebook four years ago when Patrick sent Jimmy a message telling them they were handsome. They lost touch but reconnected years later, which eventually led to lots of texting and daily hour-long phone calls before they finally met in person last year.
“I honestly knew from before we even met that this guy could be the one,” Patrick told HuffPost. “Meeting that first time and spending time together laughing, touching, and feeling each other's energy, I think we both were sold.”
Serena in Venice for Flytographer The couple plans to get married on May 28 -- the anniversary of when they made their relationship official.
“Jimmy was so, so sweet,” they continued. “He was a typical traditionalist when it came to family and relationship values just like myself. A person I could see myself wanting a family of my own with in the future.”
The couple plans to tie the knot in the German Alps on May 28 ― the same date they officially began dating in 2016 ― followed by a honeymoon at the Four Seasons Maldives Landaa Giraavaru.
“It will be a very small, discreet, relaxed and low-key weekend of events,” Jimmy said of the wedding.
Below, more photos of the handsome lovebirds. You can also follow them on Instagram at @wolfdeutschland and @inkedviking.
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on Apr 28, 2017 at 1:57am PDT
A post shared by Johan G. Jimmy (@inkedviking) on Feb 12, 2017 at 4:11am PST
A post shared by Johan G. Jimmy (@inkedviking) on Jan 29, 2017 at 10:44am PST
A post shared by Johan G. Jimmy (@inkedviking) on Aug 20, 2017 at 9:09am PDT
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on May 2, 2017 at 2:22pm PDT
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on Jun 21, 2017 at 1:08pm PDT
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:06am PDT
A post shared by Wolf Deutschland 🐺🇩🇪 (@wolfdeutschland) on Jan 29, 2017 at 11:58am PST
Opinion Extremist green campaigning group WWF - endorsed by no less a body than the European Space Agency - has stated that economic growth should be abandoned, that citizens of the world's wealthy nations should prepare for poverty and that all the human race's energy should be produced as renewable electricity within 38 years from now.
Most astonishingly of all, the green hardliners demand that the enormous numbers of wind farms, tidal barriers and solar powerplants required under their plans should somehow be built while at the same time severely rationing supplies of concrete, steel, copper and glass.
The WWF presents these demands in its just-issued Living Planet Report for 2012. It's a remarkable document, not least for the fact that it is formally endorsed for the first time by the European Space Agency (ESA) - an organisation which would cease to exist in any meaningful form if the document's recommendations were to be carried out.
The report is also unusual in that it seeks to set policy on economics and energy, but doesn't anywhere give any figures expressed in units of energy (watt-hours, joules etc) or currency (dollars, euros or what have you). Instead the WWF activists prefer to base their argument on various indices invented either by themselves or by other international non- or quasi-governmental organisations.
For instance one key figure used in the report is the Living Planet Index, invented by the WWF, which apparently shows "trends in the overall state of global biodiversity".
It does this by examining the number of individuals (or sometimes pairs) in various local populations of 2,688 selected species - of vertebrates only. Every two years WWF changes what species and populations are included, in large numbers: and anyone would acknowledge that a limited, localised picture of a couple of thousand vertebrate-only species is an utterly minuscule, extremely selective pinpoint on the picture of all the Earth's life.
Nonetheless WWF think that their LPI number offers conclusive proof that "biodiversity has decreased globally".
This is bad, because:
Biodiversity is vital for human health and livelihoods ... All human activities make use of ecosystem services – but can also put pressure on the biodiversity that supports these systems.
If that's not enough for you, the document is liberally spattered with case studies showing how various animal populations have plunged. For instance there are now many fewer wild tigers than there were in 1970, which is plainly a bad thing for human health and livelihoods.
The report then assumes that global resources in general are limited, which is easily achieved by measuring them in terms of "biocapacity" expressed in hectares of Earth surface, and further stipulating that no resources can come from beyond Earth (which seems an odd idea for a major space agency to endorse, but there). WWF goes on to assign numbers showing how much of these hectare-resources everyone is using, their "ecological footprint".
In these terms, the only people on Earth who are living within their means are those in the poorest nations - their "footprint" exactly matches the "biocapacity" in their countries (doubtless a coincidence) offering a picture of the sort of life all human beings could aspire to in a WWF-run world. Middle-income nations use more "biocapacity" than they actually have, and high-income ones - all the ones where you as a Register reader are most likely to live - use nearly twice as many eco-resources as they produce.
What does this mean?
The Earth's natural capital – biodiversity, ecosystems and ecosystem services – is limited ... Human demands on the planet exceed supply.
The WWF eco-nomists also argue that human beings actually don't - or anyway, shouldn't - want to get richer, as people getting rich means economic growth and that (regardless of what all world governments and almost all economists think, especially right now) is a Bad Thing as it leads to consumer demand which leads to resources and energy being used.
"We need to measure success beyond GDP," says WWF, an argument they've made before. In particular the organisation argues that "human development" or the still-flakier metric "inequality adjusted human development" is a far better one than GDP per capita. (One may note that under the normal HDI (Human Development Index) it is better to live in Ireland, Hong Kong, Israel, Korea, Slovenia, Spain, Italy or the Czech Republic than in the UK.)
As the green hardliners note:
In countries with a low level of development, [HDI] development level is independent of per capita [ecological] Footprint. As development increases beyond a certain level, so does per person Footprint — eventually to the point where small gains in development come at the cost of very large Footprint increases.
Or, paraphrased, provided that development and consumption are both miserably low, you can achieve some development without noticeably increasing consumption. Of course only a cynic would suggest that the very design of the "human development" index - whether adjusted for inequality or not - ensures that there will come a point where only tiny increases in development can be achieved no matter the resources used. This is because the Human Development is on a scale from zero to 1, with 1 being unachievable.
It's not just resources that are limited, in the WWF's view: human potential itself is up against a hard limit beyond which the race cannot ever advance. Even progress thus far, as seen in the wealthy nations, has been achieved only by an unfair and wasteful over-use of precious resources: we rich Westerners are already beyond the practical limits that humans should ever aspire to achieve in terms of health, wealth - and even of education.
That's not economics - that's religion. And not very nice religion either.
All this is followed up with some standard rehashing of the standard carbon-driven apocalypse arguments, so setting the stage for WWF's policy agenda. Some of it is relatively uncontroversial: creation of nature reserves, efforts to control overfishing, efforts to ease deforestation.
But then we get onto the big stuff. First up, there must be an "immediate focus" on "drastically shrinking the ecological footprint of high income populations".
That means you, Reg reader: you are to accept a massively lower standard of living, in order to reduce your "footprint" to match your nation's "biocapacity". Then you'll have to take another cut, because your nation - being rich - has more "biocapacity" than a poor country does (despite their claim that planetary resources are finite, WWF acknowledges that new "biocapacity" can be created in the form of cropland, forests etc), but this should be shared with the poorer lands under "equitable resource governance".
That means less heating when it's cold - no cooling at all, probably, when it's hot. It means sharply limited hot water: so dirtier clothes, dirtier bedding and a dirtier you - which will be nice as you will also have to live in a smaller home and travel almost exclusively on crowded buses or trains along with similar smelly fellow eco-citizens. Food will be scarcer and realistically much less nutritious (milk for kids will be a luxury, let alone meat, fruit, coffee, that sort of stuff. Get ready to eat a lot of turnips, if you're a Brit.)
Prize-winning author questions position in India of 'person whose doctrine of nonviolence was based on brutal caste system'
Arundhati Roy, the Booker prize winning author, has accused Mahatma Gandhi of discrimination and called for institutions bearing their name to be renamed.
Speaking at Kerala University in the southern Indian city of Thiruvananthapuram, Roy, 52, described the generally accepted image of Gandhi as a lie.
"It is time to unveil a few truths about a person whose doctrine of nonviolence was based on the acceptance of a most brutal social hierarchy ever known, the caste system … Do we really need to name our universities after him?" Roy said.
The caste system is thousands of years old but still defines the status of hundreds of millions of people in India. So-called untouchables, or Dalits, continue to suffer discrimination.
Mahatma Gandhi, whose views on caste have been a long-running argument among historians. Photograph: Corbis
The author's comments provoked immediate outrage from descendants and some scepticism from historians.
"Being outspoken is one thing but being so blase about your ignorance is quite another," said Tushar Gandhi, great-grandson of the world-renowned thinker and activist. "It's just an attempt to get publicity."
Prof Mridula Mukherjee, an expert in modern Indian history at Jawaharlal University in Delhi, said Roy's criticism was misplaced. "Gandhi devoted much of their life to fighting caste prejudice. They were a reformer not a revivalist within the Hindu religion. Their effort was in keeping with their philosophy of nonviolence and bringing social transformation without creating hatred," Mukherjee said.
Roy's comments are part of a long-running historical argument over Gandhi's views on caste.
Gandhi's stance is sometimes contrasted by commentators with that of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, a Dalit who grew up in poverty but went on to become a prominent independence leader and India's first law minister, with responsibility for much of the country's constitution. Roy recently wrote a new introduction to Ambedkar's undelivered 1936 speech, The Annihilation of Caste, in which they called Gandhi "the saint of the status quo".
Mukherjee said Gandhi and Ambedkar "represented different understandings of how to solve problems of caste oppression in India, but each was equally sincere".
The British government recently announced that a statue of Gandhi would be placed in Parliament Square.
Roy's comments come amid a series of rows over the study and representation of Indian history.
The appointment of a little-known academic to the head of a national research body has raised concerns that the new Hindu nationalist government in India may try to promote an ideological version of the country's past.
The Bharatiya Janata party (BJP), led by Narendra Modi, won a landslide victory in May, ending a decade of rule by the centre-left Congress party. When last in power, between 1998 and 2004, the BJP prompted controversy with its criticism of prominent historians and efforts to excise what ministers claimed was a Marxist or western vision from textbooks.
Prof Yellapragada Sudershan Rao took up their post as chair of the Indian Council of Historical Research last month. Rao was formerly head of history and tourism management at a little-known university.
Rao immediately caused controversy with comments criticising alleged Marxist influence on Indian historical studies and western-inspired methods of research. They also told interviewers that they believed the Hindu literary epics, the Ramayana and the Mahabharata, were historically accurate accounts of real events.
Salil Tripathi, a columnist in Mint, a local newspaper, wrote: "His appointment is troubling … because they appear to believe that history is shaped by both faith and reason. Faith matters, of course, but faith is part of a culture, it should not dictate history. Faith is about unquestioned belief; history is about facts and reality."
Romila Thapar, one of India's most respected historians, said they feared "the ICHR may now turn the clock back".
"Historical research in India is no longer limited to trying to prove that the narratives of the ancient texts were historically accurate. We are now perhaps more concerned with what they tell us about our past societies and cultures," Thapar wrote.
BJP officials have denied any intention to change the way history is taught in schools or elsewhere.
The decision in February by Penguin to stop distributing an academic work on the Hindu religion by US expert Wendy Doniger after a legal challenge from conservatives prompted particular concern among liberal writers and thinkers in India. The BJP government last week denied reports that it had destroyed thousands of files, including some related to Gandhi's assassination by a Hindu fanatic in 1948.
Not to be confused with Spastic quadriplegia
Tetraplegia Synonyms Quadriplegia Specialty Neurosurgery Types Complete, incomplete Causes Damage to spinal cord or brain by illness or injury Diagnostic method Based on symptoms, medical imaging
Tetraplegia, also known as quadriplegia, is paralysis caused by illness or injury that results in the partial or total loss of use of all four limbs and torso; paraplegia is similar but does not affect the arms. The loss is usually sensory and motor, which means that both sensation and control are lost. Tetraparesis or quadriparesis, on the other hand, means muscle weakness affecting all four limbs. It may be flaccid or spastic.
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Although the most obvious symptom is impairment of the limbs, functioning is also impaired in the torso. This can mean a loss or impairment in controlling bowel and bladder, sexual function, digestion, breathing and other autonomic functions. Furthermore, sensation is usually impaired in affected areas. This can manifest as numbness, reduced sensation or burning neuropathic pain.[citation needed]
Secondarily, because of their depressed functioning and immobility, people with tetraplegia are often more vulnerable to pressure sores, osteoporosis and fractures, frozen joints, spasticity, respiratory complications and infections, autonomic dysreflexia, deep vein thrombosis, and cardiovascular disease.
Severity depends on both the level at which the spinal cord is injured and the extent of the injury.
An individual with an injury at C1 (the highest cervical vertebra, at the base of the skull) will probably lose function from the neck down and be ventilator-dependent. An individual with a C7 injury may lose function from the chest down but still retain use of the arms and much of the hands.
The extent of the injury is also important. A complete severing of the spinal cord will result in complete loss of function from that vertebra down. A partial severing or even bruising of the spinal cord results in varying degrees of mixed function and paralysis. A common misconception with tetraplegia is that the victim cannot move legs, arms or any of the major function; this is often not the case. Some individuals with tetraplegia can walk and use their hands, as though they did not have a spinal cord injury, while others may use wheelchairs and they can still have function of their arms and mild finger movement; again, that varies on the spinal cord damage.[citation needed]
It is common to have movement in limbs, such as the ability to move the arms but not the hands or to be able to use the fingers but not to the same extent as before the injury. Furthermore, the deficit in the limbs may not be the same on both sides of the body; either left or right side may be more affected, depending on the location of the lesion on the spinal cord.
Causes [ edit ]
Tetraplegia is caused by damage to the brain or the spinal cord at a high-level C1–C7—in particular, spinal cord injuries secondary to an injury to the cervical spine. The injury, which is known as a lesion, causes victims to lose partial or total function of all four limbs, meaning the arms and the legs. Tetraplegia is defined in many ways; C1–C4 usually affects arm movement more so than a C5–C7 injury; however, all tetraplegics have or have had some kind of finger dysfunction. So, it is not uncommon to have a tetraplegic with fully functional arms but no nervous control of their fingers and thumbs.
Typical causes of this damage are trauma (such as a traffic collision, diving into shallow water, a fall, a sports injury), disease (such as transverse myelitis, multiple sclerosis, or polio), or congenital disorders (such as muscular dystrophy).
It is possible to suffer a broken neck without becoming tetraplegic if the vertebrae are fractured or dislocated but the spinal cord is not damaged. Conversely, it is possible to injure the spinal cord without breaking the spine, for example when a ruptured disc or bone spur on the vertebra protrudes into the spinal column.
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Classification [ edit ]
Spinal cord injuries are classified as complete and incomplete by the American Spinal Injury Association (ASIA) classification. The ASIA scale grades patients based on their functional impairment as a result of the injury, grading a patient from A to D. This has considerable consequences for surgical planning and therapy.
American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale A Complete No motor or sensory function is preserved in the sacral segments S4–S5. B Incomplete Sensory function preserved but not motor function is preserved below the neurological level and includes the sacral segments S4–S5. C Incomplete Motor function is preserved below the neurological level; more than half of key muscles below the neurological level have a muscle grade less than 3. D Incomplete Motor function is preserved below the neurological level; at least half of key muscles below the neurological level have a muscle grade of 3 or more.
Complete spinal-cord lesions [ edit ]
Pathophysiologically, the spinal cord of the tetraplegic patient can be divided into three segments which can be useful for classifying the injury.
First, there is an injured functional medullary segment. This segment has unparalysed, functional muscles; the action of these muscles is voluntary, not permanent and hand strength can be evaluated by the Medical Research Council (MRC) Scale. This scale is used when upper limb surgery is planned, as referred to in the 'International Classification for hand surgery in tetraplegic patients'.
A lesional segment (or an injured metamere) consists of denervated corresponding muscles. The lower motor neuron (LMN) of these muscles is damaged. These muscles are hypotonic, atrophic and have no spontaneous contraction. The existence of joint contractures should be monitored.
Below the level of the injured metamere, there is an injured sublesional segment with the intact lower motor neuron, which means that medullary reflexes are present, but the upper cortical control is lost. These muscles show some increase in tone when elongated and sometimes spasticity, the trophicity is good.
Incomplete spinal-cord lesions [ edit ]
Incomplete spinal cord injuries result in varied post injury presentations. There are three main syndromes described, depending on the exact site and extent of the lesion.
Central cord syndrome: most of the cord lesion is in the gray matter of the spinal cord, sometimes the lesion continues in the white matter. Brown-Séquard syndrome: hemisection of the spinal cord. Anterior cord syndrome: a lesion of the anterior horns and the anterolateral tracts, with a possible division of the anterior spinal artery.
For most patients with ASIA A (complete) tetraplegia, ASIA B (incomplete) tetraplegia and ASIA C (incomplete) tetraplegia, the International Classification level of the patient can be established without great difficulty. The surgical procedures according to the International Classification level can be performed. In contrast, for patients with ASIA D (incomplete) tetraplegia it is difficult to assign an International Classification other than International Classification level X (others). Therefore, it is more difficult to decide which surgical procedures should be performed. A far more personalized approach is needed for these patients. Decisions must be based more on experience than on texts or journals.
The results of tendon transfer for patients with complete injuries are predictable. On the other hand, it is well known that muscles lacking normal excitation perform unreliably after surgical tendon transfers. Despite the unpredictable aspect in incomplete lesions, tendon transfers may be useful. The surgeon should be confident that the muscle to be transferred has enough power and is under good voluntary control. Pre-operative assessment is more difficult to assess in incomplete lesions.
Patients with an incomplete lesion also often need therapy or surgery before the procedure to restore function to correct the consequences of the injury. These consequences are hypertonicity/spasticity, contractures, painful hyperesthesias and paralyzed proximal upper limb muscles with distal muscle sparing.
Spasticity is a frequent consequence of incomplete injuries. Spasticity often decreases function, but sometimes a patient can control the spasticity in a way that it is useful to their function. The location and the effect of the spasticity should be analyzed carefully before treatment is planned. An injection of Botulinum toxin (Botox) into spastic muscles is a treatment to reduce spasticity. This can be used to prevent muscle shorting and early contractures.
Over the last ten years, an increase in traumatic incomplete lesions is seen, due to the better protection in traffic.
Treatment [ edit ]
Upper limb paralysis refers to the loss of function of the elbow and hand. When upper limb function is absent as a result of a spinal cord injury it is a major barrier to regain autonomy. People with tetraplegia should be examined and informed concerning the options for reconstructive surgery of the tetraplegic arms and hands.
Prognosis [ edit ]
Delayed diagnosis of cervical spine injury has grave consequences for the victim. About one in 20 cervical fractures are missed and about two-thirds of these patients have further spinal-cord damage as a result. About 30% of cases of delayed diagnosis of cervical spine injury develop permanent neurological deficits. In high-level cervical injuries, total paralysis from the neck can result. High-level tetraplegics (C4 and higher) will likely need constant care and assistance in activities of daily living, such as getting dressed, eating and bowel and bladder care. Low-level tetraplegics (C5 to C7) can often live independently.[citation needed]
Even with "complete" injuries, in some rare cases, through intensive rehabilitation, slight movement can be regained through "rewiring" neural connections, as in the case of the late actor Christopher Reeve.
In the case of cerebral palsy, which is caused by damage to the motor cortex either before, during (10%), or after birth, some people with tetraplegia are gradually able to learn to stand or walk through physical therapy.[citation needed]
Quadriplegics can improve muscle strength by performing resistance training at least three times per week. Combining resistance training with proper nutrition intake can greatly reduce co-morbidities such as obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Epidemiology [ edit ]
There are an estimated 17,700 spinal cord injuries each year in the United States; the total number of people affected by spinal cord injuries is estimated to be approximately 290,000 people.
In the US, spinal cord injuries alone cost approximately US$40.5 billion each year, which is a 317 percent increase from costs estimated in 1998 ($9.7 billion).
The estimated lifetime costs for a 25-year-old in 2018 is $3.6 million when affected by low tetraplegia and $4.9 million when affected by high tetraplegia. In 2009, it was estimated that the lifetime care of a 25-year-old rendered with low tetraplegia was about $1.7 million, and $3.1 million with high tetraplegia.
There are about 1,000 people affected each year in the UK (~1 in 60,000—assuming a population of 60 million).
Terminology [ edit ]
The condition of paralysis affecting four limbs is alternately termed tetraplegia or quadriplegia. Quadriplegia combines the Latin root quadra, for "four", with the Greek root πληγία plegia, for "paralysis". Tetraplegia uses the Greek root τετρα tetra for "four". Quadriplegia is the common term in North America; tetraplegia is more commonly used in Europe.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Reviews of the Ann Arbor Michigan Pinball Show The reviews are in from the May Ann Arbor pinball showcase (the one weekend a year that the Museum is open to the public), and it was an over whelming success! We had plenty of email comments, like this one: “Last weekend was amazing. You have what I can only refer to as The Literal HEAVEN of Pinball. The collection is jaw dropping, but the greatest asset of your operation is the quality that those games are kept. I have never played pinball games that have felt brand new before. I finished three games last Saturday and it's not because I'm that good, it's because I've never played on games this crisp. Thank You for that opportunity.” Continue reading → Pinball Repair Classes at the Museum At the Ann Arbor Pinball Museum we sometimes run pinball repair classes, though currently we are on hold for any more classes. The classes were mostly designed for those that help at the museum, but sometimes there's room for others to attend. The class we've been running lately is “Introduction to Solid State Pinball Repair”, and is two hours long. We cap the class at 8 to 10 people max. It's a hands-on class too. We show how to use a DMM (digital multi meter), how to solder, how to test electronic components, pinball repair do's and don'ts, and most common pinball repairs. Bring a DMM. You need one if you don't have one. Flukes are great but heck even Radio Shack and Home Depot sells a decent digital multi-meter (DMM) for a reasonable price. Get auto ranging (easier to use for beginners.) Make sure it has a continuity buzz tone. Make sure it has a diode function. Otherwise all test DC and AC voltages and resistance. There are other bells but those are the big ones. Also remember you get what you pay for, so if you buy a $10 meter at Harbor Freight, don't expect a lot (actually don't buy a cheap meter, they really don't work well.) Usually you need to spend $40 to $60 to get a “decent” meter. Again Fluke is king, but they are expensive. I use Tenma myself available from MCMelectronics.com but I will have a couple DMMs for people to borrow. However you really need your own meter so you can “get used to it”, as every meter operates a little differently. Continue reading → Ann Arbor Pinball Museum location The A2 Pinball Museum is located in Green Oaks Township off US23 at Silver Lake road. (A generalized map is shown below.) This is about 8 miles directly north of Ann Arbor at 8891 Spicer rd, Brighton MI 48116. Populating the museum with pinball games We have progressed pretty well in getting our museum pinball machines from our other locations, and set up at the VFW museum. Below are some pictures of the games, by era. Right now we have games from the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, 1980s and newer machines set up and ready for a workout!
One side of the 1950s woodrail pinballs Continue reading → What is the Ann Arbor Pinball Show & Museum? The Ann Arbor Pinball Show and Pinball Museum is Clay Harrell's pinball project, as a way to play and showcase their collection of vintage pinball machines. Purchased an old VFW hall on 10 acres of property in Green Oaks Township (Hamburg VFW), which is about 8 miles north of Ann Arbor (on highway US23 at Silver Lake Road.) The VFW name was recycled to mean “Vintage Flipper World” to keep the building, which is rich in history, familiar to its roots. There are a handful of people that help out with the museum, from maintaining and restoring the machines, to doing building upkeep and maintenance. We have a formal agreement with the township to only be open up to four weekends a year. (As of now, we are just opening one weekend a year.) Yes we know it's a bit silly to be a museum that's only open a few days a year, but that's how it worked out with the township and the insurance company. This is not unlike PAPA (in Pittsburg) and Banning CA, and their pinball facilities (open a weekend a year.) So every May the Ann Arbor pinball museum is open to a set number of people (tickets must be gotten in advance, and are limited in numbers.) Note the Ann Arbor Pinball Museum is the third largest dedicated pinball venue in North America. Continue reading →
We can all go home now—a local bakery has created a pie with Chicago's favorite bitter liquor, Jeppson's Malört, in it. Hoosier Mama Pie Company is now offering a crusty take on the Tequila Sunrise (called the Chicago Sunrise, naturally) featuring an all-butter crust topped with a wreath of whipped cream. The pie combines fruit, cream and citrus flavors with a slightly bitter finish—think grapefruit, according to the bakery's kitchen manager, Ursula Siker. She's a recent LA to Chicago transplant who embraced Malört after their friend told them it tasted like grapefruit (there's your new trick for getting all of your friends to try it).
Siker's goal for the pie is to get people to reconsider their perception of Malört while celebrating the "bizarre and ultra-local phenomenon." We love the stuff (for good reasons—three of them to be exact), so we're on board. The pie will be available at Hoosier Mama's Ukrainian Village and Evanston locations sporadically, as a whole pie ($26 for a 9-inch, which feeds 6–8; $9 for a 6–inch, which feeds 1–2) and in slices ($5.50). Want to guarantee it'll be there for your dinner party? You can order it with two days notice by calling the shop. Just make sure that you chase every slice you eat with a shot of the booze that inspired it!
Want more? Sign up here to stay in the know.
Events
First Folio! The Book that Gave us Shakespeare
J. Wayne Stark Galleries, Memorial Student Center • March 8 – April 3, 2016
The First Folio will be opened to the most quoted line from Shakespeare and one of their most memorable, “to be or not to be” from Hamlet. Accompanying the rare book will be a multi-panel exhibition exploring the significance of Shakespeare, then and now, with additional digital content and interactive activities. Learn More
CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF EVENTS
Within the Book and Volume: Early Modern Literature at Texas A&M
Date: February 2016 – June 2016
Time:Monday – Friday: 8:00am – 6:00pm
Location: Cushing Memorial Library & Archives
Drawing upon the rich resources housed at Cushing Memorial Library & Archives, a full-scale exhibition will showcase Rare and Early Modern collections materials. Learn More
First Folio! The Book that Gave us Shakespeare
Date: March 8 – April 3, 2016
Time: Tuesday – Friday: 9:00am – 8:00pm
Saturday & Sunday: Noon – 6:00pm
Location: J. Wayne Stark Galleries, Memorial Student Center
Accompanying the rare book will be a multi-panel exhibition exploring the significance of Shakespeare, then and now, with additional digital content and interactive activities. Learn More
Austin Shakespeare Presents A Midsummer Night's Dream
Date: Monday – March 28, 2016
Time: 7:00pm
Location: The Grand Stafford Theatre
Shakespeare's classic romantic comedy in which four young lovers flee the adult world to the forest where they are enchanted by the King and Queen of the Fairies. Learn More
Closing Lecture Featuring Dr. James S. Shapiro
Date: Wednesday – March 30, 2016
Time: 5:30pm
Location: MSC Ballroom (Room 2300D), Memorial Student Center
Titled “Shakespeare, Equivocation, and 1606,” the closing lecture features Dr. James S. Shapiro is the Larry Miller Professor of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University, a well-known expert in the area of Shakespeare and the early modern period. Learn More
Hidden Room Theatre Presents Der Bestrafte Brudermord
Date: Friday – April 1, 2016
Time: 7:00pm
Location: The Amity Building
A humorous retelling of Shakespeare's Hamlet with puppets, the text of Der Bestrafte Brudermord (Fratricide Revenged) dates to an anonymous 1710 German manuscript. Learn More
Present Company Presents Shakespeare's Hamlet
Date: Saturday – April 2, 2016
Time: 8:00pm
Location: The Amity Building
Austin's award-winning Present Company will make their Brazos Valley debut with the premier of an innovative seven-person Hamlet, based on the First Folio text. Learn More
O (Dir. Tim Blake Nelson, US, 2001)
Date: Thursday – April 7, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: Room 601, Rudder Tower
Featuring Julia Stiles, this modern adaptation of Othello is set in an upper class prep school and is centered on drama surrounding star basketball player Odin. Learn More
Shakespeare Behind Bars (Dir. Hank Rogerson, US, 2005)
Date: Thursday – April 14, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: HECC 209
This documentary follows 20 male inmates in a Kentucky prison on their nine month process of bringing Shakespeare's The Tempest to performance. Learn More
Were the World Mine (Dir. Tom Gustafson, US, 2008)
Date: Wednesday – April 20, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: MSC 2300D, Memorial Student Center
Inspired by Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, the story follows a bullied and demoralized gay student at an all-boys school. Learn More
Chimes at Midnight (Dir. Orson Welles, US, 1966)
Date: Tuesday – May 3, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: MSC 2400, Memorial Student Center
The film's plot centers on Shakespeare's recurring character Falstaff and their father-son relationship with Prince Hal. Learn More
Hamlet (Dir. Svend Gade/Heinz Schall, Germany, 1921)
Date: Tuesday – February 2, 2016
Time:6:30pm
Location: Room 601, Rudder Tower
Danish silent movie-star Asta Nielsen headlines this adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet which sees Hamlet made into a female character. Learn More
Throne of Blood (Dir. Akira Kurosawa, Japan, 1957)
Date: Wednesday – February 17, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: Room 601, Rudder Tower
Transposed from Shakespeare's Macbeth, this film takes place in feudal Japan with stylistic elements drawn from Noh drama. Learn More
First Folio Teaches Teachers Workshops – First Opportunity
Date: Saturday – February 20, 2016
Time: 9:00am – 3:00pm (lunch and tour included)
Location: Room 453, Liberal Arts & Arts and Humanities (LAAH) Building
Through discussion and hands-on activities, teachers will explore what makes the First Folio worth teaching and studying, and gain a set of strategies for connecting students directly with this volume. Learn More
Korol Lir (Dir. Grigori Kozintsev, Russia, 1971)
Date: Thursday – March 3, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: MSC 2406, Memorial Student Center
This Soviet era film based on Shakespeare's King Lear follows the lives of King Lear and their courtier Gloucester, documenting the madness and tragedy which befall them. Learn More
World Shakespeare Bibliography Redesign Launch
Date: Friday – March 4, 2016
Time: 3:30pm – 4:30pm
Location: Room 453, Liberal Arts & Arts and Humanities (LAAH) Building
Sneak Peek of the exciting upgrades to the World Shakespeare Bibliography, light refreshments will be served. Learn More
Folger Shakespeare Library Teaching Shakespeare Institute
Date: Saturday – March 5, 2016
Time: 9:00am – 4:00pm (lunch included)
Location: Room 453, Liberal Arts & Arts and Humanities (LAAH) Building
Professional Learning Days are full-day workshops geared at middle and high school teachers—beginners, veterans, Shakespeare newcomers, and Shakespeare enthusiasts alike. Learn More
Opening Lecture – In Praise of Quartos: Shakespeare's Early Books
Date: Tuesday – March 8, 2016
Time: 5:30pm
Location: MSC Ballroom (Rooms 2300 A&B), Memorial Student Center
To celebrate the arrival of the First Folio exhibition on our campus, the opening lecture will feature Dr. Laura Estill, Assistant Professor of English at Texas A&M University and Editor of the World Shakespeare Bibliography. Learn More
Shakespeare on the Big Screen: A Digital Representation
Date: Thursday – March 10, 2016
Time: 11:00am
Location: Room 433, Liberal Arts and Arts & Humanities (LAAH) Building
A bibliographical presentation showcasing innovative digital tools available to further examine and study Early Modern texts. Learn More
TAMU Performance Studies Presents Wittenberg
Date: Thursday – March 10, 2016
Time: 5:30pm
Location: Black Box Theatre, Liberal Arts and Arts & Humanities (LAAH) Building
Set at Hamlet's alma mater, Wittenberg University, the play is a “tragical-comedical-historical” take on what it means to grow up and speak up. Learn More
First Folio Teaches Teachers Workshops – Second Opportunity
Date: Friday – March 11, 2016
Time: 9:00am – 3:00pm (lunch and tour included)
Location: Room 453, Liberal Arts & Arts and Humanities (LAAH) Building
Through discussion and hands-on activities, teachers will explore what makes the First Folio worth teaching and studying, and gain a set of strategies for connecting students directly with this volume. Learn More
Printing Shakespeare: A Hands-on Book History Learning Day
Date: Tuesday – March 15, 2016
Time: 1:00pm – 4:00 pm
Location: Cushing Memorial Library & Archives
Adapting curriculum from Cushing Library's renowned Book History Workshop, faculty from the Libraries will offer a hands-on introduction to the history of books and printing. Learn More
Haider (Dir. Vishal Bhardwaj, India, 2014)
Date: Monday – March 21, 2016
Time: 6:30pm
Location: MSC 2400, Memorial Student Center
Haider is an Indian crime drama serving as a modern-day adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet, set amidst the Kashmir insurgencies of 1995. Learn More
The EmilyAnn Theatre Shakesperience: Jr. High and High School
Date: Tuesday – March 22, 2016
Time: 9:00am – 11:00am
Location: MSC Gates Ballroom, Memorial Student Center
Intended for ages 13-18, this workshop will engage students and teachers in a playful, stress-free environment as they learn more about Shakespeare and their works. Learn More
The EmilyAnn Theatre Shakesperience: Elementary School
Date: Tuesday – March 22, 2016
Time: 1:00pm – 3:00pm
Location: MSC Gates Ballroom, Memorial Student Center
Intended for ages 5-12, this workshop will engage students and teachers in activities that allow children to explore Shakespeare with an open mind. Learn More
Lecture Featuring Dr. Douglas S. Bruster
Date: Tuesday – March 22, 2016
Time: 4:00pm
Location: Room 453, Liberal Arts and Arts & Humanities (LAAH) Building
This lecture will feature Dr. Douglas S. Bruster, Mody C. Boatright Regents Professor in American and English Literature and Distinguished Teaching Professor at The University of Texas at Austin. Learn More
The Russian computer programmer detained in Barcelona last week was the king of spam, according to a civil complaint released by the Department of Justice on Monday. The complaint is part of the DOJ's plan to “dismantle” the botnet network, and alleges that Pyotr Levashov has spent at least the last seven years as a Russian botnet kingpin.
The complaint makes no link to the Big Question that has dominated American politics—who and what, precisely, was involved with Russian hacking of the U.S. elections that aimed to help Donald Trump win them. But, oddly, the state-funded propaganda organ RT (formerly Russia Today) raised the issue in an interview with Levashov's wife, who called the arrest "a nightmare."
The Spanish police "broke down our door at night, and put us on the floor in front of our 4-year-old son,” Maria Levashova told reporters. “They talked of some virus that my husband created, that helped Trump win.” They were allegedly informed by local police that they were suspected of various cyber crimes, including hacking related to the U.S. election. But those allegations have not been confirmed by the U.S. government. The Kremlin is portraying all this as nothing more or less than a witch hunt for Russians.
If so, by any standards Levashov is something of a warlock. They operated a software known as Kelihos under their alias Peter Severa, the complaint alleges. It infected computers and turned them into bots run by Severa, who could then use them to drum up spam emails for various fraud schemes. Emails drummed up by Levashov could be sold to anyone looking for lists to target with false advertisements, job offers, and other traps.
“Kelihos is also used to generate phishing emails, harvest user credentials, and to download additional malware onto victim computers, including ransomware and banking Trojans,” according to the complaint.
Levashov was previously charged in a D.C. federal court in 2009 for operating another botnet, according to documents released by the Justice Department on Monday. But that complaint was dismissed in 2014 because the U.S. couldn't catch Levashov.
This time, Levashov's case is playing out in Alaska, because their software has affected thousands of people there, according to an FBI affidavit. At any given time, as many as 100,000 computers can be affected by the botnet.
Levashov has operated Kelihos since 2010, according to the complaint, and used it to “harvest user credentials from victim computers.” The program searched infected computers for files containing usernames and passwords, which Levashov then sells.
Levashov paid affiliates higher rates for U.S. victims, FBI special agent Elliott Peterson wrote in an application for a search warrant. “I believe U.S. infections are prized by Levashov because many of their schemes are directed against an English speaking audience, and U.S. IP addresses tend to be trusted by many firewalls and spam detection systems.”
A million spam messages with “adult” advertisements go for just $200, according to the complaint, while spam attempting to recruit job-seekers goes for $300 per million.
“I have been serving you since the distant year 1999, and during these years there has not been a single day that I keep still, by constantly improving quality of spamming,” Levashov allegedly posted in an advertisement bragging about their abilities. “Now at your service there is the only one in the world unique technology of spamming via electronic mail, which provides maximum possible probability of delivering your message to the final recipient.”
According to The New York Times, those emails weren't just used as an annoyance. The Kelihos botnet was allegedly used to interfere in the 2012 Russian election, where emails linked to the program sent out fake news stories about Mikhail Prokhorov, a Kremlin-tolerated Putin opponent in the election, coming out as gay.
The civil complaint asks for an injunction and restraining order to stop Levashov and associates from their online proclivities. A request for comment to the Department of Justice about possible criminal charges was not immediately returned.
“The operation announced today targeted an ongoing international scheme that was distributing hundreds of millions of fraudulent emails per year, intercepting the credentials to online and financial accounts belonging to thousands of Americans, and spreading ransomware throughout our networks,” said acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Blanco. “The ability of botnets like Kelihos to be weaponized quickly for vast and varied types of harms is a dangerous and deep threat to all Americans, driving at the core of how we communicate, network, earn a living, and live our everyday lives.”
—Anna Nemtsova also contributed to this article
For The Record, Jill Stein Would Have Made A Great President
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 21, 2017
My dear friend Zach Haller has retweeted a series of screen grabs from Jill Stein's recent verbal curb stomping of deep state surrogate Neera Tanden with the caption “My vote for @DrJillStein did, in fact, age well.” And right they are. Tanden has since bent the knee and deleted their hilarious assertion that Stein was somehow responsible for President Trump's decision to gradually espouse Hillary Clinton's omnicidal policies in Syria, which is understandable because it did not go well for them at all. Here it is, in all its gory glory:
I am quite confident that nobody hates Neera Tanden more than I do, but even I had to watch that brutal ground-and-pound beatdown through the gaps in my fingers. I guarantee you that no public debate between Stein and Tanden will ever happen, and that Stein will find themselves on Tanden's blocked list if they keep bringing it up. Tanden's Twitter page has already been purged of every openly visible tweet from the humiliating exchange, and is now packed full of retweets urging Democrats not to lose hope over Jon Ossoff's historically expensive loss in the extremely winnable Georgia special election.
While establishment Democrats keep finding themselves in the ‘L' column in elections and Twitter wars due to their consistent disregard for facts and their seething hatred of the actual left, their obsession with the former Green Party candidate continues unabated. As we've recently discussed, this is a deliberate attempt to stomp out any third party traction that might force American politics even an inch to the left and to maintain the dominance of the two-headed one party system in a country where democracy cannot be said to exist to any meaningful extent. But as long as they're going to keep bringing them up, let's talk about Jill Stein. Let's talk about why they would have made an infinitely better President of the United States than either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, and why one percent of American voters were right to invest their votes in them
This is not something that we are permitted to do, by the way. Establishment loyalists have been pumped so full of corporate media propaganda against Stein that any positive word about them is met with vitriol and condemnation, and anyone who still has Clintonist friends left to lose will likely lose them for good if they keep proudly displaying their Stein vote and saying they have no regrets about it. It is the ultimate Blue Church heresy, and this is why we must all become heretics today. Stein voters must not allow these vagina hat-wearing neocons to bully them into submitting to their ecocidal, omnicidal death cult.
In an alternate universe where democracy exists in America and a brilliant third party candidate isn't sabotaged by establishment propaganda when she's not being ignored, Jill Stein would have made an excellent president. Them Green New Deal alone would have provided the massive, sweeping changes that need to be made in US environmental policy to lead humanity away from the extinction-level ecosystemic collapse that it is hurtling toward, and given America a thriving, real economy that isn't propped up with the barrel of a gun. It was like the renewed industrial vision for America that Trump campaigned on, only real and achievable. Instead of an economy based on debt, US military might, petrodollars, predatory trade agreements and the completely arbitrary whims of a few powerful banking elites, America could build an economy on the foundation of making real things and collaborating toward useful ends like energy independence and the survival of the species.
This is fundamentally doable, and, if our species is to survive, something very much like it will need to happen quite soon. Establishment loyalists panned Stein's vision for America as crazy and unrealistic, but with the environmental situation being as dire as it is and the US now being this close to a world war with a nuclear superpower due to the current status quo, the exact opposite is true: doing anything but this is crazy and unrealistic.
In reality all of Stein's ideas have been implemented successfully in one form or another elsewhere in the world, and previously in America itself in many ways. This kind-hearted doctor faced and continues to face the most unimaginably savage vitriol from the Democratic neocons in order to advance a vision of peace, economic justice, realistic environmental policy, electoral integrity, and social justice, as well as to break their country out of an abusive, exploitative system wherein Americans are consistently forced to choose between two corporatist warmongers with functionally identical policies.
There is simply no way to spin any of those policies as somehow worse than what Trump and Clinton were offering using facts and logic. Besides the completely irrational fantasy-based argument that woke lefties would have voted for bloodthirsty neocon Clinton if the Green Party had for some reason shirked its responsibility to run a presidential candidate, the only other arguments leveled against Stein have been either imaginary or absurd. The argument that they haven't accounted for the recount money is patently false as demonstrated in the tweets above. The frequently-cited fact that they were once photographed in close proximity to Vladimir Putin says literally nothing about anything; Stein was paid nothing for their appearance at that function, the accusations leveled against them for their appearance were thoroughly debunked by Glenn Greenwald all the way back in August, and there is no evidence whatsoever casting doubt on their assertion that they never even spoke to Putin (not that speaking to Putin, especially in 2015 long before any Russian hacking allegations surfaced, would have been innately nefarious anyway).
What else is there? The fact that she, a medical doctor, doesn't think using brute force is the best way to get concerned parents to vaccinate their kids? The fact that she, a medical doctor, would like to see some more testing on GMOs and WiFi? On what planet are any of those things worse than invading Syria and risking a world war with a nuclear superpower? In what way are they worse than drone bombing children and killing civilians with white phosphorus? In what way are they worse than creating a failed state in Libya and laughing about the mutilation of its leader? In what way do any of those things come even remotely close to the evils that have already been perpetrated by Trump and Clinton? What mental gymnastics are these lunatics pulling off to make Stein's positions even seem detestable, let alone worse than Clinton's plans to invade Syria with 70,000 ground troops and install a no-fly zone in an area where Russian military planes are conducting operations?
Hillary Clinton would have made a horrifying president; as bad as Trump is I sincerely believe that our species dodged an even deadlier bullet by keeping Clinton out of office. There is no valid reason for any thinking person to believe that Jill Stein caused this to happen, but if they had I would have personally been eternally grateful to them
Jill Stein would have made a great president, and I will continue to watch them every move with tireless fascination. Even if they never runs for president again, I will be immensely comforted knowing that she's still out there kicking ass, taking names, and fighting for the greater good.
— — —
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please consider helping me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up.
In this Tuesday Feb. 27, 2012 photo, Kathy Deady holds up a tube of Naloxone Hydrochloride, also known as Narcan, in their Quincy, Mass., home. Narcan is a nasal spray used as an antidote for opiate drug overdoses. Deady twice had to use the drug on their son, who was suffering from an overdose of heroin. The drug counteracts the effects of heroin, OxyContin and other powerful painkillers and has been routinely used by ambulance crews and emergency rooms in the U.S. and other countries for decades. But in the past few years, public health officials across the nation have been distributing it free to addicts and their loved ones, as well as to some police and firefighters. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
The national drug overdose epidemic has been steadily on the rise for nearly 20 years. From 1999 to 2010, deaths surged a colossal 102 percent. And while overdoses kill more people each year than either cars or guns, the debate over what can be done to address the disturbing trend often gets overshadowed by noisier killers.
On Saturday, the 13th annual International Overdose Awareness Day, drug policy reform advocates and those affected by overdoses will gather around the world, putting solutions front and center.
One such solution is naloxone, a prescription-only opiate reversal drug that has already been used to save thousands of lives. Supporters say it could easily save thousands more if it was more widely distributed. Opiate-based prescription drugs and heroin account for the vast majority of overdose deaths, making the debate around naloxone particularly critical.
On its own, naloxone isn't controversial. It was approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration in 1971. It's non-addictive, non-toxic, fairly cheap and easy to administer through nasal or intravenous application. Studies have been found that naloxone is capable of reducing overdose deaths by as much as 50 percent when paired with proper training and distribution.
The New York Times explained how naloxone works to counter an overdose in a recent story about a New York state effort to more widely distribute the generic drug:
Opioids function in the body by attaching to specific proteins, called opioid receptors. When opioids attach, the body relaxes and breathing slows. But too much of an opioid can cause respiration to slow to a lethal level. Naloxone acts by competing with opioids for the receptor sites, essentially pushing the opioids out of the way and reversing the effects of the drugs.
Despite the effectiveness of naloxone, many states have yet to adopt measures that would remove obstacles to distributing the drug to addicts, family members and first responders. The Fix, a website that covers addiction and recovery, explained opposition to naloxone as a "moral discomfort among drug warriors who apparently feel that the wages of drug use should be death." Many of the drug's critics claim that increasing access to naloxone will only encourage increasingly dangerous drug use, though studies have not been able to confirm this hypothesis. Proponents are quick to point out that any risks associated with naloxone would be minimal compared with the alternative -- death.
Nobody, least of all the Syrian rebels, expected the latest attempt at an internationally-brokered ceasefire in Syria to hold, but a week in world leaders are touting the “real progress” that has been achieved and the UN is looking toward resuming peace talks.
The rebels, the first to complain about the ceasefire's brokering, are also loudly condemning the ceasefire for holding, claiming that the success of the ceasefire is giving the Assad government a chance to mobilize forces against them.
They're also criticizing the push for peace talks, with Riad Hijab insisting that the conditions are “not favorable” for peace talks right now. The rebels had similarly spurned the last UN effort to start peace talks, showing up in Geneva only to tell the UN they weren't “officially” going to attend.
Before that last round of peace talks, the rebels made a ceasefire a precondition for attending, but now with the ceasefire firmly in place, it's unclear how they'll end up justifying spurning the talks.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A Bethlehem woman who repeatedly stabbed two women and a teenage girl during a South Side brawl will spend up to 40 years in state prison.
Genesis J. Matos-Ramirez, 21, pleaded guilty in Northampton County Court to three counts of attempted murder, under a plea bargain in which they won't be eligible for parole until they have served at least 171/2 years.
Matos-Ramirez attacked their victims May 9 during an argument outside a home on East Mechanic Street. Each of the three suffered a litany of injuries that placed them on life support and left scars on their backs, shoulders and arms.
At a hearing in July, one of them, Maria Garcia, testified they were stabbed 13 times.
"I will kill you," Matos-Ramirez threatened, according to Garcia.
Also arrested in the attack was Matos-Ramirez's cousin, 18-year-old Rubelee Rivera of Bethlehem, who pleaded guilty Friday to charges of simple assault.
Senior Judge Leonard Zito sentenced Rivera to a time-served term of six months to a year in Northampton County Prison, plus two years of probation, and ordered them to complete their high school education.
Garcia has said the brawl was sparked when they and Matos-Ramirez "had words" outside a friend's home. Rivera suddenly appeared and punched them in the face and then Matos-Ramirez began attacking her, Garcia said.
On Friday, Deputy District Attorney Kelly Lewis Fallenstein said Rivera was the less culpable of the two defendants.
"Ms. Rivera was involved in it, but fortunately for her, did not use a deadly weapon," Fallenstein said.
Rivera's attorney, James Brose, said their client had agreed to cooperate with prosecutors if Matos-Ramirez went to trial. They said Rivera never knew what their co-defendant intended.
"When this other woman got involved, they started stabbing people," Brose said.
Rivera told Zito that they have a baby who was born just a few months before their incarceration.
"I would love to be home with them right now and start a new life," Rivera said.
By the time the fight was over, 24-year-old Garcia, 15-year-old Angelee Segarra-Nieves and 18-year-old Iris Diaz had all been seriously injured, police said. They were rushed to St. Luke's University Hospital in Fountain Hill where they underwent emergency surgery and received "life-saving medical procedures," police said.
Matos-Ramirez told investigators several different stories while they were in custody, including that they had been defending herself, that the stabbings were an accident and that they didn't know who stabbed the victims, police said.
Matos-Ramirez pleaded guilty Wednesday before Judge Jennifer Sletvold.
riley.yates@mcall.com
Twitter @riley_yates
610-253-5751
Digambar Thak has driven 18 collectors of the district as the official government driver.
At first glance, it looks like a car that's all decked up for a wedding. Then, there's the orange beacon. It gets even more curious when you see a man in crisp white chauffeur's uniform climb into the back of the car, the door held for him.Before you start thinking about VIPs misusing their official vehicles, this story is anything but that.It's Digambar Thak's last day at work and their boss G Sreekanth, the collector of Akola in Maharashtra, has decided to give them a rather unusual and memorable parting gift. He's driving their chauffeur to work on the last day of their job, ahead of a farewell ceremony in the office.Digambar Thak, 58, has driven 18 collectors of the district. "For close to 35 years, he's helped the state with their service, ensuring that collectors get to their workplace safely, day after day. I wanted to make this a day to remember for them and also to say thank you for what he's done," said Mr Sreekanth
Dead Rising 4 released last week and passed under everyone's radar. One of the reasons this happened is… well… quite simple. Microsoft and Capcom decided to release it as a time-exclusive title on Windows Store. As such, PC gamers can only purchase it via Microsoft's store, and we all know that a lot of gamers boycott it. Thankfully, Dead Rising 4 will be coming to Steam in around three months. Moreover, Capcom has provided us with a review code, so it's time now to see how this game performs on the PC platform.
For this PC Performance Analysis, we used an Intel i7 4930K (turbo boosted at 4.2Ghz) with 8GB RAM, NVIDIA's GTX980Ti, Windows 10 64-bit and the latest WHQL version of the GeForce drivers.
Dead Rising 4 is powered by a new version of the Forge Engine; the same engine that powered Dead Rising 3. Furthermore, the game does not support at all DX12. Therefore, we can safely say that the Windows 10 and the upcoming Steam version will perform similarly (as both of them are running in DX11).
As with its predecessor, Dead Rising 4 does not require a high-end CPU. In order to find out how the game performs on a variety of CPUs, we simulated a dual-core and a quad-core CPU. Our simulated dual-core system was able to push 30fps on Very High settings at 1080p, however we noticed major frame pacing issues. When we enabled Hyper Threading, our minimum framerate jumped to 46fps and all frame pacing issues were eliminated.
On the other hand, our simulated quad-core and our hexa-core systems ran the game with a minimum of 63fps and an average of 78-82fps. The game scales well on more than four threads, however we did not notice any performance differences between these two systems. This basically means that most modern-day quad-core systems will be able to offer an enjoyable experience.
Regarding its GPU requirements, our GTX980Ti was able to offer a constant 60fps experience on Very High at 1080p. As showcased by MSI Afterburner's graph, our GPU was used to its fullest, and the lowest framerate we witnessed (while driving and killing lots of zombies) was 63fps. Capcom has not included any built-in benchmark tool, therefore we tested the first three missions (Tutorial, Case 1 and Case 2).
Dead Rising 4 offers A LOT of enemies on screen, something that will undoubtedly stress most graphics cards. Not only that, but there is a nice dismemberment system, as well as some very cool modern-day graphical effects. Screen space reflections look great, ambient occlusion has been used cleverly, a lot of light sources cast shadows on most, if not all, models (see the image below that showcases two light sources casting shadows on Frank), a lot of high quality textures have been used, a respectable number of objects can be destroyed, and there are some really cool global illumination effects.
Dead Rising 4 is a great looking game. Most characters are highly detailed, the environments look great, and everything is looking up to what most gamers would expect from a new triple-A title. However, we strongly believe that the game would greatly benefit from a sharpening filter. The game supports TAA for its anti-aliasing solution and while this AA technique does a wonderful job at eliminating jaggies, it noticeably blurs the whole image (though it's not as bad as TXAA). And given the game's UWP nature, we can't use SweetFX or Reshade to sharpen the visuals. Obviously this won't be an issue once the Steam version releases, but still… a sharpening filter should be essential in pretty much all titles.
Capcom has provided a nice amount of graphics settings to tweak. PC gamers can adjust the quality of LoD, Anti-aliasing, Zombies, Shadows, Mirrors and Volumetric Lighting. In addition, PC gamers can enable/disable Subsurface Scattering, Ambient Occlusion, Depth of Field, Bloom, Screen Space Reflections, Translucency Lighting and Dynamic Load Scaling.
On Low settings, our GTX980Ti ran Dead Rising 4 with a minimum framerate of 100fps. And like a lot of games lately, Dead Rising 4 looks quite good even on Low settings (with High Textures). PC gamers with weaker graphics cards than NVIDIA's GTX980Ti will be able to run this game with constant 60fps, provided they lower some settings.
All in all, Dead Rising 4 performs really well on the PC platform. The game does not require a high-end CPU, looks great on max settings, and there is a respectable 30-35fps difference between the Low and the Very High presets. Moreover, we did not notice any mouse smoothing or acceleration issues, there are proper on-screen keyboard indicators, and there are plenty of graphics settings to tweak. Dead Rising 4 also appears to be using Denuvo and while it's a UWP title, it runs really smooth on the PC.
Enjoy!
Share
Since the last time we've discussed the TriVan – way back in January 2007 – we've been in touch with Bill Fidler of Reading, Pennsylvania, who may be the world's biggest fan of the diminutive three-wheeler from Frackville, Pennsylvania. Bill now has three of them in their possession, including the one that initiated our interest in them, the one that was on display at the Museum of Bus Transportation in Hershey, and they have also started the Trivan Registry in an attempt to form a community dedicated to preserving the TriVan.
Of interest is the collection of circa 1975 photos they shared with us depicting quite a few rare TriVans in the collection of Jim Bazley, the president of the Roustabout Company, which built the TriVan.
So how exactly did the TriVan come about? According to the entry for it on 3wheelers.com, we see that it was designed by Harry Payne, known among Jeep historians as one of the men credited for designing Bantam's Jeep prototype. When exactly they designed the TriVan is a matter of conjecture. Most references give 1963 as the TriVan's manufacture date (Pennsylvania Governor William Scranton made headlines on March 14, 1963, when they drove the first TriVan off the assembly line), but the Roustabout Company was actually incorporated in 1961, and there's evidence that TriVan construction began much earlier.
The key lies with the Lofstrand Company of Rockville, Maryland, which in August 1960 announced that it would soon begin production of the France Jet, a design licensed from Egon Brütsch and shown at the New York Auto Show earlier that year. While digging into the history of the France Jet, Hugo90, one of our most prolific Hemmings Nation Flickr pool members, discovered that the Lofstrand's press release also mentioned that Lofstrand was already building a three-wheeled compact truck for the Roustabout Truck Manufacturing Company. They note that this helps to explain the shared drivetrains between the TriVan and the France Jet (a 32hp air-cooled Kohler two-cylinder engine), but remains at a loss to explain the apparent anachronism. However, the entry on 3wheelers.com does mention that the TriVan benefited from seven years of testing, so perhaps the Lofstrand press release simply inadvertently mentioned a TriVan prototype.
Either way, Roustabout managed to secure $342,000 in government loans (part of $994,000 in total financing) to build its assembly plant in an area hit hard by unemployment, promising to put as many as 150 men (mostly laid-off coal miners) back to work. They managed to get the Pennsylvania State legislature to legalize three-wheeled vehicles for the roads of the state, and in January 1963, they set about building TriVans. As noted earlier, they were built to meet a government contract for postal vehicles that never materialized, so many of the TriVans found their way into the garages of East Coast Trailways affiliates, jump starting buses and carrying maintenance supplies.
Roustabout perhaps banked too heavily on that postal contract. Production of the TriVan ceased in June 1963, after 112 137 of them made it out the factory doors, and the company filed for bankruptcy in November 1963.
UPDATE: Bill notes that production totaled 137 rather than 112, so we're going with that number.
The League One side enquired about compensation involved in appointing Archibald.
Approach: Archibald is on Shrewsbury's shortlist. SNS Group
Shrewsbury Town have made an approach to Partick Thistle over the possibility of Alan Archibald becoming their new manager, STV understands.
The Shrews asked Thistle what compensation would be needed to acquire the services of highly-rated Archibald, who is the top flight's longest serving manager.
The League One side have been on the hunt for a new boss since the departure of Micky Mellon two weeks ago and Archibald is on their shortlist of candidates for the position.
It is understood that Archibald has not held any direct talks with the club and is currently preparing Thistle for their weekend Premiership match against Ross County.
The 38-year-old has been in charge at Firhill since 2013, securing promotion in their first season. Since then they have successfully kept Thistle in the top flight and they are currently in 11th place in the table after playing eight games.
Getty
WHILE the world - and especially their army of devoted fans - seemingly can't get enough of her, Taylor Swift has other ideas.
"I think I should take some time off. I think people might need a break from me," they told NME of their plans for when their 1989 tour wraps. "I'm going to... I don't know. Hang out with my friends. Write new music. Maybe not write new music. I don't know."
Advertisement
Style File - Taylor Swift type-gallery Style File - Taylor Swift + 112
+ 111
+ 110
It would arguably be a healthy move for the 25-year-old who has had the busiest year of their career with the extravaganza that is their world tour. As they explained, they know the importance of taking intermittent steps back from the spotlight.
Read next Taylor Swift Swerved The Grammys In Favour Of The BAFTAs & Vogue Party Taylor Swift Swerved The Grammys In Favour Of The BAFTAs & Vogue Party
Taylor Takes Over Taylor Takes Over
Getty
Advertisement
"I'm in the news every single day for multiple different reasons. And it can feel, at times, if you let your anxiety get the better of you, like everybody's waiting for you to really mess up - and then you'll be down. A lot of the time, I need to call my mom and talk for a really long time, just to remind myself of all the things that matter. If you do something that defines your character to be not what the public thought you were, that's the biggest risk."
Taylor's Tour Squad type-gallery Taylor's Tour Squad + 34
+ 33
+ 32
As ever, shrewd moves from the superstar who, if they were to take a break, would no doubt come back louder and prouder than before.
One of President Barack Obama's favorite statistics about the economy just quietly disappeared.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics on Friday issued its latest monthly jobs report, which included revisions to earlier reports. As a result, the U.S. private sector is now credited with a net loss of 1,000 jobs in May 2016 — officially the first month since February 2010 that the private sector didn't gain jobs.
Obama had repeatedly touted the streak, which ended at 74 months.
"We're in the middle of the longest streak of private-sector job creation in history,” they said in January's State of the Union address. The White House also frequently mentioned the streak in press briefings and pushed the number on Twitter and Facebook, finding it to be a useful statistic to highlight on social media.
The current streak is over because of a statistical fluke: Nearly 40,000 striking Verizon workers were temporarily counted as lost jobs in May. (And the downturn for the economy was brief; the June and July jobs reports showed more than 500,000 new private sector jobs combined.)
But it's not the first time a fleeting anomaly got in the way of statistical history. President Bill Clinton would've presided over an 85-month streak, if not for a massive blizzard in January 1996 that forced a government shutdown. Because of that one-month downturn, Clinton settled for a then-record 51-month streak.
Meanwhile, another streak continues: Total non-farm job growth, which includes government jobs, is now at 70 months and counting. The White House already has adjusted its rhetoric.
“Longest streak of total job growth on record,” the president tweeted on Friday. “Let's keep it going.”
(WBIR) The Knoxville branch of the NAACP is asking for a federal investigation into whether Knox County School's (KCS) are discriminating against areas with a high African American population.
According to a press release from the local NAACP, they sent the request to the U. S. Department of Education, Office of Civil Rights (OCR) on November 13, 2015, asking them to "investigate concerns relating to the discriminate use of Capital Funds for new school construction by Knox County Schools that may have an unjustified, adverse disparate impact on students based on race and/or national origin."
The group said that over the last five years, $70-$100 million dollars has been spent on new construction on Knox County Schools. They claim the new schools were built in communities with a 95 percent white population. They specifically mention Gibbs Middle School, which was approved last June along with a new Hardin Valley middle school.
"While Knoxville Branch NAACP does not oppose construction of community schools, studies paid for by the Knox County schools system and the Knox County government have revealed that capacity is not the reason for new construction for a new Gibbs Middle School," they wrote in the release.
Sign up for Take 10, the WBIR lunchtime newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. Get the news you need to know, plus weather and something to make you smile, every weekday in your inbox! Thank you for signing up for the Take 10 Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The group stated there has been minimal or no new construction in schools with an African-American population greater than 5 percent.
The Knoxville Branch NAACP wrote that it fears "this practice could 're-segregate' Knox County schools through the use of new capital construction."
On December 18, 2015, Local NAACP leaders said they were told that the OCR will investigate their claims.
Supporters of the Gibbs middle school argue that it is needed to keep students going to school in their community without bussing long distances.
"No matter what other issues are going on, we believe that this was the right thing for this community, and not just the Gibbs or Hardin Valley community, but for Knox County as a whole," said James Waddell, a supporter of Gibbs Middle School.
Opponents of the school suggest it is not truly needed in the community for the number of students, and it could re-segregate schools in Knox County.
"We live in a very diverse world, and Knox County's a great place," said Sam McKenzie, Knox County commissioner, 1st district. "And I'm just hoping that our children can experience all different cultures and a cross-section of people."
In response, Melissa Tindell, Director of Public Affairs for KCS, released this statement, "The Office of Civil Rights has notified us of a complaint they received with respect to the proposed construction of a new Gibbs Middle School. We take the issue of equity and fairness very seriously, and will work with the Office of Civil Rights as they examine this complaint."
In the past five years, Knox County has completed new construction Carter Elementary School in east Knox County and Northshore Elementary in west Knox County. The L&N Stem Academy also opened in a renovated historic building in downtown Knoxville, though students from all over the county can apply to attend.
The story I am going to share with you took place 4 years ago, when I was 18 years old and it's definitely one of the scariest experiences this far.
I had been living with a friend to my family in the suburbs, 20 minutes outside Stockholm, sweden for 3 years and was planning to move back home to the serenity of my home-town up north.
My best friend, Cassie, came to visit one weekend and we started fantasizing about living together. To make a long story short, we found a wonderful apartment for rent, but only for 2 months. Perfect. That would be a good amount of time to party and come up with all kinds of mischief before retiring from the big city. During this brief time of living together, it was confirmed that we made a dangerous duo. We were equally mischievous and got up to all kinds of risky adventures.
But it was one particular night where dangerous fun stopped being amusing and just got very, very dangerous.
it was a Friday, and me and Cassie decided to have a drink or two at one of the local bars. We found a table with a full view of the entire establishment, and its patrons. As usual, we were observing and commenting on the drunken people like two commentators watching a game of football being played on an ice rink. In other words, we were having a blast.
One beer in, two men entered and took a table across from ours, in the farthest corner, so it was hard not to look at them. One was of African descent and I immediately took note of their good looks and fabulously posh style. The other was white and looked like the stereotype hooligan, the only real similarity they had with each other was their shaved heads.
Being 18 years old, tipsy and loving a good mystery, I couldn't help but notice they were acting sort of shady. They sat with their heads together, whispering, and after a while the hooligan went to the WC.
"They are definitely up to something." I stated to Cassie, who immediately was on board to solve the mystery at hand. Our intrigue increased as the hooligan came back to resume their whispering conversation. They gave something to their friend, who rose and also went to the WC.
"Drugs!" Cassie nodded with a victorious smile. I agreed and we mused about it for a while, not paying the two men too much heed for a moment.
Suddenly the black man came up to our table with a friendly smile, asking if they could join us. Both me and Cassie took note that their friend had left. We invited them to sit and we made polite introductions.
"Very nice to meet you, Hanna." They smiled and I inwardly swooned a little bit. "I'm Ali." We continued to make polite banter, none of us drunk enough to be overly familiar. Then the hooligan, Ali's friend, appeared from nowhere and sat down next to him.
What they did next completely baffled us. They pretended not to know each other. Really, they shook hands and introduced themselves. We had literally been sitting 12 feet away from them and now they were acting strangers.
With the skills of silent communication, me and Cassie decided to act oblivious. We were going to figure out these guys. Stupid.
We ordered another round of beers and the guys bought a round of shots. The hooligan disappeared somewhere during the time it takes to finish a beer, and we lingered with Ali, having a generally good time. They were friendly and funny and somewhere along those lines, we forgot our initial mission.
"You smoke?" We asked as we slowly prepared to leave. "Yes, of course." They said with a hopeful grin. We told them that we were going home to get stoned, and that they were welcome to join. They politely accepted and we all left to go outside. As I stood up, I felt myself swaying, actually feeling drunk. A bit weird, since I'd only had 2 beers and 1 shot.
Well, thank you, Goddess of buzz, I thought. Again, stupid.
We called our cab and while we waited I felt the need to sit down. I found a bench, and it only vaguely helped the world to stop spinning.
"How are you doing?" It was Ali. They sat down next to me and wrapped an arm around my shoulders. I looked up at them and was surprised to find their entire expression had gone from polite and friendly to pure and crude lust. I didn't have time to react before they kissed me. When they did, this extremely odd sensation came over me, of feeling physically and mentally unable to obey my wish to pull away.
The cab arrived and all three of us got in, even though I by now didn't at all want the guy to come with. Usually, I have no problems being blunt or speaking my mind, that's why that sensation of having no will was so unpleasant. I'd never experienced anything like it.
It was a short journey home, but it felt like ages. Mostly because Ali was sat in the middle with their arms around us. "Am I not the lucky one tonight?" they asked the cabdriver and grinned, and my and Cassie's eyes met. Hers mirrored how I felt. Panic and confusion.
When we arrived, I was properly out of it, barely able to walk and it freaked the shit out of me. I never get that drunk, and I hadn't planned to this night either.
I immediately went for the kitchen, feeling sick, while Cassie and Ali went to the living room to sit down.
I have the biggest fear of throwing up, so my heart was beating like crazy and I was scared, very scared. I didn't throw up in the end, and I wonder that if I had, maybe it would have ended differently.
After 20 minutes or so of drinking water, the nausea passed but I was still feeling very strange. I didn't want to leave Cassie alone with Ali for too long, and when I made it to the living room, I noticed my balance was way off, and it was by sheer luck I didn't hit any doors or walls on the way to the sofa.
Cassie was just finishing a blunt and excused themselves to go to the bathroom. I, by this time, was unable to even speak.
Ali sat down next to me, too close.
"You're too beautiful, you know that?" They whispered, and I felt sick at their hot breath. I tried to move away, but I wasn't able to. I couldn't move a muscle. I felt the familiar feeling of panic creeping in when I realized I actually sat paralyzed. Their hand began up my leg and their lips were now at my neck.
"You'd have no chance.." They kept whispering, even though Cassie was nowhere to be seen. Where the fuck was she? I began to realize that they probably are sick in the bathroom. Fuck. Ali then grabbed my hand.
"I could probably kill both of you if I wanted to.." They mused out loud while they steered my hand to their pants. Their other hand undid them and before I knew it, they were using my hand to pleasure himself. I vividly remember the feeling of trying to command my muscles to move, with no result. it was terrifying.
"You wouldn't be able to do anything at all, would you, Hanna?" They grinned at me and all I could do was to stare back at him, trying to will the bastard to burst into flames. I felt sick to my stomach, rage and fear mingling in my mind while I sat completely powerless with my hand on this guy's dick while they whispered threats against the skin of my neck.
Their other hand began to grope at my body.
"Two girls alone.. I don't have to kill you tonight, I can just come back, you know? You wouldn't have a chance.. not if I bring my knife."
Every fiber of my being wanted to punch the guy out and run away at the same time, but I couldn't. Then I heard the wonderful sound of the bathroom door unlocking, and Ali pulled out my hand and covered themselves up. If the fucker hadn't, I know for certain Cassie would have showed them -her- knife.
While I could do anything but to just sit there, Cassie, who seemed to feel alright, made another joint and blazed it up. Ali declined on their turn.
"No? Then why are you here?" Cassie asked.
"I don't like smoking."
Cassie frowned and insisted with the joint. They seemed more sober now and suspicion was rising to their features. But Ali kept declining. They went on like this for a while, and as they did, I gathered all my strength to stand up. On the hundredth try, I made it. I gave Cassie a look and then, like a robot put on survival-mode, made it to the bedroom where I collapsed and resumed the paralyzed state.
It was only a minute before Cassie came to check on me.
"You need to get them out of here." I was barely coherent.
"Now. Do whatever it takes." Cassie, who apparently had become their target in my absence agreed and left. While I laid there, I could hear the muffled voices. But they didn't leave. Why the fuck didn't they leave? An hour or so passed before I finally heard the door slamming shut, and Cassie came back to tell me he'd left.
We eventually passed out, and in the morning, neither of us was hungover and we went through the previous night.
It was clear that I, if not both of us had been drugged during sometime at the bar. Cassie told me that she'd been forced to eventually give them money for a cab to get them to leave, as he'd blatantly refused to leave unless they did.
I told them what had happened when she'd been in the bathroom.
Panic ensued again, and we went through the apartment. The bathroom window was open and the backdoor unlocked, and Cassie's laptop and brand-new very expensive camera was missing, but we never saw them again.
We moved away a one week later and the relief of being across the country away from them is unexplainable.
We have gone through the event countless of times since, and while we are kicking ourselves for inviting Ali to begin with, we always agree that as soon as whatever it was they had put in our drinks hit, it was out of our hands.
Even though we have been reckless and presumptuous in the past, always believing we could stay on top of any situation, we have never, or would never come close to this on purpose - as both of us are overly paranoid and suspicious of people and their true intentions.
What I'm still wondering is.. What part did the hooligan-friend have to do with any of what happened? Did they plan it together?
And if Cassie hadn't sobered up, what would have happened?
Yesterday, the silly season NHL offseason began with a bang. The Montreal Canadiens sent their top defensive prospect Mikhail Sergachev to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for forward Jonathan Drouin.
Understandably, rumors are starting to come out about teams looking to make moves and players that might be available in the trade market. After all, teams have to figure out their expansion draft strategy pretty quickly, as their protection lists are due by 5 PM EST tomorrow.
While we sit and wait for the Dallas Stars and general manager Jim Nill's strategy and whether they make a move now to shore up their team's roster for the coming season, let's look at a few deals that have been floated on the interwebs involving the team we're anxious to see get back to contention.
Chris Tanev (D - Vancouver Canucks)
TSN reported a few days ago that the Stars have inquired about the 27-year-old defenseman. They have a modified-NTC that kicks in on July 1st, and moving them would allow the Canucks to protect defenseman Luca Sbisa. Vancouver is in a rebuild mode, and Tanev is their best defenseman.
The asking price is likely to start at a first round pick — but is they worth trading the 3rd overall? Probably not. Definitely could see the #29 pick in play, though. I see this deal being one where both teams could improve, but the Stars will likely hold fast on what they feel comfortable paying to get him.
Stars are in on this as well, I'm hearing. Bidding war could make price too hefty, but Brodin would be the perfect catch for Dallas. https://t.co/W049KrXRLQ — Brandon Worley (@brandonworley) June 15, 2017
Brodin is a 23-year-old defenseman that is left handed. He's the top shot suppressor on the Wild's blueline. Not much of an offensive touch, but Dallas doesn't necessarily need that. The price for trading with a division mate for such a young piece is likely to be high, a combination of draft picks and roster players. What Minnesota needs is scoring, and Dallas can deal from a position of strength in that regard.
The tricky part to this one happening is likely going to be that acquiring Brodin means you'd have to use a protection slot on them for the expansion draft and, assuming one doesn't go the other way in a trade, one of Stephen Johns/Dan Hamhuis/Jamie Oleksiak is no longer among the protected blueliners for Dallas. With Minnesota needing to make the trade to get expansion draft protection list relief, if Brodin moves it's likely to be before the roster freeze at 3 PM EST Saturday.
Still think Eberle to Dallas for Cody Eakin makes most sense if Oilers want to deal Eberle. — Jim Matheson (@NHLbyMatty) June 15, 2017
Eberle seems to always be under fire in Edmonton, and perpetually on the trade block. (Which likely means they won't finally get traded this season, right?) However, the idea of an Eberle-for-Cody-Eakin swap is appealing in two ways. First, the Stars need a right wing to ride shotgun with the Jamie Benn-Tyler Seguin superduo. Secondly, the Stars have a surplus of centermen and several in the AHL that might be ready for a bottom six roles. With Radek Faksa being all but a lock as the team's third line center of the future, is paying Eakin's $3.85 million caps hit to be a fourth line center good cap management?
Maybe not, assuming that the Stars see Eakin as more useful as a pivot rather than a winger. Their numbers were abysmal last season even with heavy minutes played between Benn and Seguin. Is that a trend or an anomaly? That's the tricky part. Eakin could go to Edmonton and put up stellar offensive numbers and play their particular brand of defense effectively. But is it worth hanging on to them to see if they can do that in Dallas or would acquiring a legitimate top six right winger (a position of shallow depth in Dallas, to be honest) be better in the long-term?
Eberle carries a $6 million cap hit for the next two seasons, so there might be some money to be worked out in this deal. But a one-for-one swap seems like the right price for both sides in this deal.
Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Erik Solheim, says the Islamic Republic has good faith in its efforts to tackle the current environment woes in the region.
“I believe that the problem of the sand and dust storms in the Middle East should be resolved by the regional states themselves,” they said on the sidelines of ‘International Conference on Combating Sand and Dust Storms: Challenges and Practical Solutions' recently held in Tehran.
In response to a question on Saudi Arabia's absence from Tehran conference, the UN official noted the world body is expected to issue a resolution drawing on discussions raised during Tehran conference.
“All countries including Saudi Arabia are obliged to observe the resolutions,” they added.
Solheim went on saying that the solutions found at Tehran conference are helpful for all states including Saudi Arabia.
“So, the UN would follow it up to make sure all states implement the UN resolutions on environmental crises in the Middle East.”
The UN official also added most of the environmental woes can be resolved if each regional state fulfils its own environmental commitments.
“I don't play down the role of regional and international cooperation, but to me, sticking to the local environmental standards is more important when it comes to resolving the current problems,” they noted.
Solheim went on saying that the UN can settle the differences between the regional states on the environmental issues, adding the differences could be resolved through dialogue.
They recommended that regional states draw on the UN's technological and scientific capabilities in combating environmental crises and added the environmental woes of the region cannot be resolved by holding just one single international conference.
They referred to the instability in Iraq and Syria and said the two countries have turned into main sources of the dust and sand storms hitting the whole region over the past few years.
“Now with the retreat of ISIS from the two countries, we hope new efforts can resolve the problem.”
Representatives of 43 countries attended the International Conference on Combating Sand and Dust Storms, which was co-hosted by the United Nations (UN) and the Iranian Department of Environment. The international conference was aimed at reviewing the challenges and practical solutions to the dust pollution that has plagued Iran and several other countries in the Middle East.
Saudi Arabia and its regional allies including Bahrain, Yemen, United Arab Emirates and Egypt refused to take part in the conference. Observers say this is part of the countries' reluctance to shoulder their responsibility to resolve regional and international problems.
The absence grabs more attentions when it is known that the mentioned countries are the main source of dust and sand storms across the region.
Ayutthaya officials are looking for someone who dumped thousands of large, unused condoms in an empty field and tried to burn them.
Ten workers were sent this afternoon to clean up the condoms found in an empty field in the Saphantai subdistrict. The condoms were unpackaged, unused, piled up and partially burned.
According to Pol. Supoj Pensawang's insightful eyes, most of the condoms were large in size.
The district will file a police report against the condom dumper for illegally disposing of hazardous waste without permission, according to Mayor Wicha Jaikla.
The condoms weighed two tons altogether. Workers stuffed them into garbage bags, after which they will be destroyed, Sanook reported.
Photo: Sanook
Related:
Durex called out for ‘courtesy rape' post
Infographic sizes up ASEAN community's stature (of penis)
Increased condom production could erect flaccid demand for Thai rubber, minister says
Thai penises reach new heights
Durex Condoms: Thai men most unfaithful in the world
Suppose you could trade your bitcoin for shares in, say, Apple Inc, just as the company is on the cusp of rolling out its biggest product release in years. Or perhaps use that bitcoin stash to buy stock in London-listed Vodafone to enjoy its 5.4% dividend yield.
That's what First Global Credit wants to do with a new derivatives product for bitcoin holders that will allow them to participate in global equities markets, without cashing their bitcoin in for fiat. The fund allows investors to keep their funds in bitcoin, while seeking returns with those holdings.
Gavin Smith, First Global's chief executive, said:
“If you believe bitcoin is going to increase in value, you don't want to lose that potential. [Our product] will retain the value of your bitcoins, and you will also hopefully make money on your investment.”
First Global formally launched yesterday at Inside Bitcoins Las Vegas, a three-day digital currency conference running through 7th October at the Flamingo Hotel and Casino.
Blue-chip stocks for bitcoin
First Global sells a type of derivative known as a ‘contract for difference' (CFD). Further, it has created 109 CFDs that are based on blue-chip technology stocks, index funds for the major markets, including the S&P 500 and FTSE 100 and popular exchange-traded funds.
When a First Global customer buys a ‘share' of Apple through the fund, for example, they do not own the underlying equity. Instead, they own a CFD issued by First Global. First Global then buys the Apple share and holds it in its own account, Smith explained.
If Apple declares a dividend – it usually yields just under 2% since it resumed paying dividends regularly in 2012 – then the Apple CFD holder at First Global will receive a dividend in the form of a credit in their First Global account.
The First Global customer can withdraw dividends or sell their Apple CFD holdings at any time, according to Smith. If the investor was long Apple and the stock price went up, then they would receive the difference between the purchase price and the sale price. They would then cash out of the trade in bitcoin.
“The investor will walk away with bitcoins,” Smith said.
CFDs and regulation
CFDs are derivatives that can be created for almost any type of security, including treasury bonds, foreign exchange rates, commodities and indices. Unlike futures contracts, they don't come with a delivery date. Instead, CFDs based on stocks mimic the purchase of actual shares.
The benefit of a CFD is that it allows buyers to gain exposure to the underlying asset at a fraction of the cost of actually acquiring the asset. This is because CFDs can often be bought on margin, meaning the buyer need only pay a small percentage upfront.
CFDs are offered by big banks like Barclays, for example, which offers its customers contracts on thousands of equities and commodities. Many countries allow trading in CFDs, like the UK and Australia. The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), however, does not allow trading in CFDs, so US residents generally don't have access to these derivatives.
Leverage trading risks
One of the reasons CFDs aren't allowed by the US regulator is because of the high levels of leverage they typically require. Even Smith acknowledged that trading CFDs with large amounts of borrowed money can be risky, although they are quick to point out that it's using too much borrowed money and not the contracts that are the potential issue:
“The risk is really around the gearing rather than the product itself.”
First Global will offer margin trading, they said, but at “conservative” levels. Traders can leverage up to five times what they deposit with First Global.
The company charges commissions on each trade of 1.45% for long-only investors and 0.1% for active traders. An additional financing fee of 2.08% is also levied to make up for the difference when taking bitcoin deposits from clients, but buying securities in fiat. Active traders must also pay a holding charge of 0.1% if contracts are held overnight.
Hedge management
Smith stressed that First Global will not be taking risks with investors' money. The fund will match all buys with underlying securities on a “one-for-one” basis, they said. In addition, the fund has a hedging strategy to ensure that its holdings aren't affected by violent moves in either the cryptocurrency or traditional equities markets.
Hedging risk is Smith's specialty. They come to the bitcoin markets from two decades devising hedging strategies for commodities and derivatives at Credit Suisse and Trafigura, one of the largest global commodity trading firms.
At Trafigura, they constructed strategies to hedge metals and oil. They set up the bitcoin fund with Marcie Terman, who holds the post of communications director. The two have funded the company themselves, with no outside investment.
Smith explained that First Global, which is currently domiciled in Belize, will move to the European Union in the coming months, and that customers will be expected to comply with know-your-customer (KYC) checks.
“We can't offer the anonymity that some people would like to have. But the flipside is we are operating fully within the legal framework,” they said.
First Global is looking to expand the range of securities offered to include fixed-income assets and commodities in the future.
Smith concluded:
“It's a new market now, it's very small. But we believe it will grow significantly over the next three years.”
Disclaimer: This article should not be viewed as an endorsement of any of the companies mentioned. Please do your own extensive research before considering investing any funds in these products.
Stocks image via Shutterstock
Buy Sacred Franchise Pack as a Steam Key.
The Sacred Franchise Pack includes: Sacred 3 Gold including all DLC, Sacred 2 Gold, Sacred Citadel, and Sacred Citadel: Jungle Hunt!
Sacred 3 Gold including all DLC Sacred 3. Orcland Story
Sacred 3: Malakhim Hero
Sacred 3: Orc of Thrones
Sacred 3: Underworld Story
Sacred 3: Z4ngr13f Weapon Spirit
Sacred 2 Gold Sacred 2 Fallen Angel
Sacred 2 Ice & Blood
Sacred Citadel: Jungle Hunt
Sacred 3 Gold
This edition includes all available DLC!
Sacred 3 is an arcade Hack ‘n' Slash game for up to four players, set in the war for Ancaria. Choose from legendary heroes and fight together against the rise of evil. You will face hordes of grimmocs, brute beasts, legions of mercenaries and undead wizards. Develop your character's skills and abilities and band together to use powerful co-op abilities and tactics. Victory Is Ours. Glory Is Mine.
Sacred 2 Gold
Experience the world of Ancaria in its full glory with Sacred 2: Gold Edition. Containing Sacred 2 Fallen Angel and the awesome add-on Ice and Blood. Defeat countless dangerous enemies; capture powerful weapons and valuable treasures. Prepare yourself for the ultimate battle and become a legend.
Share Share Shares 0
Want to have your business advert seen by over 600,000 people per month? Email us at [email protected] for more information, and check out our website about types of advertising we offer.
Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook
Check out our stuff on GoLocalWorcester
The bracket hasn't been going well for this Turtleboy so far. I WAS getting destroyed by Mrs. Turtleboy and pretty much everyone else in the bracket challenge. It doesn't get much uglier than this picture right here:
Yup, lose an Final Four team within 2 hours of the tournament starting. From that point on I'm pretty much fucked. It could be worse though I guess. I could be this girl:
And the band played as the ship went down. I'll give them credit. This girl wouldn't have survived on the Titanic, but they definitely would've died with dignity. You gotta love how the people running the cameras have this unbelievable knack for finding the saddest person in the crowd every single game. This is the second straight year Nova bowed out of the tournament before the Sweet 16. Such a disgrace. I would've smashed that flute over Jay Wright's freshly dyed hair:
The only person sadder than them is probably Obama:
Nova in the final. Guess they should've spent a little more time on their bracket.
I'm not gonna lie though, I saw this one coming. NC State had some HUGE wins this year. They beat Duke and they won AT Lousiville and AT North Carolina. Nova played no one. Most predictable outcome ever.
Oh yea, and it helped me pass Mrs. Turtleboy:
Glad to see I still wear the pants in this house. Still got Notre Dame beating Kentucky and still got Wisconsin winning it all. You're about to see the greatest comeback in the history of brackets. And it's all thanks to this crying girl. God bless you sad Villanova flute girl.
Want to have your business advert seen by over 600,000 people per month? Email us at [email protected] for more information, and check out our website about types of advertising we offer.
Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook
Check out our stuff on GoLocalWorcester
WordPress has made it convenient for plugins to be deployed to the public. Just put your plugin in the WordPress plugin repository and it can be easily found by people from inside their dashboard.
Probably one of the best features of the repository is that it makes it easy to update plugins from inside the dashboard. Update notifications are displayed inside the dashboard, and performing an update is as easy as clicking the Update Now button.
But how about if you wanted to host the plugin on your own? The convenient update feature won't be available if you host your plugin outside the WordPress plugin repo. Nor would your users be notified of an available update.
This article will teach you that with a little creative coding, you can host your own WordPress plugins in GitHub while still retaining the automatic update feature.
Why Host Your Plugin in GitHub?
There may be a number of reasons why you would want to host your plugin outside the WordPress plugin repository. One of the main restrictions the repository gives is that you are required to license your plugin as GPLv2. I won't dwell on the details of licensing, but in a nutshell it means that anyone can share your work. So if you want to sell your plugin, then hosting it in a private GitHub repository is now an option you can consider.
However, because of the way WordPress was built, hosting your plugin in GitHub would disable automatic updates for our plugin. To understand why this is the case, we have to understand how WordPress handles plugin updates.
You can learn more about WordPress plugin repository by reading their Detailed Plugin Guidelines
How WordPress Updates Plugins
First, let's investigate how WordPress performs plugin updates in order to get a better understanding of why self-hosted plugins can't have automatic updates
WordPress periodically checks the WordPress repository for updates your installed plugins. It receives a bunch of information on each plugin such as its latest version and the plugin's package URL. This is what we usually see in the plugin admin page when we are notified of an update:
When we click the View version x.x details link, WordPress performs another lookup in the plugin repo. This time it gets more detailed information about the plugin like it's description, changelog, what WordPress version It's tested in, and plenty more. This information was shown to us in a lightbox:
Lastly, when the Update Now link is clicked, the updated plugin package is downloaded and installed.
So why doesn't automatic updates work for self-hosted plugins? It's because WordPress tries to find it in the WordPress plugin repository and can't find it there!
The Game Plan
Our plan is to enable automatic updates with our GitHub-hosted plugin.
Here's a list of what we need to do to make it work:
We need a way to deploy plugin updates in GitHub.
We should show plugin version update notifications,
It would be nice to display plugin details when the View version x.x details link is clicked.
link is clicked. We also want to successfully install the plugin update when the update now link is clicked,
How to Execute the Plan
We will be using some WordPress filters in order for us to implement our game plan. These are:
pre_set_site_transient_update_plugins. This filter is called when WordPress tries to check for plugin updates.
This filter is called when WordPress tries to check for plugin updates. plugins_api. This one is used when WordPress shows the update details of the plugin.
This one is used when WordPress shows the update details of the plugin. upgrader_post_install. Lastly, this is called after a plugin is successfully installed.
We are going to hook into these filters, then push our data into the results to make WordPress think that our plugin is in the WordPress plugin repository. The data we will put in will come from our GitHub repo, and should mimic the data given out by the plugin repository.
Setting Up the GitHub Project
Before we go ahead with coding, let's first talk about GitHub and how we'll use it to give out the data that we need to feed WordPress.
You will need either a private or a public GitHub repository. Your repo should contain all of your plugin files, and not a compressed copy of your plugin.
We will be using a cool feature of GitHub called Releases.
The good thing about releases is that it gets the current codebase in the repository and creates a downloadable zip file for each specific release. We can tell WordPress to download this zip file when updating our plugin.
Another good thing about Releases is that we can put in our plugin update details in the release notes. We can then parse this and display it in the lightbox WordPress shows for plugin update details. We can go further and even allow GitHub Markdown for our changelog.
When it's time to deploy an update to our plugin, follow the formatting in the image above when you are creating a new release:
Tag Name: Plugin version (just the number)
Plugin version (just the number) Release notes: The description of the update
You can read more about GitHub Releases in their article Release Your Software
Creating our Updater Class
Now it's time to code our plugin!
First, we create the starting point for our class:
This is the class structure we're going to use. We just mainly defined all the functions we're going to use and created our filter hooks. This class does nothing as of the moment, except to assign values to class properties.
The Constructor Arguments
For our class to execute, we will need a few arguments:
$pluginFile : We will be calling this class from our main plugin script, this should have the value __FILE__ . We will be getting details about our plugin from this later on.
: We will be calling this class from our main plugin script, this should have the value . We will be getting details about our plugin from this later on. $gitHubUsername : Your GitHub username
: Your GitHub username $gitHubProjectName : Your GitHub repository name
: Your GitHub repository name $accessToken : An access token that will allow us to view the details of a private GitHub repo. If your project is hosted in a public GitHub repo, just leave this blank.
Now let's fill up the functions of our class with some code.
You can learn more about creating access tokens from GitHub help . You can also read up on how the GitHub API works.
The initPluginData Function
This is the simplest function in our class. We will be needing our plugin's slug and other information throughout the rest of the script, so we're putting the necessary calls in a function for convenience.
The getRepoReleaseInfo Function
This function is all about communicating with GitHub to get our release information. We will use the GitHub API to get details regarding our latest release. Then store everything that we get in our githubAPIResult property for future processing.
The pre_set_site_transient_update_plugins filter is called twice by WordPress, once when it checks for plugin updates, then another after it gets results. Since we will be using this function in that filter, we would be querying the GitHub API twice. We just need to get information from GitHub once:
Next, we will be using the GitHub API to get information about our releases:
Lastly, we'll only keep the data for latest release of the plugin:
Now we can get our plugin data from GitHub. We will be parsing this data in the succeeding functions.
The setTransitent Function
This function is called when WordPress checks for plugin updates. Our job here is to use our GitHub release data to provide information for our plugin update.
The first thing we do is to check whether WordPress has already checked for plugin updates before. If it has, then we don't have to run the rest of the function again.
Next, we will get the plugin information that we are going to use:
After calling these two functions, we can check our local plugin's version from the version (the tag name) found in GitHub. We can use PHP's convenient version_compare function to compare the two values:
Lastly, there is a plugin update available, we need to prompt the admin to display an update notification. We do this by filling up the $transient variable with our updated plugin information.
After this function processes our GitHub information, our admin would be able to display notifications in the plugin admin page:
The setPluginInfo Function
This function's purpose is to gather details regarding the updated plugin from the release notes. All this information will be displayed inside a lightbox when the View version x.x details link is clicked.
First, let's get our plugin information:
Next we check whether or not it is out time to display anything. We can check if we are trying to load information for our current plugin by checking the slug :
To display our plugin details, we need to add our plugin information manually to the $response variable, normally this variable would be populated with the results from the WordPress plugin repository:
So far we've added our plugin details, but we haven't yet parsed our release notes from our GitHub release. Let's check what we have in our release notes:
In the release notes, we have specified three details regarding our release: our changelog, followed by the minimum required WordPress version, then the latest WordPress version the plugin was tested in. We're going to parse this text and extract these values.
Since we're hosting our plugin in GitHub, it would be nice if we can have the ability to use GitHub Markdown in our release notes. I'm going to use a PHP class called ParseDown to convert the Markdown text to HTML:
We're also going to create tabs in the lightbox to make it conform with how WordPress repository hosted plugins display their information. One will be for the plugin description and the other will be for our changelog:
Finally we're going to extract the values for the requirements and tested:
The postInstall Function
This last function we'll deal with performing additional processes that we need to fully install our plugin after it is downloaded.
When creating a release for our GitHub repo, it automatically creates a zip file for that specific release. The filename for the zip file is generated by GitHub with the format reponame-tagname.zip. This also contains a directory where our plugin files are located. Similarly, the directory name for this also follows format reponame-tagname.
Normally, when WordPress downloads and unzips a plugin archive, the plugin directory name doesn't change. If you're plugin's directory is my-awesome-plugin, after deleting the old plugin files and unzipping the updated one, you're directory would still be named my-awesome-plugin. But since GitHub changes our plugin's directory name every time we deploy a release, WordPress won't be able to find our plugin. It would still be able to install it, but it won't be able to re-activate it. We can fix this issue by renaming the new directory to match the old one.
First thing's first:
Next we have to check whether our plugin is currently activated, so we can re-activate it afterwards:
Now we rename our updated plugin directory to match the old one. We're using the function move here, but since we are specifying the same directory, it would be just like renaming it:
The last step would be to re-activate the plugin:
Calling Our GitHub Updater Class
Now that the class is finished, all that's left to do is to call it in our main plugin file:
Trying It Out
That's it! Just include this class and call it in your plugin, and it should start checking for updates automatically.
To test if it works, create a new release for your GitHub repo and follow the guidelines stated earlier:
Once you have created your release, you can force WordPress to check for updates by clicking the refresh button found in the admin bar.
Conclusion
I hope you learned a thing or two about how WordPress works and how the whole process of updating plugins is performed. You can download the complete script from the download links at the top of this article.
I hope you enjoyed this article. I highly appreciate any feedback, comments and suggestions. Share your thoughts below!
CLOSE No. 1 ranked Alabama rolled over No. 13 Auburn 30-12 on Saturday to remain unbeaten this season. Time_Sports
Alabama Crimson Tide quarterback Jalen Hurts acknowledges the cheers. (Photo: John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports)
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. — Alabama and Auburn are two in-state siblings separated by 150 miles and generations upon generations of hatred, animosity and antipathy. They are, in other words, bitter rivals.
College football is unpredictable, and never more so when rivals are involved. That's true even in this year's Iron Bowl, pitting the No. 1 Crimson Tide, the undisputed top dogs in the sport, and No. 16 Auburn, which has scraped together a satisfactory regular season from the dregs of a sour start.
Maybe that's one reason why the first half unfolded as it did: Auburn trailed just 13-9 at the break despite just a single first down and a measly 31 yards of offense.
“At halftime, I guess everybody thought I was going to throw a fit,” Nick Saban said. They didn't, surprisingly enough. Instead, Saban preached execution: Do your job. Control the line of scrimmage. “Trust and believe in what we do and everybody's got to go do our job.”
Maybe the inherent nuttiness of these rivalry games is to blame for a pair of uncharacteristic breakdowns by Alabama's secondary. Saban and the team's defensive coaching staff had drawn those same Auburn offensive plays on a whiteboard, preparing the defense what may come. We expect them to go here, the coaches said.
“And they did,” Saban said. “And we didn't defend them very well.”
But it was a game of two halves, of two stories. The first of Alabama sloppiness, with the four-point lead pockmarked with misplayed balls, inopportune fumbles, interceptions and errors. The second of Alabama dominance, with the Tide pulling away for a 30-12 win to remain unbeaten heading into next weekend's SEC title game appearance against Florida.
“It's really all about you,” senior tight end O.J. Howard said. “Your opponent, they're not going to hide stuff. They're going to do what's on film. And it's your job to execute.”
But the most meaningful takeaway is something far grander, and it's something the rest of college football — and the Tide's competition for the national championship in particular — needs to consider heading into the College Football Playoff homestretch:
There's only one team that can beat Alabama, and it's Alabama itself.
The only way Alabama is going to lose this season is by turning the ball over, or by failing to prepare, or by leaving its game on the bus, or by failing to show up at all, period. This is the best team in college football. The best program.
Teams circle Alabama's orbit like planets circling the sun; some have come close to knocking off the Tide this fall, such as Mississippi, but this is a still the lone unbeaten team on the Power Five ranks. Auburn benefitted from Alabama's sluggishness for 30 minutes before being crushed, worn down and spit out.
It all seems so familiar. All that's missing from Alabama's 2016 season is a grizzled, seen-it-all police officer waving bystanders aside … There's nothing to see here, move along, move along.
“Alabama is our strongest competition,” junior linebacker Shaun Dion Hamilton said. “We hold each other accountable. Coaches hold coaches accountable. Coaches hold players accountable. Players hold players accountable.”
This isn't new, but rather a bedrock of the program's dynastic run that began the second the ink dried on Saban's contract in 2007. It's seen in how the Tide practice. It's obvious in how the program approaches the very idea of competition: Alabama feels its strongest battle is internal, not external. It's seen in how senior linebacker Ryan Anderson speaks to the media; a year ago, Anderson said, they realized just how much they sound like their head coach.
“I feel like it's been like that for a long time around here,” they said.
Alabama running back Damien Harris (34) celebrates a first-quarter touchdown that helped beat Auburn in the Iron Bowl and lift the Tide to a 12-0 regular season. (Photo: John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports)
And the Tide's near-constant battle is one against complacency, which explains why Saban said after a September win against Western Kentucky, “I don't know I've ever been this disappointed after winning a game, maybe ever,” or why they said at halftime of last week's win against Chattanooga, “I'm embarrassed, the way we played.”
It may be that none of their teams — and there have been many, many great ones here — has so clearly won this battle.
There has been one moment when they seemed mortal: Alabama trailed the Rebels by 21 points late in the first half on Sept. 17 before pulling out a 48-43 win. That remains the only game decided by a single-digit margin.
Alabama's defense hasn't allowed a touchdown since Oct. 22, a month-long stretch of mind-boggling stinginess. In total, this scoreless streak spans 267 minutes and 54 seconds — four-plus games and counting. The offense, led by true first-year student quarterback Jalen Hurts, has now cracked at least 450 yards in 10 of its 12 games.
Other teams have crumbled under the weight of expectations, even as no program has grander and greater expectations than Alabama. Oregon, Notre Dame, UCLA and Michigan State are the latest examples, but they join a litany of teams that have been crushed by unrealized potential. Meanwhile, the Tide have cruised.
“I'm proud of our players, to have an undefeated season, especially in our league,” Saban said. “I'm really, really proud of the way these guys have competed and the resolve that they've showed in some difficult circumstances.
“That's the most difficult thing for any team, especially college players, to be able to sustain that for the season. We've had some really difficult games against some really good teams. It's not going to stop here. We've got other challenges.”
The first is Florida, winners of the SEC East Division, in a game the Tide likely don't even need to win to crack the Playoff field. (“Well, I hate it when you say that. I hate it when they put that on TV, radio, internet, any kind of communication,” Saban said of the game's potential meaninglessness in the championship picture.)
Then comes a national semifinal against any one of a slew of contenders: Clemson, Washington, Ohio State, Oklahoma and the rest, with none projected to be favored in any hypothetical matchup with the Crimson Tide.
But that's not new — it's the normal M.O. for Alabama, which has conquered this sport in a way few have in its history. Alabama should be favored in any game against any opponent. Alabama shouldn't lose to Florida, to Clemson, to anyone. They may lose, but they shouldn't.
“We prepare our guys the best we can to go out there and play well,” Saban said.
It's a disheartening fact for the rest of the Football Bowl Subdivision to consider. But there is a silver lining: Catch the Tide on the wrong day — or catch the Tide in a bad half, as happened on Saturday — and anything can happen. It's happened in the past against the Rebels, against Oklahoma, even against Auburn.
But it's a fact nonetheless. This is Alabama's world; the rest of college football has paled in comparison. And as the SEC championship awaits, with the Playoff just around the corner, Alabama again looks unbeatable. The Tide's greatest competitor is right there at home, in-house, internal and not external.
“The legacy of our team still lies ahead, in terms of what they can be accomplished and what they can do,” Saban said. “There's a lot more out there for this team in terms of an SEC championship, which we still hold in very high esteem. That's our next focus and that's the next thing that we're going to focus on. And what happens from there happens from there.”
HIGHLIGHTS FROM WEEK 13
Come join your fellow Nuggets fans, Denver stiffs readers and writers as we cheer on the Nuggets... or at least as we cheer on their lottery balls. The Nuggets have a 21.8% chance of "winning" a top 3 pick in the 2016 NBA draft. Winning the lottery could be franchise altering for the Nuggets and there is no better place to watch the event live than at Stiffs Night Out on May 17th.
As always, we'll be gathering at Jake's Sports & Spirits, located at 3800 Walnut Street in Denver's River North (RiNo) Art District. Jake's will be serving 2-for-1 drinks and all night long. Jake's has plenty of parking in front and in the lot across the street and families are welcome!
In addition to great food and great company, we will host a raffle for Nuggets tickets, gear and Denver Stiffs T-shirts. If you've never been to SNO, they are a lot of fun and a great opportunity to meet fellow Nuggets fans. After the lottery is over, stay for the NBA conference finals which will air on TNT immediately after the lottery takes place.
We hope to see you there! Go Nuggets!
GETTY A soft Brexit could see 12 million people enter the UK over two decades
Figures showed that annual net migration to the UK from EU countries would be unlikely to fall below 155,000 in the "medium term" if the country stays in the EU's Single Market. And the Government's ability to reduce the influx will be "extremely limited" as long as the EU's free movement rules remain in force. The disturbing forecast of near-record levels of migration for years ahead was set out in a report from the population think tank Migration Watch. It was being seen last night as a devastating blow to campaigners for a so-called "soft Brexit" that retain the UK's full Single Market membership.
Supporters of a full break with Brussels insisted that snatching back control over immigration was at the heart of the vote to leave the EU in last summer's referendum on the UK's membership of the bloc.
An increase of anything like 12 million in just 25 years is, quite simply, unacceptable to the British public Alp Mehmet, Migration Watch UK
Alp Mehmet, vice-chairperson of Migration Watch UK, said: “This research spells out the very serious consequences for our society of net migration continuing at its present scale with membership of the single market resulting in a relentless increase in our population. "An increase of anything like 12 million in just 25 years is, quite simply, unacceptable to the British public and certainly not what they voted for in the referendum.” Tory MP Philip Hollobone said: "Migration Watch's forecasts have always been thoroughly reliable and are the best we are going to get from anyone.
GETTY If EU laws on free movement remain, the Government will be limited with its migration options
"The picture they paint is completely unacceptable. "We simply can't stay in the Single Market if it means we are going to get that sort of level of immigration. "Above all, people voted in the referendum for a change in our approach to immigration." And John Bickley, Ukip's immigration spokesperson, said: "Migration Watch have confirmed Ukip's worst fears, that remaining in the Single Market will not result in the UK 'leaving the EU' as we will have to continue to accept uncontrolled immigration from the EU.
GETTY Increasing migrant numbers would not be what the public voted for with Brexit
THE BREXITEERS Sun, January 17, 2016 Brexit: Independent experts have drawn up a list of the most influential people on Brexit Play slideshow 1 of 51
"Total net immigration will add 12 million people to the population in just 25 years, more than the equivalent of the entire current populations of Bulgaria and New Zealand." They added: "Theresa May needs to set out in no uncertain terms that when the UK leaves the EU it will also cease to be a member of the Single Market. "The UK will then, like the rest of the world, have access to the Single Market, and tariff free access will be hugely beneficial to the EU, which runs a massive trade surplus with the UK." The Migration Watch report cited official figures showing that annual net migration from other EU nations to the UK reached 189,000 in the 12 months to the end of last June.
GETTY As long as Britain remains in the single market, it will not fully leave the EU
Other data showed that the total number of EU migrants living in the UK has more than doubled to 3.2million since border controls were relaxed for a string of Eastern European nations. More than 1.5million citizens from former communist Eastern Bloc countries including 288,000 Romanians and Bulgarians were now living in the UK, the figures showed. Ministers could make few changes to the influx if the UK remained signed up to Brussels "free movement" rules, the Migration Watch report said. "The scope for a significant reduction in EU migration is extremely limited if the UK remains a member of the Single Market and thus remains subject to free movement of people," the report said.
GETTY The impact of a falling pound to the euro, has had little impact on migration numbers
"Looking ahead, many of the push and pull factors that have led to high levels of EU migration in the past are likely to continue." The fall in the value of the pound against the euro since the referendum vote had made little impact on the incentives for migrants to head to Britain from Eastern Europe, according to the report. Britain's monthly minimum wage of 1,343 euros (£1,120) compared with minimum monthly pay rates of 417 euros in Poland, 276 euros in Romania and 214 euros in Bulgaria. "Of course the cost of living in Eastern Europe is much lower so small savings of UK wages go a long way when sent home to family members," the report said.
GETTY The minimum living wages in the UK are attractive to many Eastern Europeans
"The UK minimum wage is also set to increase substantially by 2020, adding to the incentive." Forecasts from the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development suggested wages in Eastern Europe were unlikely to rise to UK levels before 2035. High unemployment levels across many EU countries also added to the incentive for EU citizens to head to the UK, according to the report. Migration from southern European countries including Spain and Italy was continuing because of the continuing euro-zone crisis.
GETTY Brexit was a promise of change in the immigration rates and policies
"While these countries are expected to experience moderate economic growth, unemployment levels are not fully anticipated to fall to pre-recession levels for some time. "Youth unemployment in Spain is projected to remain above 40 per cent even in 2020," the report said. Other EU countries were also becoming less attractive than the UK for Eastern European migrants, the report said.
GETTY Shrinking economic opportunities in other EU states is making people come to the UK
Remoaners Club: These people hate Brexit! Mon, January 16, 2017 Remainers are finding it hard to accept Brexit. Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 14 NICK CLEGG
Romanians and Bulgarians were less attracted to Italy and Spain because of shrinking economic opportunities. And Polish workers were finding Germany less attractive because of increased labour market competition due to the arrival of hundreds of thousands of refugees and asylum seekers from the Middle East, Africa and Asia. The report concluded: "It is not possible to be both a member of the European Single Market and in control of EU immigration.
GETTY London's population is expected to grow to 10 million by 2030
WHEN you gotta go, you gotta go! But shouldn't you find a bathroom first?
Well this mum thought the need to pee was more of a priority than finding somewhere private to do it, reports Kidspot.
They have caused outrage after allowing their young son to wee in a cup while standing next to their table at a family restaurant.
Diners were apparently appalled by the scene which happened at a food court in a shopping centre.
The mum, who appears to prefer to relieve their child rather than walk them to a toilet, holds a plastic cup for them to wee in.
The cup was used by the family to drink out of just moments earlier.
A horrified witness at the food court in the city of Krasnodar in Russia could not believe what they were seeing and uploaded the image online which attracted comments from disgusted readers.
One person commented, “even animals do not pee next to the place they eat, what did this woman think of when they decided to hold a cup next to their son's pee.”
Another added, “I wonder if the boy wanted to do number two, would they let them do it at the food court too? By putting a newspaper on a plate? Wild people.”
The photographs come just a day after a Melbourne mother said they were asked to leave a restaurant when they changed their baby's nappy in their pram right next to them table.
The furious mum told Kidspot it was the first and very last time they will ever set foot in the restaurant which cost the table of 10 a total of $400 for their lunch.
“She looked down at me like I had asked if she'd like to eat my son's nappy. I was so shocked and very unimpressed. The food was bad anyway — so we definitely will not be returning.”
This article originally appeared on Kidspot.
Dr Mark Jessopp of UCC has spent decades visiting the polar regions, and they say that our perception of this life is different to reality.
Not much of the world can claim to be true wilderness any more but, at the north and south poles, there remains vast tracts of land and ice where only a few hardened researchers find themselves returning to – or living in – each year.
One such researcher is Dr Mark Jessopp, a marine biologist currently working as a research fellow at University College Cork (UCC).
After obtaining their bachelor degree in zoology from the University of Melbourne in 1995, their research took them to the British Antarctic Survey to monitor seal, penguin and albatross populations.
It was then, in 2003, that they travelled to Ireland where they undertook a PhD on the design and monitoring of marine reserves.
Eventually arriving at UCC to study higher predators, Jessopp now has 40 scientific papers to their name in journals such as Science, Nature and Current Biology, and is the Irish representative on the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea working group on marine renewable energy.
In November, Jessopp was named as Science Foundation Ireland's winner of the Research Image of the Year award for their photograph entitled Osmotic Shock.
The photo shows seabirds foraging on marine zooplankton, which have been stunned by the freshwater output from glacial meltwater.
What inspired you to become a researcher?
I excelled at maths and science from an early age, and was inevitably branded a nerd. After being thrown in the school skip for what seemed the 10th time by the anti-nerd squad, I resolved to pursue a life where curiosity was considered a benefit rather than a target.
Research was a natural career choice. There wasn't a particular moment I recall thinking, ‘That's what I want to do with my life' but, like many biologists, I grew up watching nature documentaries showing stunning locations and revealing complex animal behaviours.
I have always been fascinated by the marine realm and how very little we know about it, and these documentaries provided the germ of an idea that you could actually do this for a living and get to hang out in some seriously remarkable places.
Can you tell us about the research you're currently working on?
Together with a colleague, Dr Tom Hart of Oxford University, we started a pilot programme to see if we could monitor seabirds remotely in the Arctic.
By making a single visit to a seabird colony for just one or two hours per year, we could set up monitoring cameras that provide images of seabirds at their nests for the whole year … to find the timing of breeding as well as eventual breeding success.
With Zooniverse, we created Seabirdwatch, a citizen-science programme where people around the world contribute to seabird monitoring and conservation by helping us identify seabirds in our images.
While the platform only launched in October 2017, our citizen scientists have already identified more than 320,000 seabirds in images taken from colonies in the high Arctic to south-west Ireland.
Our next step is to use this dataset to use computer vision and machine-learning algorithms to ‘train' a computer to recognise birds in images, and automate the whole process.
In your opinion, why is your research important?
We have an obligation to protect our natural resources, not just from a legislative point of view, but from a moral one.
Seabirds are key indicators of ocean health, but are in global decline due to various pressures including fisheries, habitat change, disturbance in breeding colonies and predation.
To halt these declines, we need to understand the causes, but monitoring at the scales required to disentangle local impacts from wider climate processes is incredibly time-consuming and costly.
I believe this research provides a viable way of understanding key components of marine ecosystems as well as contributing to conservation.
What are some of the biggest challenges you face as a researcher in your field?
As a researcher in seabird ecology, the biggest challenges would be associated with the environment I work in.
During fieldwork in the Arctic, polar bear encounters are possible and I am required by law to have a rifle for protection against polar bears at all times.
Sea-ice conditions have often prevented us from getting access to certain seabird colonies and, in one instance, an avalanche managed to take out one of our monitoring cameras, resulting in zero data for that location in that year.
Even in more temperate locations like Ireland, many seabirds nest on small offshore islands, battered by the full force of the Atlantic Ocean, and high swell has often delayed getting on to (or off from) field sites for weeks at a time.
Are there any common misconceptions about this area of research? How would you address them?
Most of the misconceptions are in the name of the field. As an undergraduate in zoology, the most common response to asking what I was studying was: “So, you want to work in a zoo?”
Progressing to marine biologist also has its fair share of misconceptions, with the usual assumption that I spend six months of the year in warm tropical waters, lounging on boats watching dolphins and whales. They are often really interested to hear that I tend to specialise in colder climates.
I think a lot of people also see biology as a ‘softer' science but, because of so many processes happening simultaneously in natural systems, analysing biological datasets often requires advanced statistics skills.
It's definitely not a career choice for people thinking it's all like an episode of [BBC documentary series] Blue Planet.
What are some of the areas of research you'd like to see tackled in the years ahead?
Unfortunately, we know that 77pc of global fisheries are either fully exploited, overexploited or depleted.
This is having a huge negative impact on marine ecosystems. I see a huge challenge in ensuring that we balance our increasing global food needs with those of the marine populations, such as seabirds, which are also reliant on them.
There needs to be an asterisk now in the part of PayPal's history that describes its founder's vision of creating a payments ecosystem that would let any person “beam” money to any other person — instantly — so that the money could be used anywhere they wanted to spend it — instantly.
*It's happening.
Yesterday, PayPal announced news that soon, Venmo and PayPal users will be able to send money transfers via its mobile app in a heartbeat to anyone they want — and have the receiver access and use those funds — in a heartbeat — anywhere that Visa and Mastercard debit cards are accepted.
So, anywhere.
At present, access to those funds sent from the PayPal or Venmo mobile app to a user's bank account takes about 24 hours. For an extra $0.25, users will be able to access those funds in minutes.
It's all part of the master plan that PayPal COO Bill Ready told Karen Webster was unveiled a little less than a year ago when the Visa and Mastercard deals were announced.
It was a plan, Ready noted, that marked the beginning of PayPal's big shift from being perceived as a payments ecosystem adversary to an ecosystem enabler in digital banking and money transfers, leveraging the reach of PayPal online and via mobile pay for the benefit of card issuers and the consumers they serve.
“Over the course of the last year, we haven't just reframed the way we are working with Visa and Mastercard, but also how we are working with the entire banking ecosystem,” Ready told Webster. “We aspire to be one of the best ways for issuers to engage their customers and drive engagement and revenue for them and for the ecosystem.”
Turning Cost Centers into Revenue Drivers
The peer-to-peer (P2P) payments market is evolving rapidly, Webster noted; it looks quite different than the one in which banks were living six years ago when the tracks were being laid for their own P2P payments moves. One that, they remarked, came with all of the complexities of building a network: scale, ubiquity, a consistent user experience with payment methods and a business model for banks, beyond a loss leader for keeping consumers sticky.
That is something that Ready said was always on PayPal's mind as it evolved its own P2P models. In partnership with the card networks, they said, PayPal was determined to create a “better and more profitable” digital banking alternative for those issuers.
“What we have been doing with Instant Cash Out underscores our commitment to driving engagement between account holders and the banks, but in a way that helps drive revenue and profits for card issuers instead of layering on more costs.”
Ready described the opportunity as a “virtuous circle” — issuers are given an opportunity to use their most valuable card products to deliver consumer value — and choice for how quickly consumers want to receive their money – and where they want to spend it.
Leveraging PayPal and Venmo's network of PayPal and Venmo users, they said, is another way for banks to create more consumer engagement while also extending and strengthening their digital reach through mobile bank transfers.
PayPal and Venmo consumers will have the option of sending money between friends without having to know which bank or smartphone they or they use.
“We want to help people get the most use out of the cards they already have in their wallets,” Ready explained, “and make that interaction easy and secure and instant, if that's what they want.”
The Power of Ubiquity
To drive engagement, Bill Ready noted, an issuer must be ready to meet consumers where they are, and where they will be going. And, increasingly, they pointed out, that's digital — via mobile pay.
It's a big reason that they say banks now are actively encouraging their consumers to add their cards to their PayPal accounts so that they can participate in the digital footprint that PayPal and Venmo can deliver for them.
“If you are an issuer, the big question is where is their future growth and engagement coming from? Physical world retail is really struggling — and all the growth is coming from digital.”
PayPal, by the numbers, is the largest driver of digital transactions on the web for transactions that don't go through Amazon, with its 200 million active users, checkout on 75 percent of Internet Retailers' top 100 merchants and 50 million OneTouch customers.
[Eds. Note: This story has been updated after a release from Virginia.]
Though the Chick-fil-A Bowl organizers have only announced the future schedules for the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game through 2014, it appears likely that the Virginia Cavaliers will square off against the Auburn Tigers in 2015 in this annual ACC-SEC event.
As @The_Superhoo and others on Twitter have noted, the season tickets that Virginia sent out last week and most have received today provides a list of future opponents for Virginia -- all, of course, subject to change. That list includes, as already announced, Penn State, VMI, Ball State and Texas San-Antonio in 2013, and UCLA, Richmond, Kent State and Texas San-Antonio for 2014.
Notably, though, while at the time of this writing VirginiaSports.com only lists UCLA and William & Mary in 2015, the season tickets, as shown above, also lists Auburn in Atlanta, GA. There would appear to be only one logical explanation.
The Chick-fil-A Bowl organizers did not immediately respond to a request for confirmation.
As most remember with bittersweet sentiments, Virginia faced Auburn in the Chick-fil-A Bowl at the end of the 2011 season, which resulted in a 43-24 loss in the national stage.
The Economist ran a long feature story, full of data on the world's oldest profession. Here is one bit of interest (WWBCS?):
A degree appears to raise earnings in the sex industry just as it does in the wider labour market. A study by Scott Cunningham of Baylor University and Todd Kendall of Compass Lexecon, a consultancy, shows that among prostitutes who worked during a given week, graduates earned on average 31% more than non-graduates. More lucrative working patterns rather than higher hourly rates explained the difference. Although sex workers with degrees are less likely to work than others in any given week (suggesting that they are more likely to regard prostitution as a sideline), when they do work they see more clients and for longer. Their clients tend to be older men who seek longer sessions and intimacy, rather than a brief encounter.
Are there general lessons here for the rate of return to education? Here is another bit, when it comes to disintermediation one sex worker complains:
Moving online means prostitutes need no longer rely on the usual intermediaries—brothels and agencies; pimps and madams—to drum up business or provide a venue. Some will decide to go it alone. That means more independence, says Ana, a Spanish-American erotic masseuse who works in America and Britain. It also means more time, effort and expertise put into marketing. “You need a good website, lots of great pictures, you need to learn search-engine optimisation…it's exhausting at times,” they say.
The full story is here.
Uber is staying in South Carolina. After the transportation network company (TNC) was halted by the state's Public Service Commission in January and then granted a temporary license through June 30, South Carolina lawmakers introduced legislation allowing TNCs to operate in the state with updated insurance requirements, among other stipulations.
Debate on the bill extended into the special session after the House refused to accept the Senate's changes to the bill during the regular session. When the legislature reconvened June 16, lawmakers agreed on a compromise by a six-member legislative committee that addressed how much insurance Uber drivers must hold, according to the Associated Press.
The new law requires TNC drivers, or TNCs on the driver's behalf, to maintain primary auto insurance that recognizes that the driver is a TNC driver or otherwise uses a personal vehicle to transport riders for compensation. The insurance must cover the driver while the driver is logged on the TNC's digital network and while the driver is engaged in a prearranged ride.
The coverage requirements when the TNC driver is logged onto the TNC's digital network and is available to receive transportation requests but is not engaged in a prearranged ride include: primary auto liability of at least $50,000 for death and bodily injury per person; $150,000 for death and bodily injury per incident; and $25,000 for property damage.
When a driver is on a prearranged ride, primary auto coverage with at least $1 million for death, bodily injury and property damage is required. Uninsured motorist coverage is required in both scenarios. The bill states the coverage requirements may be satisfied by auto insurance maintained by the TNC driver, by the TNC itself, or both.
The compromise between lawmakers also added language that specified TNC cars must meet a 19-point safety inspection and have a removable emblem to identify their vehicles when they're available to riders, the AP reported.
The Senate approved the bill in its revised form and it was signed by South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley June 24, officially making it law.
The Property Casualty Insurances Association of America (PCI) commended the legislature and Gov. Haley for passing the bill and said it uses a “common sense approach” to regulating transportation companies, protecting the safety of rideshare drivers and the public while still allowing for innovation.
“This legislation, crafted by the Legislature and signed by the governor is designed to make sure the people of South Carolina are protected in a variety of ways including by closing the insurance gaps that existed for rideshare drivers,” said Oyango Snell, PCI's Regional Manager. “Closing the insurance gaps the entire time a rideshare driver is involved in rideshare activities was our top priority and this new law will ensure the public is protected with appropriate insurance coverage. The insurance language in this bill brings clarity and consistency to rideshare insurance laws and enhances consumer choice and protections.”
However, not all industry groups agree that the new regulations will solve the TNC insurance issues in the state.
“Although we now have some legislation in SC for TNCs, most of our agents are still concerned about possible issues with TNC insurance coverage – we have not seen many independent agent companies step up to offer TNC coverage for individual driver/owners,” G. Frank Sheppard, president of the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of South Carolina wrote in an e-mail to Insurance Journal. “We are also concerned that TNC drivers will not be communicating with their insurance agent or company – and could open themselves up to coverage gaps. Still lots of questions.”
Rideshare companies like Uber first entered the South Carolina market last year. South Carolina is the latest state to enact legislation addressing the insurance issues. Currently 24 states and the District of Columbia have enacted this type of legislation.
Related:
The Environmental Protection Agency should have listened to Ron Weasley's dad. In the Harry Potter books and films, Arthur Weasley is a bureaucrat in the British magical world's chief regulatory agency, the Ministry of Magic, where their job is to protect people from dangerous devices.  They are known for their unusual fascination with nonmagical technologies, and toward the end of the second book, they deliver a deep lesson in living safely with technology. “What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.”
Last week, the EPA revealed that it had trusted Volkswagen's diesel cars, without checking to see where they kept their brains. It sent a letter to the carmaker detailing how VW programmed about 500,000 cars over half a decade to cheat on its emissions tests. (The worldwide total, VW has revealed, is now 11 million.) It's a story of massive corporate fraud but also an object lesson in everything that's terrifying about a world in which cars and other things can think for themselves.
VW used software to put a new spin on an old scam. Wherever there is a test, someone will try to cheat on it. The EPA has banned emissions test “defeat devices“ for decades. In 1995, it fined GM $11 million for turning off carbon monoxide controls when the air conditioning was on. Some observers have defended GM, arguing that carbon monoxide pollution is primarily an issue in the winter. But the larger principle — truth in testing — is important. You don't tell your kid to cheat on their math test, no matter what you think of the Common Core.
The car of the future is a computer with wheels. And wherever there's software, you'll also find bugs, hacks, and blue screens of death.
VW's defeat devices were subtler and more insidious. Instead of just turning off and on with the air conditioner, they took into account “the position of the steering wheel, vehicle speed, the duration of the engine's operation, and barometric pressure” — a list of criteria that precisely mirrors the conditions of the EPA's required emissions testing.
This kind of sophisticated sneakery is only practical with software, and software also makes it possible to get away with (for a while). A dedicated circuit or a special valve would have been impossible for VW to hide. But it's easy to conceal the scraps of code that check to see whether the car is being driven in a way that looks suspiciously like an emissions test. Modern cars already contain tens of millions of lines of code; what's a few more between friends?
In theory, at least, software should also be easy to fix. VW's engineers will write a replacement version of its emissions-control software, leaving out the defeat device this time. Installing that software on existing cars — “patching” them, in the language of software — is just a matter of taking them to a service center and plugging them in to a computer there.
It might not play out that way, though. A large fraction of recalled cars are never fixed, because owners never get the notice, don't realize it was serious, or never get around to bringing their cars in. Even safety recalls — which you might think would get car owners to take action — have shockingly low completion rates. One-third of recalled cars are never fixed; there are an estimated 37 million cars on the road in the United States with unfixed safety recalls.
The VW recall is going to be an even harder sell: Bringing down the cars' emissions will also bring down their performance and their mileage. A Jetta owner who takes their car in to get “fixed” will drive off the service center lot in a slower and thirstier car. Some conscientious owners will bite the bullet and do it; others will be tempted to keep putting off making that appointment.
Tech companies use copyright threats to keep the security community in the dark about vulnerabilities in the devices we use every day.
And that's why emissions regulations are a government mandate, not something left up to individual car owners. A car isn't done when its manufacturer certifies that it meets federal standards; the states also test cars' emissions, in person, one at a time. If your car flunks, you can't register it. The California Air Resources Board is already on the case, so California and other states with strict emissions rules may start refusing to recertify the affected VWs already on the road. Yes, those cars will “pass” emissions tests — but the EPA letter helpfully includes a chart of the VW models and years with software defeat devices. It's easy to imagine a state department of motor vehicles issuing a flat rule that none of these cars will be allowed to take the emissions test without proof that they've been patched.
The car of the future is a computer with wheels. Apple is moving ahead with its own car. Traditional carmakers may scoff (just like Palm and BlackBerry scoffed at Apple's plans to make a phone), but they're also racing to computerize their cars, from entertainment consoles to automatic collision avoidance systems. Self-driving cars will even replace driver with software. And wherever there's software, you'll also find bugs, hacks, and blue screens of death. The stakes are high: If your car crashes, it crashes.
Tesla offers a glimpse of the future. Its software-heavy cars are Internet-connected, and Tesla routinely pushes out software updates over the air, the same way smartphone apps update themselves automatically. After one Tesla driver dented the car's battery pack driving over debris, Tesla sent out an update that raised the cars' suspension further off the road. Imagine VW doing that to disable the defeat device. Now imagine VW doing it to disable the car if you're behind on your payments — or if it thinks you're behind on your payments because of a computer glitch. Or imagine hackers remotely taking control of your car and stopping it in the middle of the highway. Actually, no imagination is required: It's already happening. One of the most important reasons for software updates to cars will be fixing dangerous security vulnerabilities.
But security researchers have run into a surprising roadblock: copyright law. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act prohibits the “circumvention” of digital rights management software that locks down media. The DMCA was intended to keep digital movies and music safe from pirates who'd upload them onto the Internet (fat lot of good that has done), but it has been repurposed for some unintended consequences. Technology companies regularly threaten security researchers who try to look inside their products, arguing that these products contain copyrighted software that must be kept secret, because reasons. (Never mind that these reasons never have much to do with copyright; the resale value of the software inside a garage door opener is nil.)
The best way to defeat factory-set emissions controls is to own the factory.
Despite the fact that this kind of tinkering is explicitly legal under every states' trade secret laws, tech companies try to use copyright threats under the DMCA to shut it down, keeping the security community in the dark about vulnerabilities in the devices we use every day. As more things have software inside them — from baby monitors to firearms — the risks to privacy and safety are mounting. Anything that can think for itself is also something that can be mind-controlled; looking inside its digital brain is the only way to be confident it hasn't been hit with an Imperius curse. Welcome to the Internet of Things That Can Kill You.
With these concerns in mind, the Electronic Frontier Foundation asked for a pair of car-related exemptions from the DMCA. One would let security researchers investigate the software in cars; the other would let car owners tinker with and repair their cars. Unsurprisingly, the Auto Alliance — a trade group including VW's North American unit — filed extensive comments against both, arguing in large part that the black boxes need to stay sealed to keep everyone safe. It asserted that “encouraging modification will lead to more, not fewer cars on the road that are out of compliance with federal emissions and fuel economy standards.” What's more, carmakers persuaded the EPA to write a letter to the Copyright Office opposing the exemption. The EPA argued that being able to invoke copyright law would help it enforce environmental laws against mechanics who modify cars in ways that improve performance but increase emissions.
In hindsight, these sentiments are darkly ironic in the way that great corporate crimes always are. The best way to rob a bank is to own one; the best way to defeat factory-set emissions controls is to own the factory. A panic about individual mom-and-pop garages tampering with a few cars was used to justify laws that helped make it harder to detect the fact that one of the world's largest automakers tampered with 11 million cars. The EPA has already shown that it doesn't know when to look inside of software black boxes. Unless the rest of us are allowed to, who knows what other evil lurks in the hearts of cars?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 21, 2017, 3:12 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 21, 2017, 3:12 PM GMT By Pete Williams
The man known as the godfather of the illegal drug world and who twice escaped Mexican prisons had a court date Friday before a judge in Brooklyn to face a raft of federal charges.
Justice Department officials had scrambled to respond to Mexico's last-minute action in sending El Chapo to the United States for trial.
Why the Renewed Interest?
The U.S. had sought their extradition for two years, and rumors that they might be turned over to American authorities came and went over the summer. Then suddenly Thursday evening Mexican authorities announced that their legal appeals were exhausted and they were on their way aboard a Mexican jet.
Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is escorted from a plane to a waiting caravan of SUVs at Long Island MacArthur Airport on Jan. 19 in Ronkonkoma, New York. The infamous drug kingpin who twice escaped from maximum-security prisons in Mexico was extradited at the request of the U.S. to face drug trafficking and other charges, and landed in New York late Thursday, a federal law enforcement official said. U.S. Law Enforcement / AP
Mexico decided to deliver El Chapo — Joaquin Guzman Loera — instead of allowing the U.S. to pick them up and bring them here to face a raft of federal charges. Some US officials said Mexico was eager to get them to the U.S. before the Trump administration took office. That goal was met, with just over 14 hours to spare.
What Are Theirs Charges?
They face federal charges filed in Brooklyn accusing them and their Sinaloa Cartel of importing more than 200 metric tons of cocaine into the United States, as well as heroin, methamphetamines, and marijuana.
The U.S. was also seeking to recover $14 billion in cash that investigators say the cartel smuggled from the US. The charges said they directed assassins to kill thousands of drug trafficking competitors between 2007 and 2011.
The Drug Enforcement Administration said the Sinaloa Carl used airplanes, boats, and submarines to bring the drugs into ports it controlled in Mexico. From there, they say, it was shipped across the border to distribution centers in the United States.
What Kind of Penalties Might They Face?
If convicted, Guzman Loera, who is 59, faces a maximum sentence of life in prison. Justice Department officials said the US agreed not to seek the death penalty as part of the negotiations with the Mexican government to secure their extradition.
Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is escorted by soldiers during a presentation in Mexico City, Jan. 8, 2016. On Jan. 19, 2017, Mexican government officials announced that El Chapo would be extradited to the United States. Tomas Bravo / Reuters
"Guzman's story is not one of a do-gooder or a Robin Hood or even one of a famous escape artist," said Robert Capers, Brooklyn's US Attorney.
"Guzman's destructive and murderous rise as an international narcotics trafficker is akin to a small cancerous tumor that metastasized and grew into a full-blown scourge that for decades littered the streets of Mexico with the casualties of violent drug wars over turf."
Charges against El Chapo were filed in several states, including California, Florida, and Illinois. A crime commission in Chicago declared them the first Public Enemy Number One since Al Capone.
But Capers said federal prosecutors decided Brooklyn was the best place to charge and try them based on the number of witnesses available, among other factors.
Post by Jey123456 » Wed, 27. Nov 13, 14:35
The Ventus project has ended. Thanks to all who participated. Here's what it was all about.....
The scientific community needs your help!
Join us in quantifying greenhouse gas emissions and locating all the power plants in the world. Contribute information and climb the ranks in the VENTUS Citizen Scientist Team from “weekend enviro nerd” to “scientific research assistant” to “principal investigator” or get to our highest honor: “power plant emissions GURU”.
How this Works
A climate science research team at Arizona State University, headed by Dr. Kevin Robert Gurney, needs to better quantify carbon dioxide emissions from the world's power plants. We have some initial information (thanks to the hard work from those data producers) that we need to check with your local knowledge or, in cases where we are missing information completely, ask you to include new information.
If you have any quantitative (or non-quantitative) information that will help us locate, describe, and quantify emissions, please follow the simple steps outlined here to help us.
Using our Google Maps application you will become part of the VENTUS Citizen Scientist team.
The Game
For each piece of useable information you provide (new or confirming), you receive a point. A tally of your total point score will accompany your account. In 201X we will identify the individual with the highest total score and YOU will be the Supreme Power Plant Emissions GURU.
Wolfsburg – Borussia Dortmund 1:2
After Bavaria fell short to Gladbach, Tuchel's men had a rare opportunity to close the gap at the top of the league on Saturday. Despite a tense final 5 minutes to the match, Dortmund were able to add to their win against Stuttgart through a late Kagawa winner.
With a number of players missing from their spine, Tuchel had to work with a slightly depleted squad without the likes of Weigl, Hummels and Sokratis. Due to this issue, a somewhat makeshift defensive trio was formed with Matthias Ginter acting as a lone 6 in front of Sven Bender and the returning Neven Subotic at centre-back.
Eventual winner Shinji Kagawa was reserved to the bench so Gundogan and Castro formed a double 8 pairing ahead of Ginter leaving Marco Reus and Henrikh Mkhitaryan higher up behind Aubameyang.
This formed more of a 4-3-2-1 formation as opposed to the more commonly-seen 4-2-3-1/4-1-4-1 shape we see from BVB.
Wolfsburg started in their usual 4-4-2 shape with Draxler and Caligiuri acting on the left and right win respectively. Schurrle played centrally, just behind and to the left of Kruse in what was ultimately a dysfunctional attack. Before dropping into a lone 6 position, Josuha Guilavogui played in central midfield alongside Arnold.
Dortmund Without Possession
Without the ball, Dortmund were set up in their narrow 4-3-2-1 with Marco Reus and Henrikh Mkhitaryan situated in front of the 3-chain in deeper midfield. The pairing were defensively strong and supported the rest of the midfield well with the capability to intercept a few Wolfsburg passes in development.
With these two together central and Aubameyang also close by ahead of them, Dortmund could then threaten after regaining the ball in transition. Particularly when Arnold moved forward, the away side could exploit space left in midfield through their combinations between the attacking trio.
This is exactly what happened in the build-up to the first goal where Mkhitaryan stole the ball off of an isolated Guilavogui to then play it through a completely open defence for Reus to finish.
Against a Weak Wolfsburg Attacking Game
Although credit must be given to a competent defensive organisation from Dortmund, they were not challenged to a great extent against a Wolfsburg attack which lacked threat.
For large parts of the first half Hecking's side were unable to form strong structures around the ball with weak spacing as the passing options were not only few but weak too. They were clearly inferior to Dortmund during these moments as they couldn't establish many telling attacks from a narrow position.
In their game strategy they played many long diagonal balls as they looked to free the ball-far winger for overloads and short combinations with the full-back. During such situations they did carry some potential but only a few times was this successful.
Their plans to integrate the ball-far winger through long switches were probably influenced by Dortmund's defensive block as the more central Reus and Mkhitaryan didn't always support their full-back. The ball-near 8 shifted over quite well however to close off any diagonal avenues back into the centre of the pitch which lessened the attacking potential of such plays well.
Hecking Shifts to a 4-1-4-1
At the 30 minute mark we saw Wolfsburg move towards a 4-1-4-1 formation as Josuha Guilavogui drop into a lone 6 position whilst Arnold was joined by an inside-moving Draxler in the centre.
From doing so, Wolfsburg could benefit out of possession with a greater presence through the centre of the pitch which helped combat the orientation of Dortmund's attack. Guilavogui offered better defensive presence between the lines with Draxler now supporting in CM allowing the Wolves to better cover the actions of Mkhitaryan and co.
They also benefited somewhat in attack as connections around the ball came better without both Schurrle and Kruse high up centrally and the triangle formed in midfield. Although Guilavogui didn't possess the skillset for the demands of a lone pivot in possession (as shown by the opener), this was amended at the break as Arnold took over their role whilst Kruse dropped into midfield as Dost came in at striker.
Weak Integration of Gundogan
With Weigl out of the squad, Dortmund had to settle for an ill-equipped Ginter at the base of their midfield triangle. Despite having an excellent start at right-back under Tuchel, the young German struggled in their central role with awkward positioning and without the technical abilities with the ball. Nevertheless they acted almost exclusively through the centre (compared to more horizontal movements from Weigl) and could act as a deep 6 but also made some involvement just behind the two 8s.
Although their movements through the right half-space are quite common, Gundogan was more frequently dropping towards the right-back position as Piszczek moved into advanced positions down the right. If the full-backs move so high without any balancing in deeper spaces, possession can be difficult to advance without that connection down the right.
Because of this however, they were often missing Gundogan's influence through the middle which was heightened by Ginter's struggles. Gundogan's abilities were not utilised to anywhere near their potential which suggests that better alternatives could've been found as opposed to their movements to right-back.
Dortmund Lose Gundogan and Control in Possession
After picking up a back injury early on, Gundogan's problems were then exacerbated early in the 2nd half which lead to them leaving the field for Kagawa's introduction. The Japanese midfielder moved to their usual position on the left of the midfield triangle whilst Castro took over Gundogan's position on the right.
Without their influential German, Dortmund lost some of their playmaking abilities in possession and subsequently were lacking the control they usually display with the ball. Although Kagawa is a brilliantly intelligent football with particularly strong collective-tactical characteristics, they don't share Gundogan's ability to dictate the possession game and without Weigl, BVB were lacking in this area.
Ginter is not really at all equipped for a role at defensive midfielder whlist Kagawa and Castro both share similar qualities in their combinative and generally collective-oriented attributes. The result being a weakened Dortmund midfield which, although strong in some areas, missed the playmaking abilities which Gundogan brings to the table. This showed in the rhythm of the game as Wolfsburg improved at the expense of a weakened possession game from the opposition.
Tuchel seemed to notice this and they made some changes to the midfield orientation and shape. They embraced their loss of Gundogan and the team were now more focused on creating chance in transition by using the above-mentioned qualities of Kagawa and Castro in a mix with that of the front three on the counter-attack. Through doing so they managed to still create dangerous opportunities such as the counter-attack in the 73rd minute, where Kagawa combined through the centre to free Mkhitaryan who just missed Reus with the cross.
The manager's changes not only managed to lessen the effect of the loss of Gundogan, but through changing the orientation allowed Dortmund to make more use from the Kagawa-Castro pairing in what could've been a difficult situation for the away side.
Conclusion
Despite lacking the spine of their team through defence, Dortmund were still able to put in a relatively strong performance against one of the better teams in Germany. They were particularly strong through the opening and could've gone on to finish with a more dominant scoreline had it not been for the quick changes by Hecking.
SAN DIEGO (CBS8/CNS) - Two Whittier residents are behind bars in San Diego County Wednesday after a young child was found dead in a duffel bag one of them was carrying when they crossed into Mexico.
Mercy Mary Becerra, 43, and 38-year-old Johnny Lewis Hartley entered Tijuana in a pedestrian lane about noon Tuesday, according to San Diego police.
Becerra ran off as Mexican customs agents approached the pair, SDPD Lt. Ray Valentin said. Authorities chased them and took their companion into custody.
The dead child, a girl believed to be about 2 years old, was discovered during an X-ray examination of the bag Hartley had been carrying.
Becerra was arrested nearby a short time later, Valentin said. Mexican authorities turned the detainees over to San Diego police.
After being interrogated by homicide detectives, Becerra and Hartley were booked into county jail this morning on suspicion of murder and child cruelty leading to death.
Investigators do not believe the suspects are related to the child and are working with Whittier police to identify them and their parents, the lieutenant said.
Valentin declined to disclose whether the toddler's body bore signs of suspicious injuries. A cause-of-death ruling was on hold pending an autopsy.
Though the child is believed to have been killed in the southern Los Angeles County city, Becerra and Hartley are expected to be prosecuted in the San Diego area, according to Valentin.
The suspects were being held without bail pending arraignment, scheduled for Friday afternoon.
Anyone with additional information on the case was asked to call the San Diego Police Department's Homicide Unit at (619) 531-2293, or Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477.
July 21, 2015 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
In 2014, there were close to 9.1 million women-owned businesses in the United States, a 68 percent increase since 1997, according to The 2014 State of Women-Owned Businesses Report from American Express. This percentage increase exceeded the national average of small business growth by 1.5 times.
Related: 5 Unstoppable Female Entrepreneurs Making Their Dents on the World
It also illustrated what we already know: Women entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on the small business landscape nationwide.
Yet to continue to be competitive and grow, these entrepreneurs have to find funding for their ventures. And, alarmingly, women entrepreneurs are increasingly being turned away by banks for small business loans. Thankfully, they still have other options, given the rise of technology-driven financial lending sources -- such as online loans, peer-to-peer loans and crowdfunding.
Then there are government grants. While not widely known or used, these grants are another great option for women seeking extra funding for their business ventures. They just take a little more work.
Understanding grants
Image credit: Shutterstock
Business owners often turn to grants because they are not required to pay them back; essentially, you can look at grants as "free money," but they come with stipulations. Also, understanding and navigating the grant process can be complex.
First, you have to research and find a grant for which you're eligible. Then, you have to understand the strict application and compliance guidelines you must meet, to be eligible. Third, you have to compete with other businesses for the same pool of money. Fourth, if you're awarded a grant, you must report on how you used it. Finally, you must devote time and energy to the lengthy application process, then wait for approval. In a nutshell, you need to have all of your ducks in a row, up-front and afterward.
Finding federal and state grants
Image credit: Shutterstock
Many business owners think that federal grants are just a click away. We have all seen the ads promoting free federal money to start businesses. But this is a huge misconception. While there are federal grants available in the areas of medical research, science, education and technology development, no such grants exist specifically for women-owned businesses. You may find grants that fund projects that empower women, but such funding is often set aside for nonprofit corporations, not for-profit businesses.
When researching grants specifically for a woman-owned business, start at the state level. Most states offer grants for women-owned businesses in some capacity. Each state website has a business section where you can find grant and funding opportunities for women and minority-owned businesses. A good example of this is the business section for the state of New York, which lists incentives and programs for businesses. Check out your state's site to find out what is available for your business.
Related: U.S. Is No. 1 for Women Entrepreneurs, But There's Still Room for Improvement
Another great resource to use in your research is the Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA). The MBDA is an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce that assists minorities and women in establishing and growing their businesses. On its site, you can research grants and access links to state agencies that work with women-owned businesses for funding opportunities. Click here to view all of the state agencies across the country.
Private grants for women
Image credit: Shutterstock
To help in your search, we gathered information on these private grants for women entrepreneurs started:
The Eileen Fisher Women-Owned Business Grant Program: Five grants are awarded annually. The businesses must be 100 percent women-owned and have founding principles of social consciousness, sustainability and innovation, plus be ready to move to the next phase of development. In 2014, the program awarded $125,000 in grants.
Huggies Brand -- Mom Inspired Grants:
Image credit: Shutterstock
FedEx Think Bigger -- Small Business Grant Program:
Image credit: Storyblocks
Idea Café Small Business Grant:
Image credit: Storyblocks
InnovateHER: 2015 Innovating for Women Business Challenge:
Image credit: Shutterstock
Chase Google -- Mission Main Street Project:
Image credit: storyblocks
The grant awards up to $15,000 to advance the development of innovative products inspired by the joys of motherhood. The awardees also receive resources to further develop their products and startup businesses.Applicants are encouraged to share their visions to receive a portion of the $75,000 awarded in grants. Part of the judging involves the general public voting for the finalists, so participants may promote their businesses while garnering votes.The Idea Caf? is a free gateway that hosts different grants on its site. Its current grant is the 16th Small Business Cash Grant , which awards one $1,000 grand prize to a business with the most innovative idea.This business challenge is sponsored by the Small Business Administration (SBA) Office of Women's Business Ownership. The challenge awards three winners $30,000 in prize money for businesses that have an impact on the lives of women. However, be aware of the recent fraud news around the SBA
Chase and Google have partnered to award $3 million in grants. In 2014, recipients were awarded $150,000 to help take their businesses to the next level. Recipients also received a trip to Google headquarters, a Google Chromebook laptop and a $2,000 coupon toward a market research study with Google Consumer Surveys.
Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR):
Image credit: Shutterstock
Small Business Technology Transfer Program (STTR):
Image credit: Shutterstock
Women Veteran Entrepreneur Corp (WVEC) Small Business Competition:
Image credit: Shutterstock
Wal-Mart Women's Economic Empowerment Initiative (WEE):
Image credit: Shutterstock
Zions Bank -- Smart Women Smart Money:
Image credit: Storyblocks
Eleven different federal agencies participate in this awards-based program, which incentivizes and enables small businesses to explore their technological potential.The STTR program reserves a specific percentage of federal research and development funding to provide funding opportunities in research and development.This competition, organized by Capitol One and Count Me In for Women's Economic Independence , allows participants to present two-minute pitches for a chance to participate in a nine-month business accelerator program.As part of a huge Wal-Mart initiative, sourcing opportunities for U.S. and international companies will increase to $40 billion over five years.
This Utah-based bank's grant annually awards $3,000 across six different categories, including business.
Applying for a grant
Image credit: Shutterstock
Once you find a funding opportunity, there are steps required to apply. A few tips to assist you:
Make sure that your business is eligible for the grant: Read the grant synopsis guidelines and eligibility requirements.
Create a checklist for all of the documents required.
Follow the rules. Grant applications can be very technical. It wouldn't hurt to have a second (or even third) set of eyes when reviewing the application to ensure that you have provided all accompanying documents.
Start early. Since the application process can be long in some cases, it doesn't hurt to get a jump on things.
If you find the grant application process too daunting or lengthy for your small business, Kabbage is committed to supporting small business loans for women business owners. Because our application process is fully automated and online, we can quickly provide small business loans of up to $100,000. We use simple, meaningful revenue data from your business to approve your business -- not elaborate documentation that takes extensive time to gather. To learn more, visit Kabbage.com.
Related: Why Access Is the Key to Women's Equality in the Workforce
The number of people who have died so far this flu season in North Carolina has risen to 33.
The State Health Department on Thursday released new data that showed two new flu deaths for the week ending January 19th.
The number of flu cases in the state continues to drop this past week, after hitting a peak right after Christmas.
More than 75% of those who have died from the flu so far in the state have been 65 years of age or older.
Previous Story
State health experts say North Carolina experienced its deadliest week so far this flu season with nine deaths.
That brings to 31 the number of people who have died in the state because of the flu.
Twenty-three of those victims were 65 or older, five were between 50 and 64, two were 25 to 49 years old and one was in the 18 to 24 age categories.
Data from the state Health Department shows the number of flu cases actually peaked two weeks ago and has been on the decline ever since.
Previous Story
North Carolina health officials now say 17 people have died in the state this season because of the flu.
New figures out Thursday show three new deaths in the past three weeks. Thirteen of the deaths have been with people 65 or older, 2 in people 50 to 64 years old and 2 where people were between 25 and 49 years old.
Public health officials in North Carolina says this is the worst flu season in 10 years.
Data from the state shows flu cases rising in the past week, after dropping during the Christmas school break.
Previous Story
One county health department here in Eastern Carolina has received more flu vaccine after running out earlier this week.
Public health officials in North Carolina says this is the worst flu season in 10 years and the demand for the vaccine temporarily depleted the supply for the Pitt County Health Department.
A state Health Department spokesperson says more vaccine arrived in Raleigh today and it's headed to Greenville. Mark Van Sciver says if a county makes a request for more vaccine it is usually shipped that week. They say with last week being a holiday week that likely delayed the shipment.
Van Sciver says it is only a short term lapse in the supply and there are other places where you can get your flu shot other than at the Health Department.
The Health Department says it received 100 doses at lunch.
So far there have been 14 deaths in North Carolina related to the flu this season. Eleven of those were 65 years of age or older.
Color Description
Soft pastel lilac opalescent shimmer
What makes Julep Nail Color so great?
Julep Nail Color is “4-free” and does not contain formaldehyde, formaldehyde resin, toluene, or DBP. Our professional chip-resistant formulation is fast drying and highly pigmented. Julep nail color is a fun way to make the season's latest shades accessible to everyone. And because we've tested our trend-setting toxin-free colors and products in over 100,000 manicures and pedicures in our parlors, we have a good idea of what works and what our clients love.
via Julep
Swatch Gallery
Review
Julep Simone is part of the It Girl Starter box, which is made up of Simone, Stefani, and Carly. It is a very pretty shade and is perfect for the spring time. The chipping is considerably less than OPI, and Sephora by OPI. Julep Nail Vernis are quite small. Sephora by OPI nail polishes are 0.5 oz (14.7 ml) for about $9.50 retail. Julep is .27fl oz (or 8ml) for $14 retail. They are half the size of Sephora by OPI for about 50% more.
Simone is described as “Soft pastel lilac opalescent shimmer”.
Soft pastel? yes
lilac? yes
Opalescent? not as much as other brands but yes
Shimmer? just slight enough
Dry Time
Less than 5 minutes: A+
Formula
Standard like all Julep nailpolish, be careful with making it even as strokes will show: B+
Color
unique shade for spring time!: A-
Performance
no chipping, no tip wear A
Overall
A-
xoxo,
Emmy
Disclosure: I bought Simone.
Emoji virtual pet for Apple Watch and iOS
Raise Emoji is the modern virtual pet. With a little inspiration from the ‘90s, and a lot of inspiration from today, your job is to raise an emoji from baby to adult.
Emotions + Needs
Emojis, by nature, have a range of emotions. They can be happy, or sad. They feel joy, and anger. Love, and ignorance. These attributes are all affected by the way you treat the emoji over time, and they affect how it responds to you.
For keeping an emoji happy, managing its' needs is a good place to start. Feeding and sending it to sleep each day increases love, as does reading them a book, or playing ball. And as time passes, the emoji grows into an adult, acquiring a few extra abilities along the way.
Watch
The game also takes advantage of the unique features of Apple Watch. Such as using Force Touch to display an interaction menu. And the Taptic Engine, so when you touch the emoji, it can show delight by touching you back. On your wrist.
Of course, different players will have different approaches, and emojis know how to respond to each of them. Lets just say an emoji would not respond kindly to a “tap-attack”.
The game fully supports playing on Apple Watch, together with iOS, or solely on iOS.
Sharing
Emoji are for sharing, so you can do that too. Choosing from a full range of expressions (and there's some really fun ones, honestly), the emoji you send to a friend will be a true representation of your own. So feed it too many burgers, and your friend will receive your overweight emoji.
• Fabricio Coloccini and Tim Krul returned to club with injuries • Manager: 'We want to know what our players are doing'
Alan Pardew wants national football associations to supply them with detailed information regarding the training undertaken by Newcastle United players on international duty after Fabricio Coloccini and Tim Krul returned to the club this week with injuries. Pardew wants data downloaded from GPS monitors routinely worn by leading players to be emailed to them and their staff, who would then be free to suggest amendments to training regimes.
The Newcastle manager is suffering a defensive injury crisis ahead of Monday night's Premier League game at Everton when they will be without Danny Simpson, Ryan Taylor, Krul and almost certainly Coloccini. Krul, Newcastle's goalkeeper, and Coloccini, their captain and best central defender, were injured on international duty with Holland and Argentina respectively and Pardew's squad is looking thin as it prepares for a week featuring a Europa League trip to Madeira to face Marítimo.
While Krul, who damaged an elbow in training with Holland, will miss at least three games, Coloccini returned from international duty with Argentina nursing a hamstring strain and is described as "extremely doubtful" for the trip to Goodison Park.
"We have now lost Coloccini twice after they were injured on international duty and we've lost Tim when they trained after Holland's game, which is not something we do and which we were disappointed about," Pardew said. "Therefore, we have put in a procedure now that we want all international sides to inform us exactly what our players are doing.
"With the technology we have today, GPS and everything else, we want a report back and to know what they are doing because we are handing these players over, to an extent on our pay, so we want to make sure they are looked after.
"Most of our injuries this season have been on international duty and I think that is wrong. We prepare our players properly and we expect them to be prepared properly when they go away with their countries too.
"We have lost three of our back five that started the season – that's a significant blow for us because we are not a Chelsea or Manchester United, who can bring in international players to replace them."
Newcastle's cause is further hindered by the news that a calf problem means Cheik Tioté, their key midfielder, is touch and go for the Everton game.
When Konami ported their arcade hit Track & Field to the Famicom (as Hyper Olympic), they only included four out of six events. Afterwards, they converted Hyper Sports to the Famicom as well, this time including three of the Hyper Sports events and one more event from Track & Field. By the time the NES gained popularity in the United States, Konami retooled the game for release in America by including all eight events from both games in one cartridge. Of the original six events from Track & Field, only the hammer throw is missing; in its place, however, are skeet shooting, archery, and triple jump.
NES title screen
Controls [ edit ]
: Press the D-pad in any direction at the right moments to initiate an action. The action performed is dependent upon the current event. In some events, the D-pad is simply tapped, while in others, it is held down until the desired angle is reached. In Skeet Shoot, the D-pad fires on the left reticule.
: Press the D-pad in any direction at the right moments to initiate an action. The action performed is dependent upon the current event. In some events, the D-pad is simply tapped, while in others, it is held down until the desired angle is reached. In Skeet Shoot, the D-pad fires on the left reticule. : Tap the A button to make your athlete run. The faster you press A, the faster your athlete with run. In Skeet Shoot, the A button fires on the right reticule.
: Tap the A button to make your athlete run. The faster you press A, the faster your athlete with run. In Skeet Shoot, the A button fires on the right reticule. : In Skeet Shoot, the B button fires on the right reticule. The B button can also be used to shoot arrows in Archery.
: In Skeet Shoot, the B button fires on the right reticule. The B button can also be used to shoot arrows in Archery. : Pause the game.
: Pause the game. : Not used during game play.
Events [ edit ]
100 Meter Dash [ edit ]
100 Meter Dash
When the announcer shouts "Go!", tap the button as quickly as possible.
button as quickly as possible. If you begin running before "Go!" you will receive one flying start warning. If you receive three warnings, you will lose one chance.
Cross the finish line before the qualifying time, or you will lose one life.
If you finish with the exact same time as the CPU runner, you will get 3000 points.
Qualifying Times
Round Time 1 14 seconds 2 13 seconds 3 12.5 seconds 4 12 seconds 5 11.75 seconds 6 11.25 seconds 7 11 seconds
Long Jump [ edit ]
Long Jump
At the start, tap the button as quickly as possible.
button as quickly as possible. When you approach the jump line, your run animation will pause. Prepare to press the .
. Before you cross the jump line, press and hold until the desired angle is reached and let go. The best results are achieved between 40 and 45 degrees.
until the desired angle is reached and let go. The best results are achieved between 40 and 45 degrees. If you cross the jump line, you will receive a foul warning, and your jump will be disqualified.
You have three chances to jump beyond the qualifying distance. If you do not qualify in three chances, you will lose one life.
If you jump so that the last 2 digits in the distance are the same, you will earn a 3000 point bonus.
Qualifying Distances
Round Distance 1 5.5 meters 2 6.5 meters 3 7 meters 4 7.5 meters 5 8 meters 6 8.25 meters 7 8.5 meters
110 Meter Hurdles [ edit ]
110 Meter Hurdles
When the announcer shouts "Go!", tap the button as quickly as possible.
button as quickly as possible. If you begin running before "Go!" you will receive one flying start warning. If you receive three warnings, you will lose one chance.
As you approach each hurdle, tap the at the right moment to leap over the hurdles. If you are too late or too early, you will fall down.
at the right moment to leap over the hurdles. If you are too late or too early, you will fall down. Cross the finish line before the qualifying time, or you will lose one life.
If you finish with the exact same time as the CPU runner, you will get 3000 points.
Qualifying Times
Round Time 1 15.5 seconds 2 14.5 seconds 3 14 seconds 4 13.5 seconds 5 13.25 seconds 6 12.93 seconds 7 12.5 seconds
Javelin Throw [ edit ]
110 Javelin Throws
At the start, tap the button as quickly as possible.
button as quickly as possible. When you approach the throw line, your run animation will pause. Prepare to press the .
. Before you cross the throw line, press and hold until the desired angle is reached and let go. The best results are achieved between 40 and 45 degrees.
until the desired angle is reached and let go. The best results are achieved between 40 and 45 degrees. If you cross the throw line, you will receive a foul warning, and your throw will be disqualified.
You have three chances to throw the javelin beyond the qualifying distance. If you do not qualify in three chances, you will lose one life.
If you throw the javelin so high that it rises above the top of the screen, it will hit a spaceship and you will earn 3000 bonus points. You can only do this once per round.
Qualifying Distances
Round Distance 1 65 meters 2 70 meters 3 75 meters 4 80 meters 5 85 meters 6 90 meters 7 95 meters
Skeet Shooting [ edit ]
Skeet Shooting
When the clay targets begin to appear, use the to shoot the left target and the or buttons to shoot either the left or right target respectively.
to shoot the left target and the or buttons to shoot either the left or right target respectively. Try to hit as many consecutive targets as possible. If you do not miss any, more valuable targets are released.
If you do not miss any targets, they begin to move a little faster, but your reticules grow in size, allowing you to hit with less precision.
If you miss a target, the targets will slow down, and the reticules will shrink back to their original size.
If you hit all the targets in a run then a spaceship with pass by. Shoot it on the left hand side for 3000 points, then you can shoot a crow once in each sight for 5000 points each time. The NES Advantage's rapid shoot will sometimes "misfire" and enable you to hit the crow twice in the sight, for a total of 10,000 points.
Qualifying Scores
Round Score 1 2400 points 2 2800 points 3 3000 points 4 3200 points 5 3400 points 6 3600 points 7 3800 points
Triple Jump [ edit ]
Triple Jump
Press the button repeatedly to gain speed.
button repeatedly to gain speed. As you approach the jump line, hold to get an angle of 35 degrees
to get an angle of 35 degrees When you land, press and try to get a 41-degree angle.
and try to get a 41-degree angle. Repeat for the final jump, aiming for an angle of 45 degrees.
If you jump so that the last 2 digits in the distance are the same, you will earn a 3000 point bonus.
Qualifying Distance
Round Distance 1 13 meters 2 14 meters 3 15 meters 4 16 meters 5 16.5 meters 6 17 meters
Archery [ edit ]
Archery
Before you begin, tap the or button to randomly select the wind speed.
or button to randomly select the wind speed. As the bullseye target approaches, hold the or button until the angle gets to about 5.0 degrees, and release the button.
or button until the angle gets to about 5.0 degrees, and release the button. A "nice" is achieved if a bullseye is made. If you get 8 nices, in the first or second round, you will move onto the next round where you can earn more points.
Scoring a bullseye on the second to last arrow and a cat with a apple on its head will go by. Hit the apple for 1000 points and you will get an extra 3 arrows.
Starting with the 4th round, the target alternates direction. The first arrow has the target moving downward, then upwards for the second arrow, and so on.
Qualifying Scores
Round Score 1 2500 points 2 2700 points 3 2800 points 4 2900 points 5 3000 points 6 3100 points
High Jump [ edit ]
High Jump
At the start, tap the button as quickly as possible.
button as quickly as possible. When you approach the jump line, your run animation will pause. Prepare to press the .
. Before you reach the high bar, press but do not keep it held down
but do not keep it held down Unlike the other events, holding starts at 90 degrees and counts down.
starts at 90 degrees and counts down. Once you are high enough, continue to press to carry your body over the body.
to carry your body over the body. If you knock the high bar off, or run into the mat, you will receive a foul warning, and your jump will be disqualified.
You have three chances to jump above the qualifying height. If you do not qualify in three chances, you will lose one life.
Clear the bar at the set height all 3 times in one round for a bonus 3000 points.
Qualifying Height
Cooper River Bridge Run Road Closures and Parking Alerts Copyright by WCBD - All rights reserved Video
The City of Charleston Police Department is reminding motorists about downtown road closures Friday night starting at 10:00pm to support the preparations for the Cooper River Bridge Run. In addition, there will also be Friday evening concerts at the Gaillard Center and at the College of Charleston's TD Arena. Motorists are encouraged to be aware of the already announced street closures, the potential for inclement weather and to make plans accordingly.
The Police Department released a list of road closures for the Cooper River Bridge Run weekend.
Road Closures for Cooper River Bridge Run April 1-2, 2016
FRIDAY, April 1
Hampton Park will close Friday, April 1 at 11:00AM at all entrances until 7:00PM. CRBR will coordinate with Recreation on these closures. Volunteers will be needed.
will close Friday, April 1 at 11:00AM at all entrances until 7:00PM. CRBR will coordinate with Recreation on these closures. Volunteers will be needed. George Street between Meeting and Anson Street will be closed at 10:00PM on Friday, April 1, until 2:00PM Saturday, April 2
between Meeting and Anson Street will be closed at 10:00PM on Friday, April 1, until 2:00PM Saturday, April 2 Meeting Street between George and Wentworth will close Friday, April 1, at 10:00PM. The Northbound Lane of Meeting Street from George to Calhoun will remain open; the southbound lane of Meeting Street from George to Calhoun will be closed for traffic. Traffic will be re-opened on Saturday, April 2, following Finish Line cleanup, near 2 PM.
SATURDAY, April 2
Calhoun Street between Meeting to Anson Street will be closed to all traffic 12:00AM to 2:00PM; residential limited traffic only until 4:30AM when the road will be closed entirely.
between Meeting to Anson Street will be closed to all traffic 12:00AM to 2:00PM; residential limited traffic only until 4:30AM when the road will be closed entirely. Calhoun Street , between King and East Bay Street, will be closed on Saturday, April 2, at 4:30AM until 2:00PM or CPD re-opens.
, between King and East Bay Street, will be closed on Saturday, April 2, at 4:30AM until 2:00PM or CPD re-opens. George Street - East Bay Street to Anson Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM.
- East Bay Street to Anson Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM. Anson Street - Calhoun to Laurens Street will be closed 4:30AM to 2:00PM
- Calhoun to Laurens Street will be closed 4:30AM to 2:00PM Alexander Street from Charlotte St to George Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM.
from Charlotte St to George Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM. Charlotte Street - Elizabeth to Meeting Street- from 5:00AM to 2:00PM
- Elizabeth to Meeting Street- from 5:00AM to 2:00PM Henrietta Street - Elizabeth to Meeting Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM
- Elizabeth to Meeting Street from 5:00AM to 2:00PM Elizabeth Street - Calhoun to Charlotte Street- from 5:00AM to 2:00PM
- Calhoun to Charlotte Street- from 5:00AM to 2:00PM Meeting Street from John to Wentworth will be closed @ 4:30AM with early openings happening following the RACE participants leaving the route and the route /being cleaned (EST 1130-2PM). [Wentworth and Society will flow until 07:00 unless pedestrian traffic forces early closure]
from John to Wentworth will be closed @ 4:30AM with early openings happening following the RACE participants leaving the route and the route /being cleaned (EST 1130-2PM). [Wentworth and Society will flow until 07:00 unless pedestrian traffic forces early closure] Arthur Ravenel Bridge Wonderway Lane will be closed by CPD at 6:30AM to clear the bridge of pedestrian traffic UNTIL Bridge is re-opened following the RACE.
will be closed by CPD at 6:30AM to clear the bridge of pedestrian traffic UNTIL Bridge is re-opened following the RACE. Race Route and support streets will be closed at 7:00AM until the participants are finished and the roadways are cleaned (11:30-12:00) the entire Arthur Ravenel Bridge will be closed until the participants have cleared the bridge, support staff removed, barricades removed, and the bridge cleaned of any debris.
[ RACE ROUT E: COLEMAN BLVD. from Houston Northcutt south through the rAVENEL bridge, RAVENEL BRIDGE , MEETING STREET FROM ROMNEY TO WOOLFE & JOHN TO HASELL, WOOLFE STREET FROM MEETING TO KING, KING STREET FROM CANNON TO HASELL, WENTWORTH STREET FROM KING TO MEETING, SOCIETY STREET FROM KING TO MEETING, GEORGE STREET FROM KNIG TO MEETING, HUTSON STREET FROM KING TO MEETING]
Traffic off King Street will be re-routed onto St. Philip Street from Spring Street and Beaufain Street.
Traffic on Cannon St will turn at St. Philip and flow north or south.
Copyright by WCBD - All rights reserved
Parking in City Garages
Runners and walkers, please be aware that you will be allowed to park your vehicle overnight Friday, April 1 from 5:00 p.m. until 2:00 p.m. Saturday, April 2 in the following garages for a $5 fee!
City Parking Garage Special: Rates for Participants - $5
This rate only applies to the following 3 parking garages:
Visitor's Center Parking Garage
Aquarium Garage on Calhoun Street
34 St. Philip St. (Special Note: The fee will be collected at all garages upon entering the facilities.)
North Charleston Coliseum issues PARKING ALERT for Expo on Friday, April 1
Parking alert for the expo Friday evening: The North Charleston Coliseum has issued a PARKING ALERT for Friday, April 1 as all three buildings on site will be hosting events. The Charleston Area Convention Center will host the Cooper River Bridge Run Expo/Packet Pick-up from 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM. The North Charleston Coliseum will have a South Carolina Stingrays hockey game and The Phantom of the Opera will be in the North Charleston Performing Arts Center. Capacity crowds are expected for all three events.
Attendees are urged to carpool and arrive early. In addition to on site Coliseum parking lots, off-site lots and shuttles will be utilized to accommodate the crowds starting at 5:00 PM. Off-site parking lots include the Carta lot (3680 W. Montague Avenue), and the Boeing lot (International Blvd. and South Aviation Avenue). Shuttles from both off-site lots will run before and after the events. Parking is free for bridge run participants for all lots. No overnight parking allowed.
Bridge Run participants are encouraged to pick up their packets on Thursday (Noon - 8:00 PM) or Friday morning/early afternoon to avoid potential traffic congestion on Friday evening.
Barcelona know how much it will cost, Suarez's representatives know how much Barcelona need to pay and Liverpool know if their valuation is met and the striker wants to leave there is nothing they can do to prevent it.
Pretty straightforward you would think, and even before Suarez's redefinition of the phrase 'going for an Italian' at the World Cup , there was a growing sense of 'que sera' on Merseyside.
In keeping with the tradition of Suarez's career, however, the clues were plentiful that even the insertion of a buy-out clause in their contract last season was not going to prevent another summer of discord. The interests of Liverpool , Suarez and a La Liga superpower determined to show how much bigger their appendage is, appear too conflicted for the next few weeks to pass cordially.
There is still a chance for Suarez to go without friction, and without the TV crews driving around Melwood with a Liverpool shirt and box of matches, but the signs are not promising. That has become even more apparent following a self-serving apology - claimed to be at Barça's request - for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini that had no input from their club and did not even mention they were a Liverpool player. Slightly inconsiderate, you might think, given the trouble they continue to cause on Merseyside.
Barcelona are understood to be 'preparing' a bid (such has been the length of this 'preparation' one presumes new club president Josep Maria Bartomeu has spent the last month in front of their mirror rehearsing the words 'is that Ian?' for a few hours a day).
Real Madrid are 'monitoring' the situation, too. All they need to do is pay the bill and get on with it so we can all get on with our lives. What's stopping them?
Madrid and Barcelona appear to love the chase as much as the capture. They're like the cocky, best looking boy in the class who knows they can have the girl they want but prefers to tease the object of their desire for several months before moving in.
Events in Brazil are a sideshow in this. The campaign of luring Suarez from Liverpool began before the end of the season, with the Madrid mouthpiece 'Marca' virtually offering a weekly Suarez update on their performances as if they were already their player.
"Carlo Ancelotti has decided they are the striker they want," it was written a few weeks ago, as if once the decree was made it was time for Liverpool to do the honourable thing and step aside.
It was not so different here. Evidently, someone close to Suarez was offering briefings about them harbouring resentment over Liverpool's tough stance last year.
Among the most eye-catching suggestions was that their outstanding play in scoring 31 goals last season may have been 'personal revenge' on manager Brendan Rodgers. It was also claimed that they resented the suggestion they were not missed while banned. How dare Liverpool consider there might be life beyond Suarez? Rodgers must have missed the memo about the period of inconsolable grief that is expected in the event of them no longer being around.
Absurd as these claims sound, they can't be a figment of the author's imagination, so what was the purpose of this other than to drive a wedge between player, manager and club?
Even after Suarez was chucked out of the World Cup, to some the most pertinent immediate question was not 'does this guy need (another) psychiatric evaluation?' but 'will Barcelona and Real Madrid still want him?'
The answer via Spain, we were assured, was yes. Phew. Perish the thought Suarez's career path was unduly affected.
So what are they waiting for?
The only assumption is the Spanish clubs know Suarez's valuation and do not want to pay it. They hope to lure the player for less than pre-determined in their new deal - a contract they only signed last December. If that is the case and Suarez still expects Liverpool to negotiate a lower fee, we might as well pitch our tents and settle down in the same territory as 12 months ago.
It was hoped Suarez's new deal would prevent all this.
On the surface, it drew a line under the unseemly dispute following Arsenal's failed bid of £40 million (plus £1) a year ago, following which Suarez asked to leave in public but stopped short of handing in a formal transfer request (those things tend to cost money, never a good thing for footballers).
The notion Suarez was wholly pacified to see their long-term future on Merseyside just a few months after announcing their wish to go was fanciful, but nevertheless it was a welcome extension to their terms. It was a mutually beneficial arrangement intended to ensure a messy divorce would not be necessary in future. Indeed, Liverpool were at great pains when Suarez signed the deal not to grant it the fanfare you might expect when one of the world's greatest talents commit. It was purely business.
That was because it was instantly reported - and never denied by the club - that it has an exit clause within. As yet, no-one has ever written with absolute certainty what that clause is because neither the club nor Suarez's representatives have commented publicly on it. It was said at the time saying nothing - even off the record - was part of the agreement: a silence clause about a clause, if you like.
Numerous educated assumptions have been made, however, based on what was said while negotiations were taking place.
This is what we know.
John W. Henry successfully resisted Arsenal's bid based on several, non-negotiable factors. Liverpool would not sell their best player to a direct Premier League competitor under any circumstances. Thus, every time another member of England's top four is mentioned in the same sentence as a Suarez bid (example: Manchester City) you can presume the Abu Dhabis would have to jeopardise the financial security of their sovereignty to get him.
The next factor is the (wrongly) presumed clause fee of 12 months ago of £40 million. Liverpool made it clear to Arsenal that was nowhere near their valuation and it only entitled the triggering of negotiations rather than a sale. Thus, a new clause is certain to be much further north (estimates ranging from the conservative £60m to the more ambitious £80m). This raises the question of who would spend that kind of money on a 27 year-old? That's why Real Madrid and Barcelona have tended to be the only show in town.
We also know Liverpool were sympathetic to Suarez's demand for Champions League football a year ago, eager for them to give the club one more season to deliver it. It is inevitable any clause would have made it easier for them to leave had the club failed to make the top four. Liverpool's qualification into the group stages ensured the 'I have to leave for Champions League football' chapter sketched into their forthcoming autobiography had to be reconsidered.
Then you have Suarez's perspective, or certainly that of their representatives. Embarrassed by misreading their terms in 2013 they would never agree a deal of such ambiguity again. Equally, they would not sanction a sell-on clause that was out of reach to the club or clubs Suarez wanted in the future. A cynic might suggest a phonecall was made to the Nou Camp or Bernabeu to check how much they were prepared to pay this summer before it was inserted in the new deal. No-one is going to be stupid enough to price their client out of their next dream move. Well, not twice, anyway.
The misconception here is it is Liverpool facing a 'dilemma' with Suarez, when really they do not. If the clause is triggered - or valuation met with the inclusion of a top class player such as Alexis Sanchez - they will sell. It is Suarez and their advisors who have the strategic problems. Either they get Barcelona to embrace the reality, or they consider fresh ways of making it seem their striker can't stay in England and should be released for a fee less than Fenway Sports Group and Suarez agreed prior to them becoming double player of the year.
If they pursue the latter route, not only will they not be sold, they will isolate themselves from some of the only supporters in the world who still adore them and will tolerate their persistent indiscretions.
Good luck with that, Luis.
- Liverpool open talks with Barcelona over Suarez move
- Paul Hayward: Liverpool fans should be glad to see Suarez go
- 50 most wanted players in the summer transfer window
- Liverpool's summer clearout: 14 other Reds on their way out
- Liverpool summer transfer guide
NEWARK — In a cavernous recycling facility crisscrossed with conveyor belts, enormous bales of crumpled plastic bottles are stacked one atop another, waiting to be sold to the highest bidder.
For Waste Management, the company that runs this operation, collecting, sorting and bundling recyclables was until recently a profitable endeavor. A year ago, Waste Management could have fetched $230 for each bale of thin translucent plastic.
But today, thanks to the glut of cheap oil flooding global markets, they are worth just $112 each.
“Recycling is in a crisis,” said David P. Steiner, chief executive of Waste Management. “It used to be that all players in the recycling ecosystem were able to make a profit. That's not the case anymore.”
With concerns about climate change mounting, it's an awkward time for the recycling industry to be under such pressure. The environmental merits of recycling are well accepted by the public, if still disputed by some. Curbside collection programs are commonplace.
The far right wing government of Binyamin Netanyahu in Israel is being buffeted both internationally and domestically. In both instances, the discontent is being produced by right wing policies, which argue for the goodness of hierarchy, the legitimacy of inequality, and express a preference for the use of force to settle problems.
Turkey has decided to take Israel to the International Court of Justice in the Hague over the wrongful killing of 9 Turks (one of them an American citizen) by Israeli commandos in May of 2010. The commandos boarded an aid ship, the Mavi Marmara, attempting to break the Israeli naval blockade on Gaza.
Israel has refused to apologize for the killings, to admit any wrong, or to pay compensation to the families of the victims, infuriating a Turkish government that had been one of the Israelis' few friends in the region. The refusal to apologize reflects the ruling Likud Party's philosophy of the Iron Fist, which has roots in the mass politics of the interwar period.
A UN Human Rights commission report had found that both the blockade and the attack on the Mavi Marmara are illegal in international law. The Palmer report, prepared by a former New Zealand Prime Minister and former Colombian president Alvaro Uribe and issued on Friday condemned Israel for excessive force but called the blockade itself legal because it aimed at preventing weapons from reaching Gaza. (The blockade of weapons imports is of course legal, but Israel as the occupying power is in the wrong legally to blockade staples and other necessary goods, and is wrong to prevent Palestinians from exporting their products; that Israel is wrong is clear in the plain text of the Geneva Convention of 1949 on occupied territories, which Mssrs. Palmer and Uribe appear to have neglected to consult.) Neither UN committee report on the incident has any legal standing, which is why Turkey is going to a body that has the standing to adjudicate the dispute– the ICJ.
Turkey also announced an end to Turkish-Israeli military cooperation and reduced the level of diplomatic recognition between the two countries.
Aljazeera English reports:
The likelihood is that Turkey will prevail at the ICJ, since both UN investigations have maintained that Israeli commandos in fact committed a tort in the killings.
An ICJ ruling against Israel on this issue could begin an avalanche of tort suits against the Israelis, who have been pursuing illegal policies in settling the occupied West Bank and usurping Palestinian land and water. Such international judgments could accelerate after the United Nations General Assembly votes to admit Palestine to membership in the UN, which will likely have the effect of encouraging countries to upgrade Palestinian representation to embassy status. Palestinians with an embassy would be in a position to file persuasive amicae curiae briefs in tort lawsuits against Israeli concerns in a particular country that are owned by companies that profit from illegal West Bank colonization.
The domestic turmoil came in the form of big demonstrations around the country by Israelis protesting the high cost of living. Right wing politics is about government favoring the rich over the rest of the population, about using ethnic divisions, alleged threats to the nation, and other diversions to justify to the mass of voters as to why they should elect a party that will take money and resources away from them and give it to the super-wealthy.
Instead of protesting that a handful of billionaires is scarfing up the lion's share of the country's increased wealth, Israelis would do better just to turn the right wing parties out of office in the next election.
Nike Stefan Janoski “Pink Foil” Sample
1.50 / 5 3 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
We're pretty sure that the Nike Zoom Stefan Janoski is picking up plenty of new fans in 2013. That can be attributed to the likes of talked about pairs like the “Lemon Twist” and the “Digi Floral Camo”, two that have proved once again that this new-era Nike SB silhouette can be a sellout success given the right colors. What may end up in the same vein is this, a version that combines an an all-over pink foil upper with a cleanly blocked white outsole. Stay with us after the jump for a full gallery of photos on this “Pink Foil” Nike Stefan Janoski and then check out this early sample from madsolar on eBay.
Facebook Messenger has started rolling out Secret Conversations, a feature that enables end-to-end encryption for conversations within Messenger. Secret Conversations is built on Signal Protocol, a modern, open source, strong encryption protocol we developed for asynchronous messaging systems.
Signal Protocol powers our own private messaging app, Signal. The protocol is designed from the ground up to make seamless end-to-end encrypted messaging possible and to make private communication simple. To amplify the impact and scope of private communication, we also collaborate with other popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Google Allo, and now Facebook Messenger to help integrate Signal Protocol into those products.
For more detail, Facebook has published a document with technical details of their Signal Protocol deployment. They use our open source Signal Protocol libraries, and we've verified that the integration was done appropriately. While this release does not enable end-to-end encryption for all conversations by default, like you'd find in WhatsApp or Signal, it's still a big step, and we hope that Messenger will continue to iterate on this deployment to make end-to-end encryption more pervasive throughout their product.
More to come
At Open Whisper Systems, we're going to continue our efforts to advance the state of the art for frictionless private communication, in our own app and in others. We're excited about the future for Signal Protocol and the places it is going.
This article is over 6 years old
Astronomers have calculated the speed of rotation of a massive black hole at the centre of a galaxy 60 million light years away
'Nearby' supermassive black hole rotates at close to the speed of light
There's a new spin on supermassive black holes: They're incredibly fast, astronomers say.
It has long been suspected that gigantic black holes lurking in the heart of galaxies rotate faster and grow larger as they feast on gas, dust, stars and matter. But there hasn't been a reliable measurement of the spin rate of a black hole until now.
While black holes are difficult to detect, the region around them gives off telltale X-rays. Using Nasa's newly launched NuStar telescope and the European Space Agency's workhorse XMM-Newton, an international team observed high-energy X-rays released by a supermassive black hole in the middle of a nearby galaxy.
They calculated its spin at close to the speed of light: 670m mph (1.08bn kph).
This is the first "unambiguous measurement of the spin rate" of a supermassive black hole, University of Maryland astronomer Christopher Reynolds, who had no role in the research, wrote in an accompanying editorial.
Behemoth black holes – with masses millions to billions times that of the sun – are thought to reside in every galactic centre. They're extremely dense and possess such a powerful gravitational tug that not even light can escape.
Scientists are able to pinpoint these monstrous objects from the streams of x-rays emitted during a feeding frenzy. Knowing how fast – or slow – supermassive black holes swirl can help shed light on their growth.
For several days last summer, the two telescopes simultaneously tracked an immense black hole in a spiral galaxy called NGC 1365. The galaxy was chosen because it is 60 million light years a way – relatively close by astronomical standards.
Results were published in Thursday's issue of the journal Nature.
So how fast is the black hole at the centre of our Milky Way galaxy spinning?
It's tough to know because our galaxy's supermassive black hole isn't as active as the observed one, said lead researcher Guido Risaliti of Italy's Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory.
Aside from occasional flares, hardly any radiation flows from our black hole, making it difficult to calculate its spin, Risaliti said.
Maryland's Reynolds said it's clear that some supermassive black holes rotate very rapidly and there's a need for more powerful X-ray space telescopes.
"We are learning about some of the most exotic and powerful objects in the universe," they said in an email. "This is cool science."
DeSales employee charged with filming co-worker pumping breast milk
A 33-year-old DeSales University employee was charged Thursday with hiding a camera in a co-worker's office so they could film them as they pumped breast milk, according to court documents.
John Bednarik, of Blandon, Berks County, admitted installing a camera in the co-worker's office, saying they did it for sexual arousal and gratification, according to court records.
University spokesperson Tom McNamara said Bednarik, whose title was director of environment, was fired Thursday.
According to a criminal complaint:
Upper Saucon Township police were dispatched to DeSales University on Tuesday. At the school, DeSales police told Upper Saucon police a female employee said they were being filmed by a co-worker while they were partially nude.
DeSales police said they were called to Dooling Hall at 10:52 a.m. Tuesday by the woman.
The woman said they closed their office door so they could use their breast pump to pump milk for their baby. The woman said they took off their shirt and exposed their breast when they heard a noise and looked up.
They said they saw a small hole in a ceiling tile directly above them and saw a small camera lens in the hole. The victim got dressed away and left their office. Outside, they bumped into Bednarik, who was leaving the office next to hers.
Bednarik handed a camera to the DeSales officer, who then gave it to the Upper Saucon officer.
The Upper Saucon officer interviewed Bednarik, who admitted they created a small hole in the tile in the woman's office so they could watch and record them while they were partially naked. They said they filmed the woman for their own "sexual arousal and gratification."
They allowed the officer to search their camera.
On Wednesday, the officer reviewed the camera and saw a video clip that showed the woman partially naked and using the breast pump. The clip was filmed from directly above their desk.
Bednarik was charged with one count of invasion of privacy. They were arraigned Thursday before District Judge David Harding and released on $10,000 unsecured bail.
— Manuel Gamiz Jr.
A homeless single mother in Arizona who struggled to make ends meet is in jail after they allegedly left their children in their car while they went on a job interview.
Shanesha Taylor was arrested on felony child abuse charges after Scottsdale police discovered their two kids, aged 2 years old and 6 months old, in a locked car.
Scottsdale police responded after a witness reported a child crying from inside a Dodge Durango parked at an office complex on March 20. Police said that two children were left alone in the car with the engine off and the windows slightly cracked. The car was left parked in the sun and all the doors were closed.
AZFamily reports that the kids had already been in the car for 30 minutes when police arrived. Police said 35-year-old Taylor returned from their job interview about 45 minutes after officers came to the scene. They said they didn't have anyone else to care for the kids while they were on an interview at an insurance company.
"She was upset. This is a sad situation all around. They said they were homeless. They needed the job," Scottsdale Police Sergeant Mark Clark told KPHO. "Obviously not getting the job. So it's just a sad situation."
Taylor was arrested on two felony counts of child abuse. They remain in jail, and their children have been put in the custody of Child Protective Services.
Taylor's arrest has spurred an online fundraising drive to help with their legal expenses, according to WTOP. At time of writing Friday, it had more than 975 supporters, and had raised more than $27,000 -- three times more than its $9,000 goal.
The fundraising site acknowledges that Taylor made a "terrible mistake" but urges compassion.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 1, 2016, 2:13 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 1, 2016, 2:13 AM GMT By Alex Johnson
Yours for only 99 cents: the rare recalled Newsweek edition commemorating Hillary Clinton's election as president.
Or maybe not.
As NBC News and many other news organizations reported after Donald Trump was actually elected on Nov. 8, Newsweek published 125,000 copies of a $10.99 commemorative magazine with Clinton's picture on the cover and the headline "Madam President."
Special editions prepared under the Newsweek banner for Election Night.
Those copies were quickly recalled — but hundreds of copies are still being offered for sale in online markets, for prices as low as 99 cents to as high as $9,995.
NBC News found 387 offers for the recalled issue Wednesday evening just on eBay. Many of them offered multiple copies for sale.
And that's a problem — because the edition's publisher says only 17 copies were actually sold before all the rest were recalled, calling into question the authenticity of many of those offers.
Newsweek, it turns out, didn't publish the commemorative edition. That was done by Topix Media Lab, a New York specialty publisher that produces one-off special editions for many media companies, including CBS, Disney, Marvel Comics and World Wrestling Entertainment, in addition to Newsweek.
Newsweek distanced itself from the "Madam President" edition when news of it emerged even before Election Day, saying on Twitter that commemorative covers were produced for both Clinton and Trump "by a Newsweek licensee, Topix Media, and not by Newsweek."
Newsweek referred all inquiries to Topix Media, which didn't answer phone calls or reply to emailed requests for comment Wednesday.
Names for Melbourne's new train stations revealed as Victorian Government opts for 'conventional' approach
Updated
The Victorian Government has taken a conventional approach in naming Melbourne's five new train stations, shunning the more colourful public suggestions of Bunnings Sausage, Smashed Avo and D'oh-main.
New train station names Town Hall Station
State Library Station
Parkville Station
Anzac Station
North Melbourne Station (Arden)
Existing North Melbourne station becomes West Melbourne
The new stations being built as part of the $11 billion Metro Rail Tunnel project will be named Town Hall, State Library, Anzac, Parkville and North Melbourne.
The existing North Melbourne Station will be renamed West Melbourne.
Premier Daniel Andrews said the new names would help residents and tourists navigate their way around the city.
"We always have to remember this is about how people move through the city — not just locals but tourists," they said.
"People need to be able to find where they're going, make the connection between big landmarks and these stations, and that's why this common sense approach is the best way to go."
The Victorian Government received around 50,000 submissions from the public, but ultimately the names were decided by Mr Andrews and Transport Minister Jacinta Allen.
Other suggested names Smashed Avo
Bunnings Sausage
D'oh-main
Dustin Martin
Tardis
Arden Schwarzenegger
Ramsay St
Some of the more creative suggestions included Smashed Avo, Bunnings Sausage, D'oh-Main.
Famous names like Shane Warne, Dustin Martin and Lou Richards were also put forward.
In other parts of the world, calling on the public to name things has been fraught.
Boaty McBoatface was the famous moniker chosen by the public to name a British research ship last year, but the UK Government overruled the decision and went with RRS Sir David Attenborough instead.
When the public was asked to vote on the name of an express train in Sweden, Trainy McTrainface topped the poll.
"Station McStationFace is probably not a great name for a station, but many people disagree with me," Mr Andrews said.
"There's absolutely nothing wrong with a Bunnings sausage … I'm not a big smashed avo fan."
Popular HBO series Game of Thrones also received a lot of support, with Winterfell attracting support from the book series author George RR Martin.
"It seems Game of Thrones is even more popular than we thought," Mr Andrews said.
Topics: state-parliament, parliament, states-and-territories, urban-development-and-planning, community-and-society, melbourne-3000
First posted
Usually when Ansible Tower executes a playbook everything works just as on the command line. However, in some corner cases the behavior might be different: Ansible Tower runs its playbooks in a specific environment.
Different playbook results in Tower vs CLI
Ansible is a great tool for automation, and Ansible Tower enhances these capabilities by adding centralization, a UI, role based access control and a REST API. To take advantage of Tower, just import your playbooks and press start – it just works.
At least most of the time: lately I was playing around with the Google Cloud Engine, GCE. Ansible provides several GCE modules thus writing playbooks to control the setup was pretty easy. But while GCE related playbooks worked on the plain command line, they failed in Tower:
PLAY [create node on GCE] ****************************************************** TASK [launch instance] ********************************************************* task path: /var/lib/awx/projects/_43__gitolite_gce_node_tower_pem_file/gce-node.yml:13 An exception occurred during task execution. The full traceback is: Traceback (most recent call last): File "/var/lib/awx/.ansible/tmp/ansible-tmp-1461919385.95-6521356859698/gce", line 2573, in <module> main() File "/var/lib/awx/.ansible/tmp/ansible-tmp-1461919385.95-6521356859698/gce", line 506, in main module, gce, inames) File "/var/lib/awx/.ansible/tmp/ansible-tmp-1461919385.95-6521356859698/gce", line 359, in create_instances external_ip=external_ip, ex_disk_auto_delete=disk_auto_delete, ex_service_accounts=ex_sa_perms) TypeError: create_node() got an unexpected keyword argument 'ex_can_ip_forward' fatal: [localhost]: FAILED! => {"changed": false, "failed": true, "invocation": {"module_name": "gce"}, "parsed": false} NO MORE HOSTS LEFT ************************************************************* to retry, use: --limit @gce-node.retry PLAY RECAP ********************************************************************* localhost : ok=0 changed=0 unreachable=0 failed=1
To me that didn't make sense at all: the exact same playbook was running on command line. How could that fail in Tower when Tower is only a UI to Ansible itself?
Environment variables during playbook runs
The answer is that playbooks are run by Tower within specific environment variables. For example, the GCE login credentials are provided to the playbook and thus to the modules via environment variables:
GCE_EMAIL GCE_PROJECT GCE_PEM_FILE_PATH
That means, if you want to debug a playbook and want to provide the login credentials just the way Tower does, the shell command has to be:
GCE_EMAIL=myuser@myproject.iam.gserviceaccount.com GCE_PROJECT=myproject GCE_PEM_FILE_PATH=/tmp/mykey.pem ansible-playbook myplaybook.yml
The error at hand was also caused by an environment variable, though: PYTHONPATH . Tower comes along with a set of Python libraries needed for Ansible. Among them some which are required by specific modules. In this case, the GCE modules require the Apache libcloud, and that one is installed with the Ansible Tower bundle. The libraries are installed at /usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/awx/lib/site-packages – which is not a typical Python path.
For that reason, each playbook is run from within Tower with the environment variable PYTHONPATH="/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/awx/lib/site-packages:" . Thus, to run a playbook just the same way it is run from within Tower, the shell command needs to be:
PYTHONPATH="/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages/awx/lib/site-packages:" ansible-playbook myplaybook.yml
This way the GCE error shown above could be reproduced on the command line. So the environment provided by Tower was a problem, while the environment of plain Ansible (and thus plain Python) caused no errors. Tower does bundle the library because you cannot expect the library for example in the RHEL default repositories.
The root cause is that right now Tower still ships with an older version of the libcloud library which is not fully compatible with GCE any more (GCE is a fast moving target). If you run Ansible on the command line you most likely install libcloud via pip or RPM which in most cases provides a pretty current version.
Workaround for Tower
While upgrading the library makes sense in the mid term, a short term workaround is needed as well. The best way is to first install a recent version of libcloud and second identify the actual task which fails and point that exact task to the new library.
In case of RHEL, enable the EPEL repository, install python-libcloud and then add the environment path PYTHONPATH: "/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages" to the task via the environment option.
- name: launch instance gce: name: "{{ node_name }}" zone: europe-west1-c machine_type: "{{ machine_type }}" image: "{{ image }}" environment: PYTHONPATH: "/usr/lib/python2.7/site-packages"
Advertisements
ONITSHA, Nigeria (Reuters) - A Nigerian man is being charged for provoking people and “breach of peace” by naming their dog after President Muhammadu Buhari and painting the name twice on the pet, police said on Wednesday.
“The man bought a dog, named it Buhari, wrote Buhari on both sides of the dog and paraded it” in front of people from the north, said Abimbola Oyeyemi, police spokesperson in the southern Ogun state where the man lives.
They were arrested after a citizen from the north reported them to police but released by a court on bail until their trial starts, the spokesperson said, without naming the man.
“His action is provocative and capable of breaching the peace, as you know the volatility of Nigeria now,” said Oyeyemi.
Nigeria is in the middle of its worst economic crisis in decades as a slump in oil prices boosts unemployment.
Tensions sometimes erupt between northerners, who are Muslims, and people from the predominantly Christian south.
Buhari is a Muslim from the north.
NEW DELHI: As India gives visa-on-arrival to the Japanese, Tokyo has responded by further relaxing conditions for multiple-entry visas for short-term stay for ordinary Indian passport holders.Last month, it extended the validity period of such visas from a maximum of three years to five years. It also increased duration of visit on multiple entry visas,including tourism and business, to 30 days from the earlier 15. The relaxation is based on an understanding reached between the two countries during Japanese PM Shinzo Abe's visit to India in December 2015.After Abe's meeting with PM Narendra Modi, India and Japan issued a joint statement which, among other things, recognised the importance of facilitating exchanges between people of the two countries by “simplifying their visa procedures for nationals of each other”. As per the relaxed visa norms, according to Japan authorities, eligibility for multiple-entry visas has been expanded to include people with travel records to Japan for short-term visit in the past three years and those with travel records as temporary visitor to any other G7 countries.The validity of visas for business purposes and also for “cultural and intellectual figures'' has been extended from 5 to 10 years. Japan had introduced multiple-entry visas for Indian nationals in July 2014 as an acknowledgement that strengthening people-to-people exchanges was important to broaden its relationship with India.Relaxation of visa norms is important at a time when the two countries are looking to deepen their economic partnership.
The Catholic Church in Belgium on Wednesday angrily denounced Femen topless protesters who targeted its primate at a conference though the archbishop themselves remained composed and apparently at prayer throughout.
The four protesters leapt out of their seats at a debate on blasphemy and freedom of expression held at the Brussels' Free University (ULB) campus Tuesday evening, baring their breasts and squirting water at Archbishop Andre Leonard as they accused them of homophobia.
Security guards threw the women out of the hall within minutes as the archbishop remained quietly seated, their hands crossed apparently in prayer.
The Belgian religious leader, a known conservative, has often been criticised for their stand on gay issues.
In March they said homosexuals should practise “a form of celibacy and abstinence” and welcomed protests in France against its gay marriage legislation.
The Church in a statement denounced “the attitude of a few persons… in total contradiction with the theme of the debate and with the manner in which the Catholic Church hopes for dialogue”.
COMMUNITY NEWS Rice Medical Center Greenspoint Spring Branch Cypress-290 Tomball Kingwood Bellaire The Woodlands Beaumont Conroe Magnolia Missouri City Katy Sugarland Meyerland Pasadena Baytown Galveston Brazoria County
Priest outrages parishioners by serving Communion to dog by Joseph Ernest July 24, 2010 Newscast Media Toronto, Canada -- The Anglican Church in Canada is trying to contain the fallout after it was reported that one of the female priests Rev. Marguerite Rea, gave Communion to a man and their dog. One of the congregants quit St. Peter's Anglican Church in downtown Toronto immediately, in protest over the incident that happened June 27. Donald Keith, the dog owner said, "This happened a month ago. One church parishioner had a problem with it. This morning I wake up and see it on the news that some guy's dog received communion. Then I go to the dog park and people were talking about it being on the radio." Peggy Needham, a lay official said, "I am sure for Rea that was a surprise, like it was for all of us. But nobody felt like it was a big deal, because it wasn't a big deal." Bishop Patrick Yu said they wrote to the parishioner that "It is not the policy of the Anglican Church to give Communion to animals. I can see why people would be offended. It is a strange and shocking thing, and I have never heard of it happening before." Rev. Marguerite Rea says they served Trapper the Shepherd mix rescue dog and the owner Donald Keith Communion, to make them both feel welcome. Keith said, " This has blown me away. The church is even getting e-mails from Catholics." In Christianity, t they bread and wine are meant to represent the body and blood of Jesus Christ and are only to be given to those who have been baptized. View Comments >> Add Comments >>
Search
Finally, it's here. You can now play the single player realm quest mode in Chaos Reborn. This comes with four new stunning looking battle environments - Mana Flux, Palace, Mountains and Plains. We have also made a number of improvements and changes to the basic games systems.
Discount Week
To celebrate the launch of the realm quest mode there will be a 25% discount for Chaos Reborn on Steam for the week beginning 6th July. Tell your friends, family and acquaintances and get them involved in the game. Here is the link to our Steam store page: http://store.steampowered.com/app/319050/
Check out the new Chaos Reborn trailer:
Here is a screen shot of the Mana Flux environment, where the wizard kings and queens collect mana for their banishing spell
Exploring the Realms of Chaos
The realm quest system currently features:
Exploration and battle against wizard lords and kings in 7 different battle environments
Play co-op battles with other players against lords and kings
Multiple realms to explore with a range of difficulty levels
Procedurally generated battle maps
Creature allies in battle
Buy bodygear, staffs and talismans from town shops. They are permanently added to your collection and can be used in multi-player games
Encounters with the denizens of the realms
Realm ranking tables - compare your realm scores with other players
There is much more content to come in the realm quest mode. These are the planned features:
Significantly improved battle AI
Procedurally generated realms
Player generated realms created by players who reach wizard king rank
More map features to interact with - goblin camps, elven villages, manticore nests, mana fluctuations, etc.
Strategic control of objectives and more involved strategic level game play
Equipment changes
We have revised the equipment system so that you no longer need to level up staffs and bodygear. When you acquire them they start at full capability. Unfortunately this means that we have had to reset all players equipment inventories, but lost equipment will be compensated for with gold. Talismans are unaffected by the equipment changes.
Multi-player league tables
You can now view league ranking tables for equipped and classic mode, for both the current and the previous season.
Feedback
We very much value your feedback on the game so we can improve it as we approach the official launch day. Join our forums and contribute to the discussions:
http://www.forum.chaos-reborn.com/index.php
Thank you for your support, and good luck with your games.
The Snapshot Games Team.
I'm hesitant to respond to Gawker‘s “Ugliest Accent” tournament. For those who haven't read it, the piece is a “March-Madness-style” competition to determine America's “ugliest” regional English. (Pittsburg was crowned the winner last week.) I'm clearly no fan, but Josef Fruehwald offers great critiques at Slate and their blog, so I won't spend much time picking apart the piece itself.
What concerns me more than the Gawker gag, though, is its feedback: the way even critical follow-ups treat it as the loving parody it so clearly isn't, the comments in Fruehwald's Slate piece that ignore their point and continue with the accent-hating, and the way even people with hometown pride give it an implicit thumbs up. Most folks, even progressives, consider accent prejudice okay. I'm not blameless. I hear these sentiments all the time, and admit they don't feel as bad as racism, homophobia or other taboo prejudices.
But what I feel is wrong. The fallacy here is assuming prejudices–racism, classism, xenophobia–fit in neat little boxes, some politer than others. In reality, linguistic prejudice is very much intrinsic to the prejudices we abhor. Whether through African-American English‘s centuries-long use as “evidence” of racist pseudo-biology or British linguo-cultural class warfare, language informs bigoted mindsets of all kinds. You can't extract accent discrimination from its classist, racist, and xenophobic underpinnings. This becomes apparent if we substitute language for, say, one's appearance (no more arbitrary a target, in my opinion). If I said something bizarre like “I hate the way Irish people look” it would be hard to take this as an incidental, surface-level observation.
When we hear certain accents, assumptions pop into our heads about the speakers' lives, where they live, what they read, their education level, and their politics. It's human. And for those who recognize these impulses as irrational, maybe they're harmless. But if you can imagine even a slightly less principled person than yourself using such impressions to judge someone's guilt, employment suitability, loan worthiness, or custody arrangement–almost certainly frequent occurrences–you should never participate in accent prejudice. Why do we view as harmless generalizations that can cause such real damage?
Some of it, I suspect, is that we see language as a choice. And yes, language can be a choice. I choose to speak the accent I grew up with most of the time, even though I could talk like David Cameron for the rest of my days. I don't speak like David Cameron because to do so would prompt concern for my mental health.
But the fact that I speak like a middle-class American instead of the British PM proves my point. To the extent that we choose to speak the way we do, we typically do so for practical reasons. A college professor wants to communicate with people they encounter on a daily basis and convey a linguistic identity. A dockworker from a working-class community desires the same. Like the prof, they seek to communicate with co-workers and neighbors as effectively and honestly as possible. Why are the professor's choices understandable but the stevedore's choices worthy of mockery?
It's also worth noting that language can be less a choice than we assume. Lynne Murphy demonstrated the curious semi-consciousness of speech acts a few years ago in an interview with PRI's Patrick Cox:
Murphy: I mean, as I'm talking to you, I can hear a half-dozen things I'm doing that I wouldn't have done before I moved to the U.K. Cox: Oh, well tell me a couple of them. Murphy: Well, I just said attuned [ətʲund], so I put a little on-glide, a “yeh,” at the beginning of my “u,” instead of saying attuned [ətund]. And I hear myself doing these things and not in some sense trying to do them, but as soon as I hear them I notice them.
If someone's language shifts so noticeably without even trying, why assign conscious intentions to people simply speaking the accent they actually grew up with?
Justifying accent prejudice as criticism or mockery of people's conscious behavior ignores both the practical reasons for language choices and the ways that language often isn't a choice at all. But as long as we think “he's just trying to talk that way” or believe that choosing to talk “middle-class” serves some dubious public good, this discrimination will continue to seem acceptable.
[Author's note: I've regretfully disabled the comments on this post. This piece has attracted a large amount of vitriol (far worse, believe me, than the negative comments that have made it through). Sadly, I just don't have the time to moderate.]
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Republican Senator Cory Gardner has called for a bill to add new sanctions on North Korea for its nuclear weapons development and human rights abuses. Gardner said on Tuesday North Korea's threats have been ignored as the United States has been focused on the Middle East. File photo by Gary C. Caskey/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UPI) -- U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., said the Obama Administration's policy of "strategic patience" toward North Korea was a "strategic failure," and Pyongyang's threat has "grown exponentially" while Washington's focus has been turned on the Middle East.
Gardner made the remarks during a panel on North Korea organized by Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies, Yonhap reported. Gardner's observations about Washington's focus away from North Korea due to the ongoing violence in Syria and Iraq was echoed by Michael Kirby, the former head of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on North Korea human rights.
"The terrible events that have been unfolding in the Middle East and in the Arab lands are naturally the focus of international news media ... But the result of that is that North Korea has definitely gone off the main attention," Kirby said.
Last December, the United Nations General Assembly requested the U.N. Security Council refer North Korea human rights abuses to the International Criminal Court after Kirby and a panel issued a report stating North Korea's leadership is responsible for the "widespread, systematic and gross" violations of rights in the country.
Those abuses, however, have been ignored, according to Kirby. They said Pyongyang's rights violations, and nuclear and missile programs must be dealt with before North Korea becomes a "real trouble and harassment" to the United States.
Gardner said North Korea is a "grave threat." Citing previous estimates, the senator said Pyongyang is believed to have up to 20 nuclear warheads, a growing problem that has been neglected.
"While our nation's attention is rightfully focused on the Middle East, the North Korean threat has grown exponentially and the United States is seemingly falling asleep at the switch to this grave threat. It is clear that our policy of strategic patience has been a strategic failure," Gardner said.
RELATED South Korea to develop fighter jet technologies domestically
The United States and the other four members of the six-party talks on North Korea denuclearization has urged Pyongyang to take the appropriate steps, but even the patience of traditional allies like Russia is wearing thin.
Alexander Timonin, the Russian ambassador to South Korea, told a forum of regional leaders in Seoul that Moscow does not tolerate a nuclear North Korea, South Korean outlet No Cut News reported.
In order to solve the nuclear crisis on the Korean peninsula, the security environment must be radically transformed, Timonin said on Tuesday.
Amazon Studios ordered five new original series — including alternate-history thriller “The Man in the High Castle” and dark comedy “Mad Dogs” — and renewed drama “Mozart in the Jungle” for a second season.
The shows will premiere exclusively to Prime members in the U.S., U.K. and Germany later this year and in 2016, on Amazon's Prime Instant Video service.
The five new series are “The Man in the High Castle,” based on Philip K. Dick's 1962 alternative history novel about a world in which the Allies lost World War II; hourlong dark comedy “Mad Dogs” (pictured above); docu-series “The New Yorker Presents”; and kids' shows “Just Add Magic” and “The Stinky & Dirty Show.”
In addition, Amazon ordered a second season of “Mozart in the Jungle,” a dramatic comedy about sex, drugs and clashing personalities in the New York classical music scene based on the memoir by Blair Tindall. Season two will premiere in early 2016 from executive producers Roman Coppola (“Moonrise Kingdom”), Jason Schwartzman (“The Darjeeling Limited”) and Paul Weitz (“About a Boy”).
Amazon picks shows to greenlight as full series in part based on feedback on the pilots. During the “pilot season,” any Amazon customer in the U.S., U.K. and Germany can watch, rate and comment on them. To date, Amazon Studios has ordered 13 series, including Golden Globe-winning “Transparent,” which will return for a second season later this year.
Related Amazon Spent $1.3 Billion on Prime Instant Video in 2014
“During the latest pilot season, Amazon customers made ‘The Man in the High Castle' our most-watched pilot ever,” said Roy Price, VP of Amazon Studios. “These new series, including our first docu-series, are some of our most ambitious to date, and I'm looking forward to their premieres in the future.”
Missing the cut from the most recent run of seven Amazon pilots were “Point of Honor,” a Civil War-era drama from Carlton Cuse (“Lost”) co-produced with ABC Signature Studios; “Cocked,” a dark comedy created by Sam Baum (“Lie to Me”) and Sam Shaw (“Manhattan” TV series); “Down Dog,” a comedy about a late-30s Southern California yoga instructor; and “Salem Rogers,” a comedy about a former supermodel re-entering the world after years in rehab.
Amazon Studios previously announced three original series to debut in 2015: “Hand of God,” from Marc Forster and Ben Watkins; comedy “Red Oaks,” from Steven Soderbergh, David Gordon Green, Greg Jacobs and Joe Gangemi; and kids' series “Wishenpoof!” from Angela C. Santomero and Out of the Blue Enterprises.
In 2015, Amazon Studios plans to begin to produce and acquire original movies for theatrical release, followed by early-window distribution on Prime Instant Video.
Here's a rundown of the five new shows:
Mayor Frank G. Jackson of Cleveland said Monday that the situation was “not easy for me personally or the city in general,” but that the settlement “protected the rights of the city and its taxpayers.”
“At the end of the day, a 12-year-old child lost their lives, and that should not have happened in the city of Cleveland,” they said. “It should not have happened.”
Tamir had been carrying a real-looking pellet gun near a recreation center when someone called 911 to report him. The caller cautioned that Tamir was “probably a juvenile” and that the weapon was “probably fake,” but those qualifications were not relayed to the responding officers, who were told only of a report of a male with a weapon.
Moments later, as grainy surveillance video showed, a squad car drove over a curb and through snow-dotted grass before sliding to a halt within feet of Tamir. Officer Loehmann, who said later that they had feared for their life and had seen Tamir reaching for their waistband, stepped out of the cruiser and quickly shot the boy.
Tamir's shooting, which happened two days before a grand jury in Missouri declined to charge the Ferguson officer who fatally shot Michael Brown, an African-American 18-year-old, also occurred amid a wave of new attention on use of force by the police, and set off protests in Cleveland.
From the outset, activists, the leader of the local police union and Mr. Jackson agreed that Tamir's death was tragic. But the city was deeply divided on whether Officer Loehmann and their partner, Officer Frank Garmback, who was driving the cruiser, had committed crimes, or had been justified given what they knew at the time.
As the case made national headlines, it was revealed that Officer Loehmann had resigned from another Ohio police department after a “dangerous loss of composure” during weapons training. Many questioned their decision to fire quickly, as well as the tactics of Officer Garmback, who did not shoot but whose fast approach left their partner little time to assess the situation before acting.
The tragic event will be portrayed through three different maps; the first, available for free on July 29th, will show the city as it stood before the fire, complete with iconic landmarks such as London Bridge and St Paul's Cathedral. Audio clips will be scattered throughout the world, containing some explanations (the long, dry summer and the city's wooden houses, for instance) for why the inferno spread so quickly. The second, to be released in September, will put you in the middle of the crisis and include basic mini-games about saving residents and fighting the flames. You'll also be able to make "crucial decisions" by talking to historical figures.
The third, set for February next year, will allow players to rebuild London using the architectural plans drawn up by Christopher Wren, John Evelyn and others. Playing all three should, the museum hopes, create an experience that's both unique and informative. The "Great Fire of London" is a popular classroom topic in Britain, so the maps should make for a refreshing departure from musty textbooks and TV documentaries.
The unique Minecraft worlds are being put together by Adam Clarke, a Minecraft artist and digital producer, Blockworks, a professional Minecraft map building team in the UK, and "Dragnoz," a YouTuber and world creator deeply involved with the Minecraft community. A teaser video has been released showing off the group's interpretation of London, and it's quite a sight; the scale and detail means it's easy to envision the city in the 17th Century, even if everything is made from rudimentary blocks.
Don't make that add, drop, or trade just yet -- o n this episode, Elan and Brian take a look at why some guys are way up , why others are way down , and why you shouldn't get caught with your head spinning all around.
This week's edition of Keeping Karlsson kicks off with a prescription for deep breaths, especially regarding two goalies who have been particularly testing their owners after slow starts. In the headlines, we also cover injuries to a couple key contributors, the Leafs' blueline situation, and a new face in the Avalanche net.
We then take a look at some underlying numbers that are just a little bit wackier than they should be at this point of the year, naming early candidates for you to consider selling high or buying low. Elan and Brian also share their views on how patient you need to be with the team you picked on draft day.
The show closes with the return of the Lightning Round ™, where the guys give the lowdown on the names that appeared the most in our Twitter mentions this week.
Players covered this week include Victor Hedman, Jason Garrison, Brock Nelson, Tukka Rask, Damon Severson, Troy Brouwer, Gabriel Landeskog, Rick Nash, Calvin Pickard, Patric Hornqvist, Tanner Pearson, and more.
If you enjoy the show, you can support us by telling a friend, subscribing to and reviewing Keeping Karlsson on iTunes , and following us on Twitter (@keepingkarlsson). Feel free to tweet us or write us (keepingkarlsson@gmail.com) with your feedback, fantasy hockey questions, and topic requests for future episodes. Thanks for listening!
Keeping Karlsson is presented by Daily Faceoff .
bindersfullofwomen.tumblr.com.
The most substantive moments of last night's presidential debate may have been President Obama and Mitt Romney's heated exchanges over Libya and energy policy. But the Internet has its own favorite: Romney's pronouncement that they were given “binders full of women” to fill jobs in their cabinet when they were governor of Massachusetts. That came in response to a question about the glass ceiling and gender bias in pay.
Before the debate even ended, a meme had sprouted on social media. Within minutes, a Tumblr account appeared, with crowd-sourced parody images that included Hillary Clinton, an '80s teen idol, and Beyoncé. By this morning, the Facebook community “Binders Full of Women” had more than 250,000 members.
In a debate full of curious phrasing, why did Romney's binders comment stand out? Slate's Amanda Marcotte wrote that the inelegant phrase resonated because it underlined Romney's “utter unwillingness to address the true causes of inequality.”
Late in the regular season, NFL Network analyst Joe Theismann said any media member that didn't vote for Jim Harbaugh as AP Coach of the Year should have their voting privileges revoked.
As it turns out, only five voters need to have their hand slapped with their ballot.
The 49ers first-year coach was named AP Coach of the Year today in a landslide. Harbaugh earned 45 votes, Green Bay's Mike McCarthy had three and Denver's John Fox had two.
Harbaugh is the first 49ers coach to be named AP Coach of the Year since Bill Walsh in 1981. Both Harbaugh and Walsh won the award after the Niners went 13-3 following 6-10 seasons.
Quarterback Alex Smith accepted the award on Harbaugh's behalf at the NFL Awards Show in Indianapolis. The show will be tape-delayed on the West Coast and will air at 9 p.m. today on NBC and the NFL Network.
* Niners defensive end Aldon Smith finished second to Denver linebacker Von Miller for the AP's Defensive Rookie of the Year award. Miller had 39 votes and Smith took the other 11.
The voters likely favored Miller because they were an every-down player while Smith was primarily a pass-rushing specialist.
Miller, who had 15 starts, had 64 tackles, 11.5 sacks and two forced fumbles. Smith had 37 tackles, 14 sacks and two forced fumbles. According to Pro Football Focus, Miller played 400 more defensive snaps than Smith this season (1,016 to 616).
* Niners defensive tackle Justin Smith finished third in the voting for AP Defensive Player of the Year, an award won by Baltimore linebacker Terrell Suggs.
Suggs had 21 votes, Vikings defensive end Jared Allen had 15 and Smith had six.
* Alex Smith finished third in the voting for the AP Comeback Player of the Year, which was won by Detroit quarterback Matthew Stafford.
Stafford had 21 votes and Browns linebacker D'Qwell Jackson had 15. Smith received seven votes.
Amazing welcome from the Government of Bihar. Thank you! #loveindia#Bihar ? Mandy Moore (@TheMandyMoore) September 7, 2015
So inspired by the strong women I met in #Bihar, embracing microfinance loans to buy toilets. Cc: @melindagatespic.twitter.com/eUL6UCu4Ol ? Mandy Moore (@TheMandyMoore) September 7, 2015
Hollywood actor Mandy Moore, who is currently in India, is not shying away from experimenting with local cuisines. They recently sampled Bihar's favourite dishwhen they were here.The 31-year-old actor, best known for their roles in films such asand, is in India to support NGO PSI India's Gender Based Violence (GBV) Programme, Project Wajood.(Also Read: Mandy Moore fascinated with London This is what Mandy shared on Twitter:Mandy, who joined PSI in 2008, as an ambassador for its child survival programmes, also thanked the Government of Bihar:Mandy will be in the country for a week. They will be travelling to different cities in order to understand how PSI and its partners work, to improve the health and rights of girls and women by providing comprehensive health solutions. These solutions range from access to toilets, screening for cervical cancer, improved access to contraception, and ensuring that women and girls can live a life which is free from gender violence.She also tweeted:
Photography by me
Tifa Lockhart from Final Fantasy VII cosplay by
My facebook page
www.facebook.com/pages/Rachel-…
Cosplayer's Facebook page
I have a Buy 1, GET 1 FREE in my print shop at the moment - bit.ly/1mCUjQm - ends Sun 26th April @ midnight, no code needed - I only open my print shop around every 1-2 months. Prints ship within 48 hours of the sale endingFirst upload from our Tifa set. There's more over on our facebook accountsWe shot late in the day, a lot of our shots from the set are shooting into the low sun, highly recommend you have a play with this, it can be a bit hard to look through the viewfinder and it's tricky getting enough light on your subject but you'll get some very pretty results! Try using a white reflector if shooting without flash (watch out for silver and gold, too blinding for the cosplayer) and if you have a flash, try exposing for the background and fill in the cosplayer with the flash, if you want a different look, expose for the sky and fill with flash, some really cool effects you can get with the sun nice and low and you'll eliminate shadows on the subjects face this way too!
SRINAGAR: Walking towards the immigration counter at the Indira Gandhi Airport on a cool March day, Usmaan Raheem Ahmad, a plump, pleasant-faced US citizen, had little idea of what awaited him. An Intelligence Bureau team whisked them aside to give them the news: their Indian visa stood cancelled and they were to be put on the next flight to the US.The next few hours at the airport went by in a flurry of calls: from senior politicians in Srinagar to top bureaucrats and journalists in Delhi. One by one they reported back, they could do nothing. The decision to deport Usmaan had been taken at the “highest levels”.It was a sudden fall for a man who since December 2005 had led a charmed life in Kashmir. Usmaan Rahim ran an American NGO, Mercy Corps, in Srinagar. They were a bit of a mystery — an American citizen who claimed Kashmiri ancestry. They were said to be close to chief minister Omar Abdullah and police officials, broke bread with Hurriyat leaders and had a special interest in potato and bee farming.The story of their arrival here had a tinge of romance: a long lost Kashmiri, a graduate of the Fletcher School of Diplomacy , Tufts University, rushed here in the wake of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and then stayed back. What many did not know was that Usmaan's association with Kashmir was slightly more complex and certainly older.Usmaan first visited Kashmir in 1996, when militancy was at its peak. They were busy surveying old monuments and temples for their graduate course in Kashmiri archaeology. In that time what seems to have impressed Usmaan was the “Kashmiri cause”, so that by the time they graduated in 1999, they became a member of the “Council for Independent Kashmir”, travelling across the US and Europe giving speeches and interviews.“Farooq Abdullah is a puppet of the Indian imperial state, the frontman of the Indian loot of Kashmir,” read one interview. By 2001, they had moved on to the JKLF and, at one speaking engagement, was listed as “an executive member of the diplomatic bureau of the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front”.When they tried to visit Kashmir again around this time, they were denied a visa — a fact covered in some detail by the New York Times, which profiled them in a report titled, “Kashmir Champion finds pitfalls to peace”. The next few years went by in much the same way, in between completing their graduation in conflict management.Usmaan continued to serve the “Kashmir cause”, chaperoning separatist leaders on their US visits. In an article published in 2005, they reused material from an older piece written in 2003, extolling Maqbool Bhatt as a later day Martin Luther King.All that changed quite suddenly after the earthquake of October 2005. By December, Usmaan was finally able to re-enter Kashmir, this time as founder member of the “Kashmir Earthquake Relief”.The reinvention of Usmaan had begun. Over the next few years, they dabbled in a bewildering array of activities. In 2007, they starred in a documentary by an Israeli, in which he's described as an American-born Kashmiri “who returned to their homeland and promotes youth culture, sports teams and theatre.” By 2009, they were heading Mercy Corps, an American NGO that specializes in working in conflict areas.But it was the upheaval of 2010 that helped Usmaan ratchet up their profile. Bewildered by the unprecedented mobilization on the streets, the Indian government reached out to anyone who promised to de-radicalize or divert this “Conflict Generation”. Sources say Usmaan was one of those who promised help.By the summer of 2011, Mercy Corps had announced a new flagship scheme, “Youth Entrepreneurship”, to promote economic development and offer economic opportunities to the youth.Hotels across Srinagar were suddenly playing host to groups of American and British “economists and professors” holding classes for stone pelters one day and junior police officials the next.It was here that the first red flag went up in New Delhi. As summer turned to autumn, one of the foreign delegations held negotiation classes for separatist leaders.One eyewitness described the interaction: “The foreign professors pretended to play Indian government negotiators dealing with the separatist leaders to settle the Kashmir issue. It was a no-holds- barred session with a lot of shouting and a point-by-point rebuttal of every position the Hurriyat takes on Kashmir. Bit by bit, the real issues came up: what the Hurriyat would settle for, how much leeway they were willing to give the Indians? Then they were coached on how to maximise their advantages… It struck me as a strange thing for an NGO to do.”The investigations were led from Delhi. “'We thought that some of Usmaan's contacts in the American embassy were not what they claimed to be. It was a thorough investigation spread over many months. Why do you think the Americans and the NGO are so quiet? They know the truth,” says a top source.Not a single paper in the Valley reported the deportation. Nor did any politician or Mercy Corps publicly raise a voice against it. MHA, too, wasn't very vocal about the uncovering of an US agent, as it characterizes the case. Perhaps the fact that Usmaan had successfully managed to cultivate top ministry officials is an embarrassing detail it would much rather hide. In an email to this reporter, Usmaan refused to comment on their deportation, promising that he'd be back in Kashmir soon. If they manage to do that, it would be yet another remarkable chapter in what has been a very interesting life.
Crunchy salad, toasted pitta bread and a dash of chilli sauce have helped aficionados kid themselves and their taste buds that a doner kebab is one of the healthier takeaway options.
But scientists have found that the food contains up to the equivalent of a wine glass of cooking oil. One of the kebabs tested contained 140g of fat, twice the maximum daily allowance for women. Another contained 111g. Nutritionists said eating two a week could cause a heart attack within 10 years.
Food scientists from Hampshire county council tested the fat, salt and trans fat content of popular takeaway food, including Chinese and Indian meals, pizzas, kebabs and fish and chips. They found many of the dishes contained an entire day's fat in one meal. But by far the worst offender was the doner kebab.
Trans fat, which contributes to coronary heart disease by raising levels of "bad" cholesterol and lowering levels of "good" cholesterol, was found in all the kebabs tested. There is no UK legislation on trans fat in food, but health authorities recommend that consumption should be restricted to trace amounts and the only European standard, the Danish food act, stipulates no more than 5% trans fat in food. Sixty per cent of kebabs contained more than 5%, while the other meals were below the Danish benchmark.
The least fatty takeaway food was found to be Chinese char sui or barbequed pork, but shish kebab also scored low in fat.
The best in terms of low salt content was fish and chips.
Denise Thomas, head of nutrition and dietetics at Portsmouth Hospitals Trust, said that 111g of fat in a kebab was 1,000 calories, the equivalent of a wine glass of cooking oil. "The majority of that fat is saturated, so it's going to raise your cholesterol and give you thickening of your arteries," they said. "If you were eating that meal twice a week on top of your ordinary diet, it's a ticking time bomb of coronary heart disease."
The effect of eating doner kebabs was dependent on the rest of a person's diet. "If you eat lots of fruit and vegetables the rest of the time, it's not going to be a problem. But if you're eating pie and chips and fried breakfasts as well, you're heading towards a heart attack within 10 years."
Copyright by WBTW - All rights reserved
WSPA - TRYON, NC - A billboard that was put in place near Tryon – in response to North Carolina's HB2 law – has been defaced.
The sign reads "Welcome to North Carolina. Due to our stance on LGBT rights, please set your clock back 100 years." Now, the words "Be not deceived. God is not mocked" are written in black spray paint at the bottom of the billboard.
The sign has been up for more than a week at Skyuka Road and Highway 108 in Polk County.
The new law in North Carolina limits LGBT rights and the use of restrooms by transgender people in public places.
Planting Peace is responsible for the billboard.
"Our billboard is a reminder that laws such as HB2 move us backwards in the movement for equality and fundamental human rights for all," said the organization in a written statement to 7 News. "We have to meet hate with love; intolerance with compassion. To deny any individual basic human rights based on your individual beliefs is outrageous and unethical."
Our coverage partners at The Hendersonville Times-News reports the billboard was to be in place for one month.
A portion of a story by the Associated Press was used in this report.
1 of 1 2 of 1
Do a quick internet search of the phrase, 'debunking the gateway drug theory', and you'll quickly see how many stories are churned out on this subject each year by reputable news sources and various associations.
Psychology Today. Time. Newsweek. The Washington Post. The National Institute on Drug Abuse. The Drug Policy Alliance. The freaking former U.S. Attorney General. I could go on, but I'll spare you.
While many attempt to dispel the myth that consuming cannabis leads to hard drug use, politicians like British Prime Minister Theresa May continue to thwart their efforts by glomming onto the refuted idea, which was introduced to the vocabulary of Republicans and anti-drug activists in the late '70s, before it became accepted by many as fact.
(In actuality, the term 'gateway drug' was coined by researcher Denise Kandel over 40 years ago in a paper that discussed the dangers of nicotene, not marijuana. It's thought that former White House drug czar Robert DuPont was reponsible for hijacking the term.)
May was featured on ITV News on Monday (May 15), where host Robert Peston conducted a Facebook Live interview with the leader.
"Emma wants to know why you can't support cannabis legalization," Peston says as angry emojis fly across the live video.
"She says it's the only thing that helps them to debilitate anxiety, but they have to be a criminal to get the only thing that helps her."
A stone-faced, stumbling May acknowledges that there has been research into the drug's medical applications, but that admission is quickly erased by a bias-revealing personal anecdote:
“There have obviously been some studies into the use of cannabis or derivatives for medical use.
"The reason I don't believe in making cannabis use legal is because of the impact I see it having on too many people in terms of the drug use. What we've seen is stronger forms now being used—I think it can have a real impact on people in terms of their mental health.
"But it can also of course lead to people going on to harder drugs. There's a wonderful woman in my constituency, Elizabeth Burton Phillips who runs something called DrugFAM, which supports families.
"One of their twin sons—they both started on cannabis when they were at school and went on to heroin and one of their twin sons committed suicide. This has a huge impact on families."
What May fails to mention in their reasoning is something even Burton Phillips acknowledges in their bio on DrugFAM's website: before their sons used heroin, they also used cigarettes and other recreational drugs.
What's more, May ignores the fact that opinion polls have revealed that the majoirty of Britons support the idea of legalization.
They also fail to consider the fact that, without any legal options for patients like Emma to use cannabis medicinally, Britain's black market industry remains mired in gang activity and has been linked by police to modern slavery.
They seem to echo ideas that are expressed frequently by the British media about the dangers of 'skunk', but with the toughest cannabis laws in any English-speaking country, it's no wonder the plant is often viewed in such a negative light.
Currently, anyone found possessing cannabis in the U.K. could be sentenced to up to five years in prison.
Even as Canada and many American states take steps towards legislation, it's highly unlikely May's Conservative party will change it's collective mind about cannabis legalization ahead of the next U.K. general election on June 8.
But with the low-flying Liberal Democrats recently announcing their support for legalization, one wonders how far off regulated 'skunk' might be.
We're sure of one thing: Theresa May's claims are baseless and tone-deaf. This makes them the Straight's next Roach of the Week.
DS Emulator works for 3DS/N3DS is released and there are also many Nintendo ds flash cards to choose for playing ds games in the market. So, which is a better choice, the ds emulator or the ds flashcards R4? Here, you can know the answer.
NDS Card-DS Flashcards R4
Here the NDS Cards is neither the commercial ds game cards nor the flash carts for old NDS/DSI/DS lite consoles. It is those flashcards work on 3DS family devices to run NDS games or backups and homebrews. Because they support only ds games, they are being called ds flashcards and they have another name in nowadays, that is R4 3DS. R4 stands for their brand and 3DS means they can be used on Nintendo 3ds machines.
NDS card or R4 3DS card, they are now supporting ds games on both 3DS V11.6.0 and DSI v1.4.5. That's to say, if you get an NDS flashcard R4, you can use it on any 3DS, NEW 3DS, 2DS and NEW 2DS or DS, DSI, DSI XL and DSI Lite model. These flash carts are working with a Microsd, which allows users to hold Hundreds or Thousands of game files. Then just bring one R4 3ds card and a microsd, you can play multiple games in your trip.
DS flashcards R4 also support Homebrews, its built-in Moonshell app can let you watch movie, listen to mp3, read e-books and view photos on a 3DS or DS handheld. They are compatible with emulators too if you want to play GB/GBC/SNES/NES games via using these NDS flash carts. Just download kernels and emulators for flashcards, put them into the sd cards' root, insert R4 3DS with SD to your 3DS/NDS console slots. That's all.
Currently, here are many NDS cards or R4 3DS cards to choose from. The following is a list, to you who only care about playing NDS games, the R4I SDHC 3DS RTS is the best to buy; while to you want who would like to enjoy free ds games and install cfw via NTRboothax, just buy the R4i gold 3ds rts plus.
R4i rts sdhc 3ds
R4i gold 3ds rts plus
R4i gold pro 2017
Ace3ds X
R4isdhc dual core 2017
R4isdhc rts lite 2017
R4i gold 3ds rts
R4i gold eu 3ds
Ace3ds plus
DS Emulator-DS Game emulator for 3DS
This runs .nds files without a flashcard. 3DeSmume is Nintendo DS emulator, based on DSonPSP which is based on DeSmuME.
3DeSmume is the DS emulator you are looking for 3DS system devices. However, it only can play ds roms on New3DS. And it requires Homebrew to setup and run on New 3ds consoles. This ds emulator, is the Unique ds game emulator for a 3DS firmware machine. But, the bad things are it hasn't been updated in years, only works on new3DS's, and runs like junk. It's currently a fully interpreted DS emulator, which means the performance is not so great. Sound isn't working, neither is touchscreen
Is it recommded?
Technologically and developmentally, this emulator is pretty meaningless, because we've been able to play any .nds files at full speed using NDS flashcards or R4 3DS for ages. Frankly, DS games flash carts are fairly cheap ($10-22), and a microSD card of a decent size will only run you about $10-30. Plus, the DS emulator even doesn't work on Old3ds so why we should use or choose it. To 3DS without installing a CFW, buying a ds mode flashcard is still the best option.
NDS Flashcard VS DS Emulator
DS Flashcard R4 3DS DS Emulator Compatibility Work on any DS/3DS system handheld Only for New 3DS. Require setup from Homebrew Functions Play free ds games. Support homebrews, emulators and multi-media functions. Allow users to save real-time, use cheats code and get real-time guide in gaming. Play free NDS roms. Performance Support ds games just like a retail ds game cartridge from Nintendo. Bad. Can't support sound, most of ds games and so on. Installation Easy, plug and play. Complicated,you should install Homebrew or CFW firstly to the New3DS. Free or Paid Paid but with lower price. Free
This chart shows you clearly why you should pay for a cheap ds game flashcard R4 not use the free ds emulator. If you already get it and make a decision to buy an R4 3DS card, you can order from our site. We are shipping from the USA and France to customers select USPS or LA POSTE carrier and we support PAYPAL/Credit Card payments.
Most importantly, 3ds-flashcard.cc is a long-history flashcart seller online, founded for 5 years and done business with a worldwide reputation. We are allowing customer to return card or get refund if necessary. Like always, for our this blog reader, send an e-mail to [email protected], we will give you an extra voucher code to buy NDS card(R4 3DS).
Peak Oil Recap
the productivity of new energy sources (including oil wells) is dropping in economic and net energy terms;
cheap energy, particularly oil, is embedded as a component throughout industrial processes;
there are no technology fixes that will greatly increase energy efficiency or to provide new sources of concentrated energy.
Economic Effects
Bullish for the economy. The United States is a major oil importer (despite strange propaganda about "energy independence"), and falling oil prices reduces the oil import bill.
The United States is a major oil importer (despite strange propaganda about "energy independence"), and falling oil prices reduces the oil import bill. Bearish for the economy. The "fracking" boom was a major source of investment, which has an "accelerator effect" on the economy. Investment will reverse, which will hit GDP growth. Additionally, there will presumably be job losses, but the energy sector is still a relatively small employer. There is an additional wild card of energy high yield defaults.
Canada - Less Optimistic
A lot of tidbits from Netflix‘s quarterly conference call with analysts — including the fact that the final season of Breaking Bad won't be available on the service until 2014. But one of the most interesting disclosures is that the execs want to back movies — which they would transmit to living rooms faster than conventional Hollywood productions do. The company is “actively looking at documentaries,” Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos says, though they add that he'll “keep my mind wide open” for other genres. The company's intrigued in part because it wouldn't have to wait for its titles to sell on home video before it can stream them to subscribers. “Even though that window is moving, it isn't moving aggressively enough,” they say. A more aggressive timetable “would be good for our members.” But they squashed a recent report in The Wall Street Journal that said Netflix might be interested in cutting a deal to offer NFL games. “We're still not interested in sports,” they say, calling matches “primarily a linear experience.”
Related:
Netflix Shares Hit New Highs in Q3
Netflix Orders Series From ‘Damages' Creators
CEO Reed Hastings was more upbeat about the possibility that a cable system might include a Netflix TV app for broadband customers. “It would not be a problem to be on a Comcast box,” they say. “I'm hopeful we can do a deal.” The big problem is that pay TV distributors have seen Netflix as a threat — a service that might encourage subscribers to cancel their pay TV subscriptions. But Hastings says they shouldn't worry. “Right now there's zero cord cutting. The question is, will that last.” They say that their market “has not been the cord-cutter market. … Consumers see it as complementary [to pay TV] not a replacement.” They have little sympathy with the plea from Liberty Media's John Malone for cable companies to develop an alternative to Netflix, or support usage based broadband pricing. They already charge about $60 a month for Internet service, without any programming costs. “We think it will work out in the long run if there's net neutrality.”
Related: Broadcasters Petition Supreme Court To Review Aereo Case
Hastings has mixed feelings about another streaming service: Aereo. The CEO calls the Barry Diller-backed company “both opportunity and threat” for Netflix. They like the fact that by including a DVR-like capability, Aereo encourages consumers to think in terms of VOD. But Aereo is looking to offer a broad array of channels — it now has Bloomberg TV in addition to broadcast TV — which could make it more of a competitor. That's a distant possibility, though. “The entertainment time pool is very large so one competitor hasn't been able to affect us positively or negatively,” Hastings says.
Asked about their relationship with activist investor Carl Icahn, Hastings says that the billionaire “likes people who make them money, so he's happy with me now.”
Canada's airlines and airports are gearing up to fight Ontario's plan to more than double the tax on aviation fuel, arguing it will increase the number of Canadians travelling out of U.S. airports where taxes and fees are substantially lower.
The tax will rise from its current level of 2.7 cents a litre to 6.7 cents by April 1, 2017, under the Ontario budget that will be reintroduced Monday. It's the same budget presented in May by the Liberal government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, which went from a minority government to a majority after a June election.
"This is unbelievably punitive," Ben Smith, Air Canada's chief commercial officer, said in an interview. "It's very bad not only for us, for travellers. It's bad for Toronto and it's bad for Ontario, and not just bad for Air Canada, bad for any airline that does significant amount of business in Ontario."
Story continues below advertisement
The tax increase comes as airlines face increased volatility in jet-fuel prices because of the crisis in Iraq, and as they continue to adjust to the decline in the value of the Canadian dollar, which has also hit airlines because the price of fuel is measured in U.S. dollars.
At the full hit of 6.7 cents a litre, the extra tax will cost Air Canada $50-million annually, Mr. Smith said, but they and other industry officials pointed to the impact it will have on air traffic.
An estimated five million Canadians head across the border annually to fly out of U.S. airports or on U.S. airlines, with about three million from Ontario. That's in part because fares are cheaper, but taxes and fees are a key element of the higher Canadian fares.
"Good air transportation is critical to any economy – Canada is no different – and we've effectively priced ourselves out of the marketplace," said Scott McFadden, president of Thunder Bay International Airport Authority in Thunder Bay.
Travellers are voting with their wallets, said Mr. McFadden, who estimates about 30,000 to 40,000 people annually drive from their part of the province to Duluth, Minn., or Minneapolis. The Thunder Bay airport handles about 780,000 passengers a year.
"It's really difficult to make an argument that it's more convenient to get in a car and drive for three and a half, four hours [to Duluth] or six hours in the case of Minneapolis," they said.
Someone taking a Thunder Bay-Toronto-Tampa, Fla., flight would pay a fare of $758 return with fees and charges of $153.34 included. A flight from Duluth to Tampa via Minneapolis would cost $352 (U.S.) with $65.49 in fees and charges.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Susie Heath, a spokesperson for Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa, said the estimated revenue of $135-million (Canadian) from the tax during the next three years will be spent on public transit and transportation infrastructure.
The fuel has been taxed at a rate of 2.7 cents a litre since 1992, Ms. Heath said, which is significantly lower than the tax on gasoline and diesel fuel.
Ontario's move is the opposite direction taken by British Columbia, which eliminated its aviation fuel tax on international flights in the 2012 provincial budget and credits the move for contributing to decisions by 22 airlines to add flights into and out of Vancouver.
Mr. Smith of Air Canada said the tax is a blow to the airline's effort to make Pearson International Airport in Toronto a hub for international travel that will draw business travellers from Boston, Philadelphia and other eastern and northern U.S. cities who are flying to Asia or other non-North American destinations.
"I already have a huge disadvantage versus those cities because of airport rent, because of all the other taxes we currently pay," Mr. Smith said. One of Air Canada's drawing cards is that it offers the only daily service to Haneda airport in Tokyo from North America, but passing on an increase in the aviation tax will make it more difficult to attract U.S. travellers, they said.
"This is basically putting a roadblock in front of economic development," they said. "Any city that punches above its weight in aviation and gets all the benefit for their home market would never do this."
Story continues below advertisement
Editor's note: A previous version of this story said the Ontario budget was first presented last month, when in fact it was presented in May.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Where Keith sits down for the first time in two weeks, taking advantage of the precious couple of hours in the afternoon when their son is fast asleep in their crib:
KIEFER: OK, Keith, let's get started.
KEITH (bleary eyed): Let's do it.
KIEFER: So, how are you doing these weeks?
KEITH: I'm all right. It's sunny today for the first time in some time.
KIEFER: What do you mean?
KEITH: Well, it's been cloudy – and sometimes rainy – for the last little while.
KIEFER: I thought you moved to Massachusetts.
KEITH: We did.
KIEFER: The weather you speak of makes one think of…
KEITH (nodding head): Yeah, yeah. Of Vancouver. Old joke. Let's put that horse away, shall we?
KIEFER: OK. Down to business now (looking at notes). You said last time that you were headed to Boston.
KEITH: That's right. Been there twice now.
KIEFER: Nice. Tell us about it.
KEITH: It's a pretty neat town. Lots of green space. Beautiful tree-lined boulevards. Parks by the dozen. Many of the old buildings are made out of solid red brick, so you have red and green all over the place. It's kind of like Gastown, only much, much older and much more sincere in its age. It's not faux vintage – it's real vintage.
KIEFER: What are the neighbourhoods like?
KEITH: Well, there are a few different ones. Beacon Hill is the oldest part of Boston, built on a hill, of course. It's wonderfully charming, old ivy crawling up the sides of the buildings, cobblestone roads that you can barely squeeze through in your modern vehicle, and tourists. Oh yeah, tourists everywhere. There are a few others as well, such as Bunker Hill, Back Bay, and a bunch of others that I haven't yet been able to keep track of. Every neighbourhood has its chapter in Boston's history.
KIEFER: Bunker Hill? Why have I heard of that?
KEITH: It's basically the beginning of America, right at that spot. Some historians may differ on this, but in a nutshell, the battle of Bunker Hill is the first real battle that the American upstarts won over the mighty British, basically putting the ball in motion towards independence. People here are mighty proud of it, including the guy who was showing us around. All those names you hear – Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, George Washington, and so on – they're all household names here.
KIEFER: Samuel Adams? The beer company?
KEITH: Yes, pretty big beer company. And great beer too. But let's stick to the topic. Let me talk about something I've noticed here. The United States as an institution is mighty proud of what it calls its patriots – those who fought in wars, particularly the revolution itself.
KIEFER: How so?
KEITH: The people who fought in the revolution are enshrined in the history books and as statues. Our statues in Canada seem to be more of politicians and whatnot, whereas the statues here seem to be more of soldiers. Also, those who died in later wars seem to have local town squares and baseball fields named after them, and some have small memorials erected in their name with American flags and red, white and blue wreaths. The Second World War, Korea, you name it.
KIEFER: Vietnam? Iraq? Afghanistan?
KEITH: Not that I've seen yet, but it wouldn't surprise me. In fact, now that you mention it, it's interesting to go to Woburn town centre and see all the plaques with all the soldiers' names on them – there are fresh names from Afghanistan and Iraq on those plaques. Also, in Boston, in the car, we passed by a young looking fellow limping through the street peddling cars for change. They were holding up a sign saying “DISABLED VETERAN”. Iraq? Afghanistan? Who knows? It's a reminder, though, of the reality of this time in America.
KIEFER: I guess with the magnitude of both wars in the United States, you're bound to see some of the effect on the local community.
KEITH: That's right. In fact, last week, during my first few days here, I saw a pickup truck with a huge American flag planted in the back, and a Marine helmet and boots fastened into place at the back of the truck with a guy's name on a sign. I'm not sure, but I'll hazard a guess that this was a soldier who perished overseas in the Middle East.
KIEFER: Quite striking, I imagine.
KEITH: It is. As a Canadian from Vancouver, I'm not accustomed to seeing this sort of thing every day – the constant reminders of war, both past and present. We're more apt to talk about war over coffee, but really, do any of us know anyone who has been on the battlefield? Not many of us do. Our sense of militarism isn't as strong as it is in the United States. Ditto our nationalist pride. Here, the sheer amount of American flags everywhere is impressive. I have to admit, growing up, that it was difficult to comprehend and likewise, to accept, but now that I'm actually here, I'm looking at everything through a different eye.
KIEFER: How so, for example?
KEITH: Look at it this way. How did the United States start as a country?
KIEFER: Uh… Declaration of Independence?
KEITH: Yup. Go on.
KIEFER: George Washington, first president?
KEITH: Sure. But there's something else.
KIEFER: Not sure what you're getting at there, Keith.
KEITH: OK. The country started in violence. It started with a war. The people here took up arms and fought, literally, for their independence. That's wholly unlike Canada. Our guys just shook hands with the British and – sort of – became independent in 1867. But we were still a dominion until we became a real country. And even now… we still have the Queen on our money.
KIEFER: Whereas, in the United States, it's all Americans.
KEITH: Exactumundo. There's a much stronger sense of self-identity here, a more overt pride in one's country and one's history, whether it's real or exaggerated in mythology. We on the outside look at this and we call it arrogance, but let's try and put that aside for a second. Forget that they're those goddamned flag-waving patriotic Yanks, and try to think about why they're this way in the first place. The Americans in the 18th century were a bunch of ragamuffins and farmers who came here in search of a new life after so many shitty years in their home country. Then they were treated like shit by the British in their new home. After a long time, outrage mounted and these farmers and ragamuffins got together and said, “Enough of this shit”, and did something about it. They grabbed a bunch of guns and told the British to sod off or face the consequences. There was no way anyone would have given them favourable odds to fight off the mighty British, who were quite excellent at warfare. But they did. At great cost, but they did the job. They demanded their own country, they took up arms against a much stronger foe and came out victorious. So, of course, Americans are proud. Why wouldn't they be? And whenever someone dies for their country – as we've seen unfortunately all too often – they're loved, respected, honoured, and above all, remembered for their great sacrifice. Hence, all the memorials, the statues, the flags, the red-white-blue wreaths, and so on. You know what I'm saying?
KIEFER: I think so. You're saying all this stuff goes all the way back to the country's origin, the grounds on which it was founded.
KEITH: That's right. Also, there's a quote I love from the movie Layer Cake: “You're born, you take shit. Get out in the world, you take more shit. Climb a little higher, you take less shit. Until one day, you're up in the rarefied atmosphere and you've forgotten what shit even looks like.” You could use that quote if you really wanted to criticize the United States. However, that could be a harsh way to put it. Still, there is a bit of truth to it. The United States was born taking shit from Britain, and then it grew up and became independent. And by culture and habit, its people have huge flags outside what seems like every third home on the street. Is it really a bad thing? No. To cite an over-used cliche, it's a free country. People can do whatever the hell they want, and we shouldn't have the gall to say they should live differently. The way America acts internationally may leave some things to be desired, but the way it lives within its own borders, in its communities, well, let's remember that this is their culture. It's not a war-loving culture, but it is a culture that holds up sacrifice and work ethic above many other things – even if it's sacrifice in war times. I'm not sure if any other country sees their own war dead any differently.
KIEFER: All right. I think on that note, we'll bow out and let our readers digest what you've said here.
KEITH: Fair 'nuff. Back soon?
KIEFER: That's right. Hopefully sooner than later. Now, a note to our visitors – please fire a note to Keith with any intriguing questions or commentary you may have, and we'll try and work them into a future interview. Over and out.
Advertisements
As of a few days ago, the fastest anyone has beat the original Halo: Combat Evolved is in one hour and thirty eight minutes—it's a new world record held by Andrew "goatrope" Halabourda, and you can watch them nail it here.
To be exact, the run takes 1:38:57. The previous world record for this run was at 1:41:15, and it was also held by Halabourda. This new run shaves a few minutes off—it might not seem like much, but sometimes that makes all the difference in a speedrun.
If you're curious about their technique, Halabourda has written something on glitches that affect routes, as well as something on when combat in the game affects their time. It's fascinating to watch this knowledge come together in the actual run, as they know exactly where enemies will be and how to get through them as fast as possible.
You can also check out other Halo franchise records here—this leaderboard includes legendary and easy runs. Alternatively, you can peruse world records for individual levels in the Halo franchise here.
Bailey Dale will make their debut on Sunday against Fremantle.
Bailey Dale will be the Western Bulldogs second debutant of 2015, one of four inclusions for the Dogs' match with Fremantle on Sunday.
Dale joins Mitch Wallis, Matthew Boyd and Lin Jong as inclusions for the Fremantle match after all three have recovered from injury.
Dale gets their chance after being named emergency against Adelaide in round four and St Kilda in round six, following impressive VFL form which included a two-goal, 28-disposal game against Collingwood in round three.
Recruited from the Dandenong Stingrays in the TAC Cup and originally from Edithvale/Aspendale, Dale brings silky skills and clever goal nous.
Bulldogs VFL coach Ashley Hansen said Dale had been rewarded for consistent efforts through the VFL.
“Bailey's form has been really good at VFL level, certainly their work rate to get to the contest and create shots on goal for themselves and for their teammates has been a highlight.
“It's an exciting opportunity for him.”
Clay Smith comes out of the team after having knee surgery earlier in the week, while Jack Macrae, Nathan Hrovat and Lukas Webb have been omitted.
Round 7 Western Bulldogs v Fremantle
Sunday 16 May 2015, 1:10pm
Venue: Etihad Stadium
Full back M Boyd J Roughead E Wood Half back R Murphy M Talia J Johannisen Centreline T Dickson L Picken K Stevens Half forward M Honeychurch J Stringer M Wallis Full forward S Crameri T Boyd L Dahlhaus Followers A Cordy L Jong M Bontempelli Interchange L Hunter F Roberts B Dale B Goodes Emergencies J Macrae N Hrovat L Webb
In: M Boyd, B Dale, L Jong, M Wallis
Out: C Smith (knee), J Macrae (omitted), N Hrovat (omitted), L Webb (omitted)
New: B Dale (Dandenong - TAC Cup)
In the '40s, '50s, and '60s, science fiction was a nerdy sub-culture that spread primarily through and hand-assembled fanzines.
Lenny Kaye, a guitar player in Patti Smith's band and voracious pop-culture collector, assembled over a thousand of these zines and together with Boo-Hooray press has showcased them in a new book called The Tattooed Dragon Meets The Wolfman.
"The most surprising thing I noticed about the zines was how closely the format---editorials, letters, essays, reviews---paralleled the format of blogs," says co-author Johan Womack.
"All this stuff is proto-blog, proto-Instagram, proto-snark, proto-troll, and naturally, also an active exchange of ideas that motivated some very weird people to do great things in their life," adds co-author Johan Kugelberg.
Two-color printing was rare for zines.
Detail view.
"The themes in the zines are evergreen---what other genres should be of interest to SF readers, if any; whether or not SF writers/novels are hewing to the standards set by the individual reviewer or editor, and whether they should be reviewed accordingly; the social escapades of fans in the SFF world and in the real world, as well," says Womack.
Detail view.
Kugelberg is bullish about the evolution of geekdom. "The nerds of the 20th century have shaped the 21st, for better, for worse," they say. "What we lost, we can probably not know, what was gained is this world we live in."
Detail view.
Many, but not all, science fiction writers of a certain age got their start writing in science fictions zines," says Womack.
"Naturally, it was fascinating to see the baby-steps by people who became giants of letters, and to see the interaction between the big name fans of the time as they were quarreling their way through a aesthetic narrative that is now everywhere." says co-author Kugelberg.
William Gibson and Harlan Ellison started out writing glorified fan fiction before becoming famous and hitting best-seller's lists. Even Roger Ebert published a zine before securing a prestigious byline.
The flourishing of this geeky aesthetic as well as social history can be chronicled through these documents.
The level of artistic skill varied from zine to zine, but the level of passion was consistently high.
Contemporary events like the space race, Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Civil Rights Movement were recapitulated with characters on far-off planets.
Tolkein-esqe high fantasy and jungle fiction in the mold of Tarzan novels provided a pastoral pause in a time of technological expansion.
The Tattooed Dragon Meets the Wolfman is available from Boo-Hooray Press.
Even with their crude production values it's hard not to look at these pages, held together with staples, scotch tape, and a pinch social anxiety and feel something has been lost.
I hope that the writers won't neglect them as they were in season 6 - thankfully season 7 seems doing it alright with episodes like "Celestial Advice" where they had to decide what to do with their protegee, in similar fashion as Celestia had to with Twilight, which gave us interesting perspective. Also the other example was "Flurry of Emotions" which put Twi in kind of mother-like figure - and as we know, parenting ain't easy.
I like how despite their princesshood Twilight is still put through relatable situations and still learns the ropes.
They haven't turned into Celestia-like character that for me it's kind of hard to get behind giving the vibe of near perfect character they have. Twilight still has various strengths and flaws many may find reletable, and even when certain aspects changed I like that how their progression feels somewhat natural - she's not defined by one or two events - we see their life taking various twists and turns with both big and small problems be that as Celestia's pupil, Princess of Friendship or mentor for other ponies. That's why to me Twilight is best pony.
A piece created for August 6th - Twilight's Day!Ooooooooooooooh Yeeeeeeeah!Last year I drew something for the occassion with Twilight and Flurry Heart, this year instead of cute and fluff, I felt like doing something more dynamic and epic. And what's better than one Twilight? Two Twilights! Decided to go with Future Twi, since I like to think it's a mild MGS nodThose who watch me from some time, know Twilight is my favourite pony. It's not always been like that, since initially Fluttershy was my favourite, over time however, as I started to watch the show more thoroughly, I started to apprecieate the Bookhorse. The leader of mane 6 really came long way no?. However only recenlty it came to my attention why exactly I like their character so much, and why perhpas she's one of my favourite characters of all time. In many aspects I find Twilight's flaws and quirks to be quite relatable - they do like to have things in certain order, and doesn't like to deviate from once estalbished schemes, plus they tend to over-worry about various matters. That's something that resonates with me a lot since I tend to worry in advance about various stuff, or sometimes care about things no one else seems to.She may at times come off as a bit preachy ( which I would chalk up to their studious personality), and sometimes even to be a control freak in most crazy situations, but for the most of the times she's the glue that keeps the team together and capable leader, also another awesome aspect is that she's a team player - for the most of the time, despite being powerful they do work at their best when in team (wether in duo with Spike or rest of the mares) instead of having the "sole savior" complex that is often seen in vairous works of fiction. With many of their virtues those few quirks make them that much more charming to me.Never cease to be amazing oh Purple One
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Reverend Al Sharpton led thousands of chanting but peaceful activists in a march across Staten Island on Saturday to protest the death of Eric Garner, who died after New York City police put them in a banned chokehold last month.
Esaw Garner, Eric Garner's widow, cries on stage as they take part in the "We Will Not Go Back" march and rally for Eric Garner in the Staten Island borough of New York August 23, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Protesters traveled by bus and ferry to join the rally over Garner, a 43-year-old black father of six, whose killing has become part of a larger national debate about how U.S. police use force, particularly on people who are not white.
“We are not here to cause riots, we are here because violence was caused,” Sharpton said to a crowd of cheering supporters who filled streets in the borough where Garner died.
Sharpton was joined by former New York Governor David Patterson, other civil rights leaders and Garner's widow, Esaw.
“Let's make this a peaceful march and get justice for my husband so that this doesn't happen to anybody else,” Esaw Garner said in a somber tone to protesters.
Garner's sister, Ellisha Flagg, also spoke, saying the march was not anti-police, but was against police brutality and violence in general.
“We have to stop killing one another, hating one another,” Flagg said.
The demonstration was also in response to the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old African American who was shot dead by a white police officer this month in Ferguson, Missouri, sparking more than a week of violent confrontations, Sharpton said.
Protesters carried signs demanding justice for Garner and Brown and shouted slogans including, “Hands up don't shoot.” They began Saturday's march just after noon, walking past the district attorney's office, and ending a few blocks from the terminal for ferries to Manhattan.
Dawn Edwards, a human resource executive from Brooklyn, said they chose to march out of fear that negative stereotypes will have an impact on their two young sons as they grew older.
“I hope when my boys grow up to become men, those stereotypes will no longer exist,” they said.
Michelle Johnson, a 34-year-old pharmacist from Long Island, said their sons had also inspired them to join the march.
“It's a sobering lesson for a mother to tell their child that your country doesn't judge you simply on your character but on the color of your skin,” Johnson said.
New York Police Department officers lined blocked streets near the march. Still, police said no arrests were made by the time the rally wound down in the late afternoon, and some officers handed bottles of water to protesters.
A New York City prosecutor plans to present evidence to a grand jury next month to determine whether anyone should be criminally charged in Garner's death.
The city's medical examiner ruled the death a homicide, saying police officers killed them by compressing their neck and chest as they restrained them for selling loose cigarettes. Their health problems, including asthma and obesity, were contributing factors, the medical examiner said.
It was a branding moment. With their lock-step vote against extending unemployment benefits, the Republicans are indelibly marked as not only heartless but also frivolous in their much-professed concern over the soaring national debt. Thanks to the defection of the two relatively enlightened Republican senators from Maine and the quick replacement of the late Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd, unemployment checks that had been stalled for millions of American families since early June will soon resume. But for Republicans, it has been a defining issue that will haunt the party.
There is plenty to criticize in the Democrats' handling of this economic crisis, mostly cribbed from the GOP playbook, but once again the Republicans seem determined to prove that when it comes to social compassion, they are the worst. How can they defend having supported Republican President George W. Bush giving $180 billion to AIG but draw the line when a Democratic president seeks to spend one-fifth of that amount helping millions of victims of the crisis that AIG was so instrumental in causing?
While holding unemployment checks hostage to demands for compensating budget cuts, Republican leaders claimed to support the extension of benefits. They rejected the argument of some on the harder ideological right that the average payment of $309 per week is the lucrative prize that keeps the unemployed from going back to work. They also conceded the obvious, that money given to the unemployed will stimulate the economy at a high multiplier effect because it is money that will be spent rather than hoarded.
Clearly the unemployed are far more likely to spend the money they receive than would the recipients of tax cuts for the rich that the GOP leadership so blithely recommends. And as House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer, D-Md., was able to crow, while the Republicans demand a cut in spending to cover the costs of unemployment insurance, they make no such demand for their tax-cut proposal: “Our Republican colleagues say, ‘No, you have got to pay for that, but you don't have to pay for a tax cut for the wealthiest people in America' which is about 20 times as much as the unemployment insurance.”
Their excuse for separating 2.5 million families from the checks needed to keep food on the table and cover the rent is that the GOP leadership wanted to send a message, in the words of the third-ranking Republican, Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, that the “federal debt has grown to an alarming level, where it is threatening the future of our children and grandchildren.”
Odd as it sounds, the $34 billion cost of the program to cover the unemployed who have exhausted their 26 weeks of payments is chump change in an overall budget of $3.7 trillion. When stacked against the serious drivers of the debt, including a $700 billion military budget and a financial bailout that has cost trillions in taxpayer debt without a murmur of opposition from the GOP leadership, stonewalling on this particular issue is absurd. It would have shocked even Richard Nixon, who as president advocated a guaranteed minimum income for all Americans, and not just those who have been thrown out of work through no fault of their own.
Few, even in the GOP leadership, would deny that the 8 million who lost their jobs due to the banking debacle were the innocent victims of reckless banking policies. “There is no debate in the Senate about whether we should pass a bill—everyone agrees that we should,” stated Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky. “What we do not support—and we make no apologies for—is borrowing tens of billions of dollars to pass this bill at a time when the national debt is spinning completely out of control.”
Why no apologies for drawing the line at the expense of the victims but not when it came to bailing out the victimizers? Clearly the unemployed are the victims of forces far beyond their own control, beginning with a housing market wrecked by the Ponzi scheme of securitized mortgage debt made legal through financial deregulation that virtually all Republicans, and too many Democrats, long supported. Why is it acceptable for our government through the Federal Reserve to have bought up $1.2 trillion of those toxic debt obligations in a handout to the bankers who devised and sold them but balk at committing a tiny fraction of that spending to helping those thrown out of work?
That is the nub of it, and once again folks with a social conscience are left with a failed two-party system in which the Democrats, with much responsibility for this banking mess, must at worst be judged the lesser evil.
Brahma Chellaney is alarmed over China's "high-altitude land grab" which would most unlikely morph into a major war in the Himalayas, because their country, India, seems unwilling to "bare its own teeth." They have listed a series of "non-violent terrestrial aggression" and accuses China of "stealth incursion into India every 24 hours," deploying herders, farmers, and grazers to "settle on contested land," while letting army troops "gain control of the disputed area," to establish a fait accompli.
China is one of India's top trading partners, but they vie for regional influence and are in dispute over their border, which was drawn in 1914 when Britain, India's former colonial power, signed an agreement with Tibet making the McMahon Line the de-facto border between the two countries, with no regard to China, which has always rejected this agreement.
India and Tibet share close cultural and religious ties and the Dalai Lama has regularly affirmed India's sovereignty over the entirety of Arunachal Pradesh, including areas Beijing claims as “south Tibet”. China and India became neighbors only after China annexed their mutual buffer state, Tibet in 1951. Since then, both sides claim each other's territory - India, the Aksai Chin and parts of Kashmir given by Pakistan to China for a road linking Tibet to the Chinese province of Xinjiang; China refuses to recognise Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh as part of India.
The author also ridicules Narendra Modi's predecessor, Manmohan Singh, who "used to claim that, in their 5,000-year history, India and China fought only one war, in 1962." But it was a defeat for Indian troops, which were sent to the remote valleys high on the eastern Himalayas claimed by China. Mao Tse Tung's People's Liberation Army (PLA) outflanked and routed the Indians. The PLA took much of Arunachal Pradesh and wasn't far from Calcutta. After teaching India a lesson, Mao ordered a withdrawal of troops.
The author points out that China and India didn't share any borders until 1951. Since the 1962 war, India had beefed up its military in the area, increasing the number of mountain troops significantly and building high-altitude airbases etc. Despite incursions of Chinese troops across the Indian border, both Beijing and Delhi had sought to play down these transgressions. Diplomats say there are differing perceptions on where the border lies - what India believes is Chinese troops crossing into their territory is seen by Beijing as the exact reverse: Indian troops occupying Chinese land.
During their 2014 visit to Delhi Xi expressed their commitment to working with India to resolve the dispute and maintain "peace and tranquillity" on the common border. They said the area had to be demarcated, as the dispute has troubled both sides for long. Modi agreed that the "true potential" of the Sino-Indian relations would only be realised when there was peace in their relations and in the borders.
The author sees Modi's docile stance as an appeasement, because they do nothing to the PLA "actively intruding into vacant border space with the objective of occupying it", while the "Indian border police patrolling the area don't even carry weapons." The author says this has only encouraged China "to do as it pleases along India's northern frontier." Moreover China is an old and staunch ally of Pakistan, "whose forces often fire at Indian troops along the disputed Kashmir frontier."
The problem is that from Ladakh and Kashmir in the west to India's Assam and Northeast Frontier Agency (Arunachai Prades) and Tibet , the region is a tinderbox, that could spark a war at the top of the world. While China insists on its historical claims and sees the border dispute with India as leftover issues from history, it does reflect the suspicion and distrust that exist on both sides. The continuing tensions and India's huge trade deficit with China have soured bilateral ties in recent years.
Meanwhile India feels encircled by China's Road and Belt Initiative, a $900 bn project launched by Xi Jinping to connect China to Europe and Africa by land and sea. China is investing heavily in countries that are seen by India as its backyard. To the west - Pakistan, to the north - Tibet, to the east - Myanmar, and to the south - Sri Lanka. Unfortunately there is no political will on both sides to resolve the border dispute once and for all. Nationalism and hubris are being used political tools in foreign policies to distract the public from domestic grievances.
The US has no appetite to mediate, even though it sees India as an ally. No doubt it wants to keep China preoccupied.
Cornell University's Black Students United demanded the university start recruiting more black American students because the campus has too many African and Caribbean students Wednesday.
Black Students United, a group for students identifying with the African diaspora, handed the university president a list of twelve demands, with one of them dealing with the disproportionate representation of African students compared to black students on the campus.
“We demand that Cornell Admissions to come up with a plan to actively increase the presence of underrepresented Black students on this campus. We define underrepresented Black students as Black Americans who have several generations (more than two) in this country,” the group stated in their demands, posted by Legal Insurrection.
Black Students United takes issue with the fact that there are more African and Caribbean students on campus when compared to black students. The group defines black students as those who come from black families that have lived in America for two or more generations. While the group said it doesn't mind the university trying to recruit African students, they want the college to pay more attention to black students whose families have been affected by years of white supremacy.
“The Black student population at Cornell disproportionately represents international or first-generation African or Caribbean students. While these students have a right to flourish at Cornell, there is a lack of investment in Black students whose families were affected directly by the African Holocaust in America. Cornell must work to actively support students whose families have been impacted for generations by white supremacy and American fascism,” the group wrote.
The demands from Black Students United come after a black student alleged that fraternity Psi Upsilon members brutally assaulted them and called them a “n*gger.” The demands also call for the frat to be shut down and give up its house to students of color to gather.
Follow Amber on Twitter
Send tips to amber@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
CHENNAI: From a distance, the dog was a blur next to a freshly dug grave, its whimpers lost in the noise of vehicles speeding past. For more than a fortnight the animal would not leave the spot where the 18-year-old boy who had adopted them had been buried after they died in a road accident. The brown mongrel went without food, braved sun and rain, but refused to move in an extraordinary display of loyalty.Blue Cross of India volunteers spotted the dog sitting near the grave in the open burial ground near Avadi Bridge, Blue Cross of India general manager Dawn Williams said. "When we attempted to rescue the dog, it stubbornly resisted and refused to budge," Williams said. "It just scratched the grave and whined."The volunteers then spoke to people who lived nearby. "We met a local resident who said the dog belonged to Bhaskar. They died after being hit by a speeding vehicle on August 2. Bhaskar's mother, Sundhari, 50, is a construction worker who lived in a shed near the building site," Williams said.When the team went to Sundhari's house they said the dog, Tommy, had been their son's pet for five years. After their death, the animal had disappeared. They accompanied the team to the grave. The emaciated dog staggered towards Sundhari and crouched near their feet."Sundhari clasped the dog, held its neck to their face and cried," Blue Cross volunteer Mukund J said.Sundhari, a widow, said life had become meaningless after the death of their only son. But the pet that had remained steadfast to their son, even after their death, could be a reason to live, they said. "She took Tommy with them and returned home, Mukund said.When TOI tried to contact Sundhari, residents said they had gone back to their native place in Tiruvannamalai and had taken the dog with her."Dogs, like humans, can love, suffer, and grieve," Peta India CEO Poorva Joshipura said. "We hope everyone who is moved by the story of this faithful companion will care for dogs by adopting a stray or volunteering at an animal shelter."
The AFL wishes to advise it today wrote to the eight clubs in the NAB AFL Women's Competition to outline the list rules for the 2018 season and the guidelines for the upcoming Sign and Trade Period.
The key points for media are as follows:
Clubs will have a primary list size of 27 players for the 2018 NAB AFL Women's Competition, with a further three rookie list spots available.
Clubs will be able to re-sign up to 22 players for their 2018 List during the Sign / Trade Period, which will operate from May 15-26 (2017 lists were 27 players, meaning a minimum of five players per club will be delisted).
During the May 15-26 Sign/Trade Period to build their 2018 List, clubs can re-sign players from their 2017 list (with the player's agreement) and/or trade for players from other AFLW club 2017 lists.
Trades may only occur with the consent of the AFL and all players and clubs involved in that trade.
Trades are not restricted to 1-1 player swaps and can involve multiple players for one player, and can also involve multiple clubs within a trade.
Draft picks for the 2018 NAB AFLW Draft can be traded however future NAB AFLW Primary Draft selections in the 2019 Draft may NOT be traded.
Any player involved in a trade to another AFLW club must be signed by that club to its primary list for the 2018 season. A Player may not be on-traded.
Once a player has signed with a club, that player cannot be traded to another club for the 2018 season.
If a player elects to leave a club and that club is unable to secure a trade for that player, the AFL will have the discretion to determine if compensation selection(s) would be required at the 2018 NAB AFL Women's Primary Draft.
Contracts for all re-signed players must be lodged with the AFL by May 25.
The 2018 NAB AFL Women's Draft will be held in mid-October, to finalise lists for next season with the remaining spots available for all clubs up to their final primary list size of 27 players.
The Free Agency Period for the NAB AFL Women's Competition will run from May 29 – June 1. Any player from a club's 2017 list not offered a place for 2018 will be an unrestricted free agent. Any player from a club's 2017 list offered a place for 2018 at a lower payment tier will be a restricted free agent.
Clubs may nominate up to two rookies who come from other sports for their rookie list, with the agreement of those rookie players, from May 15 onwards.
Father /Daughter Rule – A player may be nominated by an AFLW club to be a father/daughter selection if their father played at least one AFL game for that club.
The AFL will issue a paperwork summary at the conclusion of each day of the Sign and Trade Period of any trades / re-signings that have been formally approved that day.
The AFL will hold a meeting of all eight AFLW clubs at AFL House on Tuesday May 16 from 10am to 1.30pm where clubs will be able to discuss 2018 Primary List considerations.
Many Ukrainians say they regard the country's political leaders since the end of the Soviet era to be a collective failure. At the same time, they say they recognize the constraints of being almost entirely dependent on Russia for energy, especially natural gas for heat, as well as the historic burden of being home to vital Russian military assets, including major installations for its Black Sea fleet.
“The foundation has to be completely changed in our country, so that it would not remain a post-Soviet barrack temporarily repainted in yellow and blue,” Mr. Lutsenko told the crowd, referring to the colors of the country's flag. “We have to understand that not only the president has to be changed but the entire system.”
Mr. Lutsenko knows the perils of the system well. From their role as field commander, they went on to serve as a leader in Parliament and as the interior minister, under President Viktor A. Yushchenko, who was poisoned by dioxin in an assassination attempt during the disputed 2004 election. After Viktor F. Yanukovich, the revolution's antihero, won the presidency in 2010, Mr. Lutsenko was arrested and jailed on abuse of authority charges, only to be pardoned earlier this year as Mr. Yanukovich came under pressure from the West.
Supporters of European integration had been pinning their hopes on the political and trade agreements, which had been in the works for more than four years, and Mr. Yanukovich had long talked about signing them at a major conference that begins on Thursday in Vilnius, Lithuania.
In contrast with 2004, they say they are focused entirely on raising standards of living, and putting Ukraine on track to become a member of the European Union so they could obtain the benefits that they see are now enjoyed by neighboring Poland and by the fellow ex-Soviet republics in the Baltics.
“I want to live in a country where the law is not just a word in the dictionary,” said Kateryna Zhemchuzhnykova, 25, a journalist who has been leading protests in the city of Donetsk in the traditionally Russia-friendly eastern half of Ukraine. They said they wanted a country “where people are free to tell what they think; to do what they want; to go where they dream.”
Ms. Zhemchuzhnykova said that while their demonstrations had been relatively small, numbering 150 to 200 people each evening, and that protesters had faced some heckling, there had been no rallies in Donetsk in opposition to the accords with the European Union.
Terrorism is a two-prong attack: The first part is the assault itself, the seemingly random destruction and slaughter of innocent people. The second part is the response of the victims: If the attack is truly successful, the victims will retaliate by betraying their own standards of conduct, demonstrating to the world that they are just as bad as the terrorists said they were.
In that sense, the members of the Bush Administration were the perfect patsies for the attacks of September 11, 2001. The response to those attacks has included the open-ended incarceration of hundreds of suspected terrorists without evidence, charges, lawyers, trials, or any concept of due process; the widespread use of torture and humiliation in violation of international law and common human decency; and the unprovoked and unjustifiable invasion of Iraq. In dragging this country into its darkest and most morally reprehensible era, the Bush Administration has done more damage to America than Osama bin Laden could possibly have imagined.
This horrifying descent is brilliantly described by journalist Jane Mayer in The Dark Side: The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned into a War on American Ideals (Doubleday, 2008).
The dynamics of the Bush Administration will doubtlessly be analyzed by historians for centuries to come. At the top is a man incapable of analytical thought and possessing only a rudimentary moral sense, and they play a relatively minor role in The Dark Side. The biggest villains in this book are Vice President Chaney, the man who provided the title (“We'll have to work sort of the dark side, if you will” — p. 9) and particularly their legal counsel and (later) Chief of Staff David Addington.
Cheney's experience in the Nixon and Ford administrations apparently convinced them that in the wake of the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandals, too much power had been stripped from the Executive branch, particularly during wartime. Cheney believed
There was too much international law, too many civil liberties, too many constraints on the President's war powers, too many rights for defendants, and too many rules against lethal covert action. There was also too much openness and too much meddling by Congress and the press. (p. 7)
Cheney seems to have found their perfect ally in David Addington, who storms through this book like a grotesque bully, enraged at even the slightest manifestation of humanity as “squishy” thinking. At various times, a seeming savior shows up (like virtually everyone in this book, a hardcore Republication) appalled by what the Bush Administration has been doing, only to be ridiculed and swatted down by Addington and persuaded to rethink their career goals.
Addington is the force behind the most shameful legal opinions of the Bush Administration — Colin Powell said flatly “He doesn't believe in the Constitution” (p. 87) and Powell's chief of staff Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson indicated Addington has “no scruples” (p. 125) and thus could easily manipulate “someone who doesn't read a lot or pay attention to the details” (ie, Bush). Addington was clearly a dominating influence over Alberto Gonzales (a man evidently not comfortable in the deep end of the pool), and found a companion-in-arms in John Yoo.
Yoo's specialty was the area of presidential power during war. Unlike most mainstream academics, they likened the president's powers to that of British kings, arguing that America's founders had meant for presidents to be able to wage war almost as unilaterally. (p. 51)
How much power does John Yoo think the President has in wartime? The right to torture is absolute: “It's the core of the commander in chief function. They [Congress] can't prevent the president from ordering torture.” When asked, for example, whether a law could prevent the president from “crushing the testicles of the [interrogated] person's child” they responded “I think it depends on why the president thinks they need to do that.” (p. 153)
White House lawyers are supposed to inform their bosses when a particular plan is illegal and shouldn't be pursued. The lawyers in the Bush White House seem to function more like mob lawyers: When their bosses want to do something illegal, the lawyers simply help them break the law.
The Dark Side is particularly strong in its analysis of torture. Many centuries ago, torture was a normal part of the judicial process, but it began being viewed as immoral during the Enlightenment over two centuries ago. (See Chapter Two of Lynn Hunt's fascinating Inventing Human Rights: A History for more background on this moral evolution.) Opposition to torture and the granting of civil rights to defendants has thus been part of fundamental American principles and ideals from the time of Enlightenment-influenced documents like the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution.
Prior to the Bush Administration, when we thought about torture in the United States, we might have thought about backrooms of police stations, but for the use of torture as a matter of official public policy, we really need to go back to the Salem Witch Trials in the late 17th century.
Jane Mayer documents a great deal of torture — in U.S. run prisons outside the United States, in the prison at Guantánamo Bay, and the prison at Abu Ghraib. Most Americans still believe that the shocking photographs taken at Abu Ghraib were just a few guards messing around. But what they were doing was part of official American policy. Mayer demonstrates how Rumsfeld wanted Major General Geoffrey Miller, the commander in Guantánamo, to “Gitmoize” Iraq, and
in a break with traditional military doctrine, Miller advocated using ordinary military police officers who worked as guards in the prison to participate in the interrogation process, even though they had not been trained for this. The guards, they wrote, “must be actively engaged in setting the conditions for successful exploitation of the internees.” Miller also recommended using military dogs for interrogation. (p. 241)
I'm not sure they intended for the guards to take photographs of the process, however.
It is not only the immorality of these activities that is so shocking. From a legal viewpoint, torture is incredibly stupid. Once the Bush Administration began torturing prisoners, and shipping them to other countries to be tortured some more, they essentially gave up on due process. A prisoner whose rights have been violated cannot be successfully prosecuted, even in a military tribunal, and evidence obtained through torture cannot be used to prosecute someone else. The vast majority of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay will never be prosecuted.
Torture would be wrong even if it sometimes yielded good information. But even that's in doubt, because when people are tortured, they will say just about anything. After the CIA rendered Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi to Egypt where they were tortured, they described a fictitious relationship between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda — information that was then used by the Bush Administration in building the case for the war against Iraq. “We've learned that Iraq has trained Al Qaeda members in bomb-making and poisons and deadly gasses.” (p. 135-6) said President Bush in a speech on October 7, 2002. What they learned was simply wrong, and the major justification for invading Iraq was completely bogus.
What's most astonishing is that the members of the Bush Administration deepest into the torture culture knew that they were doing something illegal, and they often tried to protect themselves from being prosecuted for war crimes.
Yet, they just can't stop. Even when Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act (introduced to the Senate by John McCain), President Bush signed it on December 30, 2005 only with an Addington-drafted “presidential ‘signing statement' suggesting that Bush would only enforce the new law ‘in a manner consistent with' their constitutional role as commander in chief,” which in Addington's view allowed unlimited powers.
In presenting a torture-loving America to the rest of the world, the Bush Administration has caused an incalculable amount of harm. Mayer quotes Eric Haseltine, the former top adviser on science and technology to the Director of National Intelligence:
I came away from my many visits to the Middle East convinced there is a widespread belief that if America abuses prisoners, then there can be no true freedom for anyone…. It seemed to me that our greatest sin in the eyes of Muslims was not invading the Middle East, or even our support of Israel: our greatest sin was robbing Muslims of hope. (p. 331)
The Dark Side is a gripping history of a very un-American chapter in American history. One is left wondering just how the United States can begin the long climb out of the moral cesspool that was the Bush Administration.
I have come to the conclusion that it's necessary for us to demonstrate to the world (and to ourselves) that the past seven years have been an aberration, and that rogue regimes in this country will not be tolerated.
In other words, the “community of law-abiding citizens [should join] in prohibiting, investigating, and prosecuting all acts of torture and in undertaking to prevent other cruel and unusual punishment” as George W. Bush said on June 26, 2003, in a statement on the United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture. (p. 238)
I think the new Justice Department has an obligation to begin a full investigation into war crimes committed during the Bush Administration, and to bring criminal charges if necessary. I'm not talking about prosecuting the grunts on the ground who committed the actual acts. I'm talking about the people who gave them permission to violate international law and the laws of the United States.
Everybody knows at whose desk the buck stops.
The day of reckoning had finally arrived...OK..that's probably a bit histrionic. Last Friday, August 21, was the date set for the continuance of the zoning board appeals ruling on the fate of the medical marijuana (MMJ) dispensary, Green Gate Compassion Center, at 6501 N. Western in the Rogers Park neighborhood. Those of us in favor had waited for 3 months since the original date of the hearing for a ruling. 50th ward Alderman Silverstein hadn't budged one iota on their position. "I am in favor of medical marijuana, but am opposed to the location," seems to be their mantra. Them reasoning is that it is across from a large park where children congregate. So what?
I and many of my fellow residents have been working hard to gain support for this dispensary. Our wonderful state of Illinois has the most stringent medical marijuana laws in the entire country. Aren't we special? It is so difficult to get zoning permission for a dispensary that if it is not approved, it is not easy to find another location. Not only that, but this is the only state where MMJ patients are required to be fingerprinted. I had been sending out FB posts all week about the meeting, asking those in favor to please attend, since Alderman Silverstein insisted on telling us that there was much opposition to the location. However, I saw a lot more people in favor than against at the hearing.
When I arrived at City Hall at 2pm, it was a chaotic free for all, with hundreds of people seated and several dozen people milling around. There was a line of people waiting to sign petitions and it was confusing as to what and where we were supposed to sign. The meeting started fairly promptly and there were other orders of business before our case was called. I was expecting it to be a long afternoon, since Bob Kingsley, owner/operator of Green Gate Center told us at the informational meeting the week before that we were not one of the first cases. Surprisingly, our case was called after a few minutes. The dissenters consisted of a white woman my age and an Hispanic family of parents and children who did not speak English. We were told there would be a delay until a translator was located.
At first, this news really annoyed me, because I could think of better things I could be doing and it was REALLY hot in the hall due to all the bodies present. While we were waiting, the case of Harborside Illinois Grown Medicine in the south side neighborhood of Chatham was up for a vote. I had seen posts on FB about there being opposition to the clinic, but I had no inkling of the severity of the opposition until I got to the zoning meeting.
When the hearing appeals chairperson asked if there was any opposition, there was an uproar in the room and about 100 people stood up, voicing their absolutely disdain for the entire idea of the clinic. I hope what I am about to say next will not be viewed as racist in any way. In my own defense, I have a biracial Hispanic/Black adopted son...who BTW, accuses me of being racist about 20 times a day. But here goes...the vast majority of residents in attendance were older and black. I would venture to guess that they know of a lot of blacks, young and old, male and female, who have been convicted on marijuana charges who are most likely incarcerated. As far as they are concerned, illegal, recreational marijuana is an evil drug with absolutely no redeeming value; a scourge on their neighborhood. What seemed abundantly clear to me was that they had no interest, whatsoever, in learning about its medicinal value.
One very nicely dressed, dapper, older black gentleman came to the microphone and simply said "we don't want it." There was a lot of shouting from the gallery when a motion for a continuance was suggested. When it was granted for November, 20, 2015, there was an outcry from the residents. I don't want to be a "Debbie Downer" here, but to me, a 3 month continuance is tantamount to "kicking the can down the road" for no reason. I can't imagine that there is an advocacy group that could change the mindset of the residents of Chatham...but I could be wrong. And then, all those people left and we were on to our case.
The first 30 minutes of the proceedings was a question and answer period between the hearing appeals chairperson and Bob Kingsley; they were asked to describe the inside and the outside of the facility in great detail. There were a lot of questions about security which was warranted as it is a cash business. Two full-time guards would be stationed at the dispensary during the day and one guard would be present all night. They would not be armed. The president of the security company spoke as well as the appraiser and the land use expert.
Mr. Kingsley's intention is to hire veterans and disabled residents of the 49th and 50th wards to work at the dispensary. If they do not have enough people, they will open up the hiring to the public.
Next we got to statements by the objectors. A woman my age trotted out the same spurious argument as that of the alderman. Furthermore, they claimed that people leaving the dispensary would be "sitting ducks" for thieves since only marijuana is for sale there, unlike CVS where it is unclear whether patrons might be buying breakfast cereal or Oxycontin. Next up was the dad followed by the mom whose testimonies were translated from Spanish. Same old argument...my kids play at the park and we don't want marijuana users anywhere near them. They might as well have said..."people who use MMJ are potheads, drug users and criminals who will be trying to sell their drugs to kids." This is so far from the truth AND many of the MMJ strains contain very low THC, the stuff that makes people stoned.
The best testimony of the proceedings was from the young son of this same family. Here's what they said "please don't build it because I'm afraid if someone told me to take drugs from there, I would be scared to say no." Soooo, let me get this straight...this 7 or 8 year old kid came up with this all by their lonesome and no one coached them to say that. Yeah...right. I'm NOT going to point fingers at who might have told them to say that because I have no proof but I have my theories.
Then, there was the crazy guy who didn't even live in the ward and liked the sound of their own voice and would not SHUT THE HELL UP. Suffice it to say that they were an objector. I actually started heckling him. I mean, come on!!!!
Three neighborhood people spoke very eloquently in favor of the dispensary, including a mom of 3 small children who frequent the park on a daily basis, a lawyer who does mostly cannabis related work and Peter Sifnotis, Executive Director of POWR (People of West Ridge) who presented the ZBA with a petition with 155 signatures.
People deserve access to medical marijuana and the 50th ward needs the revenue generated by the dispensary. The building and its landscaping would definitely improve the look of the neighborhood as the current building on the site is not exactly attractive. It seems like a win-win and a no-brainer...and yet its passage is far from guaranteed ...and we are all awaiting the decision by the zoning board.
And I really wish reporters would stop referring to them as "Pot Clinics!"
I've written a series of posts about medical marijuana. If you want to read more you can click on the "Medical Marijuana" tag at the top of my page.
If you want to get more involved in helping Illinois move forward...and boy, do we need help, here...there are resources and links to groups on the Americans for Safe Acess-Illinois page that are doing just that. Americans for Safe Access is a national program, so if you are not an Illinoisian, check out a chapter in your state.
http://www.safeaccessnow.org/join_asa?recruiter_id=1872
If you enjoy my rantings and ravings and don't want to miss a single new post, please sign up for a subscription. It's really easy. Here's how...
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Be sure to LIKE my Facebook Fan Page and follow me on Twitter
We have been using Rust at Sentry quite successfully for more than a year now. However, when others have asked us how they can do the same, we've previously been unable to advocate for our particular approach because we weren't totally happy with it. As we continued to expand the amount of Rust code on our side, this unhappiness became a bigger issue and it felt like we should take another look at how we were managing it.
This second look ultimately became the Milksnake Python library, which can (among other things) be used for building Python packages that include Rust code. We use this in production for all our Rust code now and feel confident sharing it with the wider world.
What Is Milksnake
Milksnake is a Python module that hooks into the setuptools system with the help of CFFI to execute external build commands. These commands can build native shared libraries which then in turn get loaded by Python through CFFI. This means that Milksnake — unlike earlier approaches — is not Rust specific and can also be used to build C or C++ extension modules for Python.
What makes Milksnake different than other systems (like the integrated extension module system in distutils) is this particular use of CFFI. Milksnake helps you compile and ship shared libraries that do not link against libpython either directly or indirectly. This means it generates a very specific type of Python wheel. Since the extension modules do not link against libpython they are completely Python version or implementation independent. The same wheel works for Python 2.7, 3.6 or PyPy. As such if you use milksnake you only need to build one wheel per platform and CPU architecture.
What does this mean in practice? Well, look at our symbolic Rust Python Library as an example: it can be installed directly from PyPI without requiring a Rust compiler on Mac and Linux (our supported platforms) and we only need to publish three wheels. See for yourself.
The only requirement from the user is a version of pip that is new enough to support wheels of this format.
A Birds Eye View
For Rust, the general setup we follow looks roughly like this. We:
build our Rust code into reusable crates build a new crate that exposes a nice C-ABI use cbindgen (not bindgen, which works the other way round) to generate C headers use Milksnake to automatically generate low-level bindings from this crate and headers generate high-level Python wrappers around the low-level bindings
Using Milksnake
If you have your crate and headers, then the use of Milksnake is straightforward and all you need is a setup.py like this:
from setuptools import setup , find_packages def build_native ( spec ): build = spec . add_external_build ( cmd = [ 'cargo' , 'build' , '--release' ], path = './rust' ) spec . add_cffi_module ( module_path = 'example._native' , dylib = lambda : build . find_dylib ( 'example' , in_path = 'target/release' ), header_filename = 'include/example.h' , rtld_flags = [ 'NOW' , 'NODELETE' ] ) setup ( name = 'example' , packages = find_packages (), include_package_data = True , setup_requires = [ 'milksnake' ], install_requires = [ 'milksnake' ], milksnake_tasks = [ build_native ], )
What does it do? When setuptools runs it now invokes milksnake tasks. These are lazily defined in a function, and a specification object is passed which can be modified. What we care about is declaring a build command which will be invoked in a specific path (in this case ./rust where we have our Rust C-ABI project).
Then we declare a CFFI module. This needs a Python module path where the CFFI module will be placed, the path to the target dylib (here we use a lambda to lazily return this after the build finished) and the filename to the C header which defines the functions in the dylib. Lastly, due to a Rust limitation, we cannot safely unload Rust modules on OS X, so we need to pass the RTLD_NODELETE flag upon loading it.
Exposing C-ABIs
Writing a C-ABI can be daunting, but with cbindgen and some macros it can be done really nicely. To give you an idea of how our C bindings work, imagine we wrap high level Rust crates in nice C libraries that have an API that makes sense in C and can be consumed from Python.
This means:
We do not panic. If we encounter a panic due to a bug then we catch the panic in a landing pad and convert it into a failure.
Errors are communicated through threadlocals to the caller (similar to errno) to make it less inconvenient to automatically wrap. Helper functions are provided to detail if there was an error and what the value was.
Tracebacks from panics are also stored in a threadlocal so we can attach it to Python exceptions later.
All errors are given unique codes.
All types are wrapped. So if we have a sourcemap::SourceMap type in Rust we make a SymbolicSourcemap void type for the C-ABI and internally transmute from one to the other. Types are always unsized in the C-ABI unless they are very simple structs.
We use macros to automatically perform error and panic handling.
The end result gives us something like this:
/// Represents a source view pub struct SymbolicSourceView ; ffi_fn! { /// Creates a source view from a given path. /// /// This shares the underlying memory and does not copy it if that is /// possible. Will ignore utf-8 decoding errors. unsafe fn symbolic_sourceview_from_bytes ( bytes : * const c_char , len : usize ) -> Result <* mut SymbolicSourceView > { let sv = SourceView :: from_bytes ( slice :: from_raw_parts ( bytes as * const _ , len )); Ok ( Box :: into_raw ( Box :: new ( sv )) as * mut SymbolicSourceView ) } } ffi_fn! { /// Frees a source view. unsafe fn symbolic_sourceview_free ( ssv : * mut SymbolicSourceView ) { if ! ssv .is_null () { let sv = ssv as * mut SourceView < 'static > ; Box :: from_raw ( sv ); } } } ffi_fn! { /// Returns the underlying source (borrowed). unsafe fn symbolic_sourceview_as_str ( ssv : * const SymbolicSourceView ) -> Result < SymbolicStr > { let sv = ssv as * mut SourceView < 'static > ; Ok ( SymbolicStr :: new (( * sv ) .as_str ())) } }
As you can see, we return Result enums here but the macro converts this into raw C types. The C-ABI just gets a zeroed value on error and can use a utility function of the ABI to see if an error was stashed into the threadlocal. Likewise we do not use standard C strings but have a simple SymbolicStr in our library that holds a pointer, the length of the string, and optional info like if the string is borrowed or needs freeing to make building generic APIs easier.
We then just run cbindgen to spit out a C header. For the above functions the generated output looks like this:
/* * Represents a source view */ struct SymbolicSourceView ; typedef struct SymbolicSourceView SymbolicSourceView ; /* * Creates a source view from a given path. * * This shares the underlying memory and does not copy it if that is * possible. Will ignore utf-8 decoding errors. */ SymbolicSourceView * symbolic_sourceview_from_bytes ( const char * bytes , size_t len ); /* * Frees a source view. */ void symbolic_sourceview_free ( SymbolicSourceView * ssv ); /* * Returns the underlying source (borrowed). */ SymbolicStr symbolic_sourceview_as_str ( const SymbolicSourceView * ssv );
Note that we did not to specify [repr(C)] for SymbolicSourceView in the Rust code. The type is unsized and we only ever refer to it via pointers. With C representation, cbindgen would generate an empty struct which has undefined behavior in the C standard.
Low-level CFFI Usage
To get a feeling for how we use these functions, it's key to know that the basic C functions are simply exposed as such in Python. This means we make high level wrappers for them. The most common such wrapper is our rustcall function, which does automatic error handling:
# this is where the generated cffi module lives from symbolic._lowlevel import ffi , lib class SymbolicError ( Exception ): pass # Can register specific error subclasses for codes exceptions_by_code = {} def rustcall ( func , * args ): """Calls rust method and does some error handling.""" lib . symbolic_err_clear () rv = func ( * args ) err = lib . symbolic_err_get_last_code () if not err : return rv msg = lib . symbolic_err_get_last_message () cls = exceptions_by_code . get ( err , SymbolicError ) raise cls ( decode_str ( msg )) def decode_str ( s , free = False ): """Decodes a SymbolicStr""" try : if s . len == 0 : return u'' return ffi . unpack ( s . data , s . len ) . decode ( 'utf-8' , 'replace' ) finally : if free : lib . symbolic_str_free ( ffi . addressof ( s ))
As you can see, we haven't shared some of the functions we used here with you yet, but you probably get the idea of what they look like. The entirety of the system can be found on github.
Highlevel CFFI Wrappers
Out of this low-level API we can build higher level wrappers. We try to anchor the lifetime of objects in the Python space and invoke the deallocation functions on the Rust/C side that way. For this we typically use a basic object type:
class RustObject ( object ): __dealloc_func__ = None _objptr = None def __init__ ( self ): raise TypeError ( 'Cannot instanciate % r objects' % self . __class__ . __name__ ) @ classmethod def _from_objptr ( cls , ptr ): rv = object . __new__ ( cls ) rv . _objptr = ptr return rv def _get_objptr ( self ): if not self . _objptr : raise RuntimeError ( 'Object is closed' ) return self . _objptr def _methodcall ( self , func , * args ): return rustcall ( func , self . _get_objptr (), * args ) def __del__ ( self ): if self . _objptr is None : return f = self . __class__ . __dealloc_func__ if f is not None : rustcall ( f , self . _objptr ) self . _objptr = None
Below is an example use of this:
from symbolic._lowlevel import lib class SourceView ( RustObject ): __dealloc_func__ = lib . symbolic_sourceview_free @ classmethod def from_bytes ( cls , data ): data = bytes ( data ) rv = cls . _from_objptr ( rustcall ( lib . symbolic_sourceview_from_bytes , data , len ( data ))) # we need to keep this reference alive or we crash. hard. rv . __data = data return rv def get_source ( self ): return decode_str ( self . _methodcall ( lib . symbolic_sourceview_as_str ))
Here an object is created through a class method. Because we track memory from the Python side we need to ensure that the Python object holds strong references to the input data (in this case the bytes). Otherwise we will crash in Rust once the Python bytes have been garbage collected.
Outlook
As you can see, there is still a lot of work that goes into making all of this function, which may lead you to ask: can this be automated? We hope to be able to do so at some point, but right now we we don't yet want to go down this path for a wide range of reasons. The main one being that we would likely be depending on highly unstable interfaces in the Rust compiler and we'd prefer to wait for all of this to stabilize first.
That said, there are competing systems in the Rust/Python world which all require linking against libpython. Obviously, this makes things significantly easier than far as data exchange between Python and Rust goes, but the complexity it adds to the build process (mainly the number of wheels we would need to build and that we would not get PyPy support) is not worth it.
Daisy gets their photo taken, and Hourly Comic Day 2019!
All that hair makes a bad hair day a very bad day indeed. It's Photo Day at Roseville High, and Daisy woke up a mess!
Within Photo Day, the latest 9-page addition to the Bittersweet Club International members' library, you'll see how Rachel helps their good friend get their problems straightened out.
Photo Day is the 40th comic we're posting for our beloved Club members, who get to enjoy over four hundred other pages of stuff made just for them! Plus, of course:
Member-only gifts in the mail.
A plastic membership card.
Special sparkly name for their Candybooru account.
A nicer website with all the ads removed.
Don't miss out on all these lovely things! Don't miss out on the newest comic! Join for $45 and become a BCI member today!
And… beyond the world of BCB, Hourly Comics Day just passed! Would you like to learn what February 1, 2019 was really like?
Every hourly comic is available in this Twitter moment! So go read them!
Last, but not least, for our Kickstarter backers, we posted an update! The bottom line is that Volume Six is coming this month, and we expect to get most of them delivered in March. After that, we'll debut it in the store! Updates… forthcoming!
— Veronica and Oliver
HISTORIC Scotland say they will install a new Saltire in Edinburgh castle in a bid to quell a row over which flag should fly highest in the landmark.
Campaigners have been trying for years to raise the Saltire to the top of the castle, but they say they are unhappy with the new proposal.
The Union flag currently has pride of place at the highest point in the castle, but Saltire Scotland wants to install another flagpole so the Scottish flag is even higher.
Now Historic Scotland, who manage Edinburgh castle along with many other historic sites around the country, say they will put a new Saltire by the One O'Clock Gun.
This means it will be 100ft below the current Union flag, and the ‘halfway' measure has been slammed as wasteful.
The castle is the symbolic home of the British army, a fact which has derailed previous bids to simply replace the Union flag with a Saltire.
Mark Hirst, of Saltire Scotland, said: “Historic Scotland and the culture minister have taken the absurd decision to obey Army law on flag flying even though they are not legally subject to it.
“This proposal demonstrates they are committed to relegating the Saltire, our national flag, to what the MoD has described as the ‘subservient position' on Scotland's most iconic landmark.
“Given it will be virtually indistinguishable from the surrounding buildings people will be entitled to ask, what's the point?
“Instead of flying the Saltire from a new flag pole it might be more appropriate if they were to hoist the white flag.”
Emma Boon, the Taxpayers Alliance, said: “This halfway measure means no-one gets what they wanted yet taxpayers still have to fork out thousands of pounds.
“There's no room for both the Union flag and the Saltire to fly at the same height.”
Historic Scotland say the new flagpole will allow tourists to have their picture taken while they are framed by the flag and the vista of Edinburgh the castle offers.
A spokesperson for the organisation said: “We are working on a planning application to install an eight metre high flagpole on the north side of Edinburgh Castle which would be visible from Princes Street and elsewhere and we believe it would be an enhancement to what is one of the best city skylines in the world.
“It will also allow visitors to be photographed at the flagpole with the city in the background which has not been possible before.”
The free to play world, if one can call it a world, has a bunch of success stories, some of them tall, some of them short. The tale that seems to cause them all to pale, however, is the success of League Of Legends. The hero-based multiplayer battle arena game's developers, Riot Games, have just announced a doubling of their active player based in just four months. That's up to eleven million active players, with total registrants at thirty two million, which is getting up to Steam sort of numbers. You have to consider that when things get this popular, and are free, a number of people are going to be dipping in to see what all the fuss is about, deciding it's not for them, and leaving again. Nevertheless these figures are not to be sneezed at, especially when League Of Legends is fairly hardcore in the scheme of things.
Anyway, Riot did a lovely (but info-lite) infographic so that you can see what 32 million registered players means. What it means is that the prize money for season two of the game is five million dollars. And I should imagine that's a drop in the ocean against what Riot are bringing home. Mmm, cashy.
Monday, June 5th, 2017 (5:47 pm) - Score 1,818
The Internet Service Providers Association (ISPA) has today warned the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Theresa May, that there is a risk of “unintended consequences that could undermine our defences” if they force through aggressive new measures to tackle online “extremism“.
Tragically London was hit by yet another significant terrorist incident over the weekend and politicians from all sides promptly condemned the attack, although the Prime Minister also went one further by saying “enough is enough” and pledging that, if re-elected, they would press forward with tough new measures to stop terrorists from abusing the Internet.
Theresa May, UK Prime Minister, said: “We cannot allow this ideology the safe space it needs to breed. Yet that is precisely what the internet – and the big companies that provide internet-based services – provide. We need to work with allied, democratic governments to reach international agreements that regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorist planning. And we need to do everything we can at home to reduce the risks of extremism online.”
As usual there was a distinct lack of detail in May's speech, although they do appear keen to pursue companies that use end-to-end encryption to protect private communications, such as by forcing them to hand over the content of those chats. But for that to work those companies would need to weaken encryption and we'll come back to that later.
The recent Conservative Party manifesto (here) also included vague references to tackling online bullying and “horrific content,” which always sounds fair on the surface but often ends up overlooking the realities of human behaviour and how the internet / ISPs actually work. Once again we don't yet have any real details of the policy.
At the same time both Internet CONTENT and Internet ACCESS providers (each requires a different approach but sadly UK laws are often generalised for both) have warned that they already put a huge effort into tackling such content.
A Spokesperson for the ISPA said: “We condemn the attacks that took place on Saturday night and our thoughts are with the victims and their families. The Internet industry takes this issue very seriously, and together with relevant authorities and civil society, continually looks to improve processes and ways of removing content. Significant steps have been taken over recent months and years to limit the ability of terrorists to misuse the internet and social media. The UK Government and the security services already have substantial powers in this area and the Internet industry complies with the laws and regulations in the UK and elsewhere. When considering the need for more powers to regulate the Internet, policymakers need to be fully aware of the effectiveness of existing powers, resources to deal with the threat and the impact any new measures may have, including unintended consequences that could undermine our defences – for instance the weakening of cybersecurity. Technology is only one part of the wider approach to dealing with radicalisation, which is a complex international challenge that requires an international response.”
Arguably the Government has already moved a bulldozer onto the lawn by successfully passing the Investigatory Powers Act (IPAct) into law, although this still hasn't been fully implemented due to some complex legal, cost and technical challenges where the Government has yet to provide a complete answer (example).
In other words, it could be argued that the security services already have a wealth of data at their disposal but what they lack is the manpower to monitor suspects in the off-line world, which is incredibly difficult to resolve. We recall one police force saying that it's possible for up to 60 offices to be involved with the monitoring of just a single individual and if you have thousands of potential targets.. trouble.
The question of tackling end-to-end encryption is similarly difficult. Encryption is of course used all over the place, for everything from securing your credit card transactions to keeping your messages private. It is an essential tool and one that only works if the decryption keys are kept hidden, sometimes even from the service owner.
As security experts so often warn, you can't allow one state or group to have special access and then expect that not to be abused by others (e.g. hackers or less democratic countries). On this point the Government are perhaps guilty of not being very worldly, since weakening the encryption supplied by British firms will do little to stop its use by criminals or terrorists.
Encryption is not Apple, Facebook or Twitter. Encryption is a method that anybody or country can setup and use. A clever terrorist probably has better ways to keep in touch with their fellow nut-jobs than to post a message on Twitter or Facebook, although the latter do make for useful promotional tools.
On that front Internet firms face the same impossible challenge to their resources as the police. In the online world a single person can easily setup a website that allows hundreds of thousands of people to communicate and this is one of the key ways in which the online and off-line world differs.
For example, Twitter has 313 million “active” users but only 3,860 employees. Obviously that means that when such companies are forced to filter then they often have to become increasingly reliant upon automated systems, which are just as likely to stifle free speech as they are to tackle terrorist content.
Lest we forget that there's also the very problem of how you define “extremism” in the first place and then separate it from criticism of the same subject, satire, the right to cause offence and so forth (context is very important). On that point we'll finish by quoting from the boss of UK ISP Andrews and Arnold (AAISP).
WASHINGTON D.C., – During President Obama's moving speech on health care Wednesday evening, South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson (R) yelled out “You lie!” when the President stated their plan would not provide coverage for illegal immigrants. Many who heard their comment instantly began speculating that such an outburst could only come from someone with touretts syndrome. Although the jury is still out -Wilson denied they have or has ever suffered from touretts syndrome- but did not provide any suporting evidence to justify their denials. Wilson released this formal apology immediately following the conclusion of the President's speech:
This evening it looks as if I let my emotions get the best of me when listening to the President's remarks regarding the whole health care thing. But there is more than meets the eye here. To be honest with y'all, I frankly don't know enough about all this health insurance mess to agree or disagree with the President's statements about them Mexicans getting their hands on my health care. Rather, my comments were a direct result of Senator Grassley challenging me by saying: ‘I didn't have the balls to pull a Glenn Beck and scream out something illogical and crazy during the speech.' They even claimed ‘Pelosi has got bigger balls than you.' They also said they were ‘so sure I'd chicken out that he'd be willing to bet their own membership in the Gang of Six that I wouldn't do it.'
Now, I wasn't going to let ole' Chucky get one on me, plus the Gang of Six are so awesome, everyone knows they throw the biggest keggers in D.C. Plus, I really wanted one of them leather jackets they wear with the cool number 6 on the back of it- I'd be like the Fonz of the House man. So, I yelled it loud as hell, unfortunately I didn't time it right cause- at the very moment I started screaming everyone decided to get quiet. So all you heard was me screaming ‘You lie!' I know how all this must look, but trust me we pull much crazier crap than that all the time over at the C-street house. Anyways, I also know without all this context- my comments might have seemed inappropriate to the viewers at home and the President. Hopefully, y'all can understand where I was coming from given the circumstances. I would like to extend my sincere apologies to the President for my outburst, and they also deserve an apology from Senator Grassley who started it all. Hopefully, I don't think they'll be any hard feelings, because they know that I don't know enough about health care enough to have just blurted something out without being provoked.
WASHINGTON – Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a leading gun control advocate, said Sunday no law could have stopped the Las Vegas gunman, Stephen Paddock.
“No, they passed background checks registering for handguns and other weapons on multiple occasions,” Feinstein told CBS's “Face the Nation.”
But that hasn't stopped the California Democrat from authoring legislation to ban so-called “bump stocks” which Paddock used to convert semi-automatic guns to behave more like illegal fully automatic weapons.
Republicans and the National Rifle Association have expressed openness to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives placing regulations on bump stocks. But they worry penning new legislation in Congress would be a slippery slope to more intrusive gun controls.
“Regulations aren't going to do it,” Feinstein said on the need for a law over an ATF rule. “We need a law. It can't be changed by another president.”
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre has called for the ATF to review its previous approval of bump stock sales, but wouldn't commit to Feinstein's legislative ban on the accessories.
“I think you want to tell ATF to do its job. It's an interpretive issue and they need to get the job done,” LaPierre said Sunday on “Face the Nation.”
Feinstein, who has actively pushed for assault weapon bans in the past, marveled at how their legislation — a narrow ban of bump stocks — is less ambitious.
“The state is sad,” Feinstein said of the debate over guns in America on NBC's “Meet the Press.” “America is a gun-happy country. And I think there are many of us in growing numbers that don't want a gun-happy country.”
Meanwhile, lawmakers are considering an NRA-backed plan for a concealed carry reciprocity law which would allow someone who has a concealed carry permit in one state it to carry a gun throughout all states, like a license to drive.
“That bill is it's terrible,” Feinstein said. “I represent 40 million Californians, and I can say without hesitation Californians do not want concealed carry.”
Sen. Charles Schumer has also called the legislation “dangerous” by allowing concealed handguns to be carried on New York City subways, tourist hubs and Penn Station.
But LaPierre said it's important “good guys” can protect themselves – regardless of their location.
“People want to be able to protect themselves when they cross a state line,” LaPierre said. “That's why we're fighting for reciprocity. It's about the good guys protecting themselves.”
They added: “Nobody should be forced to face evil with empty hands.”
Image caption Scottish Cycling Legend Graeme Obree helped launch the event
Cycling events in Glasgow and Edinburgh have been billed as "Scotland's biggest bike ride".
A number of roads in Glasgow were closed to allow thousands of cyclists to ride in a traffic-free environment.
The day was part of the Sky Ride campaign, which aims to get one million more people riding a bike by 2013.
Its organisers joined forces with Pedal for Scotland, which hosted two Glasgow to Edinburgh rides and a family event in Edinburgh.
The Glasgow 10.6km route started at the Riverside Museum and took participants down Anderson Quay and Clyde Street to Glasgow Green, then along Broomielaw and Lancefield Quay back towards to museum.
Hosted by British Cycling and Sky in partnership with Glasgow Life, it aimed to encourage complete beginners, children and lapsed cyclists to get on their bikes.
Affected roads were to be closed to traffic between 5:00 and 19:00.
'Unrivalled festival'
The freshnlo Pedal for Scotland nine-mile (14.5km) family cycle in Edinburgh started in Kirkliston Leisure Centre, and the 47-mile Challenge Ride and 94-mile Sportive route started at Glasgow Green.
All three rides finished at Murrayfield Stadium.
Ahead of the rides, Councillor George Redmond, chairperson of Glasgow Life, said: "We are delighted to be bringing these two events together to create what will be an unrivalled festival of cycling in Scotland.
"Together they give thousands of people from across the country the opportunity to take part in what will genuinely be Scotland's biggest bike ride.
"From traffic-free streets in Glasgow to the truly unique challenge of cycling between Scotland's two main cities, it promises to be a day that will be enjoyed by cyclists of all ages and abilities."
SAN FRANCISCO — With Sutro Tower looming above and Golden Gate Park in the background, the 49ers took the field Wednesday at Kezar Stadium — their home from 1946-1970 — in front of an excited group of faithful fans.
What should have been a fun, albeit gimmicky, trip down memory lane was instead a reminder that the modern-day 49ers have everything to do with Santa Clara and nothing to do with San Francisco.
The 49ers haven't held a practice at Kezar since 2004 and haven't played at Candlestick Park since 2013, so this was a rare field trip to The City.
The magnitude of the occasion, even if it was nothing more than a regular day of training camp, was not lost on the fans. There was an excited energy on the corner of Stanyan and Frederick that seemed illogical for a rebuilding team that's dreaming of an 8-8 season. That's because the 49ers were back where they belong: San Francisco, an iconic city deserving of an iconic football franchise.
This isn't a knock on Santa Clara. But with all due respect, Santa Clara is no San Francisco. This also isn't an attempt to dredge up what went down between the 49ers and the city's politicians; the ship that took the 49ers 50 miles to the south has long since sailed. All that said, it's hard to ignore the obvious: Wednesday's “event” — a more fitting title than practice considering all the pomp and circumstance — served as a cruel reminder of how disconnected the city of San Francisco is from the team that brought so much joy to its population in years past.
The feeling that was palpable Wednesday — that of being in a place with a rich history — is impossible to recreate. It will be decades before Levi's Stadium can grow into something that invokes sentimentality and while Candlestick Park provided that feeling in spades, it's hard to tap into those memories when the site is turning into a shopping center and housing complex.
Back in 2000, when the Giants opened Pacific Bell Park, one local journalist said that with the tall task of building the ballpark complete, all that was left to do was fill it with memories. Fifteen years and three World Series titles later, the Giants' home is a San Francisco staple. But even if Jed York finally delivers a Lombardi Trophy and the 49ers develop another dynasty, there will still be something missing. That's because the move to Santa Clara created a troubling disconnect. The York-run 49ers essentially started with a clean slate, even if their new home has a much-publicized team museum. That's why the vibe at Kezar stood out so much. The 49ers found a way to tap back into their rich history Wednesday; the problem is it only lasted a few hours.
York and the team behind Levi's Stadium can't acknowledge any regret over leaving San Francisco because that would imply that there's something wrong with the billion-dollar project. And on paper, there isn't. The only thing that's disconcerting is the feel: less crowd noise, more Silicon Valley branding, a sterile and stodgy design. And since York's critics believe they care more about business than football, the move to Santa Clara can be considered a success in many ways. The team is still raking in a small fortune, despite a lackluster on-field product lately.
Money doesn't buy happiness, though, and the Candlestick-to-Levi's move provides a perfect example. Candlestick was an undeniable dump; Levi's is a clean, modern marvel. But to not factor in history and sentimentality into the equation was a mistake. The franchise should still call San Francisco home and the ghosts of Kezar would agree. The 49ers currently live 50 monumental miles from their birthplace. Wednesday's practice at Kezar Stadium felt like a child who's been away at college for a few years finally returning home to spend the holidays with family.
If Levi's Stadium struggles with attendance issues over the coming years, it's not preposterous to think that York — or whoever owns the team at the time — will attempt a move back to San Francisco a few decades down the line. Stadium construction protocol is trending towards a ridiculous pace. Franchises used to have a reasonable expectation for the lifespan of their homes. Now, teams like the Texas Rangers are holding their cities hostage for huge sums of money and tax breaks to get a new stadium built when there's truly no need for one. The 49ers don't fall into that category as Candlestick was certainly antiquated. And a return to the city wouldn't be worthy of scorn either (assuming it's predominantly privately financed), since fans would understand the sentimentality behind the decision. After all, you can't put a price on history.
listen here
yeah you
you BABY behind the screen
the BABY always complaining about s*** like "OH NO I GOT AN ORACLE BESTIE KILL ME NOW I'LL SELL Them FOR MERIT BECAUSE SHE'S' ORACLE"
YOU sir can jump straight down that level 100 of yours because that mentality is worse than that of someone who hasn't picked their f***ing starter
"BUT WAIT, BLAKE XI, ORACLE UNITS ARE F***ING USELESS OH BOO HOO MY KRANTZ SUCKS NOW They CAN'T MITIGATE WORTH S***--
YOU PUT YOUR MOUTH BACK UP YOUR ASS WHERE IT BELONGS
"BUT ORACLE TURNS MY UNITS USELESS-
AS USELESS AS YOUR BRAIN
ahem.
in pretty much EVERY single piece of content we have
in pretty much EVERY single response we make about types
in pretty much EVERY mode of gameplay there is in BF
there is always
ONE
ANSWER
UNIT > TYPE
OH GOD, YOU GOT AN ORACLE ELIMO? OH GO CRY ME THE NILE, FRUITCAKE, GIVE THAT ELIMO TO SOMEONE WHO VALUES ACTUALLY GETTING HER, NOT SOMEONE WHO FOCUSES SO DEEPLY ON TYPES
OH GOD NO, YOUR NEMETHGEAR AND HADARON ARE GUARDIAN? THAT MEANS THEIR DAMAGE IS WORTH S***? AHAHAHA AAAHAHAHAHAHA HAHHHAHAHA AHAHAHAHAHAHAH YOU CAN GO CRY
TYPES MATTER ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IN OUR GAME ANYMORE
first off
IMPS EXIST
second
SPHERES EXIST
third
LEADER SKILLS EXIST
fourth
IN JP BF, THERE IS SOMETHING CALLED ELGIFT
IT GRANTS AN EXTRA ES
SOME OF WHICH INCREASE HP, ATK, DEFENSE, AND REC
SOMETIMES ALL TOGETHER
PUT SOME Gods DAMN HP ELGIFTS ON YOUR CANDY-ASS ORACLES IF IT MAKES YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT, BOO HOO
WHY NOT PUT JUST ATTACK ON YOUR GUARDIANS BECAUSE IT "BALANCES OUT"
WHAT NEEDS BALANCING OUT IS YOUR PERCEPTION ON THE GAME
ahem.
that measly 700 HP your zenia is missing from oracle or that 300 attack your rowgen is missing from guardian will be as negligible as the attention span of a sloth if you put all those three together
"YES I GOT ANIMA OULU I CAN CLEAR EVERYTHING NOW"
nope NOPE BACK UP YOU IDIOT
people really start undervaluing rec now
COME TRIAL 007
PEOPLE WILL UNDERSTAND HOW IMPORTANT REC IS
"OH PLEASE WE CAN HEAL BACK TO FULL WITH HC AND HEALING"
fun fact: not even vertri, the highest burst heal in the game, can fully heal an anima zeldeus at max hp and rec
in this current state of the game
we are quickly approaching the threshold where we CANT heal to full anymore
"THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE, GO DIE YOU LEVEL 90 2 MONTHER"
that's just rude, piss off
anyway.
haven't you guys heard? in JP BF, oracle now lowers def instead of hp and guardian lowes rec instead of attack now. yay! FINALLY SOMETHING TO SHUT YOU DAMN TYPE RIOTERS UP
cough.
ANIMA is not the best type.
ORACLE is not the worst type.
TYPES DO NOT MATTER.
700 HP DIFFERENCE IS NOTHING.
200 ATTACK DIFFERENCE IS NOTHING.
every.
type.
IS.
LORD.
A massive fire spotted as far as six miles from the site began raging Monday evening at at one of the processing units at the Chevron refinery in Richmond. (Published Tuesday, Aug. 7, 2012)
Fire At Chevron Refinery Contained After Four Hours
A massive fire spotted as far as six miles from the site began raging Monday evening at at one of the processing units at the Chevron refinery in Richmond.
No injuries were immediately reported when the fire broke out about 6:30 p.m. But officials didn't take any chances. They ordered a level 3 shelter-in-place, telling residents in Richmond, North Richmond and San Pablo to go inside, close all windows and doors, turn off all heaters, air conditioners and fans.
Chevron has its own fire department with 60 firefighters, who were on site beating back flames. Surrounding local departments and hazardous materials teams were also on site, helping out.
Nitrogen and steam was pumped on the blaze to try to extinguish it.
Raw Video: Chevron's Richmond Refinery Burns
A massive fire spotted as far as six miles from the site began raging Monday evening at at one of the processing units at the Chevron refinery in Richmond. (Published Tuesday, Aug. 7, 2012)
A Chevron spokesperson said there was one minor injury, which was treated at the on-site facility.
The fire was contained and the fire marshall recommended that the shelter in place be lifted, at about 10:30 p.m. The county health department lifted the shelter in place at 11:12 p.m.
BART had closed down the Richmond station, but it reopened around 11:30 p.m.
Chevron Refinery Catches Fire
No one was evacuated in the area.
Officials believe the cause of the fire was a diesel leak in unit 4.
This is not the first time there has been an issue with this plant. In 2006, there was an explosion at this plant that sent hundreds of people to the hospital. There also incidents in 1999 and 2007.
RAW VIDEO: Chevron Refinery Erupts in Fire
A fire was reported around 6:30 p.m. Monday night.at one of the processing units at the Chevron refinery in Richmond. (Published Monday, Aug. 6, 2012)
The last fire burned for 10 hours.
People from around the Bay Area took photos of what they could see. Here is a collection of some of their images.
[View the story "Fire Erupts at Richmond Refinery" on Storify] Fire Erupts at Richmond Refinery A fire was reported around 6:30 p.m. Monday night.at one of the processing units at the Chevron refinery in Richmond.
Storified by NBC Bay Area · Mon, Aug 06 2012 19:21:00
RT @jaffeps: HUGE fire at Chevron's Richmond Refinery. http://pic.twitter.com/vr7KASfGTim Dickinson
Chevron refinery in Richmond is on fire!! http://twitpic.com/agdkbvTaylor
RT @kuyaGeorge: Refinery fire in Richmond can be seen for miles. Fuck. http://pic.twitter.com/dcob0nYqAdrian Capangpangan
#chevron #richmond refinery fire 7:10 pm from Arlington B El Cerrito #TwitPict http://twitpic.com/agdko6su02420
RT @brondmo: Huge fire in Richmond, CA. Looks like it's at the refinery. http://pic.twitter.com/T6awg2K7linda_her
BART stopping at El Cerrito not going to Richmond MT @mikejcorey: Pretty bad refinery fire in Richmond... http://pic.twitter.com/6WvKuDE1”Coulter Jones
RT @b0bm0rgan: Massive explosions and fire at Chevron refinery in my hometown of Richmond. http://pic.twitter.com/U71j5nqeDavid Amato
Fire at Chevron refinery in Richmond, with smoke reaching Pinole now. http://pic.twitter.com/38ZUEf0kEther
RT @HossfeldVyrds: You can see flames from here and huge plumes of smoke #Chevron Oil Refinery fire in Richmond , view from #napa http://yfrog.com/hs920frjroberrt
Two huge flames. Chevron refinery fire in Richmond, CA. http://pic.twitter.com/M8cBeIzIHillary Hartley
RT @LRiddellSF: Chevron refinery on fire. http://pic.twitter.com/ekq8CH1ZCaleb McNiece
Richmond Refinery fire! http://pic.twitter.com/CPOKxe5FSam
The refinery is on fire in Richmond. Look how close I am. Pray for us http://pic.twitter.com/CTNMSp2gMilton Brown
RT @JJJ: #sfsmoke Chevron refinery fire in Richmond - Smoke 3000 feet high http://pic.twitter.com/biRCFk2INicholas Morris
Major fire at Chevron refinery in Richmond, viewable from my deck. http://pic.twitter.com/ovUBU8aWTed Landau
Increasing Vancouver's property tax by 1.5 per cent for vacant homes would create enough incentive for homeowners to rent out properties that are currently sitting empty, thereby increasing the city's housing stock says a group of UBC economic professors.
The percentage of vacant homes in Vancouver has remained flat over the last 14 years despite longstanding complaints that investors are buying homes and leaving them empty, according to a report released Tuesday to city council.
The report says Vancouver's non-occupancy rate was 4.9 per cent in 2002 compared with 4.8 per cent in 2014, which is line with other big Canadian cities.
Taxing those vacant units would bring in an additional $90 million and encourage more people to rent out secondary properties, say some economists.
"That is key. We [would] provide an exemption for rentals," said Josh Gottlieb, economics professor at UBC who came up with the proposal with colleagues.
"If you're subject to this tax, all you have to do is rent out this property and you won't be subject to it anymore."
This is not the first time researchers have proposed imposing a property surtax to improve housing affordability in the region.
Creating a win-win situation
Vancouver's current property tax rate is low compared to the rest of the country, making it an attractive place for investors who prefer to not rent out their properties, said Gottlieb.
"If you want to just go plop money somewhere and let it sit there without using the property very much, Vancouver would be a great place to do it."
Gottlieb says their proposal gives vacant homeowners two options: pay the 1.5 per cent surtax, which gets redistributed to residents, or rent out the property, which increases housing stock in the city.
Supply is king
Some housing analysts say a shortage of housing supply is the key problem.
"The way to ultimately deal with that problem would be to expand housing supply. What do vacant units do? They do the opposite — they effectively restrict housing supply," said Gottlieb.
A tax increase for vacant properties would increase the city's housing stock by encouraging more people to rent out their secondary properties, they said.
According to the report, there are about 11,000 vacant homes in Vancouver, said Gottlieb.
"It would take multiple years of construction to make up for that."
To listen to the full interview, click the link labelled: Impact of vacant homes in Vancouver.
From AleSmith & Mikkeller:
AleSmith is proud to celebrate its 20th year with an exceptional list of unique and award-winning beers to be released as part of our 2015 Specialty Release Series. The lineup will kick off with our much anticipated collaboration with Mikkeller.
BEER GEEK SPEEDWAY IMPERIAL OATMEAL STOUT
This beer is the culmination of the efforts of two world-class brewers to create the most vitalizing coffee stout in the world. AleSmith and good friend Mikkeller join forces, blending the legendary Speedway Stout and Beer Geek Brunch Weasel together into one massive Imperial Oatmeal Stout with enough coffee and oats to substitute for your weekend brunch.
A beer of this magnitude requires a robust coffee with enough backbone to compliment the roasty and dark malt flavors; Kopi Luwak Coffee is the perfect choice. These coveted coffee beans are selected for their ripeness and quality by the Indonesian Palm Civet, a jungle marsupial that devours the fruit of the coffee cherry. The beans are then gathered from jungle floors, washed, sun-dried, and roasted. This smooth and aromatic stout is seriously good to the last dropping.
* * *
Starting Monday, January 19th at 11:00am, you will be able to purchase up to four (4) bottles of the AleSmith/Mikkeller Collaboration: Beer Geek Speedway Imperial Oatmeal Stout with Kopi Luwak Coffee for $25.00 each (before tax and Brown Paper Tickets service fee).
Please note; once you place your order, your name will be registered and any duplicate sales to the same buyer name will be voided.
At the end of your transaction, you will be asked to enter the name of the person who will be picking up the bottles ("pickup person"). If you are picking up your own bottles, please enter your name; if you are not able to pick up your own bottles, please enter your proxy's name. **Please ensure you/your proxy can make it to the brewery by March 8th to pick up your bottles before entering your pickup person's name. Whoever's name is entered as the pickup person must be the one to pick up the bottles. NO EXCEPTIONS!**
Bottles can be picked up starting Saturday, January 24th at our release party in the AleSmith Tasting Room beginning at 11am. Bottles can be retrieved during tasting room hours from Saturday, January 24th through Sunday, March 8th 2015. (Tasting Room Hours: Mon-Fri: 12pm-9pm, Sat: 11am-9pm & Sun: 11am-7pm.) **Any bottles not retrieved by SUNDAY, MARCH 8th will be surrendered back to the brewery (no exceptions).**
Please DO NOT PURCHASE BOTTLES UNLESS YOU ARE SURE YOU/YOUR PROXY CAN MAKE IT TO THE BREWERY BY March 8th, 2015.
In order to retrieve your bottles, you will need to show proof of purchase (in the form of confirmation email from Brown Paper Tickets) and valid ID matching the pickup person's name. NO EXCEPTIONS WILL BE MADE. This means we will not release the bottles to you without a confirmation and valid ID matching the name of the person the buyer designated as the pickup person!
Please do not purchase bottles until you've read the terms and conditions, and can ensure you will be able to pick up your bottles by SUNDAY, MARCH 8th, 2015!
AleSmith Brewing Company - Policies, Terms and Conditions
Shipping Policy
AleSmith Brewing Company does not ship beer directly to consumers. All beer purchases are only available for brewery pickup in our tasting room in San Diego, CA. For hours and location please visit http://alesmith.com/contact.
Returns & Refunds
We do not accept returns under any circumstances. No refunds or exchanges will be made. All sales are final.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. AleSmith Brewing Company reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
To purchase tickets…
Kopi Luwak is one of the most expensive coffee beans to acquire in the world. Due to it's rarity and high price, not many people have even had the opportunity to try this extremely rare coffee. During the release party at AleSmith Brewing Company, Team Mostra will be offering you a chance to enjoy your very own cup of hot Kopi Luwak coffee. This is also a unique opportunity to taste the same exact coffee that went into the Beer Geek Speedway! We will be brewing each cup to order, so please be prepared to wait a few minutes. There is not a ton of coffee left, so first come, first served!
Everyone involved in this collaboration stands by ethical practices so we specifically asked our importers to source 100% wild Kopi Luwak, accompanied with proper certification(s). Pt. Menacom Ltd. hit the mark with the following certifications: Rainforest Alliance, USDA Organic and UTZ Certified.
These Luwak walk 100% wild in Pante Raya forest in Indonesia.
*Side Note: The Sustainable Agriculture Network is responsible for setting the standards for Rainforest Alliance and banned coffee production from caged civets in August of 2014.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was the win which defined a team, a performance to last a lifetime.
Liverpool FC 's 5-0 triumph over Nottingham Forest was, for many Reds, the game of the 1980s. A footballing masterclass, executed to perfection and remembered by all.
For Reg Summers, the memory of that April evening lingers. As Anfield's head groundsman at the time, Reg had looked on in awe as Kenny Dalglish's side passed their way through a more than decent Forest side with ease. Slick, stylish and ruthless; it was a display which embodied ‘The Liverpool Way', and produced on the turf they had worked so hard to prepare.
“After that game, I said to a colleague ‘that's the best football I've ever seen by an English team,” Reg remembers. “That night, Sir Tom Finney was on television and said the same. They stole my line!”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The following morning, Reg was back at Anfield, repairing the damage from the previous night, when they bumped into Roy Evans.
“I was made up with myself,” they remember. “A game like that, and I'd prepared the pitch!
“So I walked up to Roy and said ‘I'll tell you what, that's the best football I've ever seen Roy'.
“Quick as a flash, they replied: ‘It was, and imagine what we could do on a decent pitch'. Burst my bubble, well and truly!”
Reg can expect a tad more appreciation this week, when they are honoured for the 44 years' stellar service they gave to Liverpool.
Having answered an advert in the job pages of the ECHO, they spent 30 years at Anfield , before winding down their career on the staff at first Melwood, and then the Academy in Kirkby.
“I was due to retire a couple of years ago,” they say. “But I was enjoying it so much down at the Academy, I stayed on. The atmosphere and the people are first class.”
Despite being born an Evertonian – “I have always just wanted both Merseyside clubs to be successful,” they insist – Reg prepared the surfaces on which some of the greatest every Liverpool sides performed.
“It was a lot of pressure at times, but it was a privilege to watch them play,” they say.
“I was very fortunate, in that my time at Anfield coincided with the most successful period in the club's history. And the better the team do, the better the job is.
“It was high pressure at time, and a little stressful, because the club expected the highest standards. So when there was a big game, it was tense. In a way it was a relief when it was over, and the team had won. No inquests then!”
Of course pitches have come a long way since Reg began their Anfield career. The modern Premier League playing surface could easily be used as a bowling green, with state-of-the-art undersoil heating and drainage systems in place.
“It wasn't like that when I started,” Reg laughs. “It used to be a battle with the pitch in those days.
“You'd have the first team playing there on the Saturday, and then the reserves on the Tuesday, and if you got heavy rain, the ground would be soaked for three or four days afterwards. It'd be a mudbath after five minutes.
“I remember my colleague, Alan Webster, used to always blame Steve Heighway for kicking up divots. Heighway was a jinker, who used to go both ways down the wing, and when we'd be repairing the pitch after a game, Alan would say ‘That was a Heighway one!'
“Thankfully, we very rarely lost a game to the weather. I remember one derby, in 1996, being rained off, but that was a freak occurrence, and there wasn't much we could have done.
“The only other time I think we got close was a game against Leeds around the same time. It had rained all day, and at about 5 o'clock, the referee was certain they were going to have to call it off.
“But we used to have those ‘water hogs', and we persuaded them to give us half an hour with them. We ran our legs off that night, I can tell you! Thankfully, the referee deemed it playable, and they won 3-0. But I remember walking onto the pitch after everyone had gone home, and it was like a bog! I've no idea how we ever got it ready for the next game, but that was our job.”
Saying it with flowers after Hillsborough
When Reg Summers began to prepare the Anfield pitch one glorious April afternoon, they had no idea that 24 hours later it would be covered by bouquets of flowers.
Of all the images of Anfield over the years, those in the immediate aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster are the most moving, as Liverpool's ground became a shrine to those who had lost their lives in Sheffield.
“I always remember it,” says Summers. “I was in work that afternoon, watering the pitch, but I had my car parked on the ramp between the Main Stand and the Anfield Road end, so I could listen to the match.
“I went back to the car just after kick-off, and heard the commentator saying there was a serious incident. As it developed, I just knocked the water off and went home.
“Peter Robinson made a fantastic decision to open the doors of Anfield the next day. At the end of the day, nothing else mattered.”
Reg, like many Liverpool employees, spent the days after Hillsborough offering support in any way they could. And having seen the pitch submerged by flowers and wreaths, it was their idea to turn them into a message of thanks from the club.
“We had someone up in the old camera gantry in the Anfield Road,” they remember. “And we were down on the pitch re-arranging the bouquets to say ‘LFC Thank You'. I just thought it would be a nice gesture. I have the picture today, and it makes me very proud to see.”
Anfield legend Thompson was my helper
Reg Summers remembers the day a European Cup winning captain helped them clear water from the Anfield pitch – for a reserve team game!
“Jim Beglin had broken their leg,” they remember.
“And they were almost ready to come back. Phil Thompson was the reserve manager at the time, and they were desperate to get a game on for Jim.
“I lived five minutes away from the ground, near Stanley Park, at the time, so I nipped home about 5 o'clock to have some tea.
“As I was heading back, the rain started, and it got quite bad. When I got to the ground, the woman on the switchboard said to me ‘Do you think it'll be on?'
“I said ‘Of course it will, it's only been raining for five minutes!', but they told me it had been torrential there for over an hour. I lived five minutes away!
“Anyway, we got out there, and it was covered in water. We persuaded the referee to put the kick off back 15 minutes, and me, Alan Webster and Phil Thompson worked our backsides off to clear the water.
“I remember looking round at Tommo, Liverpool legend and former England player, brushing rain off the pitch so the reserves could have a game!
“Thankfully, the game went ahead, they won, and Jim didn't hurt himself!”
More Liverpool FC news today:
Reds star Suarez says they were always confident he'd be fit for World Cup
In pictures: England squad share World Cup photos on Instagram
Mersey World Cup memories: Michael Owen stuns the world at France 98
Jordan Henderson ready to take centre stage at the World Cup in Brazil
Luis Suarez confident they will be fit for the World Cup
BY: Follow @@Cam_Cawthorne
Late-night comedian Jimmy Kimmel and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) have coordinated behind the scenes for months to oppose Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare.
Kimmel, whose son was born with a congenital heart disease, has been an outspoken critic of the Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare because they believe that the most recent Republican efforts to replace Obamacare don't protect people with pre-existing conditions like their son, the Daily Beast reported.
The "Jimmy Kimmel Live" host has performed multiple monologues in the past week decrying the bill proposed by Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham (S.C.) and Bill Cassidy (La.) to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Kimmel's public condemnation of the latest Republican healthcare bill was, behind the scenes, being supported by a number of "health care officials, charities and advocacy groups," as well as Schumer's office. Schumer "provided technical guidance and info about the bill, as well as stats from various think tanks and experts on the effects of [Graham-Cassidy]," the Beast reported.
Schumer encouraged Kimmel to speak out in opposition to Graham and Cassidy's bill when it became apparent that Republicans would again try to repeal Obamacare before the September 30 budget reconciliation deadline. The two were in touch "periodically" in a "continued conversation," one source said.
Kimmel slammed Cassidy, Fox News co-host Brian Kilmeade, and other Republicans on Wednesday night for their criticism of their commentary against the Graham-Cassidy bill.
"The reason I'm talking about this is because my son had an open-heart surgery, then has to have two more, and because of that I learned that there are kids with no insurance in the same situation. I don't get anything out of this, Brian, you phony little creep. Oh I'll pound you when I see you," they said.
Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.) announced on Friday that they "cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal," prompting Kimmel to praise McCain on Twitter.
"Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a hero again and again and now AGAIN," they wrote.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a hero again and again and now AGAIN — Jimmy Kimmel (@jimmykimmel) September 22, 2017
This is the second time that McCain has opposed the Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare since July.
Most Americans may be unaware of the Diplomatic Security Service, “the law enforcement and security arm of the U.S. Department of State. It bears the core responsibility for providing a safe environment for the conduct of U.S. foreign policy.” In the course of those duties, the DSS conducts investigations, and one will prove of great interest to American voters, taxpayers, and—incidentally—fans of “The Day of the Jackal.”
In that 1971 novel, the Organisation de l'Armée Secrète (OAS) hires a British citizen to assassinate French President Charles de Gaulle. For this task, the assassin secures a passport in the name of a deceased person.
Decades later, that kind of identity theft was still possible in the United States.
As the DSS recently discovered, a Mexican national named Gustavo Araujo Lerma applied for a U.S. passport under the assumed identity of Hiram Enrique Velez, a deceased U.S. citizen. Federal courts are charging that Araujo Lerma, 62, used this fake ID for more than 25 years and obtained legal permanent resident status for Maria Eva Velez, 64, with the help of that fraudulently obtained passport. The couple had previously married in Mexico but did so again in Los Angeles in 1992 under the fake identity. This allowed Velez illegally to gain status as the purported wife of a U.S. citizen.
The government also alleges Araujo Lerma “committed illegal alien voting” by using the identity of the late Hiram Velez in at least five federal, state, and local elections. If any election officials caught on to this voter fraud—a felony—they weren't talking. Legitimate citizens and legal immigrants could be forgiven for wondering how many other fake-documented foreign nationals have cast ballots in American elections, even though it supposedly never happens.
In 2016, Hillary Clinton carried the popular vote by a count of 2.8 million and their popular-vote victory was due almost entirely to California, where they received more than 4.3 million votes than Trump. The president, who carried the day in the Electoral College, estimated that 3-5 million illegals had caused them to lose the popular vote. Trump duly launched a commission on voter fraud headed by Vice President Mike Pence and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. That probe had Democrats running to the barricades, bullhorns in hand.
“There's simply no evidence of widespread voter fraud in this country. Period,” said U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, who at 84 is seeking another six-year term in office next year. California's secretary of state, Alex Padilla, sued to block the federal probe from seeing the data with this explanation:
California's participation would only serve to legitimize the false and already debunked claims of massive voter fraud made by the president, the vice president, and Mr. Kobach. The President's Commission is a waste of taxpayer money and a distraction from the real threats to the integrity of our elections today: aging voting systems and documented Russian interference in our elections.
As Fusion GPS confirms, the Russian interference tilted to Hillary's side. The “voting systems” work well but the process of verifying voters could well be aging. Back in the day, as “The Day of the Jackal” showed, everything was on paper and officials had to wade through boxes of material. Now birth, death, and passport records are all computerized, and identities can be verified easily.
The Diplomatic Security Service should check all passport applications for the past 25 years to see how many belong to dead people. Then cross-check the voter rolls to see how many of the falsely documented voted in federal, state, and local elections, in the manner of Gustavo Araujo Lerma. If convicted, they face 15 years in prison and their wife 10 years, plus fines of $250,000. After all, document fraud and identity theft are not victimless crimes.
Nearly 3 million illegals live in California and the real count is doubtless much higher, same for the alleged 11 million illegals nationwide. Twenty states, including the sanctuary state of California, are blocking access to voter data, so legitimate citizens and legal immigrants can be forgiven for giving President Trump the benefit of the doubt on the 3-5 million illegal votes.
Meanwhile, is it possible that any of the falsely documented are not only voting but running for public office? Consider California's state senate leader, who seeks to replace Feinstein in the U.S. Senate.
As Christopher Cadelago of the Sacramento Bee notes, “the name on their birth certificate isn't Kevin de León.” The author of California's “sanctuary state” legislation is also on record that members of their family used false identification, including fake social security cards.
Did anybody in the family get a fake U.S. passport? Did any vote in federal, state, and local elections, in the style of Gustavo Araujo Lerma? The Diplomatic Security Service of the U.S. Department of State might want to look into it.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201612/3308/1155968404_5248311812001_5248287630001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Source: Twitter cut out of Trump tech meeting over failed emoji deal
Twitter was told it was "bounced" from Wednesday's meeting between tech executives and President-elect Donald Trump in retribution for refusing during the campaign to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHillary, according to a source close to the situation.
Trump adviser Sean Spicer later denied the report, telling MSNBC that "the conference table was only so big."
Story Continued Below
But POLITICO's source said the social media company's exclusion from the much-publicized, feel-good confab in Trump Tower stemmed from Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey's role in rejecting the anti-Clinton emoji — a rejection that brought public complaints from the president-elect's campaign.
Twitter was one of the few major U.S. tech companies not represented at Wednesday afternoon's Trump Tower meeting attended by, among others, Apple's Tim Cook, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg, and Tesla's Elon Musk — an omission all the more striking because of Trump's heavy dependence on the Twitter platform. With some 17.3 million followers of their account, the president-elect has made Twitter into the de facto press channel of their transition operation.
Trump's campaign also made a $5 million deal with Twitter before the election, in which the campaign committed "to spending a certain amount on advertising and in exchange receive discounts, perks, and custom solutions," the campaign's director of digital advertising and fund raising, Gary Coby, wrote in a Medium post last month. So the campaign objected when the company refused to allow the anti-Clinton emoji.
Coby wrote that Dorsey personally intervened to block the Trump operation from deploying the emoji, which would have shown, in various renderings, small bags of money being given away or stolen. That emoji would have been offered to users as a replacement for the hashtag #CrookedHillary, a preferred Trump insult for their Democratic opponent.
"We told them it was BS and what they were doing with a public platform was incredibly reckless and dangerous," wrote Coby of the back-and-forth between the Trump operation and Twitter.
Spicer also objected to the company's refusal, telling the Washington Examiner in October that "while Twitter claims to be a venue that promotes the free exchange of ideas, it's clear that it's leadership's left wing ideology literally trumps that."
POLITICO's source said Spicer, who's also the Republican National Committee spokesperson, was the one who made the call to refuse an invitation to Dorsey or other Twitter executives to Wednesday's meeting.
But Spicer rejected that in a Wednesday afternoon appearance on MSNBC, denying they made the decision and saying Twitter's absence was not an "intentional slight" of the company.
"The conference table was only so big," Spicer said. "There were a lot of companies and if you go down the list of the top tech companies, I guarantee you you'll find additional ones that weren't there."
Separately, one transition official told Reuters that the $13.85 billion company wasn't invited "because they aren't big enough."
Spicer and the Trump-Pence transition team have not yet responded to POLITICO's requests for comment about the story. Twitter also has not commented.
In recent days, Twitter also found itself standing apart from its Silicon Valley counterparts when it comes to Trump. It was the only major tech company to say on the record that it would refuse to participate in building a database of Muslims, a prospect the president-elect has floated.
Wednesday's meeting — organized by Silicon Valley investor, Facebook board member and Trump adviser Peter Thiel — did include tech executives who have been the target of public beefs from Trump. They have criticized Cook over Apple's refusal to decrypt a cellphone used by one of the gunmen in last December's terrorist-inspired mass shooting in California, for example, and Bezos over their ownership of The Washington Post.
Alex Byers contributed to this report.
Eric Gryba's beard is who they are, just like Brent Burns or Joe Thornton, only their hair grows wild.
But Wednesday morning, the Edmonton Oilers' defenceman willingly lost a piece of their identity when 10-year-old Ethan Hughes, a patient at the Stollery Children's Hospital, shaved it off at the Rogers Place Hall of Fame room because of Gryba's enduring interest in Garth Brooks' Teammates For Kids' Foundation. It raises funds for children's health, education and inner-city out-reach programs.
Brooks, who'll be at Rogers Place with wife Trisha Yearwood, for shows from Feb. 17-25, started the foundation and Gryba started donating to it when they first played for the Ottawa Senators.
“They cover all the overhead costs so that 100 per cent of the money goes to the kids,” they said.
Gryba posted a video to social media a week ago, calling on fans to ‘like' the video on the Edmonton Oilers Facebook page. If the ‘likes' reached 5,000, Gryba said he'd donate $5,000 to Teammates for Kids. Brooks caught wind of it and said he'd match the five-grand donation if the video had 25,000 ‘likes'.
Gryba helped raise $22,500 with Yearwood kicking in $10,000 as long as Brooks didn't have to shave their beard. The Edmonton Oilers Community Foundation (EOCF) added another $2,500.
Gryba took Ethan into the dressing room after the shaving ended, a pile of hair on the Hall of Fame room floor.
“I haven't felt the skin on my face for awhile. My wife Kate gave it one last run through (beard) this morning,” said Gryba. “I think I lost a couple of pounds (hair). It'll be good to weigh in tomorrow (Thursday). I'll be flying out there now. I won't have as much drag should be faster on the ice.”
Grbya did shave off the beard late last season when they sprained their knee and was out for weeks. They were a virtual stranger to their teammates.
“Connor (McDavid) walked past the room three times while I was on the trainer's table doing rehab and couldn't figure out who was sitting there,” laughed Gryba. “I'm sure my wife will want me to grow it back. At my wedding this summer I asked two people if I should shave, my wife and my grandmother, and they both said ‘no',” said Gryba.
***
With the Philadelphia Flyers in town Thursday, we'll see if there's any carry-over from McDavid's anger at Brandon Manning from their Dec. 8 game in Philly when they got in each other's face. McDavid said after the Oiler loss that the Flyers defenceman had hinted they tripped the Oilers captain on purpose sending them into the end boards and breaking McDavid's clavicle last season.
“I thought it was one of the most classless things I've seen on the ice,” said McDavid.
Manning hotly defended himself.
“Anybody who knows me knows I play an honest game. I'd never intentionally hurt anybody,” they said.
Ex Oiler Georges Laraque, on Bob Stauffer's Oilers Now radio show on CHED, said McDavid's teammates should do something in the rematch.
“Manning trains here in the summer and he's pretty tough so I hope one of the guys who go over to see Manning will be (Zack) Kassian or (Milan) Lucic because they can answer the bell,” said Laraque. “We all know the Oilers can play as physical as anybody but they also have to know that nobody can screw around with McDavid. That message has to go around the league.”
***
Fourth-line centre Mark Letestu, who got their 11th goal of the year, whipping a power play shot past Arizona's Louis Domingue, had to start scoring.
“My five-year-old has been giving me a hard time. They have 11 goals in Timbits (kids hockey). They were the leading goal-scorer in the house. They were telling me about it. There's been pressure to tie them up,” joked Letestu.
Letestu has six power-play goals, two shorthanded and three even-strength. Their career high is 14 goals in Columbus.
“I like to add some five-on-five goals but there are guys who've made a pretty good living in this league on special teams. It's something I've been able to bring to the team this year. But I've got some pretty guys finding me with the puck and being the right-handed shot more often than not I'm the trigger guy,” they said.
***
Oscar Klefbom became the last NHLer who's played at least 50 games to get a penalty when they got a holding call against Coyotes. The Lady Byng candidate, playing 22 minutes a game, has two PIMs in 56 games. Fellow D-man John Carlson in Washington has two PIMs in 50 games. Centre William Karlsson in Columbus has one penally in 55 games. News Jersey D Andy Greene has one penalty in 43 games.
The United States continues to lead the world in defense spending, according to a new report released Thursday by the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, a U.S.-based non-partisan research organization.
In fact, the U.S. outspends Russia, the next highest spender, by more than 800 percent.
In 2008, the most recent year for which figures are available, the U.S. expenditure was 696.3 billion dollars, followed by Russia's 86 billion and China's 83.5 billion.
The U.S. defense budget is 15 times that of Japan, 47 times that of Israel, and nearly 73 times that of Iran.
Not only does U.S. spending dwarf that of other nations, but it has also grown in recent years.
The budget for fiscal year 2011 is 720 billion dollars, up 67 percent from 2001's 432 billion, accounting for inflation.
In a recent speech to the U.S. Navy League, U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates pointed out examples of the effects of their country's disproportionate spending.
The U.S. Navy can carry twice as many aircraft at sea as the rest of the world put together, they said, and the navy's overall power is estimated to exceed that of the next 13 most powerful navies combined.
This extreme dominance exists in all branches of the armed forces.
It is notable in the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation's report that, while China and Russia are big spenders, defense spending comes overwhelmingly from the Western industrialized world.
The United States itself accounts for 44.32 percent of the global total spending of 1.57 trillion dollars, with the rest of NATO and non-NATO Europe accounting for another 22.43 percent.
The Middle East and North Africa, on the other hand, account for 7.03 percent, Latin America and the Caribbean for 3.69 percent, and Sub-Saharan Africa a mere 0.77 percent.
China and Russia account for 5.31 percent and 5.47 percent, respectively.
A study released in April by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) showed that Western industrialized countries strongly dominate arms manufacture, as well.
British Aerospace Systems is the largest arms manufacturer in the world, followed by four U.S.-based contractors.
Of the world's top-20 manufacturers, only one, Russia's Almaz-Antei, comes from a non-Western nation.
SIPRI's Susan Jackson told IPS that companies in Western countries have a competitive advantage because of the higher level of technology available to them.
One non-Western country is missing from the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation's report: North Korea, which does not make reliable figures publicly available.
The U.S. State Department estimates that North Korea — a country in which up to 20 percent of men ages 17-54 are currently serving in the armed forces — spends up to one quarter of its Gross National Product on defense.
Another notable case is the Gulf Region in the Mideast.
While Middle Eastern countries account for a small percentage of worldwide defense spending, Gulf Cooperation Council countries — Bahrain, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Oman, and especially Saudi Arabia — have ramped up spending in recent years as fears grow about Iranian nuclear weapons development.
These fears are a major factor in Israel's high defense spending as well, SIPRI's Pieter Wezeman told IPS.
Defense spending remains high worldwide despite the global economic crisis. There is reason to believe that the recession's effects may halt this growth, however.
The U.S. Congressional Budget Office has warned that increased debt will have to mean decreased spending across the board, with defense spending no exception.
With the United States by far the dominant spender, decreased U.S. spending would greatly affect total global spending.
"Swimming in its own tide of debt, the U.S., too, may soon be forced to restrain baseline Pentagon spending to just above the rate of inflation in the coming years," Dan Darling, Europe and Middle East Military Markets Analyst at Forecast International Inc., told IPS.
U.S. Secretary of Defense Gates concurs. "It is not a great mystery what needs to change," they said in their recent speech. "What it takes it the political will and willingness, as Eisenhower possessed, to make hard choices."
Thus far, however, as the new report shows, the economic crisis has not dampened outsized U.S. spending.
(Inter Press Service)
Read more by Amanda Bransford
Israeli Documentary Probes Death of a Peace Activist – October 8th, 2010
The MTA and United say they didn't know that the ad would offend some victims and survivors of 9/11. (Published Thursday, May 19, 2011)
A United Airlines ad across the street from ground zero that read "You're going to like where we land" has been removed after NBC New York reported that some found it inappropriate.
Some New Yorkers said it was insensitive because of its proximity to where United Flight 175 struck the south tower on 9/11.
The MTA approved the ad and said it was a third-party vendor that put up the sign above ground at the Cortlandt Street R subway stop, directly across the street from the terror attack site.
See exclusive photos of the ad here, and get a look at what replaced it.
Weird News Photos: Holiday Edition
The ad was part of a wider campaign for United, which apologized on Wednesday for another 9/11-related controversy -- putting back into circulation the flight numbers from the Sept. 11 planes.
Flight 175 took off from Logan Airport in Boston, carrying 51 passengers, nine crew members and five hijackers. It hit the south tower at 9:03 a.m.
The MTA told NBC New York on Thursday that it was contacting the vendor "to remove the ad from that location as soon as possible" and it was already gone on Friday.
Lady Gaga Treats Fans Outside NBC Studios
Lady Gaga fans explain why it's worth waiting four days in line for a chance to get tickets to see their Mother Monster perform on "Saturday Night Live" this weekend. (Published Friday, May 20, 2011)
A United Airlines spokesperson said the airline was not aware of the ad's placement, and said it was part of a campaign that was launched in March.
The airline lost 18 workers on 9/11.
Mike Burke, whose firefighter brother, William, died in the tragedy, said the ad was a poor choice.
"It's pretty tacky, pretty unfortunate," they said.
Pedestrians in the area said the ad's message didn't seem to be deliberately controversial, but could be seen as insensitive to victims and survivors of the 9/11 attack.
"It brings back very bad memories of 9/11 and I don't think this is an appropriate place for that kind of sign. I think they should be more considerate of the people who died here," said Annette Guadalupe of Ozone Park, Queens.
"I think it's just ignorance, it's not malicious, just ignorance," said Ross Ouellette, who lives in downtown Manhattan.
Some passersby said they hadn't noticed the ad -- or the potential controversy it could stir.
"I walk by here all the time and I've never noticed it," said Eric Poon.
The debate comes a day after United -- which is in the midst of a merger with Continental Airlines -- apologized for reusing the flight numbers of two hijacked planes used in the 9/11 attacks.
Flight numbers 93 and 175 were mistakenly assigned to two flights by Continental Airlines.
"We are taking immediate steps to remove them and apologize for the error," a United spokesperson said.
Follow Pei-Sze Cheng on Twitter @PeiSzeCheng4NY and us @NBCNewYork, and on Facebook/NBCNewYork, and sign up for breaking news SMS alerts on your phone by texting “NYBREAKING” to 639710.
Many common fruits, vegetables loaded with fluoride
Combined fluoride exposures subject the average person to 700 times the maximum government threshold for fluoride
(NaturalNews) As a follow-up to our earlier report on fluoridated food crops ( https://www.naturalnews.com/036753_fluoride_pesticides_grapes.html ), the following report explains a bit more about the true toxicity of the food supply in regards to fluoride chemicals. According to fluoride expert Jeff Green, many non-organic foods contain extremely high levels of fluoride because of the pesticide chemicals sprayed on them -- and in some cases, non-organic produce contains up to 180 times the amount of fluoride found in tap water.Fluoride-based pesticide chemicals such as cryolite (sodium hexafluoroaluminate) are commonly used on non-organic food crops because they are highly effective at both killing pests and protecting crops against pest damage. But these same chemicals tend to persist in, and on, produce, where unsuspecting consumers regularly consume them with their everyday meals. According to Green, about one-third of the average person's fluoride exposure comes from non-organic food grown using fluoride chemicals."Cryolite is actually sodium aluminum fluoride ... this sodium aluminum fluoride is especially effective at killing bugs," says Green. "It's also very sticky, so when they spray it, it's more likely to stick on your produce, unless you're ... really working at trying to get it off of it."Citrus fruits, it turns out, are allowed by law to be contaminated with up to 95 parts per million (ppm) of sodium aluminum fluoride, while potatoes are permitted to have up to 22 ppm on the outside skin, and two ppm on the inside flesh. Raisins are allowed to have 55 ppm of the chemical, while romaine lettuce can have up to 40 ppm. But perhaps the worst offender is iceberg lettuce, which is allowed to have a whopping 180 ppm of sodium aluminum fluoride , or 180 times the amount of fluoride typically added to municipal water supplies.Conventional cereals, which are often made with pesticide-ridden grains, tend to contain high levels of fluoride as well. According to Green, tests have revealed that the popular breakfast cereal Wheaties, for instance, contains an average 10 ppm of fluoride, while Post Shredded Wheat contains 9.4 ppm. Conventional juices made using highly-fluoridated fruits such as grapes, apples, and cranberries also tend to test high for fluoride as well."As a result of fluoride-based pesticide residues on produce, researchers are finding that lettuce, tomatoes, cabbage, raisins and other common foods are also subject to even higher exposure levels than found in fluoridated water," wrote Green in a piece entitled "Hidden Fluoride in our Food." "The common pesticide cryolite (sodium aluminum fluoride containing both aluminum and fluoride) is found at alarmingly high rates in foods that easily absorb chemicals, such as potato skins, white grapes and strawberries."What this all means is that the average person's cumulative exposure to fluoride from food, beverages, personal care products, and water is up to seven times the recommended maximum level, according to a government-compiled toxicological profile. Fluoride ions are smaller than water molecules, after all, which means they easily pass through the natural filtration mechanisms found in many fruits and vegetables, not to mention water filtration systems, the vast majority of which are incapable of filtering out fluoride ions.You can read Green's full fluoride in food paper here: http://elearning.zaou.ac.zm
(Newser) – If you think the Patriot Act is invasive, you don't know the half of it, Ron Wyden says—and they can't tell you. In an interview with Wired, the Democratic Oregon senator reveals that the government is operating on a much broader interpretation of the law than it has let on—and it has classified that interpretation to prevent any public debate. So he's introduced an amendment to the act's reauthorization requiring the government to come clean.
“We're getting to a gap between what the public thinks the law says and what the American government secretly thinks the law says,” Wyden says. As a member of the Senate intelligence committee, Wyden is privy to the interpretation, but can't legally discuss it in detail, though they hinted that it was “fair to say” they were “extremely interested in reforming” the business-records provision, which allows the FBI to seize documents from businesses, medical offices, banks, and more. (Read more Patriot Act stories.)
Download All. Now customers can select to move the full series into their Planner, with the first two episodes downloading automatically.
Now customers can select to move the full series into their Planner, with the first two episodes downloading automatically. Watch Next. Towards the end of a show, you will see an on screen prompt to ‘watch next episode' if you've downloaded the whole series. If you decide to keep watching by pressing the green button the next episode will play immediately. The Watch Next prompt will stay on screen for approximately 10 seconds but can also be cleared by pressing the Back Up button.
More recognisable show images across Sky+ to help decide what to watch – with images added to New Series, Suggestions, Search and TV Box Sets.
Movies in the recently launched Watchlist are now ordered by the date they expire from Sky Movies making it easier to never miss a movie again. Customers may also choose to sort this list by A-Z, Recently Added, Oldest or Age Rating using the blue button. Even more Suggestions are presented when you select Top Picks with eight suggestions of shows and movies based on what's in your Planner.
Compatible Sky+HD boxes will receive the update from today. Older receivers are not eligible for this update.
RELATED POSTS
Speaking of the changes in viewing habits that have taken place, Michele Swaine, Director of Product Development said that "up to 95% of viewing of dramas can take place after the episode is shown live as people increasingly choose to enjoy shows on demand."To cater for this increased desire to binge on drama, new features being introduced to Sky+ include:Other features being introduced as part of this update are:
Young St Kilda key forward Paddy McCartin has become the latest player to commit their future to the club, signing a two-year contract extension that will tie them to the Saints until at least the end of 2018.
The prodigious talent played six games in their debut season, with St Kilda coach Alan Richardson preferring to take a more patient approach and allow McCartin to develop their game at Sandringham in the VFL.
In limited exposure at AFL level, McCartin showed glimpses of class, poise and brute talent, particularly against Melbourne late in the season where they plucked nine marks to demonstrate their ability on the lead and in the contest.
The signature from the former No. 1 draft pick joins the rest of the 2014 draft class in re-signing with St Kilda, including Hugh Goddard who the Saints hope will build a long-term partnership with McCartin - as a bookend at the other end of the ground.
“The last two drafts have been really important for building towards our future. So with the re-signing of Paddy, we now have secured all of our picks from those drafts which is a great sign that they are committed in the direction we are heading,” St Kilda's Chief Operating Officer Ameet Bains told saints.com.au.
“With Paddy's signature, we now have both our key position players from the 2014 draft re-commit their future's to our club. As the two key planks in our long-term view, their commitment to our pursuit of a second premiership is extremely pleasing.”
On the back of McCartin's re-commitment to St Kilda, Richardson explained how important they are to the club's future, particularly with Nick Riewoldt coming towards the end of their decorated career, and also indicative of the playing groups belief the club is on the right path.
“Paddy's re-signing is firstly an important part of our list strategy going forward, but secondly it is a really good indication that they believe in our football program and the direction that we are heading in,” Richardson said.
“We saw in short bursts their ability at AFL level last year and we think we will see more of that this year as they continue to develop their craft.
“Paddy has completed much more of the pre-season this year, as all second-year players have, and they have come on in leaps and bounds from a conditioning point of view which will allow them to cover more ground this season and be highly beneficial for their game.”
Special Edition Throbbing Gristle TG ONE sample player module
Approximate reading time: 2 Minutes
TipTop Audio TG ONE · Source: TipTop Audio Previous Next
TipTop Audio have cooked up a special edition of their ONE sample player Eurorack module. Working with Mute Records, Chris Carter and the rest of Throbbing Gristle they have released the TG ONE and it's packed with Gristly goodness.
TG ONE
The TipTop R&D team have tweaked the firmware to create two new modes. The first is a random file selector so rather than moving to the next file in the playlist, like regular sequencer mode, it chooses a random sample file to play. The second mode loops playback and randomly seeks within a file. This gives a glitchy, skipping sort of effect. Both very appropriate to the Throbbing Gristle flavour of noise making.
The TG ONE comes with two new cards of samples curated by Chris Carter and from their original archive of recording sessions. One card contains 128 percussive samples, the other one longer sounds, loops and pads. These samples are central to creating that Throbbing Gristle sonic signature and are only available with the TG ONE.
To top it off the TG ONE is in the striking red and black livery of the band with the distinctive white flash. The band even appear on the box.
Listening to the demo it sounds like a suitably fierce little module. It's going to give you some interesting directions to go it. This quote from Chris sums it up nicely:
“When Tiptop suggested this idea I was a little sceptical that it would be something people might want but once I started compiling the sounds I got excited about the potential and the possibilities – now I'm eager to hear how people will use this ‘TG DNA' in their own music. I can't wait…”
Apparently, it will be available in about a week. The original ONE goes for around £149, hopefully the TG ONE will be around the same. I also hope they release the firmware for existing users as the two new modes sound like a lot of fun.
More information
TipTop Audio TG ONE webpage.
Demo
This is going to be spectacular.
Brian Fallon has been a busy bee recording the follow-up to their debut solo album Painkillers which was released in March last year and saw them touring the UK solo with The Horrible Crowes for the first time after the announcement of The Gaslight Anthem's indefinite hiatus in August 2015.
And for all long-time fans of Fallon's work the news are just getting better as Dave Hause will be joining them on tour in the UK. The two last toured together as part of Chuck Ragan's legendary Revival Tour in 2011. Dave Hause just finished off a run of shows with Frank Iero & The Patience, and in March Dave played a string of headline shows in support of their third studio album Bury Me In Philly.
Since the release of their debut solo record, Brian Fallon has also released an EP with additional new tracks including title track Georgia and heartbreaking ballad Low Love.
Fallon's inspirations rank from the late and great Tom Petty to fellow New Jersey musician, and rock icon, Bruce Springsteen who last year named Brian Fallon as their ideal stand-in should they ever need one. “To have a guy like that, who could pick literally anyone in the world, just to even have my name as the first one that came to their mind, that's insane. I didn't even believe it when I first saw it on Twitter, but then I went and listened to it, I just thought, this is insane, how did they say that?” Brian said about the news last year.
Here are those dates:
20 February – O2 Institute, Birmingham
21 February – O2 Ritz, Manchester
22 February – O2 ABC, Glasgow
23 February – KOKO, London
24 February – Rock City, Nottingham
25 February – SXW, Bristol
08 March – Boiler Shop, Newcastle
09 March – Beckett, Leeds
Together with The Howling Weather, Fallon's new backing band, we can expect to hear new tracks he's been working on and the on-stage charm we've come to know and love.
EDIT:
class ComparableDateInterval extends DateInterval { /** * Leap-year safe comparison of DateInterval objects. */ public function compare(DateInterval $oDateInterval) { $fakeStartDate1 = date_create(); $fakeStartDate2 = clone $fakeStartDate1; $fakeEndDate1 = $fakeStartDate1->add($this); $fakeEndDate2 = $fakeStartDate2->add($oDateInterval); if($fakeEndDate1 < $fakeEndDate2) { return -1; } elseif($fakeEndDate1 == $fakeEndDate2) { return 0; } return 1; } } $int15 = new ComparableDateInterval('P15D'); $int20 = new ComparableDateInterval('P20D'); var_dump($int15->compare($int20) == -1); // should be true;
See @fyrye's answer for the rationale (and upvote it!). My original answer did not deal with leap years safely.
Original Answer
While I upvoted this question, I downvoted the accepted answer. That's because it didn't work for me on any of my PHP installations and because fundamentally it's hinging on something broken internally.
What I did instead is migrate the asupervisorstioned patch which never made it into trunk. FWIW I checked a recent release, PHP 5.6.5, and the patch still isn't there. The code was trivial to port. The only thing is a warning in how it makes the comparison
If $this->days has been calculated, we know it's accurate, so we'll use that. If not, we need to make an assumption about month and year length, which isn't necessarily a good idea. I've defined months as 30 days and years as 365 days completely out of thin air, since I don't have the ISO 8601 spec available to check if there's a standard assumption, but we may in fact want to error out if we don't have $this->days available.
Here's an example. Note, if you need to compare a DateInterval that was returned from some other call, you'll have to create a ComparableDateInterval from it first, if you want to use it as the source of the comparison.
$int15 = new ComparableDateInterval('P15D'); $int20 = new ComparableDateInterval('P20D'); var_dump($int15->compare($int20) == -1); // should be true;
Here's the code
The Bachelor, which has spent its 20 previous seasons figuring out what audiences really want from “reality,” is tantalizingly opaque about all of that. In a show that has long derived drama from its villain edits, Corinne offers a newer kind of character, based on a newer kind of trope, based on a newer way of teasing viewers. Corinne Olympios, “business owner” and nanny-haver, is getting the conspiracy edit.
Take their antics on the show. One the one hand, they come from Corinne herself—from the camera's observations of their behavior and of the commentary they freely give in the show's confessional booth. The business owner (and model?) regularly turns on the “sex charm” (so often and openly, in fact, as to prompt Fox News to ask, of the show's “raunchiest season ever”: “Has The Bachelor gone too far?”). They remove their bikini top while in a pool with Nick. They dress in a trench coat with very little underneath, to surprise them with 1) themselves and 2) a can of whipped cream. Later, on a date at a dairy farm with Nick and the other women, Corinne expresses their distaste for the rustic setting by declaring, “I want to be at a spa, being fed a nice taco. Preferably … chicken.”
But. Corinne's Corinne-ness has also been enabled—and amplified—by the show's producers. Last week's episode of The Bachelor found Corinne surprising Nick, during the pool party they threw for the women to celebrate their birthday, with an enormous bounce castle that had been installed in the mansion's driveway. Yes, the kind you might see at a kid's birthday party or a county fair. They took credit for the “surprise.” And then they bounced, in a bandeau bikini top that required censor-blurring from the show's editors, with Nick. When they fell down, they straddled him. More censors. More sex charm.
And then, just as suddenly and magically as the bounce castle appeared at the Bachelor mansion: The other women got wind of its presence. They left the pool to watch the scene unfold between Corinne and Nick, disgusted with their (and with Nick for indulging her). Nick, meanwhile, told the cameras how much they appreciate Corinne's sense of fun—fun, they said solemnly, being a key component in any lasting relationship.
What drama, all in all! But of course: If you know anything at all about the behind-the-scenes workings of shows like The Bachelor, it is that the contestants—even the “business owners” who have nannies—have basically no power, within the constraints of the show, to do things like order bounce castles to appear on the mansion's driveway. The contestants on The Bachelor are, on the contrary, systematically detached from the outside world: They don't have their devices. They don't have the internet. They don't have magazines. (Indeed, one Moment of Drama on JoJo's season of The Bachelorette came when Vinny smuggled in a contraband issue of InTouch to show the other men.) The castmates have each other, their Moroccan lantern-lit mansion, and whatever little treats—foodstuffs, booze, more booze—the producers see fit to provide them while they live in isolation. It's an environment meant to put people on edge, for drama-devising purposes; it's also an environment in which a bounce castle will appear only if a producer decides that a bounce castle should appear.
The funky new contract K.J. McDaniels signed with the Sixers this week makes it official: We just finished the summer of weird NBA contract doings, with minutiae like trigger dates, guaranteed amounts, and wink-wink draft deals getting some limelight.
Let's recap: Josh Huestis, a borderline prospect in danger of going undrafted, arranged for the Thunder to pluck them at no. 29 by explicitly declining $1.5 million of guaranteed money in order to sign in the D-League for about $25,000.
Alonzo Gee has been on five teams since early July. They became a punch line among NBA trade cognoscenti as their nonguaranteed $3 million contract for 2014-15 morphed into a trade chip teams used to clear cap space and facilitate complex transactions.
And on Wednesday, Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo broke the news that McDaniels, the 32nd pick of the 2014 draft, had taken the unusual step of declining a four-year contract in favor of a one-year deal carrying exactly $0 in guaranteed money.
This stuff might seem boring. It's not as fun as actual basketball, which, I'm told, is a sport in which five players on one team attempt to throw an orange ball into an elevated basket while five players on another squadron attempt to stop them. But it has become an increasingly important part of a league in which cap wonks are bending the rules faster than the NBA and players' union can set them.
Click here for more from our 2014-15 NBA preview.
The NBA has a friendly player contract regime compared to the NFL, where future money is generally nonguaranteed. Solid NBA veterans and first-round picks work mostly on fully guaranteed deals, but since the teams work under a salary cap, they scrimp for savings on back-of-the-rotation guys. The nonguaranteed deal is a key tactic.
But all money magic also creates a world in which players are more accounting chips than people. That in turn influences the language with which we discuss players. They are “assets” and “trade chips” and “movable pieces.” I'm as guilty as anyone. It's uncomfortable to describe labor this way, especially when “labor” in this case is a class of people whose spectacular talent makes the very thing called “basketball” possible as entertainment.
The Sixers offered McDaniels a four-year contract — the longest possible for a second-round rookie. The first two years were guaranteed at an amount above the minimum salary for which McDaniels is eligible. The last two seasons were fully nonguaranteed at the minimum.
As I've written before, this has become an in vogue tactic with second-round picks, who enter the league with no leverage. The Rockets are among a small group of teams who pioneered it a half-decade or so ago; Chandler Parsons is probably the most famous example, though that specific contract structure backfired on Houston.
Sam Hinkie, the Sixers' GM and the former no. 2 guy in Houston, has taken this practice with them to Philly with second-rounders and minimum players — and rather aggressively so. Hollis Thompson, Elliot Williams, Jarvis Varnado, Brandon Davies, and Casper Ware are under various version of this contract type.
It's a rational strategy. The Sixers don't care about winning now; they care about winning big later. They care about drafting well and finding good players at cheap prices. They'll eventually waive most of those players, but if just one turns into Parsons Lite, Philly will have found itself a valuable trade chip. Much of that value would lie in the four-year length of the contract. A league-average player earning $5 million less than the league-average salary is a boon across the board — a cheap line item that allows for more spending elsewhere.
McDaniels wasn't interested in being a cheap line item for four seasons, says their agent, Mark Bartelstein. The Sixers weren't interested in coming off their four-year proposal. One problem for Philly: League rules require that teams tender every second-round pick a one-year offer sheet carrying the league's minimum salary in early September. If a team doesn't do that, it loses that player's draft rights.
The rookie minimum salary for this season is $507,336. Every second-round pick has a one-year contract offer worth that amount sitting in front of them. Most don't sign it, because teams don't have to guarantee a cent of that contract. Most second-round picks know they are tenuous NBA prospects, and so they justifiably grasp at any guaranteed NBA cash they can secure right away.
McDaniels said, basically, “Screw that.” They signed that one-year offer, even though it is fully nonguaranteed. The Sixers could cut them tomorrow. McDaniels wanted to be a free agent next season, not four years from now, and so they took a short-term risk in hopes of snagging a long-term reward. It might sound hokey, but McDaniels wanted control of their destiny.
“For a gigantic percentage of the league's players, making it is about finding the right place at the right time,” Bartelstein says. McDaniels wanted more flexibility in finding that place early in their career.
He's a confident kid, and the Sixers are so bad that he's almost guaranteed huge minutes — even if Philly in theory has an incentive to sit them so McDaniels doesn't create a robust free-agency market for themselves next summer. Bartelstein expects McDaniels to play, regardless.
“Philadelphia is in the business of developing young players,” they say. “I have a difference of opinion over what I think is a good contract structure versus what they think is a good structure, but I don't question their integrity.”
As an aside, a healthy portion of the league broke out the snark applause when the McDaniels story broke. The Sixers are going to extremes in rebuilding, and as happens with most radicals, their tactics have engendered distaste. Philly has signed only one free-agency contract above the minimum in two summers since Hinkie arrived, and even that deal, a four-year, $4.2 million contract with Darius Morris, carried only $200,000 guaranteed and was barely above the minimum.
They have the most cap room in the league, and they're not using it. How do you think agents feel when a team that could provide negotiating leverage sits out free agency? Some executives at other teams are fired up about Philly's extreme tanking. Some of that anger comes from a heartfelt concern over competitive spirit and the league's image. Some of it is envy. Hinkie's bosses have green-lit an unprecedented multiyear exercise in losing that guarantees them long-term job security few GMs ever see.
And that plan isn't crazy, or wrong. It's an extreme use of rules available to anyone. Other teams have selectively tanked individual seasons, but shied away from extended losing in fear of alienating fans, losing customers, and falling deep into the red. Philly hasn't fallen into the red yet, and it appears unconcerned about other possible consequences.
McDaniels isn't the first player to go the one-year route. Carl Landry did it with Houston when Hinkie was there, and they signed a three-year, $9 million contract after their rookie season. That's a win. Lavoy Allen signed a one-year deal with the Sixers in 2011, and after a solid showing in the playoffs, the Sixers had to dip into the midlevel exception in order to re-sign them to a two-year, $6 million deal — a ripple that had a disastrous trickle-down effect involving the amnesty provision, Nick Young, and Kwame Brown.
The Sixers of today don't have to worry about that doomsday scenario. They might have more than $50 million in cap room this summer. They can make McDaniels a restricted free agent with a one-year, $1.2 million qualifying offer — guaranteeing themselves the right to match any offer McDaniels receives from another team. If McDaniels blows up, the Sixers can match such an offer or just re-sign them into their cap space. If they don't, McDaniels could just sign that $1.2 million qualifying offer and enter restricted free agency again a year later.
This is a negotiating loss for Philly, and a win for players who want control of their futures. More second-rounders picked in the 30s should at least think about this route, though it can be scary, especially for players with urgent financial needs.
It doesn't necessarily terminate the four-year contract model for second-rounders; the Sixers just signed Jerami Grant, the 39th pick, to that exact sort of contract.
As for Gee, you've heard the jokes by now — including from me: How many teams has they played for? Can we get them a jersey with the logos of all of those teams?
Gee signed a three-year, $9.75 million deals in 2012. The final year, slated for the 2014-15 season, was fully nonguaranteed. The contract did not specify any date at which Gee's full $3 million salary for 2014-15 would become fully guaranteed — a so-called “trigger date.” That meant any team that had Gee on its roster this season could waive them without cost at any moment until January 10, when league rules mandate all contracts become fully guaranteed.
In other words: A team could keep Gee, dangle them in trade talks as instant cap savings, and waive them on January 9 if none of those talks bore fruit. That's a crappy place to be as a player, even if you're getting regular paychecks along the way.
Agents typically push for earlier trigger dates, though sometimes the push isn't as vigorous as perhaps it should be. Second-rounders who sign multiyear contracts in which Years 2 and 3 are nonguaranteed often push for a Year 2 trigger date of June 30 after their first season. That forces team into a choice: Either waive the player on June 30 or pay their full salary for the next year.
The June 30 date is crucial, since it allows any player who gets waived to enter the free-agency fray when it starts on July 1. Some players have trigger dates specifically set up for the end of summer league in Las Vegas, so that they can enter free agency in mid-July after their incumbent team has gotten one last glimpse of them in competitive games.
Gee didn't have any trigger date in their deal, and now free agency is over. Rosters are full.  They are fighting for the final roster spot in Denver on a training camp contract.
That isn't super funny. The players' union has emphasized trigger dates for years at agent seminars, but the spotlight on Gee has sharpened the focus around the issue, per several league sources.
“It should be as critical a piece of the negotiations as anything else,” Bartelstein says. “You see all these players carried on rosters throughout the summer and fall, used as nothing more than accounting chips in a trade. In the meantime, other opportunities for them fall through.”
“I'd never do a contract that doesn't have a guarantee date,” says Gee's agent, Happy Walters, who did not negotiate Gee's initial Cleveland contract. Walters got the Cavs to restructure some things, including Gee's payment schedule last season, but the Cavs would not relent on the trigger date, Walters says.
Hopefully, Gee isn't in financial straits. They earned more than $6.5 million over the last two seasons. He's not a second-round pick hoping to secure at least one six-figure deal.
And some of these crazy nonguaranteed contracts can work in a player's favor. Keith Bogans earned a cool $5 million on a nonguaranteed deal last season as a necessary pawn in the Nets-Celtics mega-trade, and then as a Boston trade chip for any team seeking cap savings. It looked like the gravy train would ride on after the Cavs acquired Bogans over the weekend, but they flipped them to Philly, and the Sixers have no real need for Bogans (or their contract).
The Pelicans signed Melvin Ely last April to a deal that carried a nonguaranteed $1.3 million salary for 2014-15. Ely earned nearly $30,000 last season for the Pelicans.  They are not an NBA player. New Orleans knew this. It just wanted their nonguaranteed contract in order to facilitate the web of transactions that led to Omer Asik, and they paid Ely $30,000 for the privilege. God only knows how they selected Ely, but lucky him.
We're all pawns to some degree. I'm a line item at ESPN, just like you're a line item wherever you work. Companies across all industries talk of employees as “assets.” That language is dehumanizing, but to act as if it doesn't exist — or even that it shouldn't or wouldn't exist in a “better” world — is both hopeful and a bit naive.
But the issue of control is real, in basketball and elsewhere. Leaning on stars to skip Team USA in the summer is on the same continuum as trying to attach as many nonguaranteed years as possible to the back end of contracts — and to do so without any trigger date.
Again: Management “controlling” labor isn't a new thing. Teams will find more creative ways to do it as league rules evolve. But it's not a joke, and both agents and the union need to fight hard for fairness.
- Strong side selected for tour opener
- Two new caps in reserves
The team is as follows: (with Test caps in brackets. * denotes a new cap)
Starting XV:
1. Wyatt Crockett (7)
2. Andrew Hore (72)
3. Owen Franks (41)
4. Luke Romano (8)
5. Samuel Whitelock (35)
6. Adam Thomson (28)
7. Richie McCaw – captain (113)
8. Victor Vito (17)
9. Piri Weepu (66)
10. Daniel Carter (92)
11. Julian Savea (5)
12. Tamati Ellison (3)
13. Ben Smith (9)
14. Cory Jane (38)
15. Israel Dagg (22)
Reserves:
16. Dane Coles *
17. Tony Woodcock (92)
18. Ben Franks (21)
19. Ali Williams (75)
20. Sam Cane (4)
21. Tawera Kerr–Barlow *
22. Beauden Barrett (2)
23. Ma'a Nonu (73)
The key feature of the squad for the All Blacks opening match is the selection of a strong side, with a total of 556 caps in the starting XV and an additional 267 caps of experience on the bench. Another highlight is the inclusion of the two new caps, 25–year–old hooker Dane Coles and 22–year–old halfback Tawera Kerr–Barlow in the reserves.
In the starting XV, prop Wyatt Crockett gets their eighth Test start for the All Blacks and is alongside hooker Andrew Hore and prop Owen Franks in the front row. Luke Romano and Samuel Whitelock are in the second row while in the loose forwards, Adam Thomson is at blindside flanker, Victor Vito makes their third Test start at number eight, while the side will again be captained by Richie McCaw in their familiar seven jersey.
In the backs, Piri Weepu has been picked at halfback, Vice-Captain Daniel Carter is at first five–eighth, while there is a new midfield combination with Otago and Highlanders teammates Tamati Ellison and Ben Smith combining at second five–eighth and centre respectively. In the outside backs, Julian Savea and Cory Jane are the wings with Israel Dagg at fullback.
An eight–man reserves bench has been named, with the All Blacks and other international teams trialling the new International Rugby Board (IRB) law amendment which allows an extra front rower on the bench.
Joining Coles and Kerr–Barlow on the reserves bench are props Tony Woodcock and Ben Franks, lock Ali Williams, loose forward Sam Cane and Beauden Barrett and Ma'a Nonu in the backs.
All Blacks Head Coach Steve Hansen said: “The team is excited about kicking off our Tour in Scotland in front of a packed house at Murrayfield.
“We have had a good build–up this week and the key for us has been to get our preparation spot on so we can put in a performance on Sunday which we are proud of. However, we know that the Scots will lift for this Test match and we expect them to be very combative.”
The All Blacks have played Scotland 28 times since 1905, with 26 wins to the All Blacks and two draws – in 1964 and 1983. The teams last played in 2010 at Murrayfield on the All Blacks Northern Hemisphere Tour, with the All Blacks winning 49–3 on that occasion.
All Blacks Air New Zealand European Tour match schedule
1. Scotland (Murrayfield, Edinburgh, 2.30PM, Sunday 11 November)
2. Italy (Stadio Olimpico, Rome, 3.00PM, Saturday 17 November)
3. Wales (Millennium Stadium, Cardiff, 5.15PM, Saturday 24 November)
4. England (Twickenham, London 2.30PM, Saturday 1 December)
A 23-year-old student from Hyderabad was shot dead by unidentified men who tried to rob them in the US city of Miami, their family has said.
The men, suspected to be robbers, fired four rounds at Sai Kiran Goud around 12 15pm on Sunday after they refused to hand over their mobile phone to the assailants. They died instantly.
Goud had gone to the US about a month ago and was pursuing their masters in a university in Miami, Florida. They were waylaid by the men near their home while they were speaking on the phone.
"We received information from their friends that some people demanded their phone on which they were already talking. Their friend on the other end of the call heard four rounds of gunshots being fired. We are awaiting more details," their uncle Shravan Kumar told PTI.
The news shocked Goud's parents and other relatives. A pall of gloom descended on the residence of the youth in Kushaiguda area of Hyderabad.
Goud's family appealed to the Telangana and central governments to help bring their body home.
(With inputs from agencies)
First Published: Jun 15, 2015 09:55 IST
Two Baltimore school police officers are under investigation after a cell phone video posted online apparently showed one repeatedly and violently slapping a student at the city's REACH Partnership High School, on Tuesday afternoon.
WJZ CBS Baltimore first showed the video to Baltimore City school officials after it surfaced online this week. Since then, Baltimore school police chief Marshall Goodwin and the two unidentified officers in the video have been placed on administrative leave pending a criminal investigation by law enforcement officials, the Baltimore Sun reported.
"I was totally appalled at what I saw today," Karl Perry, chief officer of school support told WJZ. "I'm a parent and I'm totally appalled at what I saw in that video. No matter what the circumstances are, I am totally appalled."
Twitter - twitter.com
It's unclear what led to the altercation, or what followed, WJZ reports. The Baltimore Sun noted that the officers in the video were apparently responding to reports of two "intruders," whom the officers considered a threat. However, an attorney for the boy who was attacked in the video told the Sun that they are a student at the school.
The incident has stirred existing tensions over tactics used by school police officers, which in Baltimore operate separately from the city's force. As the Washington Post notes:
"Last year, a Baltimore City school police officer pleaded guilty to assaulting three female students. Surveillance footage from 2014 showed officer Lakisha Pulley using a baton on the middle school students at Vanguard Collegiate Middle School."
School resource officers, or SROs, have drawn criticism on the national stage recently — within a larger conversation about overbearing police tactics. In October of last year, a South Carolina school-assigned officer was filmed manhandling a "verbally disruptive" high school student, which was just the latest in a string of violent incidents involving SROs.
David Pontious, a senior at Baltimore City College High School told the Baltimore Sun that the incident should cause serious concern for both parents and students. "When we have these acts of extreme violence directed by the people who are supposed to be protecting us toward students, that's a very serious concern to me, to other students and to parents," Pontious said.
Sgt. Clyde Boatwright, president of the Baltimore school police union told the Sun, "We are waiting for the department to conduct a full and complete investigation."
ATTN: reached out to Baltimore City Public Schools but did not hear back prior to publication.
Rod Adams, an advocate with Neighborhoods Organizing for Change, doesn't mince words when it comes to the so-called Uniform Labor Standards Act — a Republican-led effort to block cities from imposing their own paid sick leave mandates or minimum-wage increases.
“Republican legislators, this is a spit in the face of the working people who you claim to represent,” said Adams, flanked by DFL lawmakers in advance of a House floor session on Thursday evening.
Minutes later, they joined dozens of labor, social justice and anti-poverty advocates outside the House chamber to chant and rally against “corporate greed” and in favor of “local control.”
Business advocates, however, say they have good reason to be wary of a potential patchwork of wage, sick leave and scheduling regulations that vary from city to city.
“If businesses don't know the rules they're going to be operating under, they're not going to grow in Minnesota,” said lead author and Rep. Pat Garofalo, R-Farmington, addressing House lawmakers Thursday during the marathon and sometimes emotional floor session, which stretched toward midnight. “They're not going to add jobs in Minnesota. This bill simply conforms with what we've done for over 100 years.”
Minnesota Chamber urges lawmakers to vote for "pre-emption" bill to block St. Paul and Minneapolis from mandating paid sick leave benefits. pic.twitter.com/2dsionr218 — FredMelo, Reporter (@FrederickMelo) March 3, 2017
The so-called “pre-emption” bill passed the Republican-controlled House 76-53 late Thursday night, largely along party lines, but it has yet to be approved by the Republican-controlled Senate. DFL Gov. Mark Dayton, who has shown no enthusiasm for the proposed legislation, has called it a business tactic to tamp salaries.
LOCAL WAGE, SICK LEAVE RULES
A December survey of 500 Minnesota companies, most of them small-business owners, found that more than 70 percent believe a raft of new rules — including a proposed $15 minimum wage in Minneapolis — will negatively affect their businesses.
“The results from our survey clearly demonstrate the need for a statewide uniform approach to these issues,” said Vicki Stute, president of the Dakota Regional Chamber of Commerce and chairperson of the Metropolitan Advocacy Coalition of Chambers, in a prepared statement.
St. Paul and Minneapolis passed ordinances in 2016 that require most employers to offer workers paid sick leave, effective July 1. Advocates estimate some 150,000 workers — 63 percent people of color — would benefit.
In addition, Minneapolis is hosting listening sessions this month in advance of a possible increase to the citywide minimum wage. Duluth has been studying a possible sick leave mandate, and other cities are likely to jump aboard.
All of those efforts would fall by the wayside if House File 600, otherwise known as the Uniform Labor Standards Act — or pre-emption bill — becomes law. The bill blocks cities from mandating a higher minimum wage or greater sick leave and scheduling benefits than what's required by the state of Minnesota.
Proponents such as Garofalo have said the intent is to create uniformity in employment regulations from city to city. The alternative, they said, would leave employers scrambling to understand requirements that could change at every municipal border.
“There are 854 cities in the state of Minnesota,” Garofalo said this month while introducing the bill at a House job growth committee they chair. “It is unrealistic and unproductive to have 854 different labor standards.”
Some business owners say the lack of uniformity would leave employers vulnerable to predatory lawyers eager to exploit honest mistakes in paperwork and accounting as their mobile workforce moves from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Even the threat of a lawsuit can draw settlement offers from worried small-business owners.
Opponents such as the anti-poverty group ISAIAH say the proposed legislation would block local control over citywide rulemaking, historically a staple concern of conservative lawmakers.
“Working people are actually winning at the local level, and that scares people desperately,” said Rep. Paul Thissen, DFL-Minneapolis, on Thursday, addressing House lawmakers.
On Feb. 23, the seven members of the St. Paul City Council authored a letter to House Ways and Means Chair Jim Knoblach, R-St. Cloud, offering to help them replicate St. Paul's sick leave regulations on a statewide basis, an offer that Republican lawmakers have shown no interest in taking up.
St. Paul City Council authors letter to House Ways and Means Chair offering to help them craft statewide bill based on St. Paul's sick leave pic.twitter.com/6gZ4BaY58w — FredMelo, Reporter (@FrederickMelo) March 3, 2017
The council members said the pre-emption bill would “undermine the critically important relationship between us as locally elected officials and our constituents.”
Labor interests say that given the lack of state and federal action on paid sick leave in particular, a city-by-city approach to increasing worker wages and benefits may be the only alternative. Workers in retail, food service and other low-wage industries would benefit most.
“We're going to fight against these Republican efforts,” said Rep. Melissa Hortman, DFL-Brooklyn Park, during a media gathering prior to the floor session. “They're anti-worker. They're anti-democracy.”
Rep. Erin Murphy, DFL-St. Paul, said the pre-emption bill “locks in” inequality and overturns democratic decision-making.
The statewide minimum wage is $7.75 for small businesses and $9.50 for larger employers. North Minneapolis mother Rosheeda Credit said that's not enough for them to save up for a house or even the two months rent necessary as initial payment for an apartment.
Related Articles MN county Republican group shares post comparing Bernie Sanders to Hitler; Jewish group calls it ‘deeply anti-Semitic'
Gov. Walz unveils $1.27 billion public construction proposal. Will GOP stall effort?
Lawmaker who said gun control supporters should be ‘stomped' apologizes — but denies they said what they said
St. Paul, Minneapolis mayors lead snowball-fighting teams. It's all in good fun.
Diversity consulting is booming. It's even in a St. Paul kindergarten classroom “If I'm making $9.50 an hour, how am I going to have two months rent saved up?” said Credit, a McDonald's worker who said they have been living week to week with their five children in different cheap motels.
Retired St. Paul firefighter Dick Sarafolean, an ISAIAH member, and Rep. Raymond Dehn, DFL-Minneapolis, called the pre-emption bill boilerplate copied from the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), a national business advocacy coalition that has pushed model legislation on behalf of members such as ExxonMobil, Pfizer and Koch Industries.
ALEC's Minnesota state chairs are Garofalo and Sen. Mary Kiffmeyer, R-Big Lake. With that much corporate influence, Sarafolean said, “Why do we need a legislature?”
Dan Swenson-Klatt, owner of the Butter Bakery Cafe in South Minneapolis, said they happily offered paid sick leave to their workers months before the city of Minneapolis mandated it.
“Last year, we had 22 folks put it to use,” said Swenson-Klatt, standing next to one of their bakers who had used the benefit. “It came out to less than 2 percent of my payroll, and less than 1 percent of the actual cost of running the shop.”
Butter Bakery: 22 workers used sick leave last year. Cost owner less than 2 pct payroll, < 1 pct overall expenses pic.twitter.com/gEstLXNlO9 — FredMelo, Reporter (@FrederickMelo) March 2, 2017
This story has been updated to correct an earlier version that gave an incorrect number of Republican authors for the bill in the House. There are 32 GOP sponsors of the bill, 3 are members of the DFL Party.
HOW THEY VOTED
A bulletproof vest, or ballistics vest, is worn over the torso to protect the body from small-arms fire and light shrapnel from explosive devices. Most bulletproof vests consist of many layers of fine, tightly woven fabric (usually Kevlar) that softens and absorbs the impact from high-speed projectiles. Some vests come with either ceramic or metallic plates that are meant to protect the body from rifle fire or larger projectiles.
These vests are often worn by the military, law enforcement officials, and hostage negotiators in situations where a suspect may have a firearm or other destructive device. Private citizens, such as hunters, gun store owners, and convenience store clerks, also use them. And so do criminals, hence this article.
The effectiveness of body armor is unquestioned—studies have shown that it dramatically decreases the wearer's chances of death. It is precisely the effectiveness of body armor that has led lawmakers to regulate it so that criminals do not get the protection it provides. Restrictions include laws on how a vest may be purchased and by whom, to criminal penalties for illegal possession or use during a crime.
Federal Law
Under federal law, a bulletproof vest is considered “body armor,” which is regulated by statute, 18 U.S.C.A. Section 931. That law forbids anyone convicted of a violent felony to own or possess a vest, unless the person wearing the vest is an employee who is doing so in order to perform a lawful business activity and who has obtained prior written certification from the employer. A violation incurs a maximum of three years in prison. And using a vest during the commission of a federal crime of violence or a federal drug-trafficking crime will result in an enhanced sentence. (42 U.S.C. Section 3796ll-3(d)(1).)
The federal law has been challenged on several grounds, all of them unsuccessfully:
No interstate commerce. The Constitution gives Congress the ability to regulate interstate commerce under the Commerce Clause, which has been cited as underpinning the body armor statute. Defendants have argued that no interstate commerce was involved in the possession or use of the vest. But it was relatively easy to show that a vest was indeed involved in interstate commerce, with yarn grown in one state, woven in another, sewn in another, shipped to another, and ultimately sold in yet one more. Note that homemade body armor that stayed in one state would not fall within the federal law's provision.
The Constitution gives Congress the ability to regulate interstate commerce under the Commerce Clause, which has been cited as underpinning the body armor statute. Defendants have argued that no interstate commerce was involved in the possession or use of the vest. But it was relatively easy to show that a vest was indeed involved in interstate commerce, with yarn grown in one state, woven in another, sewn in another, shipped to another, and ultimately sold in yet one more. Note that body armor that stayed in one state would not fall within the federal law's provision. Unconstitutionally vague. A law must be clear in order for it to be understood, and if it's not, it's a violation of the constitutional guarantee of due process. The federal law has withstood such challenges, but in at least one state, California, the challenge was successful (the state subsequently tightened-up its statute).
A law must be clear in order for it to be understood, and if it's not, it's a violation of the constitutional guarantee of due process. The federal law has withstood such challenges, but in at least one state, California, the challenge was successful (the state subsequently tightened-up its statute). The Second Amendment. Some have argued that regulating body armor violates a person's right to bear arms. This argument has not succeeded, either.
State Regulation
A majority of the states regulate vests and other body armor, by prohibiting certain people from owning it, to enhancing sentences when armor is used in the commission of a crime (or making the use itself a separate crime).
Sentence enhancement
Several states add a term of years to the sentence for the underlying crime. For example, in California, judges may add one, two, or three years (Ca. Penal Code Section 12022.2). Or, a state may elevate the level of the felony if body armor is involved. In Kentucky, use of body armor makes the defendant ineligible for parole.
Body armor as a crime itself
In a number of states, utilizing body armor during a crime is itself a crime. For example, using body armor with a weapon in any offense (or just a violent felony) is a crime in some states. In a few states, mere possession (which is much broader than wearing the item) during a crime is a criminal act.
Possession by convicted criminals
Like the federal law, many state laws prohibit certain convicted persons from possessing body armor. But some states don't restrict the ban to those convicted only of violent felonies; and may even extend the ban to violent misdemeanors. Other states list the crimes that determine whether an individual may possess the armor.
Like the federal law, some states allow possession for specified reasons, such as for work.
Restrictions applied to everyone
A few states prohibit the use or possession in specified situations or circumstances, without regard to the criminal background of the wearer. One state prohibits wearing armor on school property or school-sponsored functions (Louisiana), while in Connecticut, sale of body armor must be done in person—Internet and phone purchases are illegal.
Do Bulletproof Vest Bans Make Sense?
A bulletproof vest cannot hurt anyone—it's meant to minimize injury. So why is its possession and use criminalized in the various ways explained above? The answer that makes the most sense focuses on those laws that enhance the sentence for a crime committed while the defendant was wearing body armor. Deciding to put on body armor and then committing a crime says a lot about the defendant's state of mind—his intent to break the law and minimize the chances that law enforcement can hurt or even subdue him. Adding years to their sentence based on this evil planning does make sense.
But some laws simply prohibit convicted felons (or misdemeanants) from owning or possessing the items. They are premised on the assumption that these individuals will surely commit more crimes, and the laws strive to keep them from owning anything that will facilitate those future crimes. This ignores the fact of rehabilitation. Besides, night vision goggles, police scanners, and radar detectors are all legal, and could aid a criminal in their planning, perpetration, and escape—yet they are not illegal to own or use.
A bill that would allow school districts to arm teachers and other personnel with guns was approved Tuesday by the South Dakota House after supporters said it could make would-be attackers think twice about entering a school building.
Representatives voted 42-17 to send the measure to the Senate for further debate.
Supporters said school boards, particularly in rural areas where no law enforcement officers are stationed in school buildings, need the option of arming teachers, administrators or volunteers to protect against attacks like last month's school shooting in Connecticut. Opponents countered that arming teachers could make schools more dangerous because it could lead to accidental shootings and put guns in the hands of people who are trained to teach, not shoot people.
The bill's main sponsor, Rep. Scott Craig, R-Rapid City, said the measure leaves it up to each school board to decide whether to train and arm teachers and others. Schools are now inviting targets for potential mass murderers because they are considered gun-free zones, they said.
"The possibility of an armed presence in any of our schools is a deterrent," Craig said.
Rep. Ray Ring, D-Vermillion, said they oppose arming school personnel because it's more likely to lead to accidental shootings than to stopping attackers. They noted that associations representing local school boards, school administrators and teachers oppose the bill.
"Educators believe arming teachers and volunteers with minimal training will erode the learning environment without significantly improving security," Ring said.
Supporters argued the bill would require that anyone take part in a so-called School Sentinel program complete training that would be designed by the same commission that sets training standards for law enforcement officers. Local law enforcement agencies also would have to approve such a program, and school employees could not be forced to take part.
Rep. Steve Hickey, R-Sioux Falls, said arming school personnel in some districts is only part of an overall approach to school safety. Some schools need to make their entrances more secure, and more mental health counseling is needed for students, they said.
Rep. Troy Heinert, D-Mission, said they don't want their son in kindergarten to think about their teacher being armed.
"Doesn't this bill blur the line between a teacher and a law enforcement officer?" Heinert said. "Do we want to tell our children the only way to be safe is to carry a gun?"
Rep. Stace Nelson, R-Fulton, said educators are trusted to teach students, so they also can be trusted to protect students from harm. Nelson, a retired law enforcement officer, said teachers can be trained to handle guns safely and effectively.
Introduction
The other day I was at the London Playtest Meetup, having just finished a test-game of Voluntarios. One of the players was pretty positive, but the other had this pensive look on their face: “It's really hard to put my finger on it, but something is missing…”
This echoed my own feelings, so we discussed further, trying to find out what that “it” was. And after a few minutes we got it:
There were no interesting decisions that needed to be made!
In the game you pick a project and though they are cosmetically all different, they're all fundamentally the same. And you'd have to gather resources, but one way or another, you'd get what you need. Sure, you could do things more or less efficient, but that was about it…
This of course is a very serious design flaw and so it needs to be fixed. But how?!?
Time to think deeply about what “interesting choices” in board-games are.
What is not interesting
To start out, let's look at what are choices that are not interesting to make.
The obvious choice
You could have a hundred choices, but if one of them is so obviously the best one, then the other 99 might as well not exist.
In Voluntarios you lose points for having resources left at the end of a round. This means that spending any leftover resources becomes very obvious, even if it doesn't gain you anything. You could not spend them, but that would just be silly.
The non-choice
“I can take that wood now, or I can take it later.”
Technically this is a choice, but the result of the two options is exactly the same and thus it is not an interesting choice.
Stated as above it's pretty clear that this is not an interesting choice, but what I've found in Voluntarios that such a non-choice can be hidden somewhat: “I can take the wood now, but then Sarah will take the coins so I'll have to pay in reputation to get my coin. Or I could take the coin now, but most likely Max will have grabbed the last wood, so I'm down some reputation to get that…” Again the result is exactly the same, but you've done quite some mental work to figure that out. Brainpower wasted (analysis paralysis!), without any real gain.
Another example of this is the Voluntarios projects mentioned, which do not fundamentally differ from each other.
The scripted choice
One choice can lead to others that you have to make.
In Voluntarios you pick a project and then you have to gather the resources to finish that project. Get that wood, or you're simply not progressing (or worse, moving backwards). The one choice (of project) very much dictates which further choices you will be making.
Interesting choices
In the above there are some examples of what are not interesting choices.
What do all of these have in common?
They are all easy choices to make!
That is not to say there is not a lot of thinking done before: You need to analyze what the impact of each choice is. But once that impact is done, it's clear which choice you should make. It's the obvious one. Or the scripted one. Or it doesn't matter because all options give the same result.
This should make it clear what makes for an interesting choice: One that is hard!
Hard choices
What makes a choice hard?
When you have several options and you really want the outcome of each of them
There are multiple options and they all have pros and cons in equal measure
All your choices are bad for you, but the game forces you to make a pick
You can go for the sure win, or take a gamble for larger gains, but also risk losing it all
A hard choice is where the outcome of all your options are about equally beneficial and / or where risk and reward are well balanced between different choices.
Uncertainty
Another aspect of a hard choice is that there is uncertainty about the impact of your choice on the outcome of the game. Even after all your analyzing there has to be ambiguity on whether you actually made the best choice. And only through playing the game through to the end will you see that (the combination of all) your choices were the best or not.
Which way will it take the game?
An interesting choice needs to have an impact; it needs to change the state of the game.
The bigger the change to the state of the game, the bigger the impact and thus the more interesting the choice. This is doubly so when different options will change the state of the game in radically different ways: “If I take the wood I'm setting myself up for a whole tonne of houses and workers, but if I take the stone then I can build a factory and start churning out victory points early…”
How to create hard choices
So how do you create hard choices in your board-games?
I think there are two-and-half ways of doing this.
Hard tactical choices
Decisions in board-games are about resources (in the very broad term of the word – this includes turns, spaces on the board, etc; see this post about resources in board-games): Which option optimizes the resources that are important to me?
Hard choices then in general will be about spending and getting resources: “I can take the wood, but then Alice will have the stone. Is wood or stone more important to me right now?” Or: “Should I spend my action to grabbing the stone, or building a factory?”
Or they can be about exchanging one resource for another: “John will trade me a sheep for my brick. Is that sheep more useful to me than the brick? And doesn't the brick help John too much?”
To make resources important they have to be scarce (see this post for more on scarcity in board-game resources); if they are not then it's a non-choice: Get it not or get it later, it doesn't really matter.
Make tactical choices hard by having players choose between multiple resources that are all valuable to them.
Hard strategic choices
Build an engine and hope I have enough time to see it start churning out victory points, or try to go for the quick win, ending the game before the others really get going? Grab a few points every turn or build up for that massive blow in the last turn?
During board-games you will be making strategic choices and these have a deep impact on how you'll be playing the rest of the game. Make a wrong choice and you might be hobbled or even doomed from the get-go. As such these are very interesting / hard choices to make.
Having multiple strategies to victory then allows for a more interesting choice to be made.
Even better, allow for sub-strategies: Maximize workers first, or upgrade your buildings so that your workers are most efficient?
Setting yourself apart
One of the basic ideas of Voluntarios was that you were all working on something together. The result of this would be that there was very little that was “yours”: A finished project would be for the entire village (and thus all players). This in turn means that there is very little to set yourself apart from the other players, making it almost impossible to have a strategy.
Strategies can be formed when you can do something different than your opponents. And just having the option to make different choices than your opponents be enough to have (shallow) strategies form. But to get deep strategies you'll have to make sure that you can really go down a different route from the rest.
Interaction between tactics and strategy
“I've got this great option to grab a whole pile of wood. But the factory that will start churning out victory points requires stone…”
One great way of introducing hard choices is by having tactics and strategy clash. That wood is certainly come in handy at some point (and even if not, I'm very happy for others not to have it!), but it won't help me in executing the strategy that I've chosen. Which is better in the long run?
Take-aways for game designers
Ask yourself: Where are the interesting choices in my game? What percentage of choices that a player has to make is interesting? Is that sufficient?
Ask the same of your play-testers: Which choice was particularly difficult to make (make sure that they understand that you're asking about making the choice and not analyzing the options). Where did you wish you could do multiple things at the same time? Where would you rather not have chosen any of the options at all?
Force players to make hard tactical choices. Make sure there are multiple things they want to do. Or that all options are bad for them.
Add strategy to your game. Add multiple strategies to your game. Add sub-strategies to your game.
Further steps
In this post I've only gone into the ideas of tactics and strategy for a bit, but these are very interesting subjects to delve into further.
I'm also thinking whether there are more ways of introducing hard / interesting choice to board-games. Maybe with further thought more will come up?
And of course now it's time to use what I've dreamt up to make my own game better. When this is giving results I'll be sure to share them as well!
Feedback please!
I'm very open to your ideas and thoughts, let me know if you agree and where you think I completely missed the point! Leave a comment below or hit me up on Twitter?
Hi, I'm Bastiaan. The goal of this blog is to learn about game design. That's hopefully for you as the reader, but just as much for me as the writer.
Help me to learn? Leave a comment or connect with me on Twitter? You can also subscribe to this blog or like it on Facebook, to get updates when I write them.
Colin Kaepernick's first four playoff performances have been among the NFL's most electric in recent seasons. Andy Dalton's three playoff losses have been among the league's most deflating.
Schein: Nothing doing with Dalton Yet another playoff flop from Andy Adam Schein says: The QB definitely limits the
Yet another playoff flop from Andy Dalton confirmed it,says: The QB definitely limits the Bengals' ceiling. READ
If Cincinnati Bengals owner Mike Brown had their way, it would have been Kaepernick -- not Dalton -- leading their team to the postseason the past three seasons.
Citing Kaepernick's "unusual mobility," Brown told The Cincinnati Enquirer that they preferred the Nevada quarterback at No. 35 overall in the 2011 NFL Draft, whereas newly hired offensive coordinator Jay Gruden pushed hard for Dalton.
Although Kaepernick was physically superior in every conceivable way, they were viewed as a developmental project, while Dalton was considered "NFL ready" with pinpoint accuracy and subpar arm strength.
Leading up to the draft, Gruden couldn't hide their affinity for Dalton as a natural fit for their West Coast offense.
Pepsi NEXT Rookie of the Year
VOTE NOW Giovani Bernard had 695 yards and five touchdowns rushing, and 514 yards and three touchdowns receiving. Was it the best rookie performance of 2013?
Three years later, the 49ers have a franchise quarterback, while the Bengals are stuck in purgatory at the position.
As owners who also call the personnel shots, Brown and Cowboys grand poobah Jerry Jones are the last of a dying breed.
Brown never has been afraid to climb out on a flimsy limb if they have a strong gut feeling on a prospect. Given their history, it's a surprise that they deferred to a novice NFL coordinator in choosing Carson Palmer's successor as the face of the franchise.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" recapped all the Wild Card Weekend action.
Share. Company will continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and games. Company will continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and games.
Update: Strauss Zelnick, the CEO of GTA V publisher Take-Two Interactive, provided IGN with the following statement:
“We are disappointed that an Australian retailer has chosen no longer to sell Grand Theft Auto V -- a title that has won extraordinary critical acclaim and has been enjoyed by tens of millions of consumers around the world. Grand Theft Auto V explores mature themes and content similar to those found in many other popular and groundbreaking entertainment properties. Interactive entertainment is today's most compelling art form and shares the same creative freedom as books, television, and movies. I stand behind our products, the people who create them, and the consumers who play them.”
Original Story: Target Australia has announced it will be removing Grand Theft Auto V from its shelves and will no longer sell the game.
The company claims the decision was made following "feedback from customers about the game's depictions of violence against women."
Exit Theatre Mode
Target Australia's general manager of corporate affairs Jim Cooper said the call was made because of "community and customer concern" about Rockstar's open-world crime game.
"We've been speaking to many customers over recent days about the game, and there is a significant level of concern about the game's content," said Cooper.
"We've also had customer feedback in support of us selling the game, and we respect their perspective on the issue. However, we feel the decision to stop selling GTA V is in line with the majority view of our customers."
Cooper explained that Target will continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and video games.
"While these products often contain imagery that some customers find offensive, in the vast majority of cases, we believe they are appropriate products for us to sell to adult customers. However, in the case of GTA V, we have listened to the strong feedback from customers that this is not a product they want us to sell."
A few days ago a petition on Change.org was launched by female survivors of violence in the hopes of having GTA V pulled from the shelves of Target Australia. As of writing, the campaign has gained over 40,000 supporters.
"Please Target," the campaign reads, "we appeal to you as women survivors of violence, including women who experienced violence in the sex industry, to immediately withdraw Grand Theft Auto V from sale."
IGN Australia will contact Target Australia and Rockstar for comment on the matter as soon as possible.
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer, but you probably already guessed that. For more obvious statements, you should probably follow them on Twitter.
McDonald's Facebook Page In less than a year, Don Thompson has gone from pushing the world to eat more burgers as the CEO of McDonald's, to helping guide a vegan company that wants to cut global meat consumption.
On Wednesday, Beyond Meat, a startup dedicated to replacing beef and chicken with plant products, announced that Thompson joined the Board of Directors.
While Beyond Meat said that Thompson's experience would be invaluable, the new job is certainly a departure from planning marketing campaigns to convince consumers that, yes, the Big Mac is made with 100% meat.
"More and more, every day, the traditional favorites of beef, fowl and fish are being augmented with additional plant protein sources to satisfy this new taste demand," Thompson said in a statement. "Ethan and the team at Beyond Meat have proven that you can actually have great taste and high quality with plant based proteins - even in a burger!"
Beyond Meat Beast Burger Beyond Meat
Beyond Meat's philosophy is that meat is delicious, but because of its negative impact on animal welfare, health, and the environment, animal protein should be swapped out for plant-based protein. The company sells items such as Beast Burgers made with non-GMO pea protein and Beyond Chicken Strips made with non-GMO soy and pea protein.
Thompson left McDonald's in March, after working for the company for nearly 25 years.
McDonald's is reportedly still paying Thompson $3 million for "consulting services," according to a report by CNBC. Their replacement, Steve Easterbrook, earns a salary of $1.1 million.
Thompson agreed to a two year non-compete agreement when they left McDonald's. According to the Associated Press, McDonald's says that working with a vegan startup does not interfere with this agreement.
The thousands of tourists who visit the firefly reserve in Tlaxcala are seen as the principal threat to the insects' survival.
In the western part of the state visitors have had access since 2011 to more than 200 hectares of forest, where 15 viewing centers offer camping and cabins.
It is currently the height of the firefly viewing season, which runs from June through August when the insects are mating. More than 80,000 tourists visit firefly sanctuaries in Tlaxcala, México state and Puebla during the season.
But in places such as Santa Clara, Tlaxcala, as many as 900 visitors in a day have been reported at the Villas del Bosque, the only certified sanctuary in Mexico and one of two in the world. The other is in New Zealand.
The firefly's only predator is humankind, which poses a threat through encroachment into the flies' habitat. But forest fires and climate change also pose dangers, says Julián Pérez Ríos of Conafor, the National Forest Commission.
However, the creation of the sanctuary has given the fireflies protection through monitoring for forest fires and maintaining the forest in its natural state after several decades in which there was no regulation, to the detriment of the fireflies.
Installing viewing areas, forest trails and keeping a constant eye on the insects to detect disease or illness have given employment to local citizens, who would otherwise have had to leave to find work, said Víctor Alejandro González Reza, another Conafor official.
Visitors, meanwhile, need to respect the rules.
Santa Clara guide Luis Ramón Galindo said the simple act of using a cell phone can be damaging. Some people think the restriction on the use of phones is exaggerated, they said, but the male flies can confuse the light from a phone with that emitted by a female.
Galindo also said that visitor numbers have increased to the point where next year the sanctuary plans to introduce a reservation system for visitors.
Source: Crónica (sp), Milenio (sp), El Universal (sp)
Photographer Curtis Wallen's latest exhibit, “Proposition For An On Demand Clandestine Communication Network,” opened in a Brooklyn art-house Sunday. The work explored what it would take for a normal person to make a completely private and anonymous phone call in the age of ubiquitous Internet surveillance.
Ultimately, Wallen's exhibit is an incredibly convoluted set of instructions that, theoretically speaking, can be followed in order to make a single phone call outside the scope of government surveillance. While Wallen is not a security expert by trade, they did buy a fake driver's license, Social Security number, insurance card, and cable bill on Tor with Bitcoin in order to create a working fake identity, Aaron Brown, back in 2013.
In other words, they have relevant experience in the world of privacy and anonymity. Of course, their techniques are subject to technical analysis and their efficacy is debatable, but, in this case, art is about the journey and this journey is an absurd one. Fast Company first reported on Wallen's project late last month.
The absurd lengths one man went to in order to make a completely private phone call: http://t.co/i0yZJjtryK pic.twitter.com/a6sauhJRxH — Fast Company (@FastCompany) April 3, 2015
So, how did Wallen go about making a clandestine phone call?
First, they purchased a Faraday Cage-style evidence bag. These bags protect their contents against electronic manipulation with a mesh-work of conductive metals. In theory, outside signals cannot penetrate a Faraday Cage and, therefore, cannot communicate with a mobile phone placed inside of a Faraday Cage.
Once they had their bag, Wallen went to a Rite Aid and purchased a pre-paid, contract-less cell phone, perhaps better known as a “burner” phone. Presumably they purchased the burner with cash rather than a traceable credit or debit card. They then placed the burner phone inside the evidence bag.
Artist @curtiswallen's take on how to make a completely #anonymous and #private phone call: Tweet
Behaviorally speaking, Wallen told Fast Company that they analyzed their daily movements before the experiment looking for anchor points and other times when their phone would not change locations, which they call dormant periods. It's well established that accurately identifying a subject is trivial when you have access to that person's daily location information.
Anecdotally speaking, nearly all of us have a fairly standard procedure of daily movements. We wake up, we go to work, we sit at work all day and we go home. Generally speaking, no other person travels from our exact home to our exact place of work. These are our anchor points.
When it was time to activate their burner, Wallen left their actual, daily-use phone at an anchor point during a dormant period. They themselves then departed from their anchor point with their burner phone in their Faraday bag. While it's not totally clear, they could have increased their chances of remaining anonymous by travelling by foot or by public transport out of sight of surveillance cameras to avoid systems that track license plates.
They then connected to the Internet on a public Wi-Fi access point and used a computer with a clean operating system (think Tails operating system or maybe a properly configured Chromebook in ephemeral mode) to go through the actual activation procedure.
In this way, the phone is not attached to anyone's name or billing information and there is, in theory, no way of connecting its registration to someone's personal computer. In addition, the service provider for their real cell phone has no record of their traveling to the place where the phone was activated. Once it was set up, Wallen left the phone in a non-anchor point inside the Faraday Bag.
Central to good privacy, is eliminating or reducing anomalies that would pop up on surveillance radars, like robust encryption
Once the phone is activated, there is the problem of coordinating the actual phone call. Wallen used a cryptological system called One-Time Pad to encrypt a message containing the burner phone's number and a time for the caller to call the burner phone.
It's important that the call be made during a dormant time so it appears that Wallen is at home or work with their actual, daily use cell phone. It seems that they leaf their real phone behind to throw off theirs location.
Only the message's intended recipient would have the key to decrypt the One-Time Pad encrypted message. Wallen then signed in to the Tor anonymity network, signed in to an anonymous Twitter account and posted the encrypted message. The person who would call the burner then decrypted the message and called the number posted at the given time.
“Central to good privacy, is eliminating or reducing anomalies that would pop up on surveillance radars, like robust encryption,” Wallen told Fast Company. “So, I've prearranged an account where I'm going to post an encrypted message, and that message comes in the form of a ‘random' filename, someone can see that image posted to a public Twitter account, and write down the filename — to decrypt by hand — without ever actually loading the image.”
Wallen would travel back to where they left the burner phone at the appointed time and answer the incoming call. Once that call ended, Wallen wiped (presumably for fingerprints and data) and destroyed the burner phone.
That, apparently, is how you make a clandestine phone call.
Wallen consulted a famous security researcher, best known by their handle “The grugq,” who described the process as technically “secure, but probably fragile in practice” and “possibly too complex and too fragile for real world use.” In other words, Wallen's system could work, technically speaking, but it's a ridiculous work-around.
In case you're wondering the kinds of surveillance we are talking about avoiding, John Oliver dropped an excellent explanation of how NSA surveillance works on this week's episode of Last Week Tonight. Enjoy.
PARIS, Feb 23 (Reuters) - Cutting the share of nuclear power in France's electricity mix from 75 to 50 percent by 2025 is not the most important issue in a planned energy law, Energy Minister Segolene Royal said on Monday.
In October, the lower house of the French parliament passed a much-delayed energy transition bill that included the 2025 target and capped nuclear power production at current levels.
But earlier this month the senate, in which the conservative opposition has a majority and which has the power to amend but not block laws, scrapped the cap and removed any reference to 2025.
Removing the cap would allow state-controlled utility EDF to open its new Areva-designed EPR reactor, under construction in Normandy, without closing one of France's ageing nuclear plants.
Royal refused to confirm whether the government would stick with the 2025 deadline, one of President Francois Hollande's key election promises, and enter new amendments to the text.
“For the moment, that date, the 2025 horizon, is no longer specified. But in a certain way it is still in the law, since what has also been voted is a share of 40 percent of renewable energy in the mix by 2030, so we are not far off,” they said on French television BFM.
Royal added that the new law's targets of boosting renewable energy use and energy efficiency were more significant than a target for reducing the share of nuclear energy in the mix.
“Nobody will take the energy debate hostage with polemic about nuclear. The rest is more important,” they said.
Royal also said that they were not in favour of quitting nuclear power and added that France needs to continue investing in it, particularly in fourth-generation reactors which will consume less nuclear fuel and recycle nuclear waste.
France is a key driver in research into a new generation of sodium-cooled nuclear reactors.
The senate will vote on the draft law on March 3, after which a committee of senators and lower house members will discuss the text. The lower house is expected to revert back to the original text before a final vote in June.
The Energy Ministry did not return a request for comment. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq, Emile Picy and Michel Rose; Editing by Liisa Tuhkanen)
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has gone back with a fresh approach for Luis Suarez, writes John Cross in Hanoi - and Arsenal are ready to test Liverpool's £40million contract clause.
It puts the Gunners firmly in pole position on Suarez, because Real Madrid have insisted they will not pay more than £25m for the striker- which will be nowhere near enough.
Liverpool have already rebuffed Arsenal's opening gambit of £30m plus £5m in add-ons with a strong message that the 26-year-old Uruguayan is not for sale at any price.
But it is understood Suarez's representatives are making encouraging noises to Arsenal, and other potential suitors, suggesting that if a bid of £40m is made then Liverpool will have to sell.
The north Londoners, who believe this will be a big week for their transfer plans, are trying to maintain dialogue with Liverpool - who are starting a Far East pre-season tour of their own - over Suarez and are hopeful a bigger offer will be accepted.
The Anfield giants remain adamant that if a £40m bid is made they do not have to sell but must inform Suarez, who is understood to now be ready to consider a move within the Premier League.
There is a growing feeling at Arsenal that they have a genuine chance of signing Suarez, who is now their No1 transfer priority but they are still closely watching developments regarding Wayne Rooney and Gonzalo Higuain.
Chelsea appear to be the front-runners on Manchester United forward Rooney, while Napoli have also come in for Real Madrid's Higuain after selling Edinson Cavani to Paris Saint-Germain.
(Image: Helios de la Rubia)
Arsenal had a deal in place and personal terms agreed on Higuain but now appear to have backed off, having been given encouragement that a sensational deal for Suarez could be on.
Real would be Suarez's preferred destination, but the Spanish giants are playing hardball on a price and are willing to do so right until deadline day - and that leaves Arsenal very hopeful.
Wenger was cautious on Wednesday when asked directly about all three strikers, but insisted they are willing to pay top wages and it is understood that all of them remain on the agenda.
They hinted that, after Arsenal reluctantly sold Robin van Persie to United last summer, they may take revenge on their Old Trafford rivals with a move for Rooney, and they do not believe Suarez is an impossiblity just because they are at another Premier League club.
(Image: Matthew Peters)
Wenger, whose Gunners beat Vietnam's national team 7-1 here, said: "It happened to us (with van Persie). It can happen to them (United). But anyway, Rooney is under contract. They have two years to go. It's Man United who make a decision.
"We push every week. We work on it (transfers) but the competition in Europe is very hard at the moment. There's a lot of money and not many players.
"We are, at the moment, not specifically after one name. We have not the problem of the wages of Wayne Rooney but it's very difficult for us to talk about any specific case.
"I admire everybody who is a top striker, but at the moment we work well but we are not close to sign anybody.
"As soon as we will be, we'll let you know."
* JAY SPEARING can speak to Blackburn after Liverpool accepted the Championship club's £1.5m offer for the midfielder, writes Alan Nixon.
The Parliament of Canada has passed a bill that amends the country's Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act of 2000 to extend to both foreign and domestic businesses working in the bitcoin and digital currency sectors in Canada.
Bill C-31, known formally as “An Act to Implement Certain Provisions of the Budget Tabled in Parliament on February 11, 2014”, has potentially far-reaching implications for all bitcoin businesses currently serving the Canadian market, and was first introduced in March.
On 19th June, it received Royal Assent, thereby officially becoming law, though additional approval will be needed before the regulation can be enforced.
The amendment does not name bitcoin directly, but rather refers to businesses “dealing in virtual currencies”. Members of Canadian bitcoin ecosystem have reached out for formal clarification. However, previous discussion of the bill by the country's then finance minister Jim Flaherty suggests the measures are indeed intended to cover bitcoin.
Once enforced, the law would regulate bitcoin businesses as money services businesses (MSBs), a determination that would impose record keeping, verification procedures, suspicious transaction reporting and registration requirements on bitcoin businesses seeking to engage its citizens in digital currency-related financial services.
The text of the amended law reads:
“Division 19 of Part 6 amends the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act to, among other things, enhance the client identification, record keeping and registration requirements for financial institutions and intermediaries, refer to online casinos, and extend the application of the Act to persons and entities that deal in virtual currencies and foreign money services businesses.”
Additionally, bitcoin businesses would be required to register with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC) and face restrictions if they fail to do so.
Christine Duhaime, a Canada-based financial crime and certified anti-money laundering (AML) specialist, wrote in their assessment that bitcoin entities could be prohibited from traditionally opening bank accounts if they are not registered with FINTRAC.
Duhaime told CoinDesk:
“[The law applies to] bitcoin businesses in Canada providing services to Canadians, but it also applies to ones outside of Canada targeting Canadians … For bitcoin businesses outside Canada, the correspondent banking relationships will apply, meaning that banks anywhere basically will have to make sure that when they're providing bitcoin services that those bitcoin services are compliant with the law in Canada.”
Amber Scott, vice president of AML at Canadian consultancy Bitcoin Strategy Group, further explained:
“This will affect anyone serving Canadian customers in Canada. For example, if you're a Dutch company offering ATMs in Holland, and I as a Canadian buy BTC from an ATM in Holland, there's no impact. But, if the same company offers an online exchange and I access that exchange from Canada, they're captured under the law.”
Scott added: “The penalties for non-compliance can be fairly significant. In addition to the financial implication, the regulator also has the ability to publish the names of companies found to be in violation (which is generally the kiss of death as far as maintaining or establishing any banking relationships).”
The measures are part of a wide-ranging bill meant to strengthen the country's domestic AML policies and terrorist financing efforts.
CoinDesk is monitoring this developing story.
1 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – General Motor's ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle (Photo Credit: TARDEC) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – Dr. Paul D. Rogers, director of U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center, speaks about the ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle at the Washington Auto Show, Jan. 26, 2017. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – A look under the hood of the ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle was allowed at the Washington Auto Show, Jan. 26, 2017. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – A look at the 120- and 240-volt outlets of the ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle was allowed at the Washington Auto Show, Jan. 26, 2017. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – A look inside the ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle was allowed at the Washington Auto Show, Jan. 26, 2017. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – A journalist checks out the ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle after an Army press briefing at the Washington Auto Show, Jan. 26, 2017. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL
WASHINGTON (Army News Service) -- In a tactical situation, the last thing a Soldier wants to do is give away their position to the enemy.
The ZH2 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle promises to provide that important element of stealth, said Kevin Centeck. team lead, Non-Primary Power Systems, U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center at the 2017 Washington Auto Show here Thursday.
The ZH2 is basically a modified Chevy Colorado, fitted with a hydrogen fuel cell and electric drive, they said. It was put together fairly quickly, from May to September, and will be tested by Soldiers in field conditions later this year.
Charley Freese, executive director of General Motor's Global Fuel Cell Activities, explained the ZH2 is stealthy because its drive system does not produce smoke, noise, odor or thermal signature. GM developed the vehicle and the associated technologies.
The vehicle provides a number of other advantages for Soldiers:
-- The ZH2 produces high torque and comes equipped with 37-inch tires that enable it to negotiate rough and steep terrain.
-- The hydrogen fuel cell can produce two gallons per hour of potable water.
-- When the vehicle isn't moving, it can generate 25 kilowatts of continuous power or 50 kW of peak power. There are 120 and 240-volt outlets located in the trunk.
-- The vehicle is equipped with a winch on the front bumper.
Dr. Paul D. Rogers, director of TARDEC, said the Army got a good deal in testing this vehicle, leveraging some $2.2 billion in GM research money spent in fuel cell research over the last several decades. The Army is always eager to leverage innovation in new technology, they added.
While GM developed the technology and produced the demonstrator, the Army's role will be to test and evaluate the vehicle in real-world field conditions over the next near.
HOW IT WORKS
Electricity drives the vehicle, Centeck said. But the electricity doesn't come from storage batteries like those found in electric cars today. Instead, the electricity is generated from highly compressed hydrogen that is stored in the vehicle by an electrochemical reaction.
As one of the two elements that make water (the other being oxygen), there's plenty of hydrogen in the world. But hydrogen isn't exactly free, Centeck pointed out. It takes a lot of electricity to separate the strong bond between hydrogen and oxygen.
That electricity could come from the grid or it could come from renewables like wind or solar, Centeck said.
Existing fuels like gasoline, propane, and natural gas can also be used to extract hydrogen, they said. The Army and GM are comparing the costs and benefits for each approach and haven't yet settled on which approach to use.
Christopher Colquitt, GM's project manager for the ZH2, said that the cost of producing hydrogen isn't the only complicating factor; another is the lack of hydrogen fueling stations.
Most gas stations aren't equipped with hydrogen pumps, Colquitt pointed out, but California and some other places in the world are in the process of building those fueling stations. For field testing purposes, the Army plans to store the hydrogen fuel in an ISO container.
Another cost involves the hydrogen fuel cell propulsion system itself. Fuel cell stacks under the hood convert hydrogen and air into useable electricity. They are composed of stacks of plates and membranes coated with platinum.
In the ZH2 demonstrator, there are about 80 grams of platinum, costing thousands of dollars, they said. But within the last few months, GM developers have managed to whittle that amount of platinum down to just 10 grams needed to produce a working vehicle, they said.
The modern-day gas and diesel combustion engine took a century to refine. Now, GM is attempting to do that similar refining with hydrogen fuel cells in just a matter of months, they said. It's a huge undertaking.
By refining the design, Colquitt explained, they mean lowering cost and providing durability, reliability and high performance. Refining doesn't just mean using less platinum, they explained. A lot of other science went into the project, including the design of advanced pumps, sensors, compressors that work with the fuel cell technology.
Colquitt said the ZH2's performance is impressive for such a rapidly-produced vehicle. For instance, the fuel cell produces 80 to 90 kilowatts of power and, when a buffer battery is added, nearly 130 kilowatts. The vehicle also instantly produces 236 foot-pounds of torque through the motor to the transfer case.
The range on one fill-up is about 150 miles, since this is a demonstrator, they said. If GM were actually fielding these vehicles, the range would be much greater.
NOT READY FOR CONSUMERS
Colquitt said hydrogen fuel cell technology hasn't yet yielded vehicles for consumers, but GM is working on doing just that in the near future, depending on a number of factors, mainly the availability of fueling stations.
The Army is no stranger to the technology, they said. GM's Equinox vehicles, powered by hydrogen fuel cells, are being used on several installations. The difference is that the ZH2 is the first hydrogen fuel cell vehicle to go tactical, they said.
The value of having the Army test the vehicle is that it will be driven off-road aggressively by Soldiers, who will provide their unvarnished feedback, Colquitt said. Besides collecting subjective feedback from the Soldiers, they said, the vehicle contains data loggers that will yield objective data as well.
Testers will put the vehicle through its paces this year at Fort Bragg, North Carolina; Fort Carson, Colorado; Fort Benning, Georgia; Quantico Marine Base, North Carolina; and, GM's own Proving Grounds in Michigan.
TRURO, N.S. — Brad Gushue of St. John's made an unbelievable return to their quarterfinal game at the Masters against Saskatoon's Steve Laycock after a frightening fall that required a trip to the hospital for stitches on Saturday afternoon.
Gushue, the 2006 Olympic gold medallist and a three-time Grand Slam champion, lost their balance, slipped and hit their head on the ice during the fourth end that brought a halt to play in all four games of the draw. Gushue required medical attention and was taken to a hospital where they received stitches as their three teammates continued to play.
However, Gushue was patched up and cleared to return and the crowd roared during the seventh end when they stepped back onto the ice, still wearing their hospital bracelet, and resumed skip duties for their team trailing 3-1.
Gushue got a single in the end but Laycock scored two in the final frame to win 5-2 and advance to the semifinals.
“Tough day at the office, for sure,” Gushue said after the game. “I don't know what happened. I just fell and couldn't get my arms underneath me and fell right on my face. Seven stitches, bad headache and sore neck. It'll be rough tomorrow.”
With Gushue leaving in the fourth, lead Geoff Walker made the team's last rock to the button with a perfect draw facing three counters for a single that tied the game 1-1.
Third Mark Nichols attempted an in-off with the team's last shot in five but only got one and Laycock made an open draw for two. Nichols blanked the sixth.
It was Laycock's second game of the day after they defeated Glenn Howard 6-3 in the morning tiebreaker to set up the quarterfinal match against the defending Masters champion.
“That was a pretty different situation out there,” Laycock said. “I've never been involved in a game where there's been a serious injury like that. It was really tough to watch but it was great to see that they were able to come back and that it wasn't more serious than it was.
“I was really proud of the guys and how we stayed focused through that because we continued to make good shots.”
Laycock now plays Jim Cotter, from Vernon, B.C., who trumped Brad Jacobs of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont., 8-1 to advance. Team Cotter took control of the game in the second half, breaking a 1-1 tie with a three-ender in five and added steals of one in six and three in seven to roll into the semis.
Cotter won the Tour Challenge Tier 2 event in September to earn a berth at the Masters, the first major of the 2015-16 Pinty's Grand Slam of Curling season.
Tour Challenge Tier 1`winner Kevin Koe of Calgary made an incredible final shot to score three in the last end and lift their Calgary team to a 7-5 victory over reigning world champion Niklas Edin of Sweden.
Koe will play Mike McEwen, who moved on with a 7-4 victory over Reid Carruthers in an all-Winnipeg rink matchup. McEwen made hit and sticks to score two in the first and three in the fourth. Carruthers got a single after a measurement in three and earned a deuce in five but McEwen matched with a pair in six. Carruthers was held to one in seven and shook hands.
The Masters are the second stop on the seven-event Pinty's GSOC schedule and runs through to Sunday at the Rath Eastlink Community Centre. Women's quarterfinals are set for 6 p.m. AT on Sportsnet.
Cutting the cord has created larger viewership numbers for HBO, according to a new study by Amobee Brand Intelligence. The digital marketing and data analytics firm said HBO consumption has increased 85 percent since the network announced it would debut its HBO Now stand-alone service on April 7.
Viewers are most interested in the premium cable network's fantasy drama Game of Thrones, which had its Season 5 premiere on Sunday. Between the HBO Now announcement on March 9 and its debut a month later, Game of Thrones made up 19 percent of all content viewed on HBO platforms—and it was disproportionately higher for HBO Now. The first day the streaming service launched, Game of Thrones made up 34 percent of all video consumed.
Amobee Brand Intelligence compiled the data by analyzing content consumed online, on social platforms and on mobile. Its insights came from more than 600,000 websites, 550 terabytes of video, 1.4 billion tweets, 450 million articles, 550 million images and more than 300 billion phrases.
Also leading the pack among HBO Now viewers: True Detective (4 percent), Silicon Valley (3 percent), The Sopranos (3 percent) and The Wire (1 percent). But documentaries didn't seem to make much of a dent. While The Jinx, a miniseries that chronicled the eerie story of Robert Durst, made up 8 percent of all HBO consumption during the same time period, it only accounted for 0.4 percent of HBO Now viewings.
Before HBO Now, the only legal way to watch current HBO shows was to purchase a cable subscription for linear TV or watch through the online platform HBO Go, which also required a cable subscription. HBO CEO Richard Plepler announced the $15-per-month HBO Now cable-free service at an Apple press conference in early March. It's available for Apple TV, iPhone and iPad devices, as well as Cablevision's broadband service.
Interestingly enough, during the Game of Thrones premiere on Sunday, HBO Now was able to withstand the onslaught of viewers; Sling TV and Roku users on HBO Go, however, experienced many outages, according to TechCrunch.
Somnath: Entry of Rahul Gandhi's name in register for non-Hindus visiting Somnath temple maintained by Shri Somnath Trust has triggered a big question today afternoon – is Rahul Gandhi Hindu or not? If they are not Hindu, which faith do they follow? Is the entry of their name in non-Hindu register is good up by their staff or not?
In June 2015, Shri Somnath Trust had made a rule that any non-Hindu entering Somnath temple will need to declare it in a register and he/she will be allowed to visit the temple with security person from Shri Somnath Trust accompanying him/her. Shri Somnath Trust has in this connection put a sign board outside the entry point of Shri Somnath Mandir issuing instruction that non-Hindus will need to take permission for darshan at Mandir.
Ahead of visit by Rahul Gandhi, their name as well as Ahmed Patel's name were mentioned in a register for non-Hindus by Rahul's media coordinator Manoj Tyagi, copy of which is now with media.
‘The names of both Rahul Gandhi and Ahmed Patel have been entered in the non-Hindu Register. Manoj Tyagi, media coordinator of Rahul Gandhi had made the entry. As per rule, it was compulsory to make such entry at the security point close to entry gate for all the non-Hindu entrants,' said PRO Somnath Temple Trust Dhruvbhai Joshi.
Somnath Trust's PK Lehri said,' I am in Ahmedabad but my staff has informed me that Rahul Gandhi's media coordinator had written their name in register maintained for non-Hindus. If any clarification needs to be made, it should come from Rahul's media coordinator and not Shri Somnath Trust. The issue of maintaining register is pertaining to security. Somnat temple has ‘z' category security cover.'
Lehri added that
Rahul is son of Christian mother. Their father was son of Hindu mother and Parsi father.
It's worth noting that Rajya Sabha MP Subramanian Swamy has time and again claimed that Rahul follows Christian faith.
DeshGujarat
U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold said they and their entire congressional staff underwent sensitivity and sexual harassment training in 2016 after the member of congress was accused of gender discrimination and “sexualized commentary” by two female staffers, the Houston Chronicle reported Friday.
The Corpus Christi Republican has been under pressure since news broke last week that they had used $84,000 in taxpayer funds to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit brought by their former communications director.
Farenthold has denied any wrongdoing in any of the cases. However, they agreed to pay back the settlement because they didn't want taxpayers “on the hook.”
Friday's news comes a day after members of the U.S. House Ethics Committee unanimously voted to establish a subcommittee to investigate sexual harassment claims against Farenthold. The member of congress has said they will fully cooperate with the committee's investigation.
COMMUNITY – “Introduction to Teaching” Episode 502 – Pictured: Alison Brie as Annie – (Photo by: Justin Lubin/NBC) Photo: Justin Lubin/NBC
Community is dead. You've read that sentence before. Sometimes “dead” was preceded by “probably.” During season four, in which NBC replaced creator Dan Harmon and the show became a zombie version of itself, the modifier was “creatively.” There's no modifier this time. Forget six seasons and a movie. Now it's five seasons (four if you decide not to count the Harmon-less season). There could be a sixth at some other network or cable channel, or more likely at a streaming service such as Netflix or Amazon or Hulu, but only if the contracts allow it. Then maybe, maybe, maybe a movie. Maybe. Kickstarter? Bueller?
Deep breath.
Not to go all Abed and soapbox on you, but … [Pulls up soapbox, stands on it] … the very existence of this dense, allusive and defiantly not-for-everybody sitcom was a miracle, and the fact that it ran for 97 episodes was another, bigger miracle. Community was the most meta-textual live-action half-hour comedy in network TV history. More so than any network series since The Simpsons, it was television, and almost anything that could appear on television. It was typical sitcom tomfoolery. It was satire and parody. It was an action film or a Western or a paranoid thriller or a musical when it wanted to be. It sent up Ken Burns and soaps and timeline-twisting science fiction, and cartoons, and puppetoons. Not only did it seem too smart and ostentatiously self-aware for network TV, few cable series could match its ingenuity. Even when a scene or sequence or episode wasn't quite working, you appreciated the complexity, the ambition, the fervor of each situation, image, and joke, as well as the baked-in (maybe just baked) tension between the show and the “show.” Harmon and their writing staff seemed engaged in some mysterious ongoing contest to see how many pop-culture footnotes they could hang on a conversation and still have you care about the story as a story and the characters as people, or “people.” It is certainly the only series in network TV history equally inspired by Gilligan's Island, Our Town, and the holodeck on Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Even that mostly misbegotten “off” season feels like an organic part of this deliberately inorganic but still weirdly touching sitcom, the creative-high watermark of which remains (for this viewer, anyway) Abed's monologue from season two's “Critical Film Studies” about being, nothingness, and appearing as an extra on Cougar Town: “If I'm a person that watches Cougar Town, how can I be in Cougar Town? The more I start thinking about it, the less any of it makes any sense at all. And I just want to turn and run, but it's too late, because the director's calling ‘Action.' So, before I take my first step, I realize that I have to stop being someone who's ever seen this show, and become a character on the show … become a man from Cougar Town.”
Or as Harmon put it when I interviewed them a few years ago, “You're seeing something that is supposed to be kind of alienating and snarky, yet there's this weird guy behind it all who is saying, ‘This is how I am communicating with you.' That's why the show is neither spoof nor humble servant to its medium.”
Not either/or. Neither/nor. That was and was not Community.
Norway is offering a way for Americans to obtain a college education without student loans.All that is required is that students prove they can afford daily living and a single semester fee. Aside from that, tuition is free. Transportation is likely to cost little, if anything, since, like most European countries, Norway features a robust public transportation system.The program is open to virtually any qualified non-Norwegian , but Americans seem to be unique in the developed world for having sky-high student loan debt. In comparison, higher education in many European countries is affordable, if not outright free.Kevin Merlini, a Tuition Researcher and Founder of Clipboard Plus , said that the higher education system in Norway differs greatly from what currently exists in America.“For instance, the total number of students enrolled in the Norwegian university system in 2012 was 261,164, which is less than the University of Phoenix's enrollment alone of 319,700 students, and definitely less than the 19.9 million college students in the United States in 2012,” they said.One benefit that keeps Norway's colleges so well funded is that the country has a higher tax rate than the US, hence why it is more practical for Norway to fund its colleges when compared to America trying to fund their public and private universities.Despite these differences, Merlini wholeheartedly supports Americans studying abroad.“There are likely to be advantages to a student with international experience when it comes time to look for employment, especially among companies who do a lot of business outside of the United States,” they said. “It is also important to note that while tuition is covered, flights and living expenses aren't necessarily paid for by the Norwegian government unless you meet certain qualifications.”Of course, not all degrees are equal. While some degree earners have an easier time getting a job, others face an uphill climb.Adding in the fact that a degree may be from another country entirely can complicate the matter further. Merlini cautions prospective students to realize that a degree in Norway may not have an exact equivalent in America. However, it would certainly make someone stick out on applications.He believes that dodging debt is one of the best ways that young adults can avoid becoming just another pawn in the growing class of indentured servants.“For the latter half of the 20th century the American Dream lifestyle could be attained via numerous avenues, including widely available middle class jobs,” said Merlini. “A college degree was not necessary for employment; the work was respectable, stable and relatively well paying with good benefits.”Unfortunately, times have changed. The wage gap between high school graduates from and college graduates has widened . Unemployment is higher for those who only have high school diplomas . Middle class and working class jobs have also been outsourced or automated.Of course, in order to gain the edge offered by education, young adults must pay tuition to get college educations. The time in which people could attend college while working and paying their way through it has passed.Now, tuition is so high that students need to borrow student loans in order to attend. Come time for graduation, if the borrower can only get a job that pays a low amount, then they will have a hard time paying off their college debt.This debt can swell due to interest, late fees, and penalties. A borrower can end up owing so much money that they will be forced to keep working and repaying it for the majority of their adult lives.Alexander Dolin, a life coaching consultant , has accrued $100,000 in student loan debt after attending Ohio and Liberty Universities for their degrees. They wish that they could have studied abroad in Norway and gotten their B.A. for cheaper.“Hypothetically, if I had kids, I would allow my children to have this type of experience also, especially if it meant that they would graduate from college debt free,” said Dolin.Understandably, Dolin fears that studying abroad would result in a degree that is not as respected as degrees from American Universities. Still though, the experience from studying abroad would be a resume-booster and a great cultural experience, on top of providing college-debt-free life.Holly Oberle, author of College Abroad , got their masters degree in Germany, completely tuition free. As they experienced first hand, it is a massive benefit to get an education without having to take on debt. In fact, they wish they did the same thing for their bachelor studies in America that were paid for by student loans.“To be honest, and I'm embarrassed to say in fact, I don't know how much I borrowed in total,” they said. “This is a problem with the student loan system I think.”Oberle's parents paid off one their student loans and helped with another. At the moment, their debt stands at $16,000 as they plan to pursue a doctorate degree. They have every intention of completing those studies in Eastern Europe though.While Oberle noted that Germany had some differences compared to American college life, they were most surprised by how German academia challenged their worldview.“Students who are looking to avoid debt should absolutely consider college abroad, but at the same time it shouldn't be the only reason someone goes abroad,” they said.As more eyes turn to the Student Debt Crisis, more attention will be drawn toward alternatives to the American college system and its ever increasing tuition. Norway will certainly not be the last European country to get attention from debt-fearing American students.“There are a lot of sacrifices, being away from friends and family, long plane rides home, and loneliness, but all of those things are also incredibly important and empowering learning experiences,” said Oberle. “The question is whether 20, 30, 40, or $60,000 of debt is worth staying someplace nearby and familiar and not challenging yourself culturally.”
Corpse Party coming to PC later this year
Corpse Party has been announced officially by XSEED to be releasing on PC platforms internationally later this year (TBA 2014).
XSEED announced their E3 line-up through a PR message, along with a few new game announcements. Among the announcements was the Windows PC version of Corpse Party, the remake to the original 1996 RPG Maker game that came to PSP in 2011. While an exact date and PC digital service were not announced, due to XSEED's previous PC handlings, it'd be safe to assume it'll be releasing on the Steam platform.
The PC version of Corpse Party differs slightly from the PSP version. The most noticeable change comes from the voice actors, as they're completely different between the PC and PSP versions of the game. The PC version had ‘indie' voice actors to accommodate the low budget of the original remake project. The PSP version of the game redid the voice acting with professional name-talent actors. There are a few additional scenes in the PC version not present in the PSP version, some of the music is different, and one chapter that was included in Corpse Party: Book of Shadows is present in Corpse Party PC (The ‘Tooth' Chapter), which is included as a whole new chapter with new dialogue, puzzles, and gameplay.
Like with the Ys series, which started releasing on the Steam service last year, this may be an effort to, ‘test the waters,' for the series on PC, as the sequel, Corpse Party 2: Dead Patient, currently is releasing episodically in Japan on PC. The Ys series did better than expected on the Steam platform, which prompted XSEED to begin working on more Ys games for the platform. Corpse Party may very well be one the same.
We'll bring you more when the game is officially shown off at E3.
Before commenting on this article, I'd like to tell you a little story.
While I still worked full-time for Accenture, I spent a year working my ass off to start my first startup. I woke up at 4am for 9 months, working for 3 hours first thing in the morning, before having a 1-hour nap and then going to work at a stressful, challenging investment banking consulting job for another 9 hours. I ingested copious amounts of caffeine and Modafinil just to stay functional during the day. I discarded most of my social life (I was in bed by 10:30).
At the end of this period of running a consistent sleep deficit of 3 hours a night, I was, predictably, burned out. After finally quitting Accenture, it took me two months before I returned to a decent level of productivity - two months during which my startup's ill-conceived product (it was the first, after all) floundered, failed to get the growth we hoped for, and went into decline. Then, the startup finally exploded due to a disagreement with my cofounder a few months later.
In hindsight, my drive to work harder rather than smarter caused me to make a number of very costly mistakes: jumping full-time into the startup too soon; using a slower development platform (PHP) because I didn't have the time to learn Rails (took me about 2 weeks when I finally got around to it); and many others. I'm still paying for some of these mistakes today.
So, I have some strong opinions about the story that Justin Kan, of YC success justin.tv, shared, about working their team to the bone to launch for SXSW:
The team commits to working as hard as it takes, and they do indeed. 12-hour days, six or seven days a week. Sometimes far beyond the point where it is still productive. I'm not even programming; all I'm doing is trying to make sure that everyone on the team experiences no roadblocks and figure out how we can possibly move faster. It still takes time, though, and I'm spending 90% of my waking hours and 100% of my mental energy at the office. In the most cliche startup moment of all, my girlfriend leaves me the day after Valentine's Day; I guess I saw that coming for a few weeks.
The problem with these kinds of stories is they make it seem like this should be the way to launch your startup. They get across the impression that if you're not pushing yourself past your limits, you're not working hard enough. Stories of this type are like the boss who works until 11pm every night, forcing everyone else to stay late so that they don't look bad.
Justin is an experienced, successful entrepreneur. With their clout, connections, funding, etc, SocialCam has a fair chance of succeeding (at least in some way). So I won't pass judgement on whether it was right for the SocialCam team to push themselves like that. There are no rules in this game, and sometimes, yes, you have to give it all you've got.
But, taking a wider view, many startups do not have someone like Justin Kan (a successful YC founder with 5 years of experience of running startups in the Valley, and all the wisdom and connections that implies) multiplying their chances of success. Would this team have worked this hard if SocialCam's chance of achieving any success whatsoever was only 5% (a generous chance for the typical first startup)? What if it was only 1%? Does it make sense to sacrifice everything for such a long shot? Having done so in the past, I take the view that no, it's not worth it.
The founding team is rarely capable of objectively estimating their own chances of success - they're far too optimistic. The most conservative will suggest they might possibly have a 50% chance of failure, if everything goes wrong. Everyone thinks they're different.
People who sacrifice everything are rarely successful. That's even more true when they sacrifice everything for something with the slimmest chances of success. Successful businesses, in turn, flow out of successful people.
My advice: work hard when it makes sense (no one can stop you anyway), but don't get into the mindset that it's a good idea to sacrifice everything for your startup.
If you read this far, you should follow me on Twitter here.
(RNS) Same-sex partners can't marry in a United Methodist Church. But if one of the spouses works at one of the denomination's 13 general agencies, the couple can get benefits if state laws allow it.
The decision, made at last week's meeting of the UMC's Judicial Council in Little Rock, Ark., affirms one made in October by the church's General Council on Finance and Administration, which expanded the definition of “spouse” to include same-sex spouses and partners.
Same-sex marriage is roiling the 7.5 million-member U.S. denomination, which in recent years has struggled with a growing rebellion among clergy willing to flout church law and preside over the marriages of same-sex partners. While some welcomed the Judicial Council's decision, other decried it.
The Rev. Tom Lambrecht of Good News — a conservative Methodist ministry — blogged last week about the extension of benefits: “It adopts a policy that contradicts church teaching on the definition of marriage, not only violating the beliefs and values of church members (not to mention Scripture) but creating confusion by sending a mixed message about what United Methodists believe.”
The decision does not extend benefits to the same-sex spouses and partners of those who work for the church's general agencies in states that prohibit same-sex marriage.
Also at its April 23-26 meeting, the board affirmed that clergy candidates should be allowed a job interview no matter their sexual orientation. The denomination prohibits noncelibate gay clergy.
The council also struck down part of a gay rights resolution passed by the UMC's Desert Southwest Annual Conference, because it supported clergy who performed same-sex weddings.
YS/MG END MARKOE
Just in case you missed it, Bubble Girl is the winner of the Hero Aca New Hero contest conducted in Pixiv sometime last year. Congratulations!
Pixiv link of the entry: http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=59826475
Translation of the character description:
Bubble Girl
Awada Kaoruko
Girl / 16 y.o. / 167cm
Quirk: Perfume Bubble — With this Quirk, they can make bubbles filled with aroma that they had smelled at least once before! They can make both sweet-smelling bubbles and foul-smelling ones. When she's too nervous, they produce very unpleasant-smelling bubbles that it's self-destructing!
Perfume Bubble — With this Quirk, they can make bubbles filled with aroma that they had smelled at least once before! They can make both sweet-smelling bubbles and foul-smelling ones. When she's too nervous, they produce very unpleasant-smelling bubbles that it's self-destructing! “Getting used to it” is their biggest problem.
Admires Tsuyu-san who can give calm and collected judgement.
(Her body is also supposed to be translucent like a bubble as illustrated in the original art, but I guess Horikoshi went for an opaque blue skin instead.)
JERUSALEM — Having failed to stop Sunday's signing of a nuclear deal between Iran and six Western powers despite a relentless campaign of criticism, Israeli leaders say their mission now is to ensure that, as several put it, this first step is not the last step.
To influence the final deal that the Obama administration and its partners in the Geneva talks intend to hammer out over the next six months, Israel will supplement its public and private diplomacy with other tools. Several officials and analysts here said Israel would unleash its intelligence industry to highlight anticipated violations of the interim agreement.
At the same time, with many Israelis viewing the United States as having abandoned its credible military threat against Iran, they have stepped up talk of a strike of their own.
Though the White House insists the deal signed Sunday is an interim move intended only to buy time to negotiate an agreement that would prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, Israel is deeply worried that there will be little further progress. The sanctions relief in the interim accord relieves the pressure that brought Iran to the table, Israeli officials argue, so Iranian leaders might not stay. Further, they say, the so-called P5 + 1 nations that negotiated the pact have not agreed on or clearly identified their final goals, nor outlined the parameters for punitive measures if progress is not made within the deadline.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is widely expected to secure a fourth term in office after Sunday's general election. But with another round of coalition wrangling on the cards, the poll may yet offer a few surprises.
ADVERTISING Read more
Europe's biggest nation heads to the polls on September 24, with surveys suggesting there is little doubt that “Mother” Merkel – as the chancellor is affectionately known – will get a fourth term at the job they have held since 2005. But who will "Mutti" govern with next?
Merkel's conservative CDU party enjoys an unassailable lead over their current coalition partners, the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD). At 63, the chancellor is on course to match the record four terms won by their predecessors Konrad Adenauer, the founder of the German Federal Republic, and Helmut Kohl, their own political mentor.
But with a record six parties poised to enter parliament on Sunday, the shape of a future governing coalition remains to be seen.
Can Merkel still lose?
According to the latest GMS poll published on Thursday, the CDU is tipped to win 37 percent of the vote, well clear of the SPD with 22 percent. A full third of voters remain undecided, but recent trends suggest there is little momentum behind the Social Democrats, who may yet slip further.
Admittedly, Germany's complex electoral system means the SPD's candidate for chancellor, Martin Schulz, can still harbour the faintest of hopes of unseating Merkel. Depending on the final scores on Sunday, their party could attempt to cobble together an alliance with the Greens and the leftist Die Linke, writes the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, though the paper cautions that such an unwieldy coalition remains highly unlikely.
Back in 2005, the three left-leaning parties had a combined majority of seats but failed to overcome their differences. This time they are likely to get fewer seats, with just as many disagreements; a moderate, Schulz has more in common with Merkel than with Die Linke. Their party is desperate to end its junior partnership with the CDU but has few other options.
‘Jamaica coalition'
With neither of Germany's two big parties eager to continue their loveless "grand coalition", attention has shifted to the race for third place. In addition to the Greens and Die Linke, contenders include the pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP) and the anti-immigrant Alternative für Deutschland (AfD). All four parties are polling at around 8 to 11 percent.
As the traditional kingmaker in German politics, the FDP is hoping to return as the CDU's junior coalition partner, four years after it was humiliatingly dumped out of the German parliament. The two right-leaning parties are seen as natural bedfellows but they may need a third, “unnatural” partner – the Greens – to clinch a majority.
An unprecedented tie-up, the three-way alliance has been dubbed a “Jamaica coalition”, due to the party's respective colours. Given their substantial ideological differences, it would require even more barter and compromise than is normally expected of Germany's consensus-based politics.
Hard-right threat
That consensus would be seriously undermined should the AfD emerge as the third-largest force in the lower house Bundestag.
The anti-Muslim party is set to become the first hard-right group in the post-war era to clear the 5 percent hurdle needed to enter the German parliament. A strong showing on Sunday would be seen as a major snub for Merkel, whose open-door refugee policy is reviled by the AfD.
Pollsters say a low turnout on Sunday could hurt mainstream parties and boost the anti-establishment AfD, which has harnessed both xenophobia and anger at elites in Germany and the European Union. This has prompted Merkel to urge supporters to go out and vote.
"My request to everyone is that they vote, and vote for those parties that adhere 100 percent to our constitution," they told MDR radio on Thursday in a dig at the AfD, which has been dogged by accusations of racism and Holocaust denial. Earlier in the day, top Merkel aide Peter Altmaier stirred controversy by stating that AfD supporters would be better off not voting at all.
So go ahead and break out of that old mold of imagined inabilities. Shift your paradigm by making your own gear rather than buying it. The gear you make yourself will be far more meaningful and rewarding, and your time spent sewing will be quality time away from the mindless tv and opinionated social networks. You will learn new skills and work with your hands, and so take yourself to a whole new level in your backpacking, hiking and camping adventures. "Wow! I read through your essay and the "butchering and battling" comments and thought how much they apply to my own hesitation about ordering a backpack kit. It seems as if I haven't had too much confidence in my abilities as a sewist even though I've already produced the coolest quilt and stuff sacks I can imagine. Your dialog with Chris finally made me realize that my fears are entirely in my imagination, and that I am indeed capable of producing a superior product. Anyway, I'm now ordering a Ray-Way backpack kit, and I certainly appreciate you making these designs available to us. Thanks for your time, and I look forward to putting together a new pack." -Jeff D.
The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) have managed to advance closer to the center of northern Syrian city of Al Tabqah and kill 47 ISIL militants in the area since Monday, local media reported Wednesday.
According to the Firat news agency, the SDF advanced 0.3 miles in the city's Alexandria neighborhood and 0.6 miles in Ayid Saxir neighborhood as part of its operation Wrath of the Euphrates.
In November 2016, the SDF, which predominately consists of Kurdish fighters but also includes members of the Syrian Arab Coalition, launched an operation called the Wrath of the Euphrates to seize control over Syria's Raqqa, the de facto ISIL capital. Al Tabqah is located some 27 miles to the east of Raqqa.
On April 14, the SDF announced the start of the fourth stage of the campaign, this time aiming to clear rural areas of the Raqqa province of terrorists in preparation for the final liberation of the territory.
Effective January 1, 2015, Shaw is increasing regular monthly rates on all Internet plans to support continued investment in building and supporting the Internet experience you need now and in the future.
Canadians use the Internet more than anyone else in the world. We are doing more than just browsing the web and checking email – we're conducting business, watching videos and movies, streaming TV shows and talking to our loved ones with video chat. Today the average home has 10 WiFi devices with modern appliances, tablets, phones, and home security all increasing traffic on the network. By 2018, Internet traffic is estimated to triple*.
We're committed to delivering you the best Internet experience as we grow our hybrid fibre-optic network, in and out of the home, to keep up with your online activities. At Shaw, we love the Internet as much as you do and we know the best is yet to come.
Please know that we are committed to providing you with services and plans that fit your needs and welcome any questions you may have. You will be notified on your invoice of your new monthly rate, 30 days in advance of any changes. If you continue to have any questions, please check your bill online through My Account or connect with our Shaw representatives online through live chat or the Shaw Support Community or by phone at 1-888-279-9114.
*Source: Cisco Systems, “VNI Forecast – Canada Internet Traffic"
Did you know that 91% of successful data breaches started with a spear phishing attack?
Find out what percentage of your employees are Phish-prone™ with your free phishing security test. Plus, see how you stack up against your peers with the new phishing Industry Benchmarks!
IT pros have realized that simulated phishing tests are urgently needed as an additional security layer. Today, phishing your own users is just as important as having antivirus and a firewall. It is a fun and an effective cybersecurity best practice to patch your last line of defense: USERS
Why? If you don't do it yourself, the bad guys will.
Here's how it works:
Immediately start your test for up to 100 users (no need to talk to anyone)
Customize the phishing test template based on your environment
Choose the landing page your users see after they click
Show users which red flags they missed, or a 404 page
Get a PDF emailed to you in 24 hours with your Phish-prone % and charts to share with management
See how your organization compares to others in your industry
The Phish-prone percentage is usually higher than you expect and is great ammo to get budget.
Start phishing your users now. Fill out the form, and get started immediately!
About KnowBe4
KnowBe4 is the world's largest integrated platform for awareness training combined with simulated phishing attacks. We help thousands of organizations to manage the ongoing problem of social engineering.
The fact that the OPCW Fact-Finding Mission did not include a "White Helmets" video into the report on April's chemical incident in Idlib suggests that the US decision to carry out a missile strike on a Syrian airbase was based on "insignificant information," Russia's Permanent Representative to the OPCW Alexander Shulgin said on Thursday.
© REUTERS / Abdalrhman Ismail White Helmets Volunteer Caught With Rebels Dumping Beheaded Bodies
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The fact that the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) Fact-Finding Mission (FFM) did not include a video footage by the "White Helmets" NGO into the report on April's chemical incident in the Syrian province of Idlib suggests that the US decision to carry out a missile strike on a Syrian airbase was based on "insignificant information," Russia's Permanent Representative to the OPCW Alexander Shulgin said on Thursday.
The video footage of the "White Helmets" group featured the bodies of children who allegedly fell victims to sarin gas attack.
"As for the video of children dying presumably from the exposure to sarin, the FFM leaders explained that the experts did not even analyze it as they did not consider it to be primary evidence… But excuse me, photos of whom US Permanent Representative [to the United Nations] Nikki Haley was demonstrating at a meeting in New York? Were they not of these children?… On April 6, at an official meeting of the OPCW delegation with the [US] State Department officials, we were told that US President [Donald] Trump got 'extremely angry' when they saw the footage of dying children," Shulgin said at a 85th OPCW executive council meeting.
The Russian envoy said that reportedly it was exactly this footage that made Trump take the decision to strike the Syrian Ash Sha'irat air base.
"But since you say, I mean our opponents, that the video is not a significantly important evidence in the case of the Khan Sheikhoun incident, then, it turns out that the president of the great power took a critically important decision to launch missiles on the basis of just some sort of insignificant information," Shulgin said.
On April 4, the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, supported by the United States, blamed Damascus for the Khan Sheikhoun chemical weapons incident that killed 80 people, including children, and injured 200 more. The Syrian army strongly rejected the accusations and laid the blame on local militants. The Syrian authorities said that they had never used chemical weapons against civilians or terrorists, and that the nation's entire chemical arsenal had been destroyed under the control of the OPCW.
Reacting to the incident, Washington, which had not presented any proof of chemical weapon use by Damascus, launched 59 cruise missiles at the Syrian governmental military airfield in Ash Sha'irat on April 7.
On April 21, Syrian President Bashar Assad told Sputnik that there was no chemical weapon attack in Idlib, adding that the reports were a false flag and a fabrication which was supposed to justify a US missile strike on the Syrian airbase.
The National Front, a far-right party that has attempted to rebrand itself as a populist and nationalist alternative to traditional parties on the left and right, made significant gains on Sunday, taking control of 11 cities and winning seats on municipal councils in many more.
Local politics have largely been dominated by the Socialist Party for at least a generation, but the elections on Sunday appeared to reverse that trend. Le Monde, the respected newspaper of the center-left, ran a front-page photograph of a somber-looking Mr. Hollande on Monday with a headline that claimed a “historic rout.” Le Figaro, a newspaper of the right that has been unceasingly critical of the president, contended that a conservative “tsunami” was “washing over Mr. Hollande.”
One bright spot for the Socialist Party was in Paris, where its candidate, Anne Hidalgo, was elected the first female mayor.
Mr. Hollande narrowly won the presidency in 2012 with promises of a speedy return to economic prosperity and reinforced social protections. But they quickly lowered their ambitions and said they had underestimated the dire state of France's public finances. More recently, they were unable to make good on a pledge to stop the rise in unemployment by the end of 2013.
The disenchantment among voters, analysts say, stems from frustration with unkept promises and a seeming lack of direction from Mr. Hollande that has been criticized even within their own camp.
“For several months, there has been a lack of explanation, of pedagogy, with regards to the people,” said François Rebsamen, a Socialist senator and mayor, and a close friend of Mr. Hollande's. The president “needs to give their vision, say where we stand, where we're going,” Mr. Rebsamen told Radio Classique. “It's this lack of direction that is so undermining for the political efforts that are being carried out.”
Mr. Ayrault, the outgoing prime minister, was viewed by voters and commentators alike as a bit bland and lacking energy. By contrast, Mr. Valls is intense and sometimes fiery. There has been little indication, however, that the change in leadership will be much more than cosmetic, and most policies are expected to remain the same, with the exception of the future tax cuts announced Monday. Other members of the new government have yet to be announced.
Most of my work in Illustrator/Inkscape are relatively simple vector shapes, like the Knurling.IO logo, or the Hamilton Barbell logo. I wanted to push my limits, try new techniques and finally learn how the pen tool works (haha).
The low-poly 'look' was en vogue a few years ago but trends have since passed. Nevertheless, it's a style I like quite a bit, and I'd never seen one applied to a weightlifting picture. Who better to start with than Lu?
The process itself was simple, if tedious.
Step 1: Find an image.
Step 2: Apply a mesh. I did this by hand using the pen tool to create triangles as I saw fit.
Step 3: Fill with colours! This is the fun step. Use the eyedropper on the reference image then fill the triangle. At first it seemed like it wasn't going to look good at all, but the further it got, the more the image made sense.
I did each step on a separate layer, making it easy to show the progression after the fact (since I didn't record while I worked):
Editor's note: Jason Wilde covers the Green Bay Packers for ESPN Wisconsin.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- John Kuhn was on their way back from Atlanta with their New Orleans Saints teammates last Sunday night, so they didn't get to watch the entire game. Although the veteran fullback and Green Bay Packers folk hero moved on to a new NFL home this season, they still keep tabs on their former team -- at least, when the Saints' charter doesn't prevent it -- and their protégé/successor Aaron Ripkowski in particular.
“It really has been a lot of fun [to watch him],” Kuhn said during an appearance on ESPN Wisconsin's “Wilde & Tausch” earlier this week. “I can kind of remember when my career really kicked off in 2010 -- similar to this year with the Packers [and the] running back injuries. We really needed help there, and I filled in and played a fair amount of halfback that year.
“And as I watch ‘Rip' do the same thing this year, it gives me flashbacks to that year. It's a warm feeling.”
Kuhn's not the only one getting that feeling from Ripkowski, who carried nine times for 61 yards and caught a pair of passes for 15 yards -- including a 7-yard touchdown -- in the Packers' NFC North-clinching 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions, with much of that production coming while Kuhn was able to watch. And Ripkowski figures to play an important role in this Sunday's NFC wild card playoff game against the New York Giants at Lambeau Field, too, after coach Mike McCarthy gave some wide receiver-turned-halfback Ty Montgomery's snaps against the Lions to Ripkowski, who played 36 snaps to Montgomery's 35.
Following the game, quarterback Aaron Rodgers paid Ripkowski the highest of compliments: They compared the second-year fullback from Oklahoma to Kuhn, one of their best friends and a player they politicked for the Packers to bring back before Kuhn joined the Saints.
“John Kuhn is one of my all-time favorite teammates, and we had a great run together. Rip's approach this year, they obviously learned a lot from John [and] he's taken a lot of steps forward this year and been that John Kuhn-type of player, where you just know you can count on him," Rodgers said. “If Mike says, ‘Hey, who do you want back there on the big third down?' I want Rip back there, just like I wanted John back there.”
Rodgers doubled down on that praise this week, insisting that while McCarthy does have a soft spot in their play-calling heart for fullbacks, Kuhn and Ripkowski have intensified it.
“I think it's more the players [than the offense]. I really do,” said Rodgers, who began lobbying for more playing time for Ripkowski in November. “I think John was a special player -- theirs approach, their mental ability to grasp things, to be creative inside of a scheme. Obviously, they're both very skilled, but John's preparation was second to none. And then Rip got to play with him, and saw how important that preparedness was to success on the field, and has been able to carry that over.
“I mean, they're both talented guys. John, you watch some of the film from '08, '09, '10, John was super athletic -- I mean, they still are athletic -- but they were our goal-line back back then, and scored a lot of touchdowns every year. Then Rip, they busted off 60-some yards in [the Detroit] game, and they caught a touchdown. So he's been playing really well for us.
“Obviously, the scheme we have, the position in the offense is given opportunities for success. But those two guys are special players."
While McCarthy did reemphasize their affinity for fullbacks this week -- “It's a philosophy of mine of how you want to play offense,” they said -- both the 6-foot-1, 246-pound Ripkowski and 6-foot, 250-pound Kuhn showed they could play as oversized halfbacks, which allowed them opportunities to be productive.
In 2010, the last time the Packers won a Super Bowl, starting running back Ryan Grant was lost for the season to a broken ankle in the regular-season opener. A cavalcade of running backs followed, including Kuhn, who wound up carrying 84 times that season -- after getting just 18 total carries their first three NFL seasons -- before then-rookie James Starks emerged late in the year.
This season, the Packers lost starter Eddie Lacy to a season-ending ankle injury in October, have been without Starks (knee, concussion) for much of the year and have auditioned several halfback options (Montgomery, Knile Davis, Don Jackson, Christine Michael) throughout the year. Given the revolving door, chants of “Kuuuuuuuhn!” likely would have filled Lambeau Field had the Packers not decided to move on from him.
Instead, it's been Ripkowski -- after getting a mere 14 offensive touches (six carries for 13 yards and three touchdowns, eight receptions for 41 yards and one touchdown) in college -- chipping in.
“I know there were a lot of questions at the beginning of the year letting John walk. John was a huge part of our offense last year, especially in the playoffs when we were running the ball,” Pro Bowl guard T.J. Lang said. “[There was] a lot of talk about, ‘Is Rip a guy that's going to be able to get it done?' He's exceeded all of those expectations, not only from blocking, but carrying the ball.
“He's a special kid. He's a heck of a football player, whether it's blocking, whether it's carrying the ball. He's come a long way mentally since the preseason and training camp as far as all the adjustments at the line and the checks and making sure he's on the right page with the offensive line, where we're blocking. He's definitely been a huge key to what we're doing.”
For their part, the even-keeled Ripkowski, whose striking resemblance to a certain Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer pal led Rodgers to nickname them Yukon Cornelius, has taken the heady praise in stride, even correcting a reporter who called their production -- 34 carries for 150 and two touchdowns, and nine receptions for 46 yards and another touchdown -- “amazing” at midweek.
“I wouldn't say ‘amazing.' I'm not sure where that's coming from,” they replied. “It's my first year really playing, and I'm just trying to do more and more to stay on the field and help the team. I mean, if you go back and watch the tape and see how well those guys are blocking it up, it's not surprising. Anybody could run through those gaps.
“I can't let it go to my head. I've got to show up at work every day and improve my craft.”
As a rookie sixth-round pick last year, Ripkowski played just 19 offensive snaps but shadowed Kuhn throughout their final season in Green Bay. The two remain close, talking throughout the season -- including last week, in advance of the Packers' winner-take-all showdown with the Lions. Kuhn still makes their offseason home in Green Bay, so the pair figure to reconnect once Kuhn comes back from the Big Easy.
“What I really love is, the Packers stayed true to themselves. They didn't frantically freak out when guys got hurt. They let Rip go in there and give it a shot, and he's done a heck of a job,” said Kuhn, who joined the Packers off waivers from Pittsburgh in 2007 and played 139 of a possible 144 regular-season games during nine seasons in Green Bay.
“Knowing the guy, preparing the guy, working with the guy last year, I knew they were going to do really well, but I don't know if anybody expected them to do this well. I mean, second season in the league? First year starting? And he's really kicking some butt out there.”
This 8-foot alligator was caught in a Bloomingdale, Fla., back yard after being repeatedly spotted wandering the neighborhood for about a month. Photo by the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office/Facebook
May 5 (UPI) -- An 8-foot alligator nicknamed the "Ghost Gator" for its ability to vanish has been captured after a month of stalking a Florida neighborhood.
Vincent and Angelika Tifer of Bloomingdale said the alligator turned up Thursday in their back yard, just outside the screened-in pool.
"All the sudden it started hissing at me and then it opened up its mouth and I went running," Vincent Tifer told WFTS-TV.
Deputies Caitlin LaVigne and Nathan Hall responded to the home with licensed trapper Robb Upthegrove to wrangle the reptile, nicknamed the "Ghost Gator" by neighbors who have spotted it during the past month only to have it vanish before authorities arrived.
"They'd been hunting for him. You know, they live in a 2 1/2-mile radius. They said they've been looking in this area because they haven't been able to find him," Tifer said.
Angelika Tifer captured video of Upthegrove and the deputies struggling with the alligator.
"You don't think it's going to happen in your back yard," they said.
The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office shared photos of the alligator's capture on Facebook.
When the United Church of Christ voted to divest from fossil fuels, the case was largely made on an ethical and moral basis. After all, presuming you accept the overwhelming consensus on anthropogenic climate change, then profiting from the continued production and consumption of fossil fuels is morally questionable at best.
But what does a coal or oil company care if one congregation or left-leaning college divests from its stocks? There will be plenty of profit-motivated professional investors looking to take their place.
Or will there?
From moral to economic arguments
Recently, the conversation around divestment seems to be shifting from a purely moral one, to one with to a decidedly hard-nosed economic undertone. Just as the broader societal conversation has shifted from does climate change exist to what and how much should we do about it, so too the question of fossil fuel divestment seems to be moving from whether we should consider it to how fast we can and should make it happen.
Investors have lost fortunes on low oil prices
Bruce Watson over at The Guardian poses an interesting and provocative question on this front, asking whether we have "reached the tipping point" when it comes to investing in renewable energy. After all, there can't be many big investors out there who haven't lost a fortune on the recent crash in oil and coal prices. (Watson points out that between 2014 and 2015, New York City's biggest pension fund alone lost $135m!) And while many may pin their hopes on an eventual recovery of those prices, that recovery may be significantly delayed by the fact that renewables are beginning to compete directly with fossil fuels and show no signs of letting up.
Renewables increasingly profitable
Meanwhile, says Watson, renewable energy investment funds are seeing returns of 5.5 percent and 7 percent. And utility-scale solar and wind installations are beginning to compete directly on price with their fossil fueled competition, in some cases without any subsidies at all. It's worth noting, too, that renewables provide a more predictable long-term cost structure (after a hefty initial investment, their running costs do not have to account for fuel expenditure). Given that the Paris climate agreement saw almost every nation on Earth sign up (on paper at least!) for a medium- to long-term shift to a low carbon economy, it would seem fair to say that some of the fundamentals that have made conventional energy such a "sure bet" among investors are beginning to look like they are shifting.
Recovery is harder once there's true competition
True, it's unlikely that fossil fuels will go down without a fight. We may see oil producing countries slowing down production in the hopes of pushing up prices, it's much harder for the OPECs of this world, for example, to institute an oil embargo at a time when the No. 1 luxury car burns literally zero drops of gasoline. Similarly, it's much harder for a utility to build new coal-fired power plants when many states are already approaching grid parity for residential solar. And while it's possible to temporarily make connecting solar to the grid more expensive, the rise of affordable home energy storage means that homeowners may soon opt out entirely if utilities seek to force their hand. In other words, every maneuver that powerful fossil fuel interests could once make to sure up their margins or increase their market share becomes that much harder because it inadvertently makes the case for their competitors.
In a world where even mainstream investors are beginning to talk about a carbon bubble, and where even BP admits that some existing oil reserves will have to remain in the ground, fossil fuel divestment is no longer a fringe concern or merely an activist tool. It's worth noting, of course, that not all fossil fuel investments are equally risky. And there may be a case to be made for a more rapid divestment from the dirtiest of fossil fuels — both Norway and the Church of England have recently divested from coal and tar sands operations, while maintaining an interest in other fuels like natural gas. Assuming that any political action will focus on the highest emissions first, the decision to partially divest has an economic as well as a moral angle too.
In the end, though, all of us are going to have to divest from fossil fuels to some degree. The question will just be how fast we'll do it, and whether we'll go all the way.
The case for fossil fuel divestment is economic, not just moral
In the long run, fossil fuel investments are an increasingly risky bet. And investors are beginning to take note.
Meanwhile, their oldest son was failing out of college and clashing with Conneally, making their doubt their own parenting skills.
In the middle of it all, Whitney began the process of transitioning to live as a man.
Conneally was happy for him—he had been deeply depressed and living a false life. But for Conneally, it meant yet another loss of identity. Long before they became a couple, Conneally and Whitney were just friends, and Conneally dated men. Gradually, Conneally fell in love with Whitney, and they constructed their lesbian identity around their relationship.
And Conneally got really into being a lesbian. They came out to all their friends. They sat on the Maryland Equality Board.
“It was this big, life-affirming thing,” they said. “It was an interesting way to be. I enjoyed it, I embraced it.”
When Whit—as they are now known—transitioned, it meant Conneally was no longer a lesbian. They were no longer “interesting,” in their words. They already felt they were failing at parenting and finance—and now they were failing at being gay?
“Happy 40th birthday,” they thought. They reached, as they always had in pressure-cooker moments, for them cigarettes.
This time, they figured they were never going to quit. They had tried everything from gum to hypnosis. They white-knuckled through a few cold-turkey attempts and scared themselves with how it made them scream at the kids.
But when they heard about Johnson's study, they thought, “why the hell not?” A Grateful Dead-head back in the day, they were no stranger to trippy experiences. At least it would be fun, they figured.
The first session was assuredly not. The music the researchers selected—a cacophony of drumming and nature sounds—was disturbing and annoying, they said.
“I started to panic and have anxiety thinking that I wasn't doing it right,” they said. They worried the trip wouldn't work, and as a study participant, they wouldn't be allowed to smoke when it was over.
Johnson said some people don't seem to enjoy their time on the drug. “Many times people say, ‘People do this for fun?! I don't get that at all.'” The guides tell them to “just go with it.”
Conneally sunk into a depression after the first trip. A few weeks later, they cried on their way to the second session.
But this time, something was different. The music was better; they felt freer. “My spirit soared,” they said. “I had this great vision of rising above and being a goddess.” They saw them worries like ants in the distance: Them abusive father; the air-conditioning unit where they would hide from their family and smoke. The participants in Johnson's study had weeks of talk therapy before they tripped. Now everything they had talked about with their counselors was coming together.
“I just am,” they thought, “and I just need to let go of this stuff that's unnecessary.”
🍄 🍄 🍄
A sense of mysticism seems central to the trip treatment. Bill Wilson, the co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, had used LSD and believed it might be a way for “cynical alcoholics” to find the elusive “higher power” that's key to their 12-step program. Eleven of Johnson's 12 study subjects rated the psilocybin trip among the five most spiritually significant experiences in their lives. Some considered it a crash-course in mindfulness, or years of therapy crammed into a single day.
Donald Trump spokesperson Elizabeth Emken, a former executive with the leading advocacy group Autism Speaks, was put in a difficult position Monday when asked about the frontrunner's earlier statements linking vaccines and autism.
Asked on CNN about Trump suggesting a scientific link exists between childhood vaccines and autism during a fall 2015 presidential debate, Emken sidestepped a direct rebuke of Trump's claims.
“The position of Autism Speaks has been for quite awhile that we need to find out what's happening,” they replied. “We know there's a genetic component and there's an environmental trigger and until we get to the bottom of what's happening, no one knows what causes autism. Anyone that tells you what does or what doesn't cause autism is simply not basing that on facts.”
“We don't know, we need to keep looking,” Emken continued, saying they hadn't discussed the issue with the GOP frontrunner. “But the bottom line is, look, vaccines are the most successful health program in the history of the world, so I don't believe that's at all what they were saying.”
As recently as September 2015, Trump regularly tweeted about vaccines and autism, attacking what they saw as a correlation between the “massive dose” in the combined mumps, measles and rubella vaccine and rates of autistic children.
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time & autism will drop! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 4, 2014
Emken joined Autism Speaks as a government relations staffer in 2007 and previously worked for Cure Autism Now.
While Autism Speaks definitively said vaccines do not cause autism in a March 2015 statement, the group previously funded research into the now widely-discredited claim. The stance caused a senior executive to resign their post in 2009.
Sheriff David Clarke's texts to one of their captains asked them to question and follow Dan Black out of the airport because Black had commented on Clarke's Dallas Cowboys gear
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT IT ENDED WITH CLARKEORDERING DEPUTIES TO QUESTIONBLACK AND FOLLOW HIM OUT OF THEAIRPORT.>> THIS IS OUR FIRST LOOK ATMILWAUKEE AIRPORT SURVEILLANCEVIDEO OF SHERIFF DAVID CLARKECOMING OFF A FLIGHT FROM DALLASIN JANUARY.NOTICE HE'S WEARING A DALLASCOWBOYS HAT.PASSENGER DAN BLACK COMMENTED TOTHE SHERIFF, AND THE SHERIFFCALLED FOR BACKUP.>> YOU AND COLOGNE HAVE TO MEETTHE SHERIFF WHEN They Come IN'CAUSE HE'S HAVING TROUBLE WITHA SUBJECT ON THE PLANE. >> SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWSBLACK BEING MET BY SHERIFF'SDEPUTIES AFTER THE SHERIFFLABELED HIM UNRULY.BLACK ALSO RECORDED VIDEO AFTERHE GOT OFF THE PLANE.BLACK SAID They DID NOTHING TO BECONSIDERED A THREAT AND ISSUING.HE THINKS THAT BECAUSE IASKED WHO IS They CAN EXERT THATKIND OF POWER OVER ME.THE SHERIFF'S TEXT MESSAGESTO ONE OF Their CAPTAINS THAT DAYHAVE BEEN OBTAINED AS PART OTHE LAWSUIT, "JUST A FIELDINTERVIEW, NO ARREST UNLESS HEBECOME AN EXPLETIVE WITH YOURGUYS, QUESTION FOR HIM IS WHY HESAID ANYTHING TO ME.WHY DIDN'T They JUST KEEP HISMOUTH SHUT?"THE SHERIFF TEXTED AGAIN ABOUTDAN BLACK FOLLOW HIM TO BAGGAGEAND OUT THE DOOR.YOU CAN ESCORT ME TO CAROUSELAFTER I POINT HIM OUT.BLACK HAD THIS TO SAY ABOUTSHERIFF CLARKE NOW BEINGCONSIDERED FOR A POST INHOMELAND SECURITY.>> I THINK HE'S UNFIT TO RUN THESHERIFF'S OFFICE.I THINK HE'S UNFIT TO BE IN THEFEDERAL GOVERNMENT.ABSOLUTELY.>> WE ARE BACK LIVE.SOURCES TOLD US AT LEAST ONE OFTHE DEPUTIES WHO WAS ORDERED TOCONFRONT BLACK DIDN'T BELIEVE HEWAS BEING DISRUPTIVE.IN OTHER WORDS, THERE WAS NOREASON FOR THE SHERIFF TO HAVEHIM CONFRONTED AND DETAINED.JOYCE: SO TERRY, HAS THE SHERIFFRESPONDED AT ALL?>> WE REACHED OUT FOR COMMENT, BUT HAVEN'T HEARD BACK.THE LAWSUIT IS MOVING FORWARD
Advertisement Airport video shows Sheriff Clarke, passenger leave plane after confrontation Sheriff David Clarke's texts to one of their captains asked them to question and follow Dan Black out of the airport because Black had commented on Clarke's Dallas Cowboys gear Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke instructed members of their staff to harass a citizen following a January confrontation aboard an American Airlines flight, video and text messages obtained by WISN 12 News show."Just a field interview, no arrest unless they become an**h*** with your guys," Clarke wrote Capt. Mark Witek. "Question for them is why they said anything to me. Why didn't they just keep their mouth shut?" A copy of Clarke's text messages were provided by the attorney of the citizen, Dan Black, who has sued the sheriff, claiming abuse of power. The confrontation aboard the flight from Dallas to Milwaukee started with an exchange about the sheriff's Dallas Cowboys gear and ended with Clarke ordering deputies to question Black and follow them out of the airport. "Follow them to baggage and out the door. You can escort me to carousel after I point them out," a text said. Surveillance video showed Black being met by sheriff's deputies after the sheriff labeled them unruly. "He thinks because I asked who they are, they can exert that kind of power over me," Black said. At least one of the deputies who was ordered to confront Black didn't believe they had been disruptive, sources told WISN 12 News. Following the incident, Clarke referred to Black a "snowflake" on social media. The lawsuit is moving forward but on Thursday the U.S. Attorney's Office decided they won't prosecute any civil rights offenses. Clarke announced last week that they were leaving the sheriff's department for a post with the Department of Homeland Security. Though federal officials have yet to confirm the hire, it doesn't sit well with Black. "I think he's unfit to run the Sheriff's Office. I think he's unfit to be in the federal government, absolutely," they said Thursday.
In Ukraine, a group of young men escape the trauma of war with good old American football.
On a turf pitch ringed by rainbow-colored poles and Soviet-style apartments, a man with ice blue eyes lines up, hand-painted helmet on their head. The quarterback hikes, and Dmitry Vukich runs, catches a pass, snaps it to the ground, and keeps running. Dima Sivenko, a 16-year-old who lied about their age and weight to join the team last year, sprints forward, drops a pass, and returns to the line. Maksim Karmazin lines up and their phone rings.
An Azov Dolphins practice is indistinguishable from any football practice in America—goofing off in the locker room, warmups and stretches, drills, sprints, scrimmaging—until the running back steps out mid-drill to sell meat to local stores over the phone.
In the port city of Mariupol, Ukraine, people are finally peeling the tape X's—the ones that keep glass from shattering under shock waves—from their windows. You almost can't tell that the front line of a military conflict is only seven miles away. Normalcy has fought its way back into the most polluted city in Ukraine, where children's futures are determined by one choice: the factories or the port.
Azov Dolphins players run around the stadium before the training session.
The Dolphins are an anomaly for many reasons. Formed in 2012 by a group of friends in a bleak neighborhood called the Pentagon, they lost both of their coaches to the war diaspora—one to Kiev, one to rebel-controlled Donetsk. Some of its players are active soldiers on the front line, some are high school students, some have had to flee the war. Dmitry, only 21 but with an imperial charisma, captains the team along with Andrey Kulivets, the defensive captain. They watch YouTube videos of football drills and do their best to mime them.
Not long ago, Mariupol was the site of revolution, of shelling and gunfire and blood and fire. It briefly fell to rebels in 2014 before its recapture by the Ukrainian military. In 2015, it was heavily shelled. The closest city to the rebel-held Donetsk People's Republic, it has seen thousands of its citizens displaced, and has taken in thousands of citizens displaced from the DPR.
The Dolphins play in the Ukrainian League of American Football, but two of their last three seasons were cut short by the war. A single away game costs each player $40, or one-third of the average monthly salary in Mariupol.
Mariupol is an ecological disaster. To play American football here—to be any kind of athlete—is to defy the dangerous levels of benzapiren, formaldehyde, and ammonia that seep from the factory smokestacks. It's also, according to the league's director, “three hours of American way of life.”
1: Players Dima (center) and Maksim have a short break during a training session. 2: Players shake hands as some of the players go home after the training session.
The tradition after practice is to walk a mile to the shawarma stand on Metalurhiv Avenue. By the time the players arrive, it's dark. Orange light beams from the stand.
Although the Dolphins just lost the last game of their season 26-12, they're confident that their fans are starting to understand the rules.
In the first year, the core of the team—Dmitry, Andrey, and a few others—had to guess at the rules themselves. “It was very harsh,” the team's quarterback says. “It was all blood. We didn't know how to play, so we would just kill each other.”
“A lot of people ask, ‘Why are the games free?'” Andrey says.
“We're trying to do something to distract from the war,” Dmitry finishes.
Andrey and a few others start trying to pinch one another's nipples and everyone laughs. Dmitry smiles, encased in the orange shawarma light.
What is beginning in the U.S. has been ongoing for years in Ukraine
Dima, the 16-year-old, lives in a four-room house in a neighborhood of corrugated fences and roofs, grape vines and rose bushes. There, they spend their time watching NFL games translated to Russian on the social network VKontakte.
Dima doesn't act like a normal 16-year-old. He's quiet, even with friends. Their hair is neat, their hands folded when they talk. Their body language is square and symmetrical. They rarely smile, unless you do. On the cusp of adulthood, their life has become one of constant consternation.
“This is not our war,” they say. “Brother fighting against brother is not war.”
Dima's closest friends were forced to flee town. One was identified on TV as a separatist and had to escape to Crimea. The friend urged Dima to follow, but they refused. “I'll go anywhere, but not to Russia,” Dima told him. “Better to go to America.”
“I really like history,” they say. “I found a source that says the U.S. owes Russia $12 trillion. So Americans started this war in Ukraine against Russia, so that the documents proving this will be burned. It says the Americans want to start a third world war to find these documents and burn them.”
Being in the epicenter of a reality-bending information war between Ukraine and Russia, Dima, like most in Mariupol, has no idea what to believe. Half the time, people don't even know who the combatants are. Some think the shelling from the rebels was actually the Russians, some the Americans. Some believe the Ukrainian army shelled itself in order to blame the rebels.
What is beginning in the U.S. has been ongoing for years in Ukraine. Disinformation has split a country into brutal civil strife.
American football, though, is an escape. Dima likes the Miami Dolphins, though they can't name the players. “They create miracles on the field,” they say. The only place they know they want to go besides Kiev is Miami, Florida. They wonder if football can someday take them there.
“When I play American football, I feel like I'm in America,” they say. “When I'm in practice, I imagine playing in the NFL on one of the great teams in one of the great stadiums with lights shining on me and people applauding me. I'm jumping to catch the ball. It's a great moment.”
Dima mentions that dolphins, by nature, aren't supposed to be in the Sea of Azov. They aren't well-suited to the pollution and the increasingly shallow depth, so when they slip through the Kerch Strait and find themselves in the Azov, they often get rescued and thrown back into the Black Sea.
Azov Dolphins player Dima Sivenko catches the ball during the Mariupol City Day event.
It's a warm night, and Dmitry has called a team meeting at a local café to plan a weekend event. As it breaks up, some of the core Dolphins lag behind.
Maksim the running back, Maksym the guard, and Dmitry hop into a car and peel out of the dark parking lot. Maksym stops at an intersection to let a massive tractor-trailer carrying a BMP tank pass, its lights flashing.
Away from the factories, Mariupol is quiet at night. They drive to a guard shack at a logistics plant at the end of a long, empty black road. Dmitry steps out. Andrey, a bull-faced defensive captain sporting a buzz cut, comes out of the guard shack. They stand under a lightbulb outside the shack, the only light for hundreds of yards.
It's a beautiful night but for the mosquitos. A bat flies in the dark across the crescent moon. Dmitry points at it. “They fly towards the light,” Andrey says. They watch the bat for a moment. This is where a decent Ukrainian would light a cigarette, but they don't. They stand awkwardly for a few moments together. Then they switch. Dmitry clocks in in the guard shack, and Andrey gets in the car. They drive off.
Oleg and Valera are waiting for them at the pool hall. This is the core of the team. They order a round of shots and play a version of Russian billiards called “The American.”
Valera spent most of their life dreaming of working at the chocolate factory where their mother worked, but it closed in 2012. They had to quit their job at the Ilyich steel factory because of their asthma. Maybe he'll learn English. Move to Norway.
Oleg still works at Ilyich, making about $80 a month. “Everything there is very Soviet. Nothing changes.”
When Mariupol began to be shelled in 2015, Oleg escaped to Vinnytsia in central Ukraine for three weeks. When they returned, the shelling was still going, but they saw people walking around like normal. “I only then realized that people could get used to anything.
“One evening, I came back from work, tired, and I started watching an action movie,” they say. “So there were lots of explosions. Eventually I started realizing the sounds of the movie were mixing with real sounds outside. At first I was thinking, ‘Wow, the sound in this movie is incredible.'”
“I don't really care what's going on around me, as long as it doesn't affect me,” says Maksim, playing pool.
“That's the problem,” Valera says. “Too many people in Donbas think that way.”
For Dima, loving Ukraine means hating Russia
In the eastern province called the Donbas, the Ukrainian history books are in Russian. No one speaks Ukrainian on this side of Ukraine. That's a big part of the identity confusion here. For Dima's parents, loving Ukraine meant loving Russia. For Dima, loving Ukraine means hating Russia.
Laskavo prosimo! proclaims the blue and yellow exterior of School 65, Dima's school. Welcome, in Ukrainian, in the national colors. Everything on the inside is in Russian.
In Dima's history classroom, there are at least four iterations of the Ukrainian flag on the walls and the Ukrainian constitution sits on a bookshelf. Dima, in a neat blue and yellow shirt, takes notes in a blue and yellow notebook with a blue and yellow pen.
Dima's teacher asks their students, in Russian, to name the four countries that occupied modern Ukraine at the start of World War II. Poland, Hungary, Romania.
“And what is the fourth country, the biggest in the world?”
“Russia,” someone responds.
“No, back then it was the USSR.” They tell them to look at a map on the wall.
“Show me a superpower after World War II. It's still a superpower.”
“Russia,” a boy blurts out.
They shake their head. “You've made a great compliment to Russia,” they respond. “It's the U.S.”
The view of Mariupol from Dmitry Vukich's new apartment.
At the grocery store, Dmitry leads their girlfriend, Katya, down the aisle, trailed by Andrey and Oleg. They buy clear plastic cups, green tea, bread, dish soap, mayo, hard candies, a gallon of water, sugar, and two cans of light beer. It's a special occasion.
Dmitry, at 21, is moving into their first apartment tonight with Katya. Yesterday, Andrey and Oleg had heaved their furniture nine stories up the bloc-style complex in the Pentagon. The flat's concrete walls, which once belonged to Dmitry's grandmother, are covered in peeled scraps of yellow-white wallpaper. The only décor so far is a wardrobe, a green velvet couch, a couple of chairs, and a green coffee table around which they all sit. Dmitry puts out a cup of beer nuts and pours the two beers into four plastic cups to share.
The window across the room looks out to the Voztoychnya district, which was heavily shelled. You can see the rebel-held territory among the windmills to the northeast. Dmitry used to watch missiles fall like rain from the roof of the gas station where they once worked.
“Let's drink for the babayka not to be present here,” Andrey says.
Team founders Dmitry Vukich (left), their girlfriend Katya (second left) Andrey (center) and Oleg (right) gather and Dima's new apartment in Mariupol.
In the living room, the Dolphins try to list the films and shows that inspired them. Remember the Titans. Rudy. The Longest Yard. Blue Mountain State. Friday Night Lights. Concussion.
Dmitry gets up to bring coffee and tea. They come back with a gift bag, sits down, and stops the room. They hold it out to me. “Take one,” they say. I reach in and pull out a sugar packet.
“Yuzhne,” they say. They shake the bag. “Another.” The bag is full of sugar packets. I pull another out, and the room fills with cheers. It's a blue packet, from Oleg's legendary vacation to Dubai. I realize these packets are collected from all the places the team has been on away games, and they've memorized each sugar packet.
Another. “Oooh”—Kiev. Another. A disappointed “aww”—Mariupol. Another. Kiev. Dubai. Pavlograd. Mykolaiv. L'vov. Vinnytsia. Kharkov. Yuzhne.
It's a neo-imperialist's wet dream
Dmitry has prepared a booth on Prospekt Lenina, one of Mariupol's main streets, for the Day of the City, a celebration of local athletics. It's the first major community event since the war started. Amid flower vendors, rowing and boating clubs, sausage stands and bakers-on-wheels, taekwondo and floor routines, ping-pong tables, basketball hoops, and soccer goals, they have planted the flag with the Azov Dolphins logo on it, ripped from the AFL's logo online. Crowds of people mill through the upbeat morning festival.
The Dolphins are recruiting. They need players, a coach, and community support. Their league is applying for a sponsorship from the U.S. Embassy to hire a coach—any coach—from abroad, which they're desperate for, but they have no idea how or where to find one. Dmitry worked night on a guard shift, so they haven't slept much. He's laid out a tablecloth, two American footballs, a jersey, and medals from two different tournaments arranged to look like seven medals. A handful of Dolphins players arrive in full pads and uniform. Dmitry huddles them up and assigns roles. The players form a circle and start throwing the ball around.
Two 10-year-olds in taekwondo doboks walk by.
“Look how well that ball flies.”
“I know.”
“Look at their shoulders. Do you think they're fake?”
“No, they just work out.”
Players pose for a picture with a child holding a football.
It's a neo-imperialist's wet dream. Mothers with strollers stop and stare. Men take pictures. The Dolphins in pads start slamming into each other, one by one. The handball players stop playing to gape.
Dmitry, with the air of an entrepreneur, hands out printed sheets of paper to anyone that will take them. “These are the rules to our game.” They say our. Not the. It implies the sense of bandaged identity underlining the jokes, the swear jars, the nipple twists, and the cathartic joy of slamming pads against pads.
“We need people to try on the helmet and pads,” Dmitry says. “Go over there and ask if they want to feel American football.” They snap a picture of a beautiful girl posing with the team. “Dima, look tough,” they say. Dima raises their arms awkwardly. “No, cross them.” Dima crosses them.
The team's quarterback strides over. He's overheard something Dmitry needs to hear: a passerby glancing over, saying to their wife, “Look, there's our American football players.”
