“No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That's the only way to keep the roads clear” ~Greg Kincaid
How is it that some people can breeze through physical and emotional pain, whereas others wince at the mere thought of it?
Is it their genes? Their individual circumstances? Their support network?
Or is it a certain strength of character, something each and every one of us can develop with the right tools and training?
Two years ago I found myself needing to answer these questions.
I was sitting in a cafe in East London wiping the tears from my cheeks with a napkin. To my boss who'd just informed me they no longer needed me, it would've looked a little overdramatic. But at least an hour had passed since she'd left.
It was uncertain whether or not I'd be paid the previous month's wages. I needed it to cover last month's rent, to buy food for the following weeks, and now to call my mom. I'd moved to London only a month prior, giving up a good job and a bright future in a good company to work on a new, small but promising community project.
Despite the words of warning and concern from my family, I believed this was going to be the start of something great. Those tears were not for losing the position or even a month's worth of hard work, but for the excruciating feeling of having to admit I was wrong and call my parents to take me in.
I was a mess. I felt like a failure to myself, and to all those who'd been looking out for me.
Today when I think about that unfortunate time, I realize I wouldn't be where I am now without it. I learned an early, and somewhat easy, lesson in resilience.
Resilience: ”An individual's ability to properly adapt to stress and adversity.”
Resilience is not something you either have or don't have. It's a set of behaviors, thoughts, and actions that can be learned and developed by anyone. And the great thing is, you don't need to lose your job, money, or pride to cultivate it.
There are three keystone habits to master in order to become a temple of strength and resilience in times of adversity. I've spent the past several years practicing them, and they've completely transformed my life, so naturally, I now want to share them with you.
Some of the tips may appear simple, but they take a concerted effort to put into practice and master. Start little by little today and they'll soon become a part of your body's natural stress response.
Focus on Finding the Good
To be resilient you need to be able to find reasons to be optimistic—some way your circumstances may actually be beneficial to you in the long run. It's nearly impossible to bounce back when you're focusing on how horrible a situation is. It's much easier when you can find blessings in disguise within difficult times, or identify lessons that can help you to go forward.
But this doesn't mean you don't experience difficulty or distress. In fact, those who are highly resilient have a much more diverse repertoire of emotions than those who are not. They feel pain, mourn losses, and endure frustrations, but they understand that pain is temporary, and they focus on identifying the positive in the negative and opportunities in challenges.
If we don't learn to look for the positive, we quickly become victims to the negativity bias—which means that even when the positive and negatives of a situation are of equal intensity, the unpleasant and traumatic thoughts and emotions affect us most. This is toxic, because as soon as we start to complain, we become victims. If we smile and refuse to get caught up in negative interpretations of events, we are simply experiencers.
It took me a while to see what good could come of being left in East London with no money, job, or clue as to what I was going to do next. It was only several months later when my life took an unexpected turn for the better that I would start to question the whole idea of positive and negative experiences, and see that each bring their own unique possibilities.
That's often how it happens; at first, it seems there's only one way to interpret adversity. In retrospect, though, we often find that a chain of seemingly negative events put us directly on the path to something worthwhile. Resilient people remember this when everything seems bleak.
Question Your Thoughts and Feelings
One major difference in those who are resilient and those who are not is self-awareness—the ability to identify their emotions and question the thoughts that preceded them. .
We know highly resilient people still experience reactive emotions from adversity like fear and worry, but they approach them in an active manner, identifying the thoughts that led to these emotions, challenging them, and quickly adapting. This is how they're able to bounce back and summon confidence at will.
The best way to avoid getting caught up in emotional reactions is to practice meditation in small bouts every day.
Traditional meditation is great, but come 3pm when you're tired and hungry and in the middle of a heated debate with a colleague, it's easy to forget the twenty minutes of calm and tranquil bliss you experienced that morning. Incorporating small bouts of meditation into your day allows you to regularly regulate your emotional state.
Today, I don't actively seek out difficult conversations or sticky situations, but when they do appear on my radar, I'm fully prepared and equipped to handle them. Of course, this is easier said than done, and recently this belief was challenged when a call from a family member completely knocked me off my trajectory.
I hadn't seen my grandma for years, not because I didn't care but because I got busy with life, and I unwittingly convinced myself that they wouldn't get sick again. So when it happened, it hit me hard.
The subsequent feelings of depression and woe that consumed me at first felt inevitable, but before I knew it I was focusing on my breath, questioning my thoughts, and reframing the situation in a positive light.
At first, the situation seemed to have no upsides. Then I realized this was a reminder that life is short and I need to be in touch with my grandmother more regularly. This same reminder also rekindled their appreciation for life. Pain wasn't the only thing that could come from this situation, but growth, opportunity, and greater meaning.
Run Toward the Pain
As human beings we naturally seek refuge in comfort.
Our minds and bodies are content following familiar patterns and routines, conserving energy and hiding from the scary unknown.
Unfortunately, that means we become dependent on external aids like smartphones to do difficult tasks and any strenuous thinking for us. This discomfort-avoiding behavior rubs off onto other areas of our lives: one minute you're avoiding the pain of being alone by scrolling through Facebook, the next you may be avoiding your feelings after losing someone close to you, inhibiting your ability to move forward.
Resilient people accept painful situations and face them head on, trusting that they can get through them.
Rethink the little moments of discomfort and anxiety in your day as signposts to resilience and optimal health, from setting limitations on checking your phone, to having that awkward conversation with a loved one.
Whenever I catch myself feeling even an ounce of discomfort, I stop and think, “What is the next course of action that will make me feel most satisfied: avoidance, or plowing straight ahead?”
—
The same characteristics that make us resilient are the same traits that allow us to live stronger and more enriched lives. So look on the bright side, challenge your reactive thoughts and emotions, and learn to lean into discomfort. Then even if life gets you down, it won't be able to keep you there.
About Joseph Pennington is a freelance writer, Master's student of Mindfulness, and the creator of the mindfulness voice app, Bebot: The Three Minute Breathing Space. Find out more about the breathing space and hear directly from Bebot, your mindful robot friend, by subscribing to their newsletter.
President Barack Obama's campaign spokesperson Jen Psaki was aware Treasury Department officials crafted the press releases and public messaging for General Motors during the 2009 auto industry bailout, documents obtained by The Daily Caller show.
Psaki was a White House deputy press secretary at the time. They and fellow White House staffers Brian Deese and Amy Brundage show up on the emails in which the Treasury Department was rewriting press releases for GM.
TheDC obtained these internal Treasury Department documents in 2011 but an agreement with the source prevented their publication until now. The inclusion of Psaki, Deese and Brundage in these communications is reported here for the first time. (RELATED: Private emails detail Obama admin involvement in cutting non-union worker pensions post-GM bailout)
Psaki has since returned to Obama's political campaign as their traveling press secretary.
Obama campaign spokespersons haven't responded to TheDC's requests for comment. But in an interview with CBS News during their White House tenure, Psaki acknowledged that “anything we say can reflect on the president.”
In one email message obtained by TheDC, the Treasury Department's Jenni Engebretsen wrote to General Motors officials on Friday, May 29, 2009. Engebretsen was reacting to a draft of a press release they received from GM, about the company ceasing operations at several factories.
“We would ask that you move the reference to Treasury down to the third paragraph, taking it out of the lede,'” they wrote. “Please let us know if this presents any issues.”
“Lede” is a slang term for the opening paragraph of a news story or press release. Asking GM to remove the Treasury Department from the lede was a request to downplay its significance, and a sign that the Obama administration sought to minimize the public perception of its role in the GM bailout.
GM's director of policy and Washington communications director Greg Martin replied to Engebretsen: “No problems. Done.”
Engebretsen then asked: “If there is an updated version at some point over the weekend we'd appreciate a final copy. Many thanks.”
Despite the Treasury Department's desire to de-emphasize its role in bailing out GM, Obama is now citing it as a positive campaign issue and a success story for their administration.
Even so, the White House has refused to comply with congressional document requests related to the auto bailout — specifically those regarding the Delphi pension scandal.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Rep. Dave Camp has asked Obama to “either claim executive privilege and be prepared to defend it for each and every document or turn over the documents without further delay.” (RELATED: Congressional leaders to Obama on Delphi scandal: Turn over documents or claim executive privilege)
While White House spokesperson Eric Schultz hasn't answered when asked if the president plans to assert executive privilege over the documents, White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler suggested in an Oct. 12 letter to Camp that Obma could indeed invoke that presidential trump card as a way to sidestep congressional document requests.
“Your request for all EOP [Executive Office of the President] communications implicates longstanding and significant executive branch confidentiality interests,” Ruemmler wrote, “an encroachment upon [sic] which is unnecessary at this time.”
Follow Matthew on Twitter
Delphi/Psaki/GM Press Release Documents
“We have nobody going to bat for us, and here comes this woman with their six children and they say, ‘O.K., I'm in your corner and we're going to fight this,'” said Mr. Bauer, a biochemist injured in a 2002 suicide-bombing in Jerusalem along with their son, Yehonatan, who was then 7. “It did not make Yehonatan walk straighter and it did not make my arm work better, but it did give us hope for justice.”
Ms. Darshan-Leitner, the daughter of a retired dressmaker and teacher who were born in Iran, found their calling while studying law at Bar Ilan University (she also has an M.B.A. from the University of Manchester in England). Fellow students chose them to argue their petition in the Israeli Supreme Court aiming to block the mastermind of the 1985 hijacking of the Achille Lauro cruise ship from entering the country. They lost.
“I understood that I can come on behalf of terror victims, give them a voice, and get my day in a court,” they recalled. “It doesn't matter what the decision is.”
Them organization, Shurat HaDin, Hebrew for letter of the law, was founded in 2003, and in 2012, the latest year financial reports were available publicly, had 11 employees, three with salaries topping $100,000. It retains not one but two public relations firms, in Israel and New York, pitching Ms. Darshan-Leitner's perspective on the news. They said the annual budget was $2.5 million, but declined to name their donors, citing security concerns.
The group requires a $600 to $5,000 donation for participants in its mission to Israel, featuring briefings by intelligence agents and observations of military court trials. This summer, it is offering an activist lawyer's training seminar, with an agenda that includes combating boycotts of Israeli products and defending Israeli soldiers against charges of war crimes.
They claim to have collected $150 million from the various court victories but would not specify which clients got what, citing security again. And they asked that the West Bank settlement where they and their American-born husband, also a lawyer, built a large, immaculate home, not be named, for fear of reprisal.
The successes Shurat HaDin lists on its website, all argued by other firms in American courts, include a $378 million default judgment against North Korea for the 1972 killing of Christian pilgrims at Ben-Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv by members of the Japanese Red Army; $338 million against Syria for a 1991 kidnapping of archaeologists in Turkey; $156 million against Islamic charities; and $70 million from Iran. The Palestinian Authority, the site says, “quietly” paid at least two confidential settlements. Still pending is a huge case against the Bank of China in which Israel has been fighting to keep Israeli officials having from testifying.
Okay, I am a techie. I like to use things not as directed. I specifically buy micro sized usb drives for os drives. I have the original sandisk cruzer fit (not the ultra) and it is absolute garbage. It is the slowest flash drive ever to exist. I am not joking. So I went reshopping. I decided I wanted a usb 3.0 since usb 2.0 drives are going slower and slower. Seriously 3 mb/s is ridiculous even for usb 2. So I bought the cruzer ultra fit 32 and 64gb (but assume it works the same for the 128 version). This is what I wanted! Fast fast 130mb/s transfers. Yes it does get slightly hot, but not bad. Let me explain this misconception further... I use this as my Windows os drive. Yes you read that right! I do not use hdd's or ssd's in my modern computers in case of theft/malicious code drive isolation. Now a usb 2 port on your computer this would be slow. But with a usb 3.0 port, you can run windows as fast as an ssd (not exactly, but still faster boot and os use than a mechanical hdd. I am going to pick up a another cruzer ultra fit, the 128 this week. I have the 32gb which i run androidx86 with, the 64gb is my windows drive, and the 128 will be my linux drive. I fully recommend this product. Sandisk redeemed itself even though I am still questioning whether the cruzer fit original usb 2.0s were dumbed down to "influence" people to buy the 3.0 drives. Planned obsolescence? Anyway, I recommend this drive if you want something that fits close to flush so it doesnt break off, and the fact you can run operating systems at speed is exactly what I wanted! 5 stars.
Read more
Share selection to:
Every summer we face the same crucial question when the BBQ is ready: how to get the right amount of tomato sauce onto the meat, without covering your hands and shirt in a red, sticky mess?
When Henry J. Heinz started selling ketchup in bottles in 1876, they chose glass to show their product was pure and uncontaminated. However, Heinz created an unintended consequence – how to get a sticky, gluey sauce out of the small opening of the bottle?
The first thing to appreciate about tomato sauce is that it actually doesn't want to move onto your steak, says Dr Anthony Stickland, from the University of Melbourne.
“If you tilt a bottle of water, the water flows out because it is a liquid. But tomato sauce prefers to be in the bottle because it is technically a solid, not a liquid,” says Dr Stickland, from the School of Engineering.
Like toothpaste and paint, tomato sauce is a ‘soft solid' or ‘yield stress fluid' that only moves when the right amount of force is applied. The sauce is actually a suspension of pulverised tomato solids in a liquid. The solids are touching each other to create a continuous network, which gives the sauce a physical strength that resists motion. You need to overcome this strength in order to get it to flow.
Heinz scientists have figured out that the optimal flow of ketchup is at 0.045 km per hour. You need to apply the right amount of force to get it to flow at this speed, which is why the tap or whack on the sauce bottle is actually necessary.
But it's what's happening inside the sauce that is most fascinating to Dr Stickland and other scientists in the field of rheology. Rheology is the study of these soft solids or yield stress fluids that include many common condiments, as well as paint and industrial applications like sewage treatment and mining.
Foods often have exotic and complicated rheology in order to get the right texture, for example mayonnaise and chocolate. Concentrated suspensions do not obey Sir Isaac Newton's Law of viscosity, published as part of Newton's 1687 Laws of Motion, in their Principia Mathematica Philosophiae Naturalis.
The Law of viscosity states that a fluid flows at a speed proportional to the force that is applied, where the constant of proportionality is the viscosity. Because tomato sauce does not obey this Law, it is known as a non-Newtonian fluid.
Sausage, sauce and bread – the staple fare at a summer BBQ. Picture: Bernard Spragg/Flickr
Suspension viscosity is infinite at low forces, but once it yields to a force and starts to flow, the viscosity decreases the faster it flows. This is called ‘shear thinning'. At very high velocities, the suspension viscosity can be similar to water.
“Suspension rheology explains all the phenomena seen in tomato sauce bottles and provides the answers to the perennial sauce question, which can be tackled in three main steps,” says Dr Stickland.
So what are these three key steps in the tomato sauce conundrum? Dr Stickland breaks them down:
1. Shake (with lid on!)
“Always start by giving the sauce a good shake,” says Dr Stickland. “You need to overcome the yield stress to mix it, so it needs a decent oomph – briefly invoke your inner paint shaker. Remember to keep the lid on, of course.”
There is a chance the solid particles in the sauce may have segregated or settled, leaving watery sauce at the top, or some sauce in the neck of the bottle may have dried out and created a plug. In either case, you need the shake to spread these solid particles in the sauce evenly, known as re-homogenisation.
2. Turn the bottle upside down
The next trick is to get the sauce to the opening of bottle.
“If there's not much left in the bottle, you may need a strong whack to dislodge tomato sauce from the bottom. Turn the bottle upside down (still with the lid on) and thrust downward at high speeds, accelerating both the ketchup and the bottle. Swiftly stopping the bottle should slump the sauce into the neck.”
3. The Tilt and Pour
“Now you're ready to pour some sauce. There needs to be some force to overcome the yield stress, but not too much – the last thing you want is sauce running down your hand or, in the paint analogy, paint running down the walls before it dries,” says Dr Stickland.
“The amount of force depends on how much is left in the bottle. A full bottle will have the weight of the sauce pushing down whenever the bottle is tilted, whereas a nearly empty bottle will need some help.
“With the bottle upright, remove the lid and start to tilt the bottle, aiming at the desired location. Increase the angle until sauce begins to flow. If it does not flow once the bottle is almost upside down, there is not enough weight of sauce left to induce flow.
“This is where some sort of encouragement, like tapping, slapping or whacking, is required. But remember this sauce is shear thinning, so it flows more easily the greater the ‘encouragement'. This explains why sauce explosions can happen. The trick is to get the sauce flowing, but not too fast.
“You need to find the ‘sweet spot' of force needed to move it towards your burger. Start by pointing the open end of the bottle toward your food at an angle of around 45 degrees with one hand around the bottle neck, and the other delivering gentle but firm taps on the bottom of the bottle. Increase the force of the taps until you balance the force applied with the mechanical strength of the sauce in order to get it to flow.”
It took 107 years for Heinz to overcome the sauce bottle problem. By understanding sauce rheology, engineers designed the flexible squeeze bottle, which was introduced for ketchup in 1983. The force to push the sauce out can now be applied by squeezing the container.
However, the glass bottle is still preferred in restaurants and cafes, especially by hipsters and other lovers of all things retro, so it will always have a place on our plates.
And now, with a bit of science, the tomato sauce can be tamed.
Banner Image: Shutterstock
Clements insists they did ‘nothing wrong' after allegations from Labor staffer Stefanie Jones prompted calls from senior party figures for their resignation
The Labor figure Jamie Clements has quit as the New South Wales general secretary after facing mounting pressure over harassment allegations, while insisting they had “done nothing wrong”.
The federal Labor leader, Bill Shorten, the acting state opposition leader, Linda Burney, and the former NSW premier Kristina Keneally were among party figures seeking Clements's resignation from their key position in the organisational wing.
Linda Burney joins Labor calls for Jamie Clements to resign as NSW general secretary Read more
Clements was signalling as late as Thursday morning that they did not intend to quit, but the pressure grew over the course of the day. In a statement issued late on Thursday, Clements confirmed they had resigned their duties as of 5pm.
“While I have done nothing wrong, I have made this decision in the best interests of the party and my family,” they said.
Stefanie Jones, 27, a Labor staffer, alleged Clements intimidated them and tried to kiss them in an office in Parliament House in June last year. Clements denied the allegations.
Jones applied for an apprehended violence order against them but dropped it on Wednesday when they agreed to stay away from them for the next 12 months and have their parliamentary pass revoked so they could not go into the building unaccompanied.
In an interview in Sydney's Daily Telegraph published on Thursday, Jones said the alleged harassment took place after they told Clements they were going to reveal their 2013 one-night stand to their fiance, the Labor organiser David Latham.
They also described their treatment by the party over the matter as “disgusting” and “soul-destroying”.
Clements used their resignation statement to reject the claims and appeared to criticise Jones for speaking to the media.
“The version of events reported in media outlets today is completely false,” they said.
“I agreed to undertakings in order to spare the party, my family and all those involved, a difficult and traumatic legal process. Those undertakings were made on a strictly no-admissions basis.
“Throughout this process I have maintained a dignified silence. I am disappointed that others chose not to – instead using the media to pursue their agenda.
“But no individual is bigger than the party – which I have served for 18 years – and I do not want the party to be distracted from its focus of winning the 2016 election.
“I want to thank those within the party, and beyond, who have maintained their support for me and the principles of natural justice. And, in particular, I would like to thank my family.”
The terms of Clements's resignation are unclear. Guardian Australia has asked Clements whether any payout had been offered or agreed, but they are yet to respond.
Keneally, a Guardian Australia columnist, said the allegations had made Clements's position untenable and they should be replaced by the assistant general secretary, Kaila Murnain.
Shorten stopped short of publicly demanding Clements's resignation on Thursday morning but said they had demanded an urgent report from the state party and had “zero tolerance for workplace harassment”.
The pressure on Clements intensified on Thursday afternoon when Burney said they should resign for the good of the party. The NSW deputy Labor leader said they had made the call with the support of the state leader, Luke Foley, who is on leave.
Vas asks the question, how come the following doesn't satisfy the guardedness condition?
Set Implicit Arguments. CoInductive LList (A:Set) : Set := | LNil : LList A | LCons : A -> LList A -> LList A. Implicit Arguments LNil [A]. CoFixpoint append (A:Set) (l1 l2 : LList A) : LList A := match l1 with | LNil => l2 | LCons x xs => LCons x (append xs l2) end. CoFixpoint cycle (A:Set) (input : LList A) : LList A := match input with | LNil => LNil | LCons x xs => LCons x (append xs (cycle input)) (* "unguarded recursive call" *) end.
The problems with this is that Coq is concerned that append will do something nasty like consume some constructors. If it did then cycle would not be productive.
The first solution I came up with was to inline append and simplify. That worked, but I didn't understand why Coq wasn't doing that in the original code. Coq will do reduction when checking the guardedness condition. The problem was that my simplifications was neither β nor ι reduction. I was substituting parametric parameters into the definition of append . If we make the parametric parameters actual function parameters, then Coq will be able to do this substitution by β reduction. One small problem is that A and l2 are the parametric parameters, and we will need to reorder the parameters so that all the parametric ones come first. However, a little notation will allow us to write the parameters in a natural order.
Set Implicit Arguments. CoInductive LList (A:Set) : Set := | LNil : LList A | LCons : A -> LList A -> LList A. Implicit Arguments LNil [A]. Section Append. Variable A:Set. Variable l2:LList A. CoFixpoint append0 l1 : LList A := match l1 with | LNil => l2 | LCons x xs => LCons x (append0 xs) end. End Append. Notation "'append' l1 l2" := (append0 l2 l1) (at level 0, l1 at level 0, l2 at level 0). CoFixpoint cycle (A:Set) (input : LList A) : LList A := match input with | LNil => LNil | LCons x xs => LCons x (append xs (cycle input)) end.
I'm not an expert on parsing levels, but setting everything to level 0 seems to work in the few cases I've tried. Defining an infix notation is probably more reasonable for append anyways.
The manuscript was passed on to the National Churchill Museum in Fulton, Mo., the site of Churchill's famed 1946 Iron Curtain speech, in the 1980s by Wendy Reves, the wife of Churchill's publisher, Emery Reves. It had been overlooked for years until Timothy Riley, who became the museum's director last year, stumbled upon it recently. Soon after news of the discovery, two other copies were found in a separate archive in Britain.
Although the article was sent to Mr. Reves in 1939, it was not published. Churchill had revised it a number of times in the 1950s.
In their article, Churchill wrote: “I am not sufficiently conceited to think that my sun is the only one with a family of planets.”
“I, for one, am not so immensely impressed by the success we are making of our civilization here that I am prepared to think we are the only spot in this immense universe which contains living, thinking creatures,” they wrote, “or that we are the highest type of mental and physical development which has ever appeared in the vast compass of space and time.”
Largely self-educated in the sciences, Churchill had boundless curiosity for practically anything, an attitude they once described as “picking up a few things as I went along.”
They wrote about 30 million words in their lifetime, including wartime speeches, an African travelogue, a book on oil painting, a lengthy memoir, and even an essay on an imagined invasion of Russia when they were just 15. For their body of work, they won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953.
Welding an active imagination with scientific thought, Churchill produced a few madcap ideas — which they called “funnies” — that they actually championed while they were prime minister, as a means to defeat Nazi Germany.
There were some all-new items. A bunch of small companies introduced e-book readers, in hopes of snagging some of that Kindle/Nook/Sony Reader action. A bunch of computer companies announced plans to make touch-screen Windows slab computers, so that they'll be ready when Apple releases its own much-rumored touch-screen slate. Nobody seems to remember that Microsoft tried to push this concept, then called the Tablet PC, a few years ago, and it pretty much flopped.
Photo
The biggest news of all, though, was the explosion of interest in 3-D television. Interest by the companies making them, that is. Whether normal people have any interest is a big question.
At C.E.S., if you stood in line long enough, you could watch prototype 3-D TV screens at the Sony , Samsung, Toshiba, LG and Panasonic booths. (“Booth” may not be quite the word for the enormous, million-dollar, half-a-football-field miniworlds built by corporate giants within the Las Vegas Convention Center.)
If you've ever seen a movie in 3-D — “Avatar,” “Up,” “Polar Express” and so on — then you've already seen the effect. You wear plastic glasses, and you get a sensation of depth in the movie image. Sometimes the filmmaker pulls cheesy stunts like having a character shove a pole “out of the screen,” nearly into your face; at other times, as in “Avatar,” the 3-D effect lends a subtler depth and realism to a scene.
At C.E.S., the screens were big, the images were high-def, the sound systems were state of the art, and the video samples were vivid and punchy. They made 3-D TV seem fantastic. You almost couldn't wait to buy one when they come out this summer.
But once the retractable leash pulled your C.E.S. demo glasses back onto their pedestal for the next customer, you'd be forgiven for having a few doubts.
First of all, those glasses. E-w-w-w. Do we really want to have to put on glasses every time we sit down for some TV? Don't we lose something when we look around the room to exchange glances, and we can't see anyone's eyes? Do we really want to nuzzle up to our fiancées and spouses with those things on?
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
You'll get one or two pairs of glasses with each set. Additional glasses will cost $75 or more. So if you invite 12 buddies over for a Super Bowl party to inaugurate your expensive new 3-D set, you'll have to lay out $750 just so everyone can watch the game. Better hope nobody fails to show.
Photo
(And no, you can't ask your friends to bring their own glasses. The TV manufacturers haven't agreed on a standard, so one company's glasses may not work with another company's TV. Argh.)
The glasses included with these modern sets are a far cry from the old cardboard movie glasses. Today's glasses use something called active-shutter technology, in which the lenses turn black and then clear again, really fast, in sync with the TV picture's alternating left eye/right eye images.
But active-shutter glasses are battery powered. Can't you just see it? You settle down to watch the big season finale, and you hear, from the kitchen: “Oh, honey, I'm so sorry — I forgot to recharge the TV glasses last night!”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Nor is 3-D a blessing to everything you would watch on TV. It primarily benefits sports, concerts, video games, and, of course, all those animated 3-D movies that, until now, required a trip to the movie theater.
(It's sort of amazing that Hollywood is just standing by, watching the TV industry plot to suck their moviegoing public right back out of the theaters. Wasn't the whole idea behind the recent 3-D movie craze to get people away from their home theaters and back into the multiplex?)
On the other hand, it would be hard to imagine your wanting to put on those glasses for news, talk shows, game shows, sitcoms, cooking shows, interior design shows and PBS pledge drives.
Which brings up another concern: What are you going to watch?
If your answer is movies, then you'll have to buy not just a new TV, but also a new 3-D Blu-ray player. And, of course, you'll have to buy your movies all over again, or at least the 3-D ones.
Photo
If your answer is, “I'll watch 3-D TV broadcasts,” well, you'll do a lot of waiting. Several 3-D channels have been announced (by ESPN , DirecTV and a joint venture of Sony, Imax and Discovery). But count on a lot of repeats, at least at the outset; 3-D shows don't really exist yet, and filming them requires expensive, heavy, dual-lens TV cameras.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
None of these broadcasts will be in high definition, by the way. A 3-D broadcast requires a lot more data than a regular HDTV channel; it won't fit in the same bandwidth unless you sacrifice some picture information. As a result, 3-D cable, satellite and Web broadcasts will offer only half the resolution (clarity) of HDTV. Only Blu-ray players will produce full, hi-def 3-D images.
Finally — and this is the big one — didn't we just go through this? Didn't the TV makers and broadcasters just finish dragging the populace through a confusing, expensive transition from our old TV system into the new, flat-panel, high-definition age? Didn't we just buy flat-panel digital TV sets and Blu-ray players and Blu-ray movies, believing that we'd be set for the next decade at least?
And now we find out we've got to start all over again — buy a new TV, a new Blu-ray player, new movie discs — to accommodate this new format?
I think there's something called Upgrade Fatigue, my friends, and I think the TV industry is about to face-plant right into it.
Now, 3-D boosters point out that these screens also work beautifully as regular sets for everything we already watch on TV. So it's not that you'll be left with nothing to watch if 3-D turns out to be a bust. They encourage us to think of 3-D TVs as regular hi-def sets with a little extra option. Indeed, some sets will be sold as “3-D ready,” meaning that you can add the glasses and transmitter later.
Just keep in mind that the next generation of TV technology was also on display at C.E.S.: 3-D sets that don't require any glasses at all. Right now, they offer low resolution, limited viewing positions and headache -inducing images. But they'll get better. And in a few more years, they'll be ready.
That, no doubt, will be just after we've all junked our five-year-old HDTV sets, and bought the active-shutter 3-D screens that were on display at this year's C.E.S.
At issue: Clinton's vote in support of a recent Senate amendment. And this time Edwards' criticism stirred some clear anti-Clinton sentiment.
The amendment–sponsored by Sens. Joe Lieberman, I-Connecticut, and Jon Kyl, R-Arizona–calls for labeling the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. The former North Carolina senator first commended senators Joe Biden, D-Delaware, and Chris Dodd, D-Connecticut, for voting against it, but they then added, "Sen. Clinton voted 'yes.'"
That statement was followed by an immediate round of booing.
Edwards claims the amendment would "pave the way for Bush to continue to march forward on Iran."
"I didn't understand it," Edwards said. "And then I saw a story in the New York Times [that] quoted some of their supporters explaining why they did it, and the explanation was–I want to get this right–that they were moving from primary mode to general election mode."
A New York Times article from October 14 claimed Clinton's backers have said privately that they are now switching to general election mode, which would imply she's running as the presumptive nominee. That prompted one supporter to shout, "Like hell!"
It seems like people in Iowa, like the people I saw this weekend at the War protest, are not comfortable with someone who is going to vote for more war. And whether it was Senator Clinton's intention to embolden Bush to push for more aggressive actions towards Iran or not, DOES NOT MATTER. What matters is that they are voting with the neo cons for pro war bills when they should be joining Dodd on the FISA fillibuster, or HOW ABOUT INTRODUCING BILLS TO END THE WAR? It doesn't matter if they will get the 60 votes or not, it will at least get the focus off of Bills to censure Pete Stark and Move On and away from Bills like Lieberman Kyl.
At a political meeting, this week I had a former Republican who still in touch with their old friends tell me that one of their associates had been approached about BEING SELECTED FOR THE NEW DRAFT BOARD.
At the war protests, I actually had Ron Paul activists tell me that Ron Paul is the true anti-war candidate, because Clinton is supporting Bush.
That is right, Clinton's vote is being interpreted as the Democratic agenda, because they are the 'frontrunner.' I say no thank you to that.
As for why Kos is wrong, when Edwards took public financing, Kos said it was 'dangerous' to support Edwards, because they wouldn't have the money that other candidates (like Clinton) would have.
All along, I have maintained, as others have from our collective experience with the Kerry-Edwards campaign, you can have all the money in the world, but if you don't have ideas and leadership, you won't win.
Question - For the bloggers out there, some people have said taking public finance is a bad thing, what do you have to say about public finance? A - It is very hard to say you are for public finance and then reject it. It is a matter of principle. I have plenty of money to run my campaign. I think we need to have an election not an auction.
Who raises the most money does not make the best president.
part 1
I think what makes a good president is having the ideas and the capacity to lead.
That is what made the most sense to me. What matters more - Hillary Clinton's money or their decision to support Lieberman Kyl and emboldened the neocons?
I don't care if every poll in the nation says Hillary is going to be the president, votes like that and their dismissive attitude to us, the actual democratic voters... is what should matter to us more.
Rolph was surrounded by reporters and said they felt the need to stand their ground when Clinton challenged him: "She tried to ... accuse me of using someone else's words and being stupid. And that offended me. I felt the need to defend myself in view of that kind of comment."
(It is interesting to note, that John did not know I was interviewing them at first, and if you watch, as they approach me, they are just a genuinely concerned person and that does not change even after they know they are on camera.)
More from Edwards on the folly of aligning with the Neo-cons:
I believe this war in Iraq needs to be brought to an end, that means an end to combat missions in Iraq. Senator Clinton believes we should continue combat missions in Iraq.
Them explanation for this is that there terrorists are operating in Iraq. That sounds strangely familiar to me. We have a president who says the same thing.
This is an argument between more war and less war. I want the argument (in the debates against the republican in the general) to war versus no war.
On Lieberman Kyl:
You can guess who wants the Iranian Guard designated a terrorist organization? George Bush.
Biden and Dodd, to their credit, voted no. I was strongly opposed to it.
How long does it take us to learn our lesson about George Bush?
You give this guy an inch, they will take a mile.
Senator Clinton voted Yes,
What I am worried about - so in 6 months when George Bush invades Iran, are going to hear (her say)
"if I only knew then what I know now."
On changing the world for the better and to build goodwill:
Instead of 500 billion in Iraq, we could give primary education to 100 million children in the world who don't have any education at all, in Africa, Latin America, the Muslim world, all for 3 billion a year.
If we just promoted sanitation and clean drinking water, things we all take for granted - I have seen firsthand from the work I have done in Africa, how much difference that would make in stopping the spread of disease.
Today, there is an entire generation all around the world sitting on the fence. On one side, there is Bin Laden, Al Qaida, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah, and on the other side is America. Which way do they go?
That depends on us.
On Bush and Cheney:
I listen to George Bush - about as little as I can get away with, but here is what I hear...
Stay home, watch television, go shopping.
me and Dick Cheney, we'll take care of ya'
I don't want that crowd taking care of me!
I don't trust em', that is not America!
We are not a country that cowers in the corner waiting for someone to watch over us. We are strong, we are courageous, we are out there pushing the envelope.
And by the way, when I'm the president of the United States of America, DISSENT WILL ONCE AGAIN BE PATRIOTIC!
Now that sounds like leadership to me. Someone who tells it like it is, whether they are talking to you as an individual, a small crowd, or in front of a national audience.
Not someone showing you one side in person, but really thinking of triangulating to appeal to some neo-con ideology.
We can not afford to pass up this chance to make our candidate answer to we the people.
I for one, have not worked this hard in spite of this administration, just to have a DINO take me and our votes for granted.
That is why I am voting for someone who listens to US! John Edwards for President.
Before Rene Paredes hits the field they visualize exactly what he's going to do.
They think about making contact with the ball and then it's flying through the uprights. Then, they take a deep breath and walks onto the turf.
Perhaps that visualization is how the Stampeders kicker is leading the league in field goal percentage with 91.7%. He's made 44 of their 48 field goal attempts so far this season and has also connected on 32 of 38 converts.
The 32-year-old has scored 168 points for their team – good for second in the league, just behind Winnipeg's Justin Medlock (172).
So on behalf of every Stampeders fan (and the team itself), I say, Rene, don't stop whatever it is that you're doing.
Paredes also became a father over the off-season – one of four Stampeders to do so – which means any time he's not playing football he's spending time with their son.
What's on their pre-game playlist and what superpower would they have? Find out in this edition of TMI!
Kristina Costabile: Tell me something no one knows about you.
Rene Paredes: I've played soccer my whole life. When I used to live in the States I was a part of the Florida team and the regional team. I made it pretty far then once I stopped playing soccer, I focused more on football. That was in high school when I lived in Florida.
KC: What do you like to do in your free time?
RP: As of now, I'm just hanging out with my six month old baby. It's definitely different this year. I love every moment with my baby boy. For now that's what I do during my off-time of football, (I) hang out with my son and enjoy every moment.
KC: What's on your pre-game playlist?
RP: I have hip hop. Obviously I have a lot of Spanish music. I pretty much just play hip hop and Spanish music on my iPod before a game.
KC: Do you have any pre-game superstitions or routines?
RP: I don't know if I'd call it a superstition but I like to visualize. I visualize a lot before I go on the field. I visualize me hitting the ball well and seeing the ball go through the posts. And I take a lot of deep breaths right before I get on the field just to calm me down and make me focus. Other than that I don't think I have any superstitions. I just have a routine but I don't have anything superstitious that I have to do.
KC: What is your favourite football memory?
RP: I have a couple. Obviously winning the Grey Cup in 2014 and also getting the CFL record for most consecutive field goals (Editors note: Paredes holds the CFL record for most consecutive field goals (39) in 2012-13). That was something that was very hard to do and it was one of my biggest moments in the CFL.
KC: If you were stranded on a deserted island, what three things would you bring with you?
RP: I love to eat, so definitely food.
KC: What kind of food?
RP: I love Caribbean food!
KC: Do you cook?
RP: No, but my parents are Caribbean so I ate that a lot. And the other two things would be water and an iPod.
KC: Are you binge watching anything?
RP: I'm watching a lot of Narcos right now. That's one of my favourite shows right now.
KC: If you could have any superpower what would it be and why?
RP: To be invisible because you get to know to places that you won't be noticed!
The Mighty Stoner wanted a Dark Angel pony, and so the Mighty Stoner got a Dark Angel pony.As usual the base for the miniature is a Little Pony: Friendship is Magic blindbag pony, and as such it is little over 2 inches/ 5 cm (hoof to head)The tail is from another pony (a different pose)The shoulder pads are smoothed down Command Squad shoulders from Warhammer 40kFor the first time I had to include Grey Stuff in my project, and so for the first time I made the entire thing (almost) wiith Grey Stuff The muzzle section of the helmet was built in Grey Stuff (which allowed for a pretty smooth mouth grille)Galiban Green with a dash of the old Goblin Green for highlights and an ice tail from a Rarity model painted with varying layers of Enchanted Blue mixed with more and more Titanium White. Eye has been glazed with gloss varnish and naturally, the Legion insignia was hand painted.If you like this one, go check out the rest of my ponies . Who knows. Perhaps you'll find something you really like.And as always feel free to leave questions, comments, praise, criticism and bacon below.****************************The Dark Angels and Warhammer 40.000 © Games WorkshopMy Little POny: Friendship is Magic © Hasbro
By Lynda Heller
While sexuality seems to be taking over the world, some Christians are fighting against oversexualization in unconventional ways.
One of the best ways to capture the attention of an audience is to mention the word sex. This explains why everything seems to be sexualized these days, and why so many movies awkward passionate scenes. Looking at billboards and magazine ads, it is clear that the advertising industry is capitalizing on people's interest in anything sexual. I get frustrated as more and more words have a sexual twist, forcing me to be cautious about what I say. For example, the word “fetish” used to just be creepy with magical connotations, now it is creepy with sexual connotations. This is disappointing because it could be such a useful word, but now it must be avoided or else it might be misconstrued.
I know I am not the only one disturbed by the way that sex is taking over society. Once something has been sexualized it can be difficult to reclaim it, but some Christians are going to extreme measure to overcome modern perversity. Christian naturists declare their bodies to not be be sexual objects by abstaining from the wearing of clothing. They live in entirely naked communities, trying to restore innocence to the human body.
The naturist movement spans many denominations of Christianity, including anabaptists. In the 1500s, a group of nudist anabaptists ran through the streets of Amsterdam naked in an attempt to evangelize. Unfortunately, they were later killed for their streaking. (This tradition of Anabaptists running naked clarifies why Messiah College is so accepting of the men's soccer team's boxer run.)
Christian naturists use the Bible to defend their lifestyle. They point out that clothing was imposed on humans by themselves after sin entered the world. When God made clothes for humanity, They were performing the first blood sacrifice rather than condemn Adam and Eve's attempt to hide themselves.
To nudists, clothing is covering the pure (that which is made by God) with that which is made by humans. Any insult to the body is an insult to God's creation. As Christians, they seek to respect the Creator by respecting the human form as it was made. They do not try and make anything more or less out of the body than what it is. And, I imagine, with a range of ages and body types in a nudist community there will be few illusions about exactly what we are as humans.
Perhaps the most compelling point made by Christian naturists, is that clothing is not working out too well. Humans are beset by psychological disorders relating to body image. Perhaps if we were more open about our flaws we would be less insecure, and place less importance on physical attractiveness. I am certain that we would laugh more. But don't worry, as much as I respect the Christian naturist movement, I am not personally interested in joining because it would be far too cold.
Now that I had my delicious homemade spinach pasta, I needed something really tasty to do with it. Having stocked up on some ground veal on sale, I decided to use a package to make meatballs. I was a little hung up on the sauce, though, and thought about something creamy and a little spicy, with mushrooms. A friend suggested some thyme, and I realized putting thyme into both the sauce and the meatballs would unify the dish.
Mushroom Shallot Cream Sauce with Veal Meatballs
Meatballs:
1 lb ground veal
1 c seasoned breadcrumbs
1/2 c Parmesan cheese
1 tbsp Worchestershire sauce
2 eggs
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp dried thyme
Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine all ingredients and roll into half-inch balls. Place on a rack on a cookie sheet and bake 20 minutes or until golden brown on the outside.
Sauce:
1 lb sliced white mushrooms
3 tbsp butter
1 tbsp olive oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 shallot, thinly sliced
1/2 c cream
1/2 c Parmesan cheese
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1 tsp dried thyme
8 oz pasta, cooked
Melt butter in a saucepan with olive oil. Add garlic and mushrooms at the same time, and stir until mushrooms begin to soften. Add shallots, red pepper flakes and thyme, cream and cheese. Turn heat down and allow simmering until well combined. Add cooked pasta directly to sauce, and toss. Top with meatballs and serve.
Perhaps you've seen the ad James Patterson recently ran in the NYT.
If you don't want to squint at the jpg, here's what Patterson wrote:
"If there are no bookstores, no libraries, no serious publishers with passionate, dedicated, idealistic editors, what will happen to our literature? Who will discover and mentor new writers? Who will publish our important books? What will happen if there are no more books like these?"
Then there's a list of 38 books, including All the President's Men, Catcher in the Rye, The Color Purple, Fahrenheit 451, Catch 22, etc. I agree that many of them are great.
Then they end with:
"The Federal Government has stepped in to save banks, and the automobile industry, but where are they on the important subject of books? Or if the answer is state and local government, where are they? Is any state doing anything? Why are there no impassioned editorials in influential newspapers or magazines? Who will save our books? Our libraries? Our bookstores?"
I respect Patterson for their marketing genius. I also like many of their books. They make 94 million dollars a year , so he's obviously doing quite a bit right.
But I'm not finding much to agree with here.
"what will happen to our literature?"
Perhaps writers will write it? Aren't they the ones who wrote all of those books on that list?
One of those books mentioned above was Different Seasons by Stephen King. Does anyone think King will quit writing because the publishing world keeps changing and evolving? Is there anything that could get them to stop writing?
There are thousands of authors self-publishing. I'm sure some of them are writing great, important literature.
Bookstores, libraries, passionate editors, and publishers don't write books. They help books find readers. Like Amazon does, by connecting readers and writers.
Except Amazon has no barriers to entry, and gives writers a better royalty rate.
"Who will discover and mentor new writers?"
When did writers become invalids who are incapable of growing, learning, and improving without hand-holding?
Are books such rare, delicate hothouse flowers that the utmost care must be given to their nurturing and feeding or they'll perish without it?
With ebooks, the readers are the ones who discover new writers. And those readers actually have a chance to discover more books than ever before, because many of them were never mentored by the establishment.
I'm reminded of the story behind the publication of The Confederacy of Dunces . The author, John Kennedy Toole, was rejected by publishers, was supposedly very upset about it, and eventually killed himself. Their mother took up the cause to publish the book posthumously , and eventually it was--by Louisiana State University. And then it won the Pulitzer.
Would Toole have been so disheartened if they could have self-pubbed via KDP? We'll never know. But here is a case where a great work of art in search of a mentor didn't get one, and only through the determination of the dead writer's mother did it go on to become recognized as one of the greatest works in literature.
Toole needed less mentoring, fewer roadblocks, and more opportunities to get their book published. Which self-publishing allows.
"Who will publish our important books?"
I'm the first to admit that I'm an entertainer. That's all I aspire to be. Whiskey Sour will never be Catcher in the Rye, nor was it meant to be.
But I'm pretty sure there are writers who have important books in them. And rather than go through what Toole--and no doubt countless others--had to go through with the legacy system, they now have the opportunity to publish those works themselves.
Perhaps, without the legacy system, there will be no Maxwell Perkins to guide those geniuses of tomorrow. But there have always been, and always will be writing classes. And critique groups. And freelance editors. And peers. A writer doesn't have to work alone. And in exchange for getting this assistance, the writer doesn't then have to pay a large percentage of royalties, forever.
Passive Guy has some smart things to say about the nurturing aspect of publishing :
"Does nurturing even belong in a healthy business relationship?
PG says maybe some baby authors want nurturing, but most grown-up authors don't. If you simply must have nurturing, maybe a dog or cat is a better idea than an agent or publisher. They'll love you to pieces and never ask for a contract (unless the cat hires an attorney).
Like many things in traditional publishing, maybe you get nurturing whether you want it or not.
Here's an idea. Let's make nurturing an à la carte option that the author can pay for:
Agency Commission – 15% with nurturing, 7.5% without nurturing
Publisher Ebook Royalties – 25% with nurturing, 50% without nurturing"
While there are substantive differences between mentoring and nurturing, I must say that while I was taught many things about legacy publishing by those in the business, I didn't require any mentoring, nurturing, or hand-holding. I was lucky to find a good agent, Jane Dystel, who believed in me and was willing to work hard on my behalf, even when countless publishers rejected my books. Books that never were traditionally published, but have gone on to earn me over a million dollars.
The publishing industry did not teach me craft. I never required much editing. And though I never considered my books "important" I sure tried in vain to get my publishers behind them. Which never happened.
But I'll answer the actual question. If the true concern is that great books (like the 38 on the above list) will get lost in the ebook tsunami of crap ( which I debunked , but I digress), then I have a perfect solution:
James Patterson's Important Literature Series
All Patterson has to do is hire a group of editors to sift through self-published books, looking for great literature. Authors can also submit their work to this program. Then, when worthy books are discovered, Patterson can make a big announcement, re-publish it with a lot of press and fanfare and their name behind it, and these important books won't get lost in the kerfuffle.
I don't see this costing very much to do. Oprah did it with their book club. There are people other than those in publishing who can discover great books and help get them noticed.
If Patterson doesn't fund it, why not get a government grant for that instead of a bailout?
"The Federal Government has stepped in to save banks, and the automobile industry, but where are they on the important subject of books?"
While our nation does have an unfortunate history of helping the careless, uber-rich upper class continue to stay uber-rich by cleaning up after their greedy mistakes by using the tax money of the middle class, how about instead the publishing industry simply tries to compete? Maybe by embracing technology instead of repeatedly trying to halt its progress? Maybe by lowering the prices of books so more people had access to them? Maybe by treating authors fairly?
Barry Eisler and I did a post on this two years ago , showing publishers how they could compete.
The Federal Government doesn't need to intervene. Unless they can somehow force every executive in NY Publishing to read my blog.
"Who will save our books? Our libraries? Our bookstores?"
Last I checked, books don't need saving. Ebooks are thriving.
Our libraries would be thriving as well, if the publishers Patterson is pleading for actually played fair with their digital rights. I have a solution for that, too .
And bookstores? Well, as my friend Ann Voss Peterson said, look how every musician stopped making music once all the record stores went out of business.
Oh, wait. People are still making music. Good music, in fact. And lots of it. Even without record stores in every town.
I also need to point out that there are a lot of great books released by legacy publishers that fail to ever find their audience, and then go out of print. Publishers can discover important novels, and then fail to properly promote them. Which brings up an interesting point: All of those important books on the above list are big bestsellers.
What about all the great books that don't hit the NYT list? Who speaks for those?
Patterson recently was interviewed in Salon to talk about the ad , and I didn't find much to agree with there, either.
"E-books are fine and dandy, but it's all happening so quickly, and I don't think anyone thought through the consequences of having many fewer bookstores, of libraries being shut down or limited, of publishers going out of business — possibly in the future, many publishers going out of business."
Because without libraries, bookstores, or publishers there will be no more books?
Of course there will be books.
Will there be places to get books?
Sure there will.
And the books will be cheaper, and the authors will make a higher royalty.
I'd also argue that books will be more accessible. Some people don't live near bookstores or libraries. But a Kindle allows people anywhere to buy ebooks, and to also get them for free.
If Patterson is worried that the poor won't be able to afford Kindles, how about asking the government to buy Kindles for all libraries to loan to patrons, and forcing publishers to drop DRM and sell ebooks to libraries as I described in my link above ? Doesn't that seem like it will be more helpful, practical, and less expensive than a bailout?
And if the government doesn't do it, well, 94 million dollars would buy 1,300,000 Kindles. There are 121,000 libraries in the US , so each one would get ten.
Patterson is doing a great deal of good for the world, with www.readkiddoread.com , with their scholarships, with all of the books they give away.
But maybe the industry he's working in doesn't serve the greater good. Maybe they should be backing a different horse.
Is Patterson really concerned about important books being lost? With their money and fame helping important books get publicity, and with every library having access to Kindles and inexpensive ebooks, shouldn't that alleviate their concerns?
"In Germany, Italy, and France, they protect bookstores and publishers. It is widely practiced in parts of Europe. I don't think that's outlandish."
I'm all for my tax dollars funding museums, protecting some endangered species, and even helping start-up companies with low interest loans.
But I don't want my tax dollars going toward capitalist ventures that are no longer valid because technology is changing while they continue to cling to outdated business models.
Great books will be written without the Big 5. People will be able to buy books without brick and mortar bookstores. And any enterprise that exists to make money should do so because it is good at what it does, not because the government is bailing it so it can continue to make bad decisions and inevitably fold anyway.
"There might be tax breaks, there might be limitations on the monopolies in the book business. We haven't gotten into laws that should or shouldn't be done in terms of the internet."
I'm all for limitations on monopolies in the book business. I call it collusion . Like the DOJ does. Scott Turow spoke of a "rich literary culture" which Barry and I took them to task for
But I'm not for giving tax breaks to a billion dollar industry that hurts authors and readers.
"The press doesn't deal with the effects of e-books as a story. Borders closing down is treated as a business story. Where we are in Westchester during the summer, you'd think that'd be a bookstore haven, and there's nothing. And that's not unusual. I don't think we can be the country we'd like to be without literature."
If you own a Kindle, Mr. Patterson, you don't need a bookstore in Westchester, and you don't have to worry about being without literature.
If you can't afford a Kindle, let's use our tax dollars for that. Get Kindles into all libraries, so everyone has access to ebooks.
Borders closing is a business story. They didn't close because people are reading less. They closed because people are finding their books elsewhere.
"I was in Nashville last night to go to a kickoff at Ann Patchett's store. One of the things we agreed on is there are too many people talking about things who don't do anything. They did something. They bought a bookstore. To some extent, it's a symbolic act. But it got a lot of coverage. And it has to be out of love."
Just because libraries and bookstores are where people used to discover great books doesn't mean that without them people will never discover great books.
Just because the publishing industry published great books doesn't mean without them no more great books will be published.
I like bookstores. A lot. I visited over 1200 of them, signing books.
But it is possible to love books without patronizing bookstores. And it is possible for books to thrive without them being sold by bookstores.
That said, two years ago Blake Crouch and I came up with some ideas to help save bookstores . Not a single bookstore contacted us.
"I don't think we have a real strong spokesperson in the publishing community, someone who can stand up. If they were, they got distracted by lawsuits [against Amazon and publishing houses]. That scares publishers, as it should. It doesn't really matter. I'm stepping up a little. But it'd be nice if it was the head of a publishing company."
What would be nice is if publishers actually cared about readers and writers , instead of their own continued existence. But I don't blame them for worrying about their stockholders. That's capitalism.
Which is exactly why, if the system is failing, they SHOULD NOT be bailed out.
They ran the industry. They were the gatekeepers. They made their fortunes, and also helped Patterson make his. Now they aren't needed. And it is entirely their fault they aren't needed. And asking the government to help them is like asking peasants to use their money to buy Marie Antoinette cake.
If James Patterson wants to step up, ads asking for the government to bail out the publishing industry isn't the way to lead a crusade to save libraries and important books.
Patterson could use their considerable weight to get publishers to work with libraries, instead of against them
They could use their fame and money to help discover and promote important works of literature.
They could use their fortune to make sure all libraries get ereading devices, or they could lobby for that cause.
They could.
"There are plenty of eye-witness accounts. Just because you're so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you–" This article contains a list of appearances, but currently has few or no notes and references. Please help the Harry Potter Wiki by adding notes and/or references to bring this article to a higher standard of quality.
"Are you a wizard or not?" The title of this article is conjectural. Although it is based on canonical information, the actual name is a conjecture and may be supplanted at any time by additional information released from canonical sources. If this occurs, please move this page to the appropriate title.
This individual was a witch and a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry who was sorted into Slytherin in 1991.
Contents show]
Biography
Fifth year
During the 1995–1996 school year, when Fred and George Weasley set off fireworks in the castle, they were seen looking at a Whiz-Bang that followed and hit Vincent Crabbe in the rear end.
Seventh year and the Battle of Hogwarts
They later attended their Charms O.W.L. exam. During the 1997–1998 school year they were forced to leave the school along with their fellow Slytherins before the start of the Battle of Hogwarts.
Later life
It is unknown if they survived the Second Wizarding War.
Behind the scenes
The National Rifle Association is challenging proposed legislation that would prohibit stalkers and perpetrators of domestic violence from buying guns, arguing that not all stalkers are violent and that the bill violates their Second Amendment rights.
The bill, introduced by Minnesota Democrat Sen. Amy Klobuchar, would shore up some loopholes in existing federal law, which already bars those convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence against “intimate partners” to include those who harm “dating partners” and adds convicted stalkers to the grouping.
The NRA wrote to senators to voice their opposition to the bill, noting that the group “strongly opposes” the legislation because it “manipulates emotionally compelling issues such as ‘domestic violence' and ‘stalking' simply to cast as wide a net as possible for firearm prohibitions,” according to the Huffington Post, which obtained the letter.
The NRA also argued that stalkers shouldn't be prohibited from buying guns.
“'Stalking' offenses do not necessarily include violent or even threatening behavior,” the letter continues. “Under federal law, for example, stalking includes ‘a course of conduct' that never involves any personal contact whatsoever, occurs wholly through the mail, online media, or telephone service, is undertaken with the intent to ‘harass' and would be reasonably expected to cause (even if it doesn't succeed in causing) ‘substantial emotional distress' to another person.”
The NRA is ignoring some pretty significant numbers when they push against reform: 76% of women who are murdered by an intimate partner were stalked beforehand, according to a study by the New York City Department of Health and a number of universities. At least three women a day are murdered by a boyfriend or a husband, according to the American Psychological Association. Furthermore, domestic abusers with access to guns are seven times more likely to murder their partners, according to a study funded by a number of national health organizations.
The NRA did not immediately respond to requests for comment from msnbc.
Investing.com -
Investing.com -- U.S. crude futures fell sharply to fresh 12-year lows on Thursday, amid a bearish monthly supply report from OPEC and further indications that a deal between Russia and the world's largest oil cartel on potential cuts in production will not materialize.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, WTI crude for March delivery traded between $26.12 and $27.48 a barrel, before settling at $26.14, down 1.27 or 4.54% on the day. The front month contract for U.S. crude has closed lower in six straight sessions and eight of the last nine. WTI crude futures previously hit a 12-year low on January 20, as traders prepared for the long-awaited return of Iran to world energy markets after a group of Western powers eased longstanding economic sanctions against the Persian Gulf nation.
Texas light, sweet futures have followed up a dismal year in 2015 by slumping more than 25% on the new year.
On the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), brent crude for April delivery wavered between $29.93 and $31.11 a barrel, before closing at $29.98, down 0.86 or 2.83% on the session. With the late losses, North Sea brent futures dipped below $30 a barrel for the first time in two weeks.
Much like its U.S. counterpart, brent futures have extended sharp declines from last year, by crashing an additional 18% over the first six weeks of the new year.
Minutes after the close, Dow Jones reported that OPEC members are preparing to cooperate on potential production cuts according to UAE's energy minister. The comments boosted prices for both benchmarks by more than 0.50 a barrel.
Before the market-moving comments, U.S. crude fell to its lowest level since May, 2003, as investors reacted to significant increases in OPEC production last month. In January, the 13-member cartel ramped up production by 131,000 bpd to 32.33 million bpd, bolstered by increases from Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran and Nigeria. Saudi Arabia, the world's top exporter, rose output by 44,000 bpd in January to 10.091 bpd, near all-time record highs.
In addition, the cartel upwardly revised Non-OPEC supply for 2015 by 90,000 barrels per day to 1.32 million bpd, driven by higher than expected fourth-quarter data. It was nearly offset by expectations for a 70,000 bpd supply decline for 2016, amid widespread capital expenditure cuts by international companies, reduction in rig counts in North America and heavy decreases in production among older fields.
At the same time, the cartel left Non-OPEC world demand growth estimates unchanged for last year, while lowering forecasts for 2016 by 10,000 bpd. Crude prices have crashed more than 70% from their peak of $115 two summers ago, as global supply continues to greatly outpace demand. Earlier this week, the Paris-based International Energy Agency estimated that supply will outstrip demand by an average of 1.75 million bpd in 2016, slightly above forecasts of 1.5 million bpd last month.
There appears to be little signs that any major production cuts could be imminent. Addressing reporters on the sidelines of an international oil conference in London, Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin effectively quashed any speculation of an agreement between Russia and OPEC, which could have resulted in cuts of up to 5% in daily production. Reports of the looming possibility of a meeting between the major oil powers created a brief rally in crude prices last week.
'Tell me please who is going to cut? Russia isn't cutting. Who are we joining? Iran? Saudi Arabia? OPEC?,' Sechin said at the conference.
Production increases by Rosneft, Russia's state-owned oil and gas exploration company, helped drive national output above 10.8 million bpd in December. Russia, one of the world's top producers, is currently drilling oil near its highest level in the post-Soviet era.
The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the strength of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, fell more than 0.40% to an intraday low of 95.28 dropping to fresh three-month lows. The dollar has fallen by nearly 4% since the Federal Reserve opted to leave short-term interest rates unchanged at a meeting in late-January.
Dollar-denominated commodities such as crude become more expensive for foreign purchasers when the dollar appreciates.
The contest is over! And, chosen by Random.org, the winner is … EUGAET! Congratulations. Please email your mailing address to sam@discdish.com by April 5 to claim your prize. Thank you to everyone who entered. Watch out for other giveaways soon.
Middle-Earth fans, get ready! Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey arrives on DVD, Blu-ray/DVD Combo and Blu-ray 3D Combo on March 19. And Disc Dish is giving away a copy of the Blu-ray/DVD Combo to a lucky reader.
The Hobbit is, of course, the adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkein's classic novel , but An Unexpected Journey is only part 1. Jackson stretched the story into three movies, adding in characters from the Lord of the Rings world to bring the films closer together.
Although Hobbit shares LOTR‘s Ian McKellen (X-Men: The Last Stand) as Gandalf, Cate Blanchett (Hanna) as Galadrial and Andy Serkis (Rise of the Planet of the Apes) as Gollum, among others, the movie also stars Martin Freeman (TV's Sherlock) as a younger Bilbo, as well as Richard Armitage (Captain America: The First Avenger) and James Nesbitt (Coriolanus).
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey grossed more than $300 million in the U.S., and the three-disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo has a value of $35.99. Here's how you can enter for your chance to get one for free:
1. If you don't already, Like Disc Dish on Facebook, Follow Disc Dish on Twitter or subscribe to Disc Dish by email (see the box on the right), then leave a comment on this page saying whether you're a Facebook or Twitter fan or email subscriber. That gives you one entry. If you only do this step, you're entered, but keep reading for more chances to win.
2. Link to this page from your Facebook profile, Twitter account, Digg, Reddit.com, blog or wherever you hang out online and put a link to it in the comments on this page. You'll get an extra entry for each link. (Sorry, but links added to the Disc Dish Facebook page don't count.)
3. Repeat steps 1 and 2 every day for even more chances to win.
This giveaway runs through midnight, Monday, March 25, and the winner will be chosen by Random.org and announced here on Tuesday, March 26. Make sure you check back to see if you won. The winner must contact us by April 5 to claim the prize. NOTE:The contest is only open to readers who are 18 or older and in the U.S., with no post office boxes.
And, try out they Are You 100% Hobbit Quiz below and post your results in the comments, if you'd like. We're 88%:
ADVERTISEMENT
If the American left is to confront Donald Trump, it must have a movement with confidence and energy — one that will defend democracy with the same frantic urgency of conservatives trying to undermine it. In a word, it needs socialism.
To see the power of a hardcore movement, you only need to look to North Carolina, where Democrat Roy Cooper won the governorship in a close race and where conservatives are now trampling over democracy and precedent in protest. The GOP-dominated legislature is holding a special session to reduce the governor to all but a figurehead. They're slashing Cooper's ability to appoint state bureaucrats and the trustees of the state university system, cementing control over the state electoral machinery, and sharply restricting the power of the state Supreme Court (where a Democrat won control of a swing seat).
Overall, the point is concentrate as much power as possible in the legislature, on which Republicans have a death grip due to gerrymandering. They will disenfranchise enemy demographic groups, ignore federal court orders, arrest members of the press, and otherwise bend the law to the breaking point in the service of clinging to power.
Mainstream liberalism is simply not equipped to fight back against this sort of thing. Liberals are palpably wrong-footed — isn't winning the election enough? Good heavens, when will they stop? When will Republicans settle down and respect the legitimacy of democracy? The answer, at least in operational terms, is obvious: never.
Now, to be fair, there are a great many people doing all they can on the ground in North Carolina and elsewhere. (The Moral Mondays movement is half the reason Cooper got elected in the first place.) But nationally speaking, there is nothing on the left like the conservative movement. That's how Republicans have won the presidency, Congress, and the vast majority of state-level political institutions despite their president-elect, their party, and their agenda being very unpopular.
What Democrats need is a fighting spirit to put some energy behind their own popularity advantage. Socialism — the democratic variety, not Marxism-Leninism, of course — is just what the doctor ordered.
First, it is substantively in the right ballpark. Leftists can and do argue all day about what precisely a socialist program should be, but it seems inarguable that liberal capitalism is failing a huge fraction of American citizens. Hillary Clinton ran a status quo campaign and lost; a systemic critique acknowledging that America is not already great will channel the energy of disaffected young and working-class people. Just look at who flocked to Bernie Sanders campaign — the most politically successful socialist in American history.
Second and perhaps more importantly, socialism is forthrightly radical. None of this trying to adopt new monikers like "progressive" because conservatives turned "liberal" into a smear. Instead, adopt an older term of abuse whose viewpoint has been massively validated among young people by the 2008 crisis. Socialism communicates confidence and vision. Build, organize, and fight on democratic freedoms, universal social programs and massive wealth redistribution, not fiddly little tax credits.
That need for clarity is probably why new members have been flooding into the Democratic Socialists of America, the largest socialist organization in the United States. They have added some 3,000 dues-paying members since the election — increasing their membership by over 40 percent nearly overnight. Just in the last week they have added chapters in three states, and have over 20 chapter requests still waiting to be processed.
It's important to realize that one does not have to actually believe in socialist policy to recognize the value of a strong and mobilized left flank. Today's socialists are all firm democrats and believe strongly in social justice; despite the inevitable infighting that always happens on the left, nobody is calling social democrats "social fascists" on orders from Moscow. Milquetoast liberalism has been comprehensively devastated, but this sort of popular front strategy has room for them as well. Once the right has been defeated, then the left can hash out what to do.
A new rise of socialism would fit with the historical pattern. The modern echos with the 1930s are downright eerie, as right-wing political formations have been steamrolling center-left ones across the globe. While FDR did enormously well in the '30s with a quasi-socialist policy program, during the Great Depression European liberals could not contest the rise of fascism. Traditionally, to beat Nazis you need communists. Our own time is not yet so dire, but the weakness of American liberalism is indisputable. Something has to change.
Julian Assange, the founder of whistleblower website WikiLeaks, has said they will release over a million more documents in the coming year that will affect "every country in the world".
The activist made a rare public appearance on the balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy in London, where they have spent the last six months in refuge to avoid extradition to Sweden for alleged sex crimes.
Addressing a 200 cheering crowd of supporters and international press, Assange said: "WikiLeaks has already over a million documents prepared to be released. Documents that affect every country in the world. Every country in this world. And in Australia an un-elected senator will be replaced by one that is elected."
Assange refused to give up their self-imposed incarceration saying they were holed up at the embassy for fear of the US investigation into their activities.
'Work will not be cowed'
"My work will not be cowed, but while this immoral investigation continues and while the Australian government will not defend the journalism and publishing of WikiLeaks I must remain here," Assange said.
"However, the door is open and the door has always been open for anyone who wishes to speak to me. Like you, I have not been charged with a crime," they said.
They also listed a series of jailed figures, including Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab and alleged Anonymous hacker Jeremy Hammond.
The the 41-year-old Australian also praised jailed US soldier Bradley Manning, the alleged source of WikiLeaks' most embarrassing revelations.
"Bradley Manning, who turned 25 this week, a young man who has maintained their dignity after spending more than 10 percent of their life in jail without trial, some of that time in a cage, naked and without their glasses," they said.
Assange is being investigated by US officials over their leaks of classified documents and is also wanted over allegations of sexual assault stemming from a trip to Sweden in mid-2010.
It's that wonderfully awkward time of the year again when the Major League Soccer Players Union publicly releases the salaries of every single one of their players. Finally media and fans get to sort through all the hard work team personnel has done to fit the best possible roster within the financial constraints of MLS. Unlike last year, there are no mystery players that we didn't know existed for Atlanta United (shout out Jeffrey Otoo), it's just a list of what every player under contract for the club makes. Here's the full list:
Atlanta United 2017 Salaries Club Last Name First Name Pos 2017 Base Salary 2017 Guaranteed Compensation Club Last Name First Name Pos 2017 Base Salary 2017 Guaranteed Compensation ATL Almiron Miguel M $1,912,500.00 $2,297,000.00 ATL Ambrose Mikey D $65,625.00 $65,625.00 ATL Asad Yamil M $150,000.00 $150,000.00 ATL Bloom Mark D $99,225.00 $106,573.89 ATL Carleton Andrew F $65,000.00 $77,400.00 ATL Carmona Carlos M $675,000.00 $725,000.00 ATL Garza Greg D $150,000.00 $150,000.00 ATL Gonzalez Pirez Leandro D $250,008.00 $285,008.00 ATL Goslin Chris M $70,000.00 $74,000.00 ATL Gressel Julian M $75,000.00 $93,750.00 ATL Heath Harrison M $66,150.00 $66,150.00 ATL Jones Kenwyne F $390,000.00 $413,333.33 ATL Kratz Kevin M $150,000.00 $164,250.00 ATL Larentowicz Jeff M $175,008.00 $175,008.00 ATL Loyd Zach D $85,008.00 $85,008.00 ATL Martinez Josef F $924,000.00 $1,041,310.00 ATL McCann Chris M $540,000.00 $568,000.00 ATL Mears Tyrone D $183,756.00 $183,756.00 ATL Oblitey Otoo Jeffrey M-F $53,000.00 $53,000.00 ATL Parkhurst Michael D $325,008.00 $325,008.00 ATL Peterson Jacob F $165,300.00 $165,300.00 ATL Reynish Kyle GK $65,004.00 $65,004.00 ATL Robinson Miles D $125,000.04 $195,000.04 ATL Rochez Bryan F $200,000.00 $279,500.00 ATL Tambakis Alexander GK $65,004.00 $65,004.00 ATL Vazquez Brandon F $100,008.00 $120,008.00 ATL Villalba Hector F $663,000.00 $770,750.00 ATL Walkes Anton D $53,004.00 $53,004.00 ATL Wheeler-Omiunu Andrew M $53,004.00 $53,004.00 ATL Williams Romario F $65,000.00 $65,000.00
There are many hot takes to be had about Atlanta's figures that will surely show up in the comments. Overall, Atlanta United have only spent the eighth most of any club in MLS in their first year. They rank just behind the Seattle Sounders and Portland Timbers. Toronto FC leads the way with a remarkable $22 million spent, mainly on their high-priced attacking trio of Sebastian Giovinco, Jozy Altidore, and Michael Bradley.
It's no surprise to find out that Miguel Almiron is Atlanta United's highest paid player at just under $2.3 million. If we're being honest, compared to all the other Designated Players in the league, that's a bargain for the Five Stripes.
As you'd expect, the club's other two DP's round out the Top 3 biggest earners. They are followed by Carlos Carmona who is raking in near-DP money. No. 5 on the list is a bit surprising considering how the season has played out thus far. Chris McCann, who has only played a handful of minutes, is making a very nice chunk of change. Focus will immediately be on players who aren't living up to their contracts, but it's important to remember that we're only seven matches into the season and the club's existence. It's a long season and any player's fortune or impact can change going forward.
The high end of the spectrum consists of mainly who you'd expect, but there are some interesting cases where players are out-performing their wages. A couple of prime examples of this are Yamil Asad and Leandro Gonzalez Pirez. Both have been upper-echelon players and when you combine their salaries, they bring in the same as a borderline TAM player would. That's some good business.
Overall, I'll leave you with a thought from a friend of the site, Mr. Matt Doyle of MLSSoccer.com.
@TiotalFootball I only see one "bad" contract. You guys should build a statue of Paul McDonough. — Matthew Doyle (@MattDoyle76) April 25, 2017
The team's technical staff has done a wonderful job building the inaugural roster. Not every decision was going to come off with 100% accuracy, but so far it's been as near-perfect as you could hope for. Remember this when formulating your hot takes on the financials of the team. They've delivered on their promise of building an exciting and competitive team from day one.
There's been much conversation and debate in the wake of the 2017 Hankook Dubai 24 Hours on what might change ahead of the 2018 event.
90+ starters on a relatively short circuit with cars of wildly mixed pace and drivers of very mixed experience was always likely to provide race officials with some challenges, the drivers with some eye popping moments and the pit crews with some sleepless nights but the question is. What do you change and still retain the uniqueness of the event?
First knee-jerk reaction from some was to suggest the Touring Car classes are eliminated from the race, perhaps given their own, possibly shorter event on the same bill.
There are really only two questions around that.
Where does that leave the ‘main' 24 Hours and, most crucially of all, what do the people that really matter in the debate, the customers, ie the drivers and teams, think about that prospect?
Firstly where would it leave the event? It would see a smaller grid, and it would likely be a near exclusively GT-populated 24 Hour race (with the potential exception of the very quickest of the Tourers, TCR etc).
OK, that feels very like a lot of other events doesn't it? The Spa and Nurburgring 24 Hours, Bathurst 12 Hours etc. It would remove with one sweep, the uniqueness of the Dubai event, and fundamentally change its character. It would also remove, along the way, a fair proportion of the locally sourced entry, removing much of the event's relevance to the Gulf region and effectively making the event another Euro-sourced ‘plug and play' happening.
Oh and it's not just me saying it, take a read of this very measured piece in the regional 360 sports newspaper on Sunday evening:
Click to read Sport 360 article
Secondly, there has been very little clamour amongst the Touring Car teams and drivers for a separate race for their cars and classes, and this, far more than any other factor is the one that should, and very likely will, be listened to by Creventic.
These teams have been the lifeblood of a Series that has grown principally through a reputation for innovation and customer focus, their views are highly unlikely to be ignored.
Put simply, a team running a Renault Clio or two for the full season is, and should be, far more important to the Series than a team popping in for a one off blast for glory in Dubai in a nice shiny new GT3.
Creventic's package is principally aimed at its participants. Yes they have set standards too in bringing their brand of endurance racing to a far wider audience than previously since adopting live streaming and involving the Radio Show Limited crew with all of their events, BUT that wider audience is not the core of the business model, and neither are we globe-trotting media the ones that should be the yardstick for developments, it is entirely clear and appropriate that Creventic's customers, and in particular their full season racers, occupy that position.
That then leaves the issue that is the elephant in the room, what should you do to improve the 2018 Hankook Dubai 24 Hours, to reduce the level of incident and accident, whilst continuing to improve the reach of the event beyond the circuit's boundaries?
The reality, in this writer's view, is that 90+ cars is too many, but I'm not equipped with the facts or the data to show what the event needs to reduce that total by to make a worthwhile change in the density/safety ratio. This is not a matter for guesswork, its a matter that requires cold, analytical examination before options are considered.
Capping the classes, or indeed the one-off entries, to a set number, driver pre-qualification through career, or prior season record, and driver training, for instance the Sean Edwards Foundation process, can and undoubtedly are, amongst the processes being considered.
Perhaps the event's difference in the future could be maintained by accepting full season only GT3s, or even to work towards SP3 (GT4) and the one make GT cars as the premier classes?
Before then though all involved, on track and off, need to consider the incidents that did occur, Yes very many were as a result of the issues raised at the very start of this article, but others were as a result of the express points always made in Creventic drivers briefings not being entirely observed.
“This is the Gentleman Driver's race, they are delighted to have you here at their invitation but please respect that this is, first and foremost, their race and act and drive accordingly”
If it didn't happen then it is those that failed, or refused, to act on instruction that could, and should, be amongst the first to suffer the cut, not the season-long stalwarts that see Dubai, quite correctly, as their ‘Le Mans'.
March 22, 2016
SUPPORT FOR A SINGLE PAYER, MEDICARE FOR ALL HEALTHCARE SYSTEM HAS MY VOTE
As unions, public health committees, healthcare professionals and caregivers, political organizations, elected officials and concerned individuals living and working in New York State, we place our highest priority on the achievement of universal healthcare and continued progress in access to quality healthcare for all.
We believe that healthcare should be a right, not a privilege, for all who live in the United States.
Towards this paramount goal, essential to the health and safety of our country, we are united in a long-standing effort to achieve a Single Payer, Medicare for All healthcare system that would provide care on the basis of patient need and bring to an end the profiteering of the health insurance industry.
We are resolved that the time for transition to a Single Payer, Medicare for All system is now.
This is one of the critical reasons we are supporting Senator Bernie Sanders, whose principled support for a Single Payer, Medicare for All system is a centerpiece of their campaign platform, in the New York Democratic Presidential Primary on April 19, 2016. Senator Sanders' position is most consistent with our own principles and values and they deserve our vote.
We wish to express our respect for our allies in the labor, healthcare for all, civil rights and social justice movements that have given their backing to the candidacy of former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. We are committed to uniting with these allies and others to ensure the defeat of the dangerous agenda of certain right-wing Republican candidates in the General Election.
We agree with the position of Democrats, many Independents, Green Party and select Republicans that the extreme politics of certain sectors which are making gains within the Republican Party -- defined by hate, inequality and violence -- place the nation in peril.
We are further resolved to work with all like-minded Americans and residents of our country to mobilize a strong vote in opposition to any of these right-wing candidates in the General Election, November 8, 2016.
Communication Workers of America
Communication Workers of America, Local 1180
CWA District 1 Health Care Coordinating Council
AFGE Local 3369, Social Security Administration
New York State Nurses Association, Board of Directors
National Nurses United
New England Joint Board, UNITE-HERE
Moveon.org
Working Families Party
Annette Guadino, Campaign For New York Health*
Elizabeth Rosenthal, MD, Board Member, Physicians for a National Health Program New York Metro Chapter*
Daniel Neghassi, MD, Board Member, Physicians for a National Health Program New York Metro Chapter*
Hannah Moreira, Medical Student Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Board Member, Physicians for a National Health Program New York Metro Chapter*
NYC Councilman Rafael Espinal
NY Assemblyman Luis Sepúlveda
NY State Senator Bill Perkins
*organization listed for identification purposes only
Aspiring beer retailer files Superior Court notice against Beer Store
Toronto, ON – Acting on behalf of would-be craft beer retailer, Barge Craft Beer & Distribution & Retail Co., a Toronto law firm has filed a 60-day notice of application to the Ontario Superior Court of Justice to invalidate subsection 3(e) of the Liquor Control Act, which grants the Beer Store monopoly powers.
The relationship between Barge Craft Beer and representing law firm Hassell Trial Counsel was not immediately confirmed.
Listed below are some of the grounds for this application:
Pursuant to subsection 3(e) of the Liquor Control Act, The Beer Store is granted monopoly status as the only private company able to sell beer to the public without brewing beer;
Barge Craft Beer is not able to apply for nor obtain a licence to sell beer and therefore cannot sell beer to the public;
Subsection 3(e) of the Liquor Control Act is an unreasonable restraint of trade, contrary to equitable principles of fairness and contrary to public policy;
The impact of subsection 3(e) of the Liquor Control Act is detrimental to Ontario's economy. For example, Ontario craft brewers have significant hurdles to selling high quality craft beer, hampering growth and stalling job creation in Ontario. Furthermore, competitors such as Barge Craft Beer are shut out of the beer market to the detriment of Ontario consumers.
The Liquor Control Act and Liquor Licence Act can easily be amended to create a competitive and fair beer market subject to the regulatory oversight of the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario. For example, a retail beer licence would create a competitive and fair beer market;
The regulated conduct doctrine does not justify The Beer Store's monopoly status. The regulated conduct doctrine justifies the regulation of beer retailing in general, but not the granting of monopolies to a single private company within a regulated context;
Ontario deserves a competitive and fair beer market. A competitive and fair beer market will benefit Ontario's economy and Ontarians generally and is therefore in the best interests of Ontario; i. Clause 14.05(3)(d) of the Rules of Civil Procedure;
A copy of the entire notice is available here: Barge Craft Beer Notice of Application concerning the Liquor Control Act Draft for Notice Purposes [PDF]
On Wednesday morning in Beijing, we fitted our two boys with their mini-masks and sent them off to school. Air pollution, according to the U.S. embassy index, had hit a dangerous particulate concentration of 497. (The World Health Organization warns against daily exposure to PM2.5 fine particulates above 25.) At 500 on the Beijing scale—which the U.S. embassy has dryly dubbed “beyond index” because who would think air pollution could climb so high?—school would be shuttered. Three index points were all that were keeping our kids in class.
By the time our children, ages 6 and 4, were starting school, the U.S. air-quality index had hit 512. By 11:00 am, it had reached 537. The air is off-the-charts bad. The U.S. embassy cautions that at this level, “everyone may experience more serious health effects.” Even the Chinese government, whose own air-quality monitoring often records pollution at a lower intensity than the American embassy does, recommends that residents should wear masks and avoid outdoor activities.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
As the foul air intensified over the weekend, the nation's senior climate-change official noted that “China's pollution is at an unbearable stage.” Another scientist compared the smog blanket to living through a “nuclear winter” because the air is so impenetrable that crops are not getting enough light and becoming stunted, threatening disaster for many farmers.
As the air pollution has worsened over the last couple years, local awareness has spiked, in part because state media are now allowed to report on the smog. People who used to complain to me about the “weather” now acknowledge a human hand in the acrid air. Locals are demanding their government do something; a slew of new anti-pollution measures have been unveiled but to little apparent effect so far. One man in the notoriously smoggy northern city of Shijiazhuang is trying to sue the city government for not adequately tackling the foul air, according to the Yanzhao Evening News, a local paper.  They are believed to be the first person to launch such a lawsuit.
Meanwhile, on Feb. 25, China's President Xi Jinping left the climate-controlled confines of China's leadership compound for a stroll through Beijing's historic alleyways. The walkabout was unexpected, although Xi had taken another surprise tour of the capital two months before. Contrary to their government's own advice on the toxic air, the Chinese leader did not wear a mask.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Street Fighter V will release on PS4 and PC this financial year, Capcom has confirmed, with the publisher expecting to sell 2 million units across both platforms by March 31, 2016.
A release window for the game was revealed in the publisher's latest financial results, where it confirmed that it had plans "to launch more titles in popular game series" during the current financial year, including Street Fighter V.
It remains unclear, however, whether the game will release this side of Christmas or in early 2016. Back in March, a post on Capcom's official blog revealed that the game was due to release in spring 2016. However, a reference to the date was later removed.
Expect to hear more on Street Fighter V during next month's E3.
Source: Capcom
Gov. Jerry Brown on Monday proposed a ballot initiative that would ask Californians to raise taxes on themselves.
Facing huge deficits despite $10 billion in budget cuts last year, California needs new tax dollars in order to avoid catastrophic cuts to schools and government services for the elderly, Governor Brown said.
Their plan includes a 1 percent income-tax-rate increase for individuals making more than $250,000 per year, and a 2 percent rate increase for those making more than $500,000. It would also increase the state sales tax by half a cent to 7.75 percent.
In total, at least 10 initiatives that propose tax increases are vying to qualify for the 2012 ballot in California – a sign that the state that led the national tax revolt with Proposition 13 in 1978 might now be considering at least a partial reversal of course.
With many states still focused only on cuts, such a bold statement from California could reverberate nationwide – either giving other states cover to try similar measures or showing that, even with budgets in dire straits, tax increases are a political impossibility.
“A victory for tax increases in California could encourage similar moves in other states,” says Jack Pitney, a political scientist at Claremont McKenna College. “If the tax measure goes down to defeat – in a blue state running a huge deficit – the effect would be to chill such proposals in other states for many years to come.”
Brown's proposal is projected to raise $7 billion per year and would expire in 2016. On Monday, they dismissed the idea of going through the Legislature, where a two-thirds vote is needed for raising taxes. Indeed, Brown tried to go through the Legislature earlier this year to get a tax measure put on the ballot, but Republicans blocked him.
So now the plan is to collect enough citizen signatures to put their plan on the ballot without any input from lawmakers.
“I am going directly to the voters because I don't want to get bogged down in partisan gridlock as happened this year,” said Brown in a statement. “The stakes are too high.”
They suggested that the state can't make any more cuts responsibly. “Spending is now at levels not seen since the '70s,” they said. “Schools have been hurt, and state funding for our universities has been reduced by 25 percent. Support for the elderly and the disabled has fallen to where it was in 1983.”
“The stark truth is that without new tax revenues, we will have no other choice but to make deeper and more damaging cuts to schools, universities, public safety, and our courts,” they added.
The depth of recent cuts may have changed minds in California. Some 64 percent of California voters said they would pay more taxes if the money went to public schools, according to a November poll by the Los Angeles Times and the University of Southern California.
“Now people are seeing how spending cuts are hitting the most vulnerable – elderly and kids in school,” says Loyola Law School professor Jessica Levinson, former director of political reform at the Center for Governmental Studies.
But analysts say the sheer number of initiatives may overload voters. Moreover, Republicans could try to counter with initiatives of their own.
“While Brown may be successful in persuading some of their allies in their tax-increase battle to remove their initiatives from the ballot, one might imagine that their opponents will decide to pursue a voter misdirection strategy by seeking to add counterbalancing initiatives of their own,” says Lara Brown, a Villanova University professor and author of “Jockeying for the American Presidency.”
The stakes are high for what might follow in other states. “In the same way that Proposition 13 did, indications are that California is willing to turn the corner on what government is and our willingness to fund it,” says Barbara O'Connor, director emeritus of the Institute for Study of Politics and Media at California State University, Sacramento. “Perhaps it is time to lead the rest of the country out of the morass by example.”
The United States' excessive copyright terms have led to an orphan works crisis in this country. Tens of thousands of books, films, music recordings, and other cultural works across decades have been made completely inaccessible by copyright's strict monopoly, which can last more than 140 years. That casts a shroud of legal uncertainty over orphan works—works where the author or rightsholder cannot be identified or located—which makes using, preserving, or sharing them risky and essentially renders them culturally invisible and forbidden.
Earlier this year, the Register of Copyrights issued a report about this very problem called Orphan Works and Mass Digitization. In it, the Register of Copyrights acknowledges a need to do something about the fact that "orphan works are a frustration, a liability risk, and a major cause of gridlock in the digital marketplace." The report includes a discussion of several proposals that could expand access to orphan works. One proposal is to put limits on the legal consequences for those who do anything technically infringing, in order to make it less daunting to take a chance and use them.
In the midst of this overdue discussion about how to address this issue the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) threatens to undermine Congress' own ability to create practical solutions to fix it. The leaked TPP's Intellectual Property chapter has revealed heavy-handed civil and criminal penalties that could go beyond existing U.S. law to treat even noncommercial uses of copyrighted content, including of orphan works, as illegal and criminal.
In light of this, EFF has joined as signatory to a letter that calls on the U.S. Trade Representative not to agree to any provisions in the TPP that could prevent Congress from enacting fixes to address the orphan works problem. Other signatories to the letter are Authors Alliance, Creative Commons, Knowledge Ecology International, and New Media Rights.
EFF stands for more comprehensive reforms to our copyright laws that would also help with the orphan works problem—such as shortening the term to, at most, the international standard length of Life+50 years, and a requirement that copyright holders proactively register (and renew registration on) their works so that they don't merely fall into a cultural black hole. But in the absence of those, we can't let the White House pass more rules that would keep so many creative works lost and invisible for years. That's why we urge the USTR to ensure that the TPP does not bind us to inflexible, restrictive rules that would undermine congressional efforts towards enacting incremental fixes to this copyright crisis.
~
Civil Society Letter on TPP Remedies Over Orphan Works [PDF] - August 31, 2015
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - A man is accused of theft from a tribal organization for secretly selling computer equipment they bought on behalf of an Indian tribe, federal court records show. Michael Gerard Buchanan is named in felony information filed Monday, Nov. 23, in U.S. District Court. The filing of felony information suggests Buchanan has cooperated with investigators rather than have the case go before a federal grand jury. The government said they bought computer equipment on behalf of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians and then sold the equipment to others unknown to the tribe while keeping the proceeds. The value of the items is $233,176.72, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeff Davis wrote in court documents. They said the thefts occurred between 2008 and Sept. 12, 2012, in Leelanau County. No court dates have been set. The case is assigned to U.S. District Judge Robert Holmes Bell in Grand Rapids. John Agar covers crime for MLive/Grand Rapids Press
E-mail John Agar: jagar@mlive.com and follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/ReporterJAgar
The First Church of Cannabis will challenge Indiana's new religious freedom law by holding a pot smoking worship service on July 1, the same day the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act formally becomes law.
Marijuana is currently illegal for medical or recreational use in Indiana. However, the First Church of Cannabis plans to get around the law by invoking the state's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which limits the government from intervening with a person's exercise of religion and sincerely held religious beliefs.
Church founder Bill Levin says the July 1 worship service will fill the sanctuary with smoke of burning marijuana, while U.S. News reports the service will offer a bold test of the new religious freedom law's ban on government burdens on the free exercise of religion.
The First Church of Cannabis' Facebook page explains that members of the church believe that marijuana is a holy sacrament:
It brings us closer to ourselves and others. It is our fountain of health, our love, curing us from illness and depression. We embrace it with our whole heart and spirit, individually and as a group.
According to attorney Abdul-Hakim Shabazz “as long as you can show that reefer is part of your religious practices” you should be legally protected under Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act:
What ‘compelling interest' would the state of Indiana have to prohibit me from using marijuana as part of my religious practice? I would argue marijuana is less dangerous than alcohol and wine used in religious ceremonies. Marijuana isn't any more ‘addictive' than alcohol and wine is used in some religious ceremonies. And marijuana isn't any more of a ‘gateway' drug than the wine used in a religious ceremony will make you go out any buy hard liquor. (At least not on Sunday.)
Indiana isn't the only state where individuals are flirting with the idea of a legal justification for the use of cannabis based on religious grounds. In Texas, a Republican lawmaker is making the “Christian case” for cannabis.
Texas state legislator David Simpson claims marijuana “comes from God,” and their bill that would legalize marijuana based on religious grounds was approved last week by a Texas House committee.
Bottom line: While the First Church of Cannabis and the pending legislation in Texas are interesting experiments in liberty, people should be free to smoke marijuana for medicinal or recreational purposes without joining a church or making appeals to some non-existent deity.
A Poetry Slam is a competitive event where poets perform their own poetry on stage. Performances are judged on how much the poem moves the audience.
During open slams, poets perform one piece of original work that will be scored 1-10 by five different judges, dropping the lowest and highest score. Before the first competing poet, there is a ‘sacrificial poet', who performs to warm up the judges scoring. After the first round, low scores are eliminated and the top few poets slam again. Eventually, two poets are left in the finals.
Slam poets pour their hearts and souls on stage while communicating their deepest thoughts. Some slams are powerful enough to change perspectives and they never fail to include a line or two that gives you goosebumps.
There are many styles of slam poets ranging from “ranting hipsters, freestyle rappers, bohemian drifters, proto-comedians, mystical shamans to gothy punks” as described by Slam master, Cristin O'Keefe Aptowicz. You never hear the same poem twice or the same side of an issue.
So, what does it take to be a slam poet? One thing and one thing only: honest expression. Express your emotions, express your thoughts, and express the glimpses of your life your willing to share.
Helpful Slam Tips
You don't need to rhyme words as much. In a slam poetry the pauses and pronunciations of your words create the rhythm and that rhythm creates poetry.
Be fully honest with yourself. Get down to the core of your emotions, even the little things you might not want to except. Poetry is a strong catalyst for self-awareness.
Some slams are more like raps while others are more like speeches; it's all how you feel and what your mind, heart, and body is artfully expressing.
A poet leaks part of their soul into a book, words brimming with life,
Vibrant and alive,
Trying to speak but sealed between pages never to depart
But still waiting to arrive Waiting to be told , because every time we write these words
we hear how they want to be spoken, And when we speak them, They create a symphony of expression
Our souls compose and ours lyrics are our lessons See when you slam,
Your mind becomes a storyteller,
Your body a dancer,
And your heart a jazz musician,
All trying to communicate the messages of your soul
Sharing that symphony with someone is something to behold.
Some Amazing Slam Poems
“For Those Who Can Still Ride An Airplane For The First Time”– Anis Mojgani
“The Anti-Love Love Poem” – Joanna Hoffman
“Ohm” – Saul Williams
“A Salm Ov Regret and Psalvayshun” – Marty Schoenleber III
“Go Ahead Open It” – Michael O'Connell
“Cotton in the Air” – Derrick Brown
Let's go HEthens and get a Slam thread going below — I'll kick it off! I'm excited to see what kind of unique slams you guys can come up with!
HETHEN SLAM POETRY THREAD
The CFL has parted ways with two prominent contributors to its website.
3DownNation deputy editor and Sportsnet contributor Justin Dunk as well as Riders play-by-play man Rod Pedersen have both been informed their content will no longer be posted on the league's site. Dunk provided quarterback rankings, feature pieces and was the backbone of the site's draft coverage while Pedersen wrote a weekly column on the Roughriders. Both were paid on a freelance basis and had verbal commitments that their work would be published for the duration of the season.
Dunk's reporting of the roster violations in Saskatchewan on 3DownNation and other stories he's broken this season were drawing complaints from clubs around the league. Their status as a full-time employee of Sportsnet, the main rival to league rights holder TSN, was also a source of tension. During the last two CFL Drafts, their live Tweeting of the picks before they were announced by the league on TSN, caused quite a stir.
As for Pedersen. their assertion there is a CFL-led conspiracy and witch hunt against the Riders – which they espoused both on Twitter and on their popular blog – was enough to get them removed from the league's official online vehicle (he still writes for the Riders team site.) He's also been critical of CFL commissioner Jeffery Orridge on multiple occasions.
Is there a conspiracy against us? — Rod Pedersen (@rodpedersen) August 14, 2016
While CFL's decision is understandable on some level, the decision to purge a well-respected insider and a popular commentator is an indication that it's only interested in fluffy, good news pieces while avoiding potentially newsworthy or controversial issues the league and teams may be facing. It certainly sends a message to other contributors employed by the site that there could be consequences for coverage that could be perceived as critical. Other North American professional sports leagues, including the NFL, NHL and MLB, employ professional journalists and commentators to cover the league with a significant degree of independence.
“We thank Justin and Rod for their contributions and wish them well in the future,” said a CFL director of communications Paulo Senra. “We have nothing further to say at this time.”
Of course, Pedersen has their own platform – several actually – and Dunk's content will remain a fixture on 3DownNation for the foreseeable future. The CFL may shy away from breaking news, analysis and controversy but we certainly won't.
While the hype may have faded a bit, 2015 was still a busy year for bitcoin. Venture capital investments topped $1 billion for the first time. People are finding it easier to invest in the digital currency, thanks to the debut of firms such as Bitcoin Investment Trust. Big financial companies—Nasdaq, American Express and Visa— invested in bitcoin startups, “a game changer in terms of attitude towards the technology,” said Gil Luria, an analyst at Wedbush Securities.
So what's in store for 2016? We'll probably see the first bitcoin company valued at more than $1 billion, a self-imposed slowdown in new bitcoin production (which will put some miners out of business) and more financial institutions embracing the currency and its technology. The main unknowns are the price, consumer adoption and—as always—the real identity of bitcoin's creator, Satoshi Nakamoto. This all comes as bitcoin trades near year-highs, at around $438 on Friday.
“Should be a revealing year for Bitcoin,” Tim Draper, a venture capitalist who's bought bitcoins and invested in related startups, wrote in an e-mail. “I expect some of the consumer applications to come to light. I expect the US government to finally recognize Bitcoin as a currency. I expect to hear of the first Bitcoin unicorn (Coinbase maybe).”
Here are some of the developments seen for bitcoin in 2016:
Bitcoin Halving
New bitcoins are generated all the time, when operators of number-crunching computers called miners solve complex equations and record every transaction. The number of bitcoins that can be generated, however, is limited by design in the digital currency's underlying software. Once every four years, the number of bitcoins that miners can harvest every 10 minutes is cut in half. Summer 2016 marks four years since the last halving, with the cap set to drop to 12.5 bitcoins every 10 minutes. That's bad news for some miners, especially those with older machines. “They are just going gangbusters and trying to mine as much as possible,” said Bobby Lee, CEO of Chinese bitcoin exchange and mining pool BTCC. With fewer new bitcoins floating around, the price of the virtual currency could climb in value, they said.
Block Size
Data in the bitcoin network is stored in chunks called blocks. The problem is, some worry that as more people use and buy bitcoin, the network will run into bottlenecks and dramatically slow down. Some propose changing the block size to solve the problem. “One of the most important things I'd like to see happen is consensus from all the parties involved in bitcoin on how we should move forward,” said Charlie Lee, Bobby's brother as well as director of engineering at Coinbase and creator of bitcoin rival Litecoin.
Financial Industry
Barry Silbert, whose company runs Bitcoin Investment Trust, recently predicted that Wall Street will begin to trade bitcoin, according to a participant at a private investor event. Traditional banks, which have long stayed away from bitcoin startups, will begin to work with these companies, they said.
Financial firms will also continue to look at the blockchain, bitcoin's underlying technology, to use in secure transactions. While they may not directly use bitcoin, a blockchain could help verify any financial transaction, from a share trade to a bond coupon payment. R3, a startup, has gathered 30 banks including Citigroup and Bank of America to develop standards and a technology the financial institutions could use. It hopes to unveil initial results next year, said R3 spokesperson Charley Cooper.
At the same time, more institutional investors may start trading bitcoin. “As an ecosystem, we've only just begun to scratch the surface of institutional involvement,” said Tyler Winklevoss, an investor in bitcoin exchange Gemini.
Startup Busts
With hundreds of bitcoin companies vying for business, there won't be enough money to go around. More bitcoin startups could merge or go out of business, Silbert predicted.
One cause for that will probably be the lower-than-anticipated pace of consumer bitcoin adoption. Sharp swings in the digital money's value against the dollar and other currencies will continue to turn off users and make bitcoin impractical for everyday purchases.
©2015 Bloomberg News
Deeply embedded in the battle for land and pastoral hegemony, the first genocide of the 20th century—Namibia's Herero and Nama tribes by the Germans—continues to escape public scrutiny
Even the pope got it wrong on this one. On April 11, 2015, Pope Francis recalled the widespread massacres of the Armenians by the Ottoman Empire during the Great War by calling it “the first genocide of the 20th Century”. A week later, Anglo-Nigerian historian, David Olusoga, writing for The Guardian, pointed out that the pope's description was simply incorrect. That grim distinction belongs to the genocide that imperial Germany unleashed a decade earlier on the ethnic tribes, Herero and Nama, in the former colony of South West Africa, today's Namibia.
That genocide resulted in the systematic extermination of 110,000 Herero and Nama tribal people. The German government, after 112 years, is only now beginning to acknowledge the “genocide”. A Transnational Congress on Genocide—organised by the Ovaherero and Ovambanderu Genocide Foundation along with German non-profits—took place in Berlin on October 14-15 this year. But Germany has so far refused to consider any reparation.
Genesis of the genocide
Though the Namibian coast was visited by many European explorers since the 15th and 18th centuries, they did not colonise it because the coastal desert—the Namib—acted as a deterrent. Instead, they headed north (Portuguese Angola) and south (the Anglo-Dutch Cape Colony). In 1883, a German trader, Adolf Lüderitz, bought the coast from the then Nama chief, Josef Frederiks II and named it after himself. A year later, they sold the coast to the Imperial German State under Otto von Bismarck, who proclaimed it a German protectorate, and renamed it the German South West Africa.
The colony soon began attracting large numbers of German settlers, who were farmers and diamond and copper prospectors. Benjamin Madley, a scholar and historian at the University of California, Los Angeles, says acquisition of land was central to the German colonial agenda, and it was an important motive for the German genocides of the Herero and Nama tribes.
Says Madley: “For example, in 1889, the German colonial military commander, Curt von François, warned, ‘That the natives (have) a right to the land...cannot be contested by talk, but only with the barrel of a gun'.” They also refer to Theodore Leutwein, the colonial governor who emphasised in the years after Francois' statement that “the whole future of the colony lies in the graduate transfer of the land from the hands of the workshy natives to white hands”.
Madley also gives details of a “Commissioner for Settlement” that forced native tribes to withdraw from the pasture lands to allow whites to takeover lands. Killing Herero and Nama tribes, adds Madley, facilitated these clearly articulated goals.
Tactics and suppression
Relations between the Germans and the local tribes began to deteriorate as the settlers grabbed land and livestock, which were the prized possessions of the tribes. Soon revolts began. In January 1904, the GermanHerero Wars began. On August 11, 1904, Lieutenant General Lothar von Trotha and their soldiers defeated the Herero warriors on the plateau of Waterberg.
As the Herero people fled into the desert, Trotha ordered their troops to shoot at sight anyone who attempted to escape. The troops even poisoned waterbodies. In October the same year, when the Nama tribe rebelled, they too were dealt in a similar way.
Those who survived the wars were imprisoned and sent to an even darker destination—the Shark Island, a small islet in the bay of Lüderitz, where the Germans had set up a concentration camp. Untold atrocities took place there—slave labour, sexual slavery, eugenics experiments and death from starvation and cold. When Germany was defeated in World War I, the camp was closed down. But by then, 80 per cent of the Herero people and 50 per cent of the Nama people had been killed.
The genocide, however, was covered up till recently. The German government, in connivance with the White South African Apartheid Regime—that ruled Namibia till 1990—did everything in their power to suppress any information about the genocide. The Blue Book, which catalogued information about atrocities committed by Germany against the Herero and Nama people was banned, says advocate Vekuii Rukoro, current chief of the Herero people.
Today, the Namibia genocide narrative is stuck: should the Germans pay and compensate the Herero and Nama tribes? “Our culture and traditions stand destroyed. We were dispossessed of our lands and other forms of wealth by force, and we were never compensated for our losses,” says Ngondi Kamatuka of the Kansas-based Association of the Ovaherero Genocide.
The Herero people continue to eke out a living on barren and marginal lands, while the German settlers still enjoy their ill-gotten wealth. Namibia today has one of the worst income distribution rates in the world, with the majority of the Herero and Nama people living on less than US $2 a day. This institutionalised poverty is historical and its origin is the dispossession of land and pastures of the tribes, says Kamatuka.
When Namibia got independence in 1990, some 45 per cent of the total land area and 74 per cent of the potentially arable land was owned by less than 4,100 people, mainly white German descendants. Of the 4,000-odd commercial farms in the country, more than 3,000 of them are still in the hands of the whites. Worse, the Herero and Nama tribes are now engaged in a bitter spat with the Namibian government, which is conducting negotiations with Germany on the cost of reparations. The talks are to end in September 2017.
In the midst of all the political wrangling, what would provide a final closure to the descendants of the genocide? Mari Serberov, an American journalist and author of Mama Namibia, offers an answer. “When Germany finally admits to the Herero and Nama people that what it did a century ago was unequivocally a genocide, it must at last recognise their humanity, their identity as a people and their right to exist as equals on this earth. Only then can the healing begin.”
A remarkable collection of work was received from artists across the US. All but three of the 91 cups received have sold. Some have generated commissions already. What a valuable way to support a charity AND the handmade work of a professional artist. Please see THE POTTERS page for a link to each artist's website and more of their stunning work.
Gary Jackson, IL Deborah Lecce, NY Susan Messer McBride, IL Gary Jackson, IL Hayley Douglas, SC Lisa Harris, IL Kathryn Roszko, MA Emily Pavlides, ME Nancy Jana Kent, IL Elaine Fuller, ME Sarah Shaw, IN Kathleen King, ME Gary Jackson, IL Greg Aubin, MA Heather Abt, ME Nancy Gorman, IL Gary Jackson, IL Eli Wilson, WI Kate Biderbost, IL Clare Rogers, ME Kathleen King, ME Kristen Kieffer, MA Anne Littlefield, ME Jaye Pope, MA Pam Kinsmith & Greg Aubin, MA Marian Castro-Palanyk, IL Lester Arguelles, IL Cassandra Dieters, IL Anne Littlefield, ME Lisa Ingram, GA John Britt, NC Katie Penwarden, VT Kathryn Roszko, MA Scott Cooper, IN Katie Penwarden, VT Jaye Pope, MA Caren Helm, VT Greg Aubin, MA E.M. Smith, MA Charlie Parker, FL Caren Helm, VT Jaye Pope, MA David Hill, TX Charlie Parker, FL Caren Helm, VT Malea Rhodes, MA Charlie Parker, FL Nancy Grenard, IN Mary Kirk, NC Malea Rhodes, MA Dawn Fessenden, MA Terry Parker, AZ Stephen Wolochowicz, UT Sam Brown, NV Tiffany Hilton, MA Sam Brown, NV Robert Alewine, TN Steve Acoba, IL Jackie Sedlock, VT Adam August, IL Nancy Gorman, IL Molly Cantor, MA Lorraine Bauman, NH Maya Machin, MA Caren Helm & Katie Penwarden, VT Pam Kinsmith & Greg Aubin, MA
Advertisements
When I added Tesco to the UKVI model portfolio in mid-2012 the company was still riding high, having produced an amazing run of rapid and consistent growth over the previous decade.
Even the financial crisis seemed powerless to stop Tesco's march towards global domination.
Despite this success, in mid-2012 its share price had fallen back to levels last seen in the depths of the financial crisis and first seen in 2005, when the company was literally half its 2012 size.
As a result the dividend yield was very enticing at 4.9%, especially given the company's historic dividend growth rate of almost 10% per year.
The share price in mid-2012 was low following a dramatic near-20% decline in early January, which came as a reaction to a disappointing Christmas trading statement.
It was becoming increasingly obvious that some of the company's international expansion efforts of recent years were not working, while the core UK business was coming under increasing price competition in a tough post-financial crisis world.
At the time I thought it likely that Tesco would easily cope with these issues, but I was wrong. The company's fortunes went from bad to worse as Tesco became a classic value trap, as shown in the share price chart below.
Although I have continued to hold Tesco through this rocky period I have now decided to sell up and move on, largely because the company failed to pay a dividend for the 2015/16 financial year.
One of my most basic requirements is that all holdings in the model portfolio must have a ten-year unbroken track record of dividend payments. Tesco no longer meets that criteria so it is no longer a suitable investment for the portfolio.
I have therefore removed Tesco from the model portfolio and my personal portfolio this morning, giving the following final results from this investment:
Purchase price: 301p on 11/06/2012
301p on 11/06/2012 Sale price: 159p on 06/05/2016
159p on 06/05/2016 Holding period: 2 Years 11 months
2 Years 11 months Capital gain: – 48.2%
– 48.2% Dividend income: 10.1%
10.1% Annualised return: -12.6%
Obviously losing money on an investment is not ideal, but it is important for investors to be aware that occasional losses are inevitable.
As long as you have a diverse portfolio (the Tesco holding was about 3.5% of the portfolio at the time of purchase) and as long as winning investments far outweigh losing investments (the record so far for the model portfolio is 20 winners and 2 losers including Tesco), there should be nothing to worry about.
Rather than crying over spilt milk, it is far more important to learn from every loss in order to improve your stock selection process and your portfolio's future performance.
So in the rest of this article I'll outline why I bought Tesco, what I've learned and why the Tesco of mid-2012 would never make it past the stock selection criteria that I use today.
Buying what appeared to be “God almighty”
As usual, when I bought Tesco I was on the lookout for a company with a long and consistent record of dividend growth supported by revenues and earnings growth as well. Tesco fit that description admirably, to the point where Charlie Munger (Warren Buffett's business partner) called it “God almighty in England”.
Although I doubt Tesco's status as a deity, the company was successful enough for Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway to have been an investor since 2006, eventually going on to become Tesco's largest single shareholder. The chart below clearly demonstrates Tesco's impressive history of success.
To some extent the consistency of Tesco's results is understandable; after all it's a supermarket, and few businesses are more defensive than a mature supermarket which is deeply ingrained into the physical and mental lives of the local population.
However, it was the speed of Tesco's growth which most impressive me, especially given its already massive scale in the UK. There are many theories about why Tesco became so dominant, with my own being its early and aggressive use of a loyalty card scheme, but whatever the underlying drivers, the results spoke for themselves.
Despite its successful past, at the time of purchase the company was struggling, having recently announced its first profits warning in 20 years. For a value investor this is entirely normal, and the lower share price gave a more attractive entry point, as shown by the company's key stats in the table below.
The quality and profitability score are N/A (not applicable) because they didn't exist in mid-2012. I didn't start using the quality score (a measure of financial consistency) until September 2012 and it took me until November 2014 to add profitability to the UKVI stock screen.
However, going by the metrics I did use at the time, Tesco was clearly an above average company trading at a below average price. It's problems seemed to be relatively minor and run of the mill, so I decided to join Warren Buffett as a Tesco shareholder by adding it to the model portfolio and my personal portfolio.
Holding on while Tesco fell apart
Having bought Tesco in a tough economic environment where shoppers were tightening their belts, I expected a relatively subdued future for Tesco, at least in the medium-term.
Beyond that I thought the most likely outcome was that the economy and the company would get going again at some point, and its international expansion would continue. To begin with, that's more or less what happened.
Through the rest of 2012 and 2013 Tesco's existing growth-focused strategy remained largely in place, although growth expectations were watered down to around 5% per year.
The company's weaker businesses in the US and Japan were ditched and more than 100 sites which had been due for development were mothballed. Tesco was focusing on capital discipline, cost cutting and refurbishing existing stores rather than opening new ones, and that seemed entirely sensible.
In 2014 sales and profits started to fall. However, the CEO's statements continued to be upbeat, stating that the company's foundations had been strengthened as Tesco prepared to lead the industry through this period of transition to lower prices and more online shopping.
Gradually though, the news began to carry more and more stories about how Aldi and Lidl were taking massive chunks out of the Big Four supermarkets (Tesco, Sainsbury, Morrison, Asda).
The prolonged recession-like conditions of the post-financial crisis world gave shoppers more time and less money because they were working fewer hours.
The combination of more free time and less money led millions of shoppers to realised that they were better off spending more time picking and choosing which shops to buy from in order to get their groceries at the lowest possible price, even if that meant multiple trips to multiple supermarkets.
This left Tesco's previous strategy of targeting weekly or monthly “big shops” in massive superstores completely out of step with the frequent, local, smaller shops that more and more shoppers were actually doing.
By July 2014 both the CFO and the CEO had ‘resigned' and in September news emerged of a £250m overstatement of recent profits.
In October the dividend was cut by 75% as management announced that the company's future performance was uncertain. In January 2015 the dividend was cancelled and has yet to be reinstated.
The chart below shows just how dramatically the company's results collapsed.
The critically important post-sale autopsy
The scale of Tesco's problems became obvious (to me at least, and at last) during 2014 and at that point I began trying to understand what went wrong.
Eventually I decided there were three main problems with Tesco which were visible in mid-2012:
Problem 1: Mediocre profitability and pricing power
Most people don't really care if they shop at Tesco or at one of its competitors. As long as the store is close by and nice enough, the queues at the checkout aren't too long and the prices are good, that's all that matters.
As a result Tesco has little ability to set prices where it wants. Instead it has to set prices more or less in line with its major competitors which means it can only generate fairly average profits.
If a competitor works out how to sell at a lower price (think Aldi and Lidl) and if consumer tastes change so that price is the most important factor (as it has for a large portion of Tesco's customers in recent years), then those who are not the lowest cost provider (i.e. Tesco) are going to either lose a lot of customers or have to lower prices drastically.
Both of those are of course very bad for profits and that's more or less what happened to Tesco.
I don't mind investing in companies with mediocre profitability, but the additional risk that come with weak pricing power has to be offset with a lower purchase price.
To allow profitability to be taken into account I added a profitability score to the UKVI stock screen in November 2014.
Tesco's profitability score of 9.3% in 2012 was below average, but it wouldn't have broken my rule of thumb for profitability:
Rule of thumb: Only invest in companies where the profitability score is above 7%
However, if the stock screen had included that profitability score in mid-2012 then a lower price than the 301p I paid would have been required for the stock to rank highly on the screen (and therefore to have been a potential candidate for investment).
I don't know what price would have been attractive, but if it was below 280p then it would have been mid-2014 before the price fell that low. By that stage the CEO and CFO had already left and as a result Tesco would probably have never made it into the portfolio.
Problem 2: Large financial obligations
Another problem for Tesco was its relatively extensive use of debt. This wasn't flagged as a problem when I bought the shares in 2012 because although I used a debt ratio at the time, it was more liberal than the one I use today.
After a spate of debt-related issues with portfolio holdings in 2014 (of which Tesco was one) I changed the debt ratio to its current, more conservative incarnation, including this rule of thumb:
Rule of thumb: Only invest in defensive sector companies if the debt ratio is below five
If I had been using the post-2014 debt ratio in 2012 then Tesco would have had a debt ratio of 5.3 (the ratio of total borrowings to five-year average profits), which breaks my debt rule of thumb. On that basis it's unlikely I would have invested in Tesco in mid-2012.
Tesco also has a relatively large and growing defined benefit pension scheme, which is something else I look at today but didn't look at in 2012. At £8 billion in 2012, it came to 3.6-times the company's five-year average profits, giving it a pension ratio of 3.6. My rules of thumb for pensions are:
Rule of thumb: Only invest in a company if its pension ratio is below 10
Rule of thumb: only invest in a company if the sum of its debt and pension ratios is below 10
Tesco's pension liabilities wouldn't have broken any rules of thumb, but combined with the company's high debts it would certainly have made me think twice (its debt and pension ratios sum to 8.9, which is almost as much as I'm willing to stomach).
Problem 3: Large capital expenditure requirements
The final nail in Tesco's coffin is that it consistently makes very large capital expenditures for things like property and equipment. This is also something I didn't look at in 2012, but now I use the following rule of thumb:
Rule of thumb: Be wary of companies that consistently spend more on capex than they make in profits
The reason is partly that capex-heavy companies tend to have higher fixed costs which can lead to substantial profit declines, even if sales fall only slightly (just look at Tesco's financial results above for an example).
If that capex rule of thumb had been in place in 2012 then Tesco would never have made it into the model portfolio as its total capex in the decade to 2012 came to 170% of total profits. High capex requirements alone aren't necessarily a reason to not invest Tesco , but combined with high debts and weak profitability, I think it was; at least for the model portfolio.
So Tesco was a value trap and of course it's disappointing to lose money on an investment, but I would say two things:
1) Occasional losses are inevitable and should not cause too much distress, as long as they are small and occasional;
2) My stock selection process is better today than it was in 2012 largely because of this investment in Tesco. To some extent bad investments are actually necessary in order to drive improvements in the stock selection process, as long as they are massively outweighed by good investments in the long-run.
Given these lessons and their related improvements, I am confident that a low profitability, high debt and high capex company would never make it past the stock selection process that I use today.
So at least I have that to thank Tesco for.
Note: You can read the full pre-purchase review of Tesco in the June 2012 issue of UK Value Investor (or the Defensive Value Report, as it was briefly known) here (pdf).
A disrobed Maryland judge who ordered a bailiff to remotely shock a defendant in court with a 50,000-volt charge is now being sued on allegations of civil rights violations. While facing a weapons charge, the defendant was acting as their own attorney when then-Charles County Circuit Court Judge Robert Nalley ordered a deputy to remotely engage the man's ankle-bound "stun cuffs" for about five seconds.
Further Reading Judge who ordered man to be shocked must take anger management classes
Courtroom video shows Delvon King—who despite the judge's orders won't stop talking—falling to the ground and screaming in pain during a hearing about what questions should be submitted to prospective jurors. According to the video of the 2014 episode, the judge told the courtroom deputy, "Mr. Sheriff do it, use it."
King then hit the floor and screamed in agony, according to the video.
"All right we're gonna take five and I'll be back," the judge said before they left the courtroom. All the while, King was on the ground and moaning.
"During this proceeding, Defendant Nalley ordered a deputy sheriff to torture and electrocute Mr. King by activating the 'stun-cuff' Mr. King was wearing," according to the civil federal civil rights lawsuit (PDF) filed Monday. "Defendant Nalley was aware that Mr. King was wearing the stun-cuff and that the activation of same would cause complete incapacitation and extreme pain."
Stun cuffs are often used in courthouses and detention centers to reduce the risk of violence by prisoners and the degree of physical force needed by officers to control them. The cuffs are remotely activated with a transmitter and cost around $1,700. They are about the size of a deck of cards. Some models shock at 80,000 volts.
The authorities said King was wearing a stun cuff because they said they had fled from an earlier court proceeding.
"Mr. King presented no danger to Defendant Nalley or others present in the courtroom, made no aggressive movements or threatening statements, and posed no threat to himself, Defendant Nalley, or anyone in the courtroom," according to the suit. The suit, which seeks more than $5 million in damages, said King, "still suffers from panic attacks and severe anxiety."
Nalley, who pleaded guilty to civil rights violations in connection to King being shocked, was sentenced last year to a year of probation and was ordered to attend anger management classes. King, meanwhile, agreed to a two-year sentence on charges of having a loaded handgun during a police stop.
Listing image by YouTube
A good way to take the temperature of a changing economy is to look at what kinds of companies are going public. In 2012, initial public offering proceeds fell by almost a third, hammered by domestic slack, uncertainty in the Eurozone, the Chinese slowdown, and the flop of Facebook, the most-hyped IPO in recent memory. Last year, there were 257 American IPOs; so far this year, only 132. As a rule, only companies operating in hot sectors can confidently float public offerings these days. So, for example, as American housing comes back, homebuilder Taylor Morrison Home Corporation recently filed for a $250 million offering; on Friday, Silver Bay Realty Trust will stage a $300 million IPO. And despite the Facebook debacle, almost a third of this year's American offerings have been tech companies, with the lagging manufacturing sector accounting for just 12 deals.
American energy businesses accounted for 23 big deals this year. But not all of them were in drillers, natural gas, or oil. On Thursday, Elon Musk, the PayPal-founding, spacefaring South Africa–born entrepreneur, took their green-energy company, SolarCity, public, raising $141 million in a much-buzzed debut. Solar companies haven't always done well—just mention Solyndra, and people start running for the doors. But Musk bucked the trend. SolarCity's stock closed 47 percent above its initial $8-a-share offering price. That makes the already-rich Musk even richer. According to investment filings, the entrepreneur owned 31 percent of SolarCity going into the IPO: at $8 a share, those shares would have been worth about $151 million. Now, their stake is worth at least $220 million.
SolarCity had a few things going for it. First, it isn't in the manufacturing business; it helps other companies finance and install solar panels, and then sells them the energy the panels produce through power-purchase-agreements. Then there's the star power of Musk himself, who also helms Tesla Motors, the electric-car manufacturer that's seen its stock rise more than 20 percent this year alone. Oh, and they put the first private rocketship in space and served as Jon Favreau's inspiration for Tony Stark in the Iron Man film series.
But the newfound success of cleantech standouts like Tesla and SolarCity also has a lot to do with how Silicon Valley stars are shaking up yet another market, this time with the help of the federal government. Guys like Musk—who cut their teeth in the dotcom Wild West, won the freewheeling '90s, and made a heap of money—are now looking for bigger projects than pet social networks and iPhone apps. They want to change the world.
Elon Musk turned over PayPal to Ebay for $1.5 billion in 2002, walking away with more than $170 million for himself. Now, they and other venture gurus are turning their capital toward big, global, social-minded projects, starting with energy. These types of businesses pose a different challenge. You can't just sit down with 15 bright MIT grads, come up with some ingenious photo-filters —or an online pinboard for sharing recipes and pictures of shoes—and sell it for a billion dollars a year later. Getting solar, wind, or wave power to work requires marrying smart technology to often-finicky government policy.
It's not enough just to develop a cool electric car, or to come up with a smart way to roll out solar panels.
The business models of electric-car companies, solar-panel financiers, and alternative-fuel producers rely in large measure on the welter of state and federal subsidies, tax credits, and incentives. And so, the post-boom, save-the-world crowd has to start filing the right applications for subsidies, talking to zoning lawyers, and sitting down with gray-haired officials. The disrupters have to team up with the bureaucrats. SolarCity's innovation isn't in producing power; it's in threading the needle of regulatory systems to devise a profitable method of financing the installation of solar panels.
Musk isn't the only one doing it. There's Vinod Khosla, the Indian-born founder of Sun Microsystems, who has pumped more than a billion dollars into cleantech businesses, from bioplastics to wind to solar. Many of them would be unviable without government support.
The problem for these companies, and for their investors, is that public policy can change rapidly. The wind industry lives and dies with the expiration of the temporary wind energy tax production credit, which is set to expire at the end of 2012. Electric-car makers are getting a boost from new regulations mandating greater fuel efficiency. But a President Rubio, acting with a Republican Congress in 2016, could easily change those. And that would upset plenty of business models.
That's the question with Musk's enterprises. SpaceX, their private spaceflight business, recently made a trip to the International Space Station: the crowning achievement of government-managed global aeronautics. Closer to home, Musk is planning another IPO coup. On Wednesday, they tweeted, “SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public.” When—and how well—will have as much to do with stodgy feds as it does with the dynamic market.
The wait is finally over, folks! According to a tweet from Elon Musk, on Sunday, July 2 we will finally…find out the Model 3's release date. Okay, so we'll still have to wait a little bit for the actual release. And we still have to wait a couple days for the release date. But…the wait for the wait is almost finally over! Almost!
We've known for some time that Tesla was planning to unveil the final production version of the Model 3 in July and that the configurator would go up some time near the end of July with limited options available. And we must be getting close to release, because we've been seeing pictures of release candidates with new revelations almost every day lately. And just today, in response to a fan's desperate-sounding tweet (“please have mercy. I don't care if you say July 31st – but the speculation on Model 3 final release date has to stop”), Elon finally confirmed the date…of the date he'll announce the Model 3 release date. Maybe. Or at least there will be some sort of news. On Sunday:
News on Sunday — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 30, 2017
Will we get a configurator? Will we see the final production version of the car? When will deliveries start? When will non-employee deliveries start? Hopefully Musk will “have mercy” and answer all these questions for us….on Sunday.
(Congratulations, member of the modern internet media, you've managed to turn a three-word tweet into a 241-word article. Pulitzer Prize, here we come!)
EUGENE, Ore. - Police in Eugene said Wednesday they will charge four juveniles in a fire that destroyed Civic Stadium.
The Monday evening fire burned the historic wooden stadium to the ground. No one was injured.
Police said the children were between 10 and 12 years old and were from Eugene. A tip led police to identify the juveniles.
Police said the fire was not related to fireworks, and they said the charges the children face will be detailed during a Thursday morning news conference in Eugene.
Police are not releasing the names of the children because they are minors.
On Tuesday, police said they wanted to question three to four young people spotted in the stadium's press box just before the fire broke out. It is unknown if they are the same children who face charges.
We're on a roll this week, and it's only Monday! Yesterday Chris Saylor introduced Mongounit. Today I am going to show you another open source project we've written called Middleman.js
Middleman is a javascript library that can be used in a browser or as a node.js module. It allows you to hook into the execution of any function to apply prefiltering to that function's arguments; globally change the function's execution context; pipe that function's arguments to several others; or, overload the function to behave differently. It does all this for you seamlessly, so you can simply call the original function as you normally would.
Example
For a practical example we need to start with some assumptions: You have a new mobile project that communicates with a RESTful server API. After a few weeks of development some project requirements change and now every ajax url must start with /api .
You don't want to manually find every ajax call in the project and prepend the url strings with /api . You don't want to force your team to remember to do this as you develop. You want to implement this new requirement as seamlessly as possible.
jQuery's powerful ajax methods are well known, but let's say you're working with a more simplified library like Zepto.js which was built for mobile. Middleman.js can solve this problem with just a few lines:
Seamless
You can call $.ajax as you normally would. The filter method will be executed first, and the array args that is returned by the filter method will be passed to the original $.ajax method as parameters.
Object references are passed by value in Javascript, which is why you don't see me doing anything with the ajaxSettings variable after I've modified it's url property. See this for more details.
Context
In the previous example, Middleman will use the lib object for context when executing the ajax method (in this case Zepto.js). However, Middleman can also take an optional context parameter that will be used instead, like this:
Notice that the context of the stringify method became Array . Had I passed context : Object, instead, the output would have been [object Array] instead of a,b,c,d . You've probably seen this kind of behavior in other popular libraries like Underscore.js's _.bind method.
Final word
Currently there is no way to disable Middleman's meddling once you've called the map function. We're planning to incorporate an internal registery in a future release that will allow you to inspect the Middleman object to see what methods have been overloaded, and also make it easy for Middleman to flip it's filters on or off at a granular level.
Meizu MX5 Launched in India at Rs 19,999: All That You Need to Know News oi-Vigneshwar
Meizu Technology India just added yet another smartphone under the label Meizu MX5 today. Initially launched in China, few months back this device boasts premium metal body with sleek look. Further, this device comes with the mTouch 2.0 technology fingerprint sensor along with the mPay wallet feature.
Meizu MX5 - Key Specifications
Speaking of the display, the Meizu MX5 sports a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED full HD display with a resolution of 1080x1920 pixels, which is translated to 401ppi.
SEE ALSO: GizBot Giveaway: We're Are Giving Away 25 OnePlus 2 Invites!
Further, it is powered by a 2.2GHz 64-bit MediaTek Octa-Core processor along with PowerVR G6200 GPU, besides 3GB RAM running under the hood.
Meizu comes with a thickness of 7.6mm and weighs around 149grams.Talking of the memory, the MX5 comes with a 16GB/32GB/64GB of built-in memory, with an expansion option of up to 128GB via microSD card slot. According to the company, performance has been boosted by 25% when compared to its predecessor.
The phone features 20.7MP rear camera with a Sony sensor which is capable of recording 2160p video recording, laser autofocus which helps in camera to focus in 0.2 seconds and a 5MP front camera with 1080p video recording.
Also, the FotoNation 2.0 intelligent beautification is now included in combination with the already existing Face AE facial exposure strengthening technology.
SEE ALSO: IFA 2015: 10 Big Gadget Launches to Expect!
MX5 is equipped with a brand-new fingerprint identification system: mTouch 2.0. The new fingerprint sensor makes identification faster and the appearance smoother and elegant. The whole process only last 0.48s.
Further, the MX5 supports 4G LTE connectivity, Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi and more. In terms of software, the MX5 will be shipped with Android 5.0 on top of FlymeOS. This device is powered by a high capacity 3150mAh battery on board.
The Meizu MX5 comes at a price of Rs. 19,999 and will be available on the e-commerce store Snapdeal
“Hello, you look beautiful today.” — How did white women become the most oppressed people in America?
The last few days a video has been making the rounds which claims to show a woman experiencing “street harassment” 100 times in 10 hours on the streets of New York City. It has been posted, reposted, blogged about, argued over. Some men have claimed it's not that big of a deal, some women have claimed that the male perspective is invalid because they could never possibly imagine what it feels like.
Here's the thing — it doesn't matter your gender, it's clear that harassment is definitely a bad thing. On the street, or anywhere. No one should feel like it's okay to shout sexually explicit or threatening things at another person. And really, no one should have to experience that. But, by definition, someone says “hi” to another person on the street isn't “harassment”. Go look up the word, I'll wait here.
It doesn't matter if the person saying hi is only saying so because they find the other person attractive, or even if ten other people said hi beforehand. It still doesn't meet the definition of harassment.
What's been most surprising to me, is most of the stories I've read have accepted outright that the video shows harassment. That idea isn't even questioned in the slightest. It is taken as fact that the mere act of communicating with someone else on the street qualifies as harassment. I have seen it labeled as a type of oppression, that fighting against it is fighting for liberation, that it dehumanizes and objectifies women. This seems a bit dramatic to me. I should let you know that have been known to speak exclusively in hyperbole, so when I am criticizing someone's verbal flourishes, realize that it carries a bit of weight.
I'm going to say something controversial that really shouldn't be: “Hi, how are you doing today?” is not the same as “Hey, nice ass!” Mistaking it as such is the liberal equivalent to a conservative Baptist equating dancing with sex. It's an extremist interpretation of reality, based on fear, that completely subverts the intellect, and makes rational discussion impossible. It takes an extraordinary amount of privilege to even begin to make this mistake. Don't believe me? Go explain to a child soldier in Africa, or a woman being stoned to death in the Middle East that you feel persecuted when someone says hi to you in public. Let me know what they say.
Somehow, an attractive, middle-class white woman walking through the streets of New York is being heralded as the poster child for oppression in the world.
I'm sorry. No.
Not even a little bit.
Middle-class white women are not the most oppressed people on the planet. They're not the most oppressed people in America. Hell, they're not even the most oppressed people in that video. If you want to see oppression, go find one of the black men sitting on a stoop and have them walk around in their neighborhood for ten hours with a go-pro. If they make it ten hours without being harassed by the police or arrested, it would probably be a miracle.
What has been heralded as a video that shows a tale of oppression, objectification, and dehumanization is exactly that. Only the star of the show isn't the one being dehumanized. Nearly everyone else in the video is. One of the funny things about oppression, is that the oppressed are almost never the stars of the show. They don't walk down the street confidently, camera pointed at them, being groveled at and begged for attention. Unless you believe that movie stars are the most oppressed people in the world, this should be obvious to you. This type of treatment is generally the explicit role of those with power. All they had to do was be filmed walking around the streets of New York for ten hours, and they are internationally famous. The subject of thousands of blog posts, hundreds of news articles, and heralded as an icon. Thousands of men and women have rushed to their side in support. You may not be surprised to find out that this is not the way the world works for the powerless.
Whether they realized it or not, that woman was the most powerful person in the video. Even if taken at face value, as a critique of sexism, the men are groveling at their feet. They ignore them, and the only recourse they have to defend their ego is to lash out. Aggression is the tool of the weak. It is the lowest form of power, practiced by those as a last ditch effort to save face and reclaim some tiny bit of power in the face of powerlessness. Is it right? No. But it is definitely not the preferred tool of the powerful.
If we set aside the story we're told, that this is a video about sexism, and look deeper at the video, a more insidious story unfolds. These are not simply men. They're poor men of color. The lowest value male that a middle-class white woman can imagine. These are, quite literally, the most oppressed people in the country, and they're being used as the villains in a narrative that has been played out over and over again throughout history. It's a racist story in which the oppressed are cast as the oppressors, and in which those with power convince themselves they are the victims so that they can rest easy knowing that when they attack they are justified.
When someone says hi to you and you ignore them, you are the one dehumanizing them. You do not see them as a person, but an object. An object that has been created out of and justified by fear. You do not see their humanity, you do not see their struggle, you do not see their background. You do not see a human being, you see nothing but a scary monster. That is what dehumanization looks like. It does not look like “hello” or “have a nice day”. It definitely does not look like “You are beautiful.”
Imagine for a moment that all of the men who spoke to them were tall, white, rich, high-value men in suits. If that were the case, this video would not exist. Because this isn't really about gender. It's about culture, class and race. It is thousands of privileged white women living in an echo chamber who have managed to convince themselves that they are the victims, supported by a legion of white-knight men who believe that they're the good guys, saving the damsels in distress from the brutish savages. It's a compelling story. It always has been. It was compelling when Americans used it as justification to lynch black men in the early 20th century, leaving them hanging from trees. It was compelling when it was used as an argument to outlaw marijuana, cocaine, and opium. All the product of moral panics that claimed minorities were raping white women and had to be stopped. It plays into our deepest fears, leaves us unable to think rationally, and gives us the moral justification we need to commit horrible atrocities.
It's the 21st century and this is still happening. And it's still considered valid. Even worse, it's being touted by the liberals — those who are supposed to think and question. But they're not thinking and questioning. They're so wrapped up in fear that they've inadvertently become the embodiment of nearly everything they claim to be against.
What is really being said in this video is “I believe that I am entitled to walk through a minority neighborhood in the most densely populated city in America and never be spoken to by males who I find to be of lower social value than myself.” And it isn't just the video that's saying this. It's the entire discussion about cat-calling.
It is wrong, and it is sexist. But more importantly it is racist, classist, xenophobic tripe, hiding behind the fact that hating men is completely socially acceptable. In the 21st century misandry has become justifiable, and even virtuous. We live in a world where it is accepted that all men are potential rapists, lower class men even more so — and as such, they are less than human, and little more than monsters which inhabit our worst nightmares. The mere utterance of a word from their lips, even the most innocuous of hellos is one the most heinous things we can imagine.
So watch the video again. Realize you're watching the objectification and dehumanization of actual thinking, feeling, living, breathing human beings. But the one in the middle is not the one being oppressed.
The problem isn't that too many people are saying “Hello, you look beautiful today.” It's that not enough are.
A group of French feminists have started protesting against inequality by wearing fake beards
A group of French feminists have come up with a new way to fight inequality – donning fake beards.
La Barbe, a Paris-based direct action feminist group, infiltrate high-level, male-dominated meetings.
During the meetings they rise to their feet, put on the beards, then read out ironic statements congratulating men on their supremacy.
The group includes women of various ages, united by a ‘determination to fight entrenched sexism'.
One member, Ilana Eliot, says the facial hair ridicules outdated male attitudes.
They say: ‘In the days of the Third Republic, all the great men used to wear big beards. That was the end of the 19th Century but not much has changed in the way many men behave and think in France.'
Recently they protested at the Cannes Film Festival after none of the 22 films selected for the official competition were directed by a woman.
‘Generally, feminist happenings are all about women,' says Colette Coffin, another member of La Barbe.
‘But we focus on men because the problem for us is not women, it's men.
‘Our idea is to create a mirror effect to show a male-dominated situation which highlights the invisibility of women.'
MORE WORLD NEWS
Geosmin is an organic compound with a distinct earthy flavor and aroma produced by certain bacteria, and is responsible for the earthy taste of beets and a contributor to the strong scent (petrichor) that occurs in the air when rain falls after a dry spell of weather or when soil is disturbed.[1] In chemical terms, it is a bicyclic alcohol with formula C 12 H 22 O , a derivative of decalin. Its name is derived from the Greek γεω- "earth" and ὀσμή "smell".
Production [ edit ]
Geosmin is produced by the gram-positive bacteria Streptomyces and various cyanobacteria, and released when these microorganisms die.[2][3][4] Communities whose water supplies depend on surface water can periodically experience episodes of unpleasant-tasting water when a sharp drop in the population of these bacteria releases geosmin into the local water supply. Under acidic conditions, geosmin decomposes into odorless substances.[5]
In 2006, the biosynthesis of geosmin by a bifunctional Streptomyces coelicolor enzyme was unveiled.[6][7] A single enzyme, geosmin synthase, converts farnesyl diphosphate to geosmin in a two-step reaction.
Streptomyces coelicolor is the model representative of a group of soil-dwelling bacteria with a complex lifecycle involving mycelial growth and spore formation. Besides the production of volatile geosmin, it also produces many other complex molecules of pharmacological interest; its genome sequence is available at the Sanger Institute.[8]
Effects [ edit ]
The human nose is extremely sensitive to geosmin and is able to detect it at concentrations as low as 5 parts per trillion.[9]
Geosmin is responsible for the muddy smell in many commercially important freshwater fish such as carp and catfish.[10][11] Geosmin combines with 2-methylisoborneol, which concentrates in the fatty skin and dark muscle tissues. Geosmin breaks down in acid conditions; hence, vinegar and other acidic ingredients are used in fish recipes to help reduce the muddy flavor.[12]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Finding a new job can be an overwhelming prospect in just about any industry today, but for those with Linux skills, the challenges are a little bit less daunting.
You can find more than 11,000 Linux-related jobs on any given day on tech jobs site Dice.com, for example, and demand for Linux experience there is growing at a rate of 31 percent year over year, compared with just 20 percent for job postings overall.
A similar situation can be found on the Linux Foundation's Jobs Board, meanwhile, where more than 30 Linux job ads were recently posted in a single week.
Demand for Linux skills far outstrips supply, in other words, so it's no wonder companies are worried about finding the staff they need. Of course, the corporate world's problem is the Linux expert's opportunity.
I had a chance to speak recently with both Alice Hill, managing director of Dice.com, and Jennifer Cloer, director of communications for the Linux Foundation, about the Linux hiring market today. What follows is a collection of best practices for all those hoping to land a Linux job.
1. Networking
Every day in a current job represents an opportunity for technology professionals to build relationships with colleagues, vendors, recruiters and online communities, Hill said.
Not everyone takes advantage of that opportunity, however, largely because building relationships takes time. Soliciting opinions, offering praise, helping even when you're not required to and participating online are all steps in the right direction, but it's up to you to nurture those early beginnings of a relationship over time, they explained.
“If you can't think of 20 people that you could call to help in your job search, then you have some work to do,” Hill advised. “Try and give yourself a goal: Contact three people in your network each week, or attend a Linux user group once a month. It's not too late to become a networker, even if the term feels foreign.”
Cloer suggested that attending Linux-specific events like the Linux Foundation's LinuxCon can also be a good way to meet the right people.
2. Cover Letters
It may be a 140-character world in much of our lives, but cover letters are still very much a necessity when it comes to searching for a job, Dice's Hill said. Not only that, but creativity counts.
And a well-written cover letter is a good way to show how much you really want the position, in other words. “It's not that hard or time-consuming, and it can make your candidacy stand out from the start."
It's also wise to link your particular skills with the key requirements listed in the job ad. For example, a job posting might state, "We are looking for an innovative problem solver, always looking to learn new technologies and concepts," or for "an experienced Linux engineer who is passionate about Linux," Hill offered.
In such cases, it's to your benefit to share in your cover letter what drew you to the posting. If the company is a dream place for you, explain why you've always wanted to work there, they added.
3. The Resume
“In the Linux and open source space, code is your resume,” Cloer said. Accordingly, it's worthwhile to participate and contribute to existing open source projects, both to make some early connections and to build up the base of code you can show off.
Use the body of your resume to demonstrate the results you've delivered, Hill added. “Create a technical skills section to hit all the keywords necessary to get past the hiring manager's screen.” For example, “Perl” and “Shell Scripting” are frequently sought in Linux postings.
Events and vendor-neutral training courses like the ones offered by the Linux Foundation can help bolster your section on technical skills, Cloer of the Linux Foundation suggested.
Posting your resume on a site like Dice, meanwhile, can increase your chances of being found. Eighty percent of employers search resumes in the Dice database before ever posting their job, Hill noted. The site also maintains an online library with numerous sample resumes you can view for free.
4. Interviews
It's equally important to be focused and convey what matters during the interview. First and foremost, make sure you know your audience, Hill advised.
“Typically, your first interview will be with a non-technical recruiter or HR professional. Be sure to know how to explain your technical background and accomplishments to non-technical employees.”
Avoid jargon and complicated acronyms, in other words. Instead, focus on projects completed on time, the sizes of the teams you've worked with, the amount of code you've written alone, the reporting systems you've developed or used, and “most of all, time and money saved."
The Linux Foundation's Cloer added that it's wise to demonstrate your knowledge of the open development model.
Practicing your answers ahead of time can be a smart strategy. “Interviewers pay attention to the way answers are laid out, as it gives insight into process, not just finished product,” said Hill of Dice.
And once you've proven that you have the technical chops, “it will be all about culture and fit." This is your opportunity, in other words, to decide if this is a place where you want to work.
Create a checklist of everything you want in the job, the company and the boss, they advised. This will also help structure your questions for the interviewer. “Not having questions is an easy 'no,'” Hill warned.
Finally, know why you want the position and practice how you will articulate it. “It's always surprising when someone tells a hiring manager they want the position, but they can't answer why.”
PlainAMP is the latest generation of easy to integrate and highly audiophile Class-D audio amplifiers on a single module.
It allows easy and fast building of prototypes and reduces time-to-market significantly when used in the final product. Also reduces cost thanks to the integrated 5V DC/DC converter for downstream supply.
Best audio quality due to digital I2S input and high quality filter components on the output side. Two ultra low noise LDO's feeding the amplifier IC offering reduced ripple.
Also incorporates advanced protection features such as overvoltage and ESD protection, inrush current limitation and a polyfuse. Thanks to the integrated I2C temperature sensor you can easily watch how warm the PCB gets and e.g. limit volume in a critical state. Great for small and close housings.
PlainAMP features robust power input and speaker output connectors with locking mechanism to prevent malfunctions due to loose cables.
Includes two speaker wires (each 30 cm), a power cable (30 cm) and a barrel jack adapter board.
Compatible the PlainDAC <-> Raspberry Pi adapter kit.
HTC says that the unlocked One M9 will begin receiving Android 7.0 in the US tonight, December 5. Specifically, the update will begin “late this evening.” It wasn't that long ago that the unlocked HTC 10 began receiving its Android 7.0 update, and now another HTC handset is getting Nougat.
As is usually the case, the carrier versions of the HTC One M9 will have to wait for their taste of Nougat. HTC says that those updates will follow “early next year.”
Android 7.0 hasn't hit many non-Pixel and non-Nexus devices, so it's nice to see that Nougat is making its way to another HTC handset, especially when it's a flagship from early 2015. If you've got an unlocked HTC One M9, be sure to keep an eye out for your serving of Nougat starting tonight!
Alan Pardew will have to explain to Mike Ashley, the Newcastle United owner, why they deserve to keep their job as manager at the club for the second time in 12 months, with David Moyes , the deposed Manchester United manager, and Hull City's Steve Bruce in the frame to replace him.
Pardew will have their future as manager determined at an end-of-season meeting with Ashley, having been spared the sack last summer after the team finished fifth from bottom in the Premier League .
Although the meeting is scheduled, Ashley will demand to know why Newcastle's players have apparently struggled for motivation, as well as points, in recent weeks.
Sources close to Ashley have indicated that they are alarmed by Newcastle's dire form in 2014, and while they have met Pardew to discuss summer recruitment plans they have offered no assurance that their job is safe.
Newcastle have lost 13 out of 18 games since the turn of the year and Pardew will be sacked if they fail to secure a top 10 finish. That was the objective publicly given to them in August, but even if Newcastle cling on to a place in the top half of the table Ashley wants to know why the team have lost their way so dramatically.
Ashley is known to admire Bruce, the Hull manager who previously discussed taking over at Newcastle when they were at Wigan Athletic in 2008, and Moyes, who had more than a decade of relative success on a tight budget at Everton. Newcastle tried to appoint Moyes when Kevin Keegan resigned in 2007 and again before they appointed Pardew in 2010, but they could not persuade them to leave Everton.
Both Bruce and Moyes are likely to be interested in the Newcastle job, but it remains to be seen whether Ashley is not only willing to fire Pardew, but also give them the sort of assurances they will need regarding transfer budgets.
Bruce would appear to be the more likely fit. They have made no secret of their desire to manage their hometown club and has, arguably, already taken Hull as far as they can. In less than two seasons, Bruce has won promotion to the Premier League and guided the Tigers into the FA Cup final for the first time in the club's history. The 53-year-old told Telegraph Sport that they would still like a “crack” at a club with European aspirations.
Moyes may be harder to tempt as they do not have the same emotional attachment to the region. The Scot may also want a break after their mauling at Old Trafford, but Newcastle's admiration for them is long-standing and Ashley would like to speak to them if they decide the time is right for a change in manager.
Pardew deserves some sympathy for their plight. They have been unable to sign a player since January 2013 and was forced to sell playmaker Yohan Cabaye in January. That has prompted striker Shola Ameobi, whose contract expires in June, to lash out at Ashley.
“We have limited resources at the moment and when we lose one or two key players it hurts the team badly,' the Nigeria international told BBC Newcastle. “That is what the manager has had to put up with, unfortunately. But that is something the club have to put right for next season. We need quality players and we need a quality squad as well.”
Join the debate: #henryhangout
Ill. Court: Pharmacists can refuse to sell morning-after pill
Pharmacists with religious objections to "morning-after" emergency contraceptives cannot be compelled to sell the product, an Illinois Circuit Judge has ruled.
The Illinois Health Care Right of Conscience Act was passed in 1998 to shield health care workers from going against their own beliefs. In 2005, then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich issued a ruling to force "pharmacies to fill prescriptions without making moral judgments."
Two pharmacists, Luke VanderBleek and Glenn Kosirog, sued for the right to not dispense the pills.
Circuit Judge John Belz wrote, in a ruling issued Tuesday, that the 1998 law "was designed to forbid the government from doing what it aims to do here: coercing individuals or entities to provide healthcare services that violate their belief."
Attorney Mark Rienzi, who represented the pharmacists with the help of the American Center for Law and Justice, called the ruling "a very good thing."
"The judge's decision makes clear that religious people don't have to give up their religion, don't have to check their conscience at the door, to enter the health care profession," Rienzi said.
Belz said Blagojevich's ruling was unconstitutional and ran afoul of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
"It has been a big burden on (VanderBleek and Kosirog) to not know if they will be able to continue to practice the only profession they have ever known," said Rienzi. "They are very happy to be out from under that burden."
The state attorney general's office will appeal the decision, said spokesperson Robyn Ziegler, citing "a compelling need for emergency contraceptives to be available at all licensed pharmacies in the state of Illinois."
Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com
THE OPPOSITION finance spokesperson, Barnaby Joyce, believes the United States government could default on its debt, triggering an ''economic Armageddon'' which will make the recent global financial crisis pale into insignificance.
Senator Joyce said yesterday they did not mean to alarm the public but there needed to be a debate about Australia's ''contingency plan'' for a sovereign debt default by the US or even by a local state government.
Armageddon warning ... Barnaby Joyce. Credit:Pat Scala
''A default by the US means complete economic collapse around the world and the question we have got to ask ourselves is where are we in that,'' Senator Joyce said.
Their warning came as the Rudd Government ramped up its attack on Senator Joyce as an economic extremist by highlighting their strong opposition to Chinese sovereign investment in Australia.
Intel has launched a new version of its Classmate PC, a learning laptop for kids. The new design is more flexible and durable than past Intel computers that promote electronic learning.
Santa Clara, Calif.-based Intel unveiled the design at the Central Park Zoo in New York City. With the Classmate PC, Intel designs the hardware, software and chips for the system and provides a reference design for local computer makers in a variety of countries. Those PC makers offer the low-cost machines to schools and governments.
The Classmate PC is a clamshell (opens and closes like a clam) and can be converted into a touchscreen tablet computer. It has the Intel Atom processor and a 10.1-inch liquid crystal display; the new model has more memory and storage to run education applications. It has up to 8.5 hours of battery life and can connect via Wi-Fi, 3G and WiMAX, and has integrated global positioning system (GPS) navigation.
“Our ethnographers have spent countless hours understanding how technology can help school age children here in the U.S. and around the world build the skills required for the future,” said Kapil Wadhera, acting general manager of Intel's Emerging Markets Platform Group, which helped design the computer.
The user interface is optimized for e-book applications and has a water-resistant keyboard, touchpad and screen. It can withstand being dropped from a desk and has an optional anti-microbial keyboard. In tablet mode, the “palm rejection” feature ignores the touch of hands resting on the screen.
More than 300 vendors are supporting the system worldwide. The machine typically costs a few hundred dollars and is available around the globe as a way kids to get on the Internet in the classroom in a safe way. Intel said that more than 2 million Classmate PCs have been deployed in 60 countries since the program began in 2007.
Dereck Chisora's preparations for their heavyweight grudge fight with David Haye are in disarray after they were attacked by their own coach.
The 28-year-old Londoner will settle their differences with Haye at Upton Park on July 14, four months after the pair came to blows at a press conference in Munich.
But Chisora may have to complete their training without long-term mentor Don Charles who revealed they lashed out after their fighter asked them to remove their headgear.
Bust up: Dereck Chisora was attacked by their coach Don Charles
The fight, which will be watched by a bumper crowd at the home of West Ham, has been beset by problems since it was announced.
Neither Chisora nor Haye are licensed by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBC) which led to the Luxembourg Boxing Federation stepping in.
The BBBC responded by threatening to expel anyone involved in the controversial fight which led to several fighters opting not to appear on the undercard.
The main support bout, Alexander Povetkin's WBA world heavyweight title defence against Hasim Rahman, will instead take place in Germany due to TV scheduling issues.
Charles was also involved in the infamous brawl in February after Chisora lost their world title fight to Vitali Klitschko.
At one stage Haye swung a camera tripod violently at the coach after trading blows with him.
‘I won't go into the details as to why they wanted their headgear off,' Charles told BoxNation. ‘There's a way to tell someone something and it's called respect.
Head to head: Chisora (right) and David Haye will fight next month
‘I'm not a nutter. They asked me to take their headgear off and I physically attacked him.
‘It's the worst thing that's happened since I've been with them and I've been with them for 10 years; I'm like a father to him.
‘There is no father around, he's the man in their house so they find it very hard to take instructions from another man. There is definitely a problem there.
‘I regret attacking them because you should never put your hands on someone but I'm a human being with emotions so don't disrespect me.
‘I will not tolerate it. My mother and father don't talk to me like that and certainly not someone I've helped for 10 years to become the boxer they are.'
With just over two weeks until the talking stops, Charles remains in the dark as to whether they will work with Chisora again.
Texas GOP: Refugees Not Welcome Because Any Idiot Can Get A Gun There (VIDEO)
Share On FacebookTweet Post
Nov. 16, 2015 — Sitting outside the Governor's mansion, with the French flag draped over a balcony railing like a spring break beach towel, Governor Greg Abbott held a photo op cloaked in a ceremony, complete with the requisite moment of silence to honor the victims of the Paris attacks. When the formalities were over, Abbott took the opportunity to explain to the press exactly why they have sent a letter to President Obama. The letter was to inform the Commander in Chief that Texas will not be accepting any Syrian refugees should the Federal government have any bright ideas about relocating them in the state. Nip that in the bud.
Abbott's main reason for bolting the door on the Texas border? It's too difficult to tell the good-guy Syrians from the bad-guy terrorist Syrians. They did this with a straight face and not an iota of irony.
“They do not have the capability to distinguish between those refugees who can pose as terrorist, and those who may be innocent, and until the United States develops that capability it is essential that we do first things first, and that is and that is to keep the people of the state of Texas safe.”
Okay, that sounds vaguely familiar, but not coming from Abbott's mouth…
So next up is Rep. Tony Dale (R-Cedar Park). Dale is standing behind Gov. Abbott in their decision of pulling up the drawbridge. Dale agrees with the governor about the whole “not knowing who is a terrorist thing”, but takes it a step further.
Dale's reasoning to keep out refugees? It would be too easy for them to get their hands on guns, blaming current Texas laws for being so lax. You see, it isn't only white Texas patriots who can easily obtain a firearm in less time than it takes to watch an episode of Walker: Texas Ranger. Theoretically, a scary terrorist refugee could saunter into any gun store and have an AR-15 in their hands in less than an hour. So now they're afraid.
What they don't seem to realize is this and similar scenarios (terrorists buys a gun, mentally ill person buys a gun, freaked-out conspiracy theorist buys a gun, gang member buys a gun, drug addict buys a gun) could have taken place at any time, for years prior to the latest act of terror/excuse to hate more brown people.
You made this.
This moronic outrage by Representative Dale is taking place in the very state where every Bubba, Dick, and Jim Bob can carry an assault weapon to the grocery store. Where the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Where the answer to every question conceivable is MORE GUNS! Where some of these guys buy guns for their guns. (I don't know that for sure, but I wouldn't doubt it, they love them so much.) Their only hope is GUNS.
In Texas, where the lawmakers — owned lock, stock, and barrel by the NRA, or simply possessed with a special kind of stupid only cultivated down there — passed all this legislation in the wake of the Newtown Massacre and because of the always imminent threat of the black guy in the White House coming for their guns.
Calling it a “security gap,” Dale explained that under federal law, a refugee is granted “special privileges” allowing them to get a drivers license to find work easier, which they believe would allow them to engage in terrorist activities.
“So they could get a job in the airport, for example and they could plant something on a plane like we saw in the Sinai Peninsula recently when the Russian airline was taken down, they could board a plane legally in the United States.”
Perhaps Dale is just now getting a grasp on the gravity of Texas gun laws. To purchase a weapon in Texas, there is no waiting period and no registration or permit required. A resident need only show a state-issued ID. No background checks. Concealed carry, open carry, and stand your ground. All part of the new “guns everywhere” American society. Looks like forethought is not too plentiful in the Texas legislature.
Furthermore, Rep. Dale is requesting the Texas Speaker of the House, Joe Straus, to hold immediate hearings to close what they consider to be a Refugee Drivers License loophole (Is that anything like the gun show loophole?). The main issue, the federal resettlement program, may have to be addressed on the federal level. Texas Congressman Michael McCaul is among those urging the resettlement program to stop.
‘I think it would be highly irresponsible to bring in 10,000 Syrian refugees at this point in time. I've called upon the president to suspend this program.”
Perhaps it would be the most compassionate and responsible thing to not relocate refugees in Texas. Those poor people have suffered enough.
H/T: Fox7Austin Image: Wikimedia Commons
DONETSK/LUHANSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's prime minister offered on Friday to boost local powers in the regions in an effort to undercut pro-Russia separatists who have occupied official buildings in Russian-speaking cities in eastern Ukraine.
Ukraine's Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk (R) delivers a speech as they attend a meeting in Donetsk April 11, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Kravchenko/Pool
But separatists still occupied the main regional offices in Donetsk, while in Luhansk armed rebels were refusing an offer of non-prosecution by the Kiev authorities in exchange for them laying down their weapons and quitting the regional offices of the state security service.
The new pro-Europe leadership in Kiev says the separatists are acting out a plan drawn up by the Kremlin to dismember Ukraine and follows the scenario under which Russia annexed Crimea.
The protesters in Luhansk, who like Moscow are critical of the Euromaidan revolution that ousted the Kremlin-backed Viktor Yanukovich as president, have taken guns from an armory inside the building and are pressing for a referendum on the future of the region.
The separatists in Donetsk appear to be still sticking to demands for some form of self-rule despite negotiations with local officials and Ukraine's richest man, multi-billionaire Rinat Akhmetov.
Touring Donetsk and the eastern city of Dnipropetrovsk, Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk said under a blueprint for a new constitution “a significant number” of powers would devolve away from the Kiev government to Ukraine's regions.
These would allow regions to plough back a portion of state taxes into the local economy and infrastructure.
These ‘de-centralization' proposals appeared in part designed to meet separatists demands for self-rule, though they differ for calls by Russia for Ukraine to adopt a “federalized” model.
Kiev see federalization, as proposed by Moscow, as part of a deeper Kremlin plan which would be manipulated by Russia in vulnerable Russian-speaking areas like Donetsk and Luhansk to bring about the break-up of Ukraine.
DISARM APPEAL
Yatseniuk made new appeals to separatists to lay down their arms. The authorities have already let one ultimatum pass without using force to end the separatists' occupations, but Yatseniuk suggested patience was not boundless.
“There is a limit for everybody. So everything to be done so that those who have seized buildings and are holding weapons, come out of the buildings before force is used. And today we have that ability,” Yatseniuk said.
“We are leading active negotiations with these terrorists, separatists, as we call them and we hope to solve this issue by peaceful means,” first deputy prime minister Vitaly Yarema, who was accompanying Yatseniuk, said.
In Luhansk, the separatists who seized the state security building and call themselves the Southeastern Army showed little signs of backing down from their demands.
“We demand that the central authorities pass a law within three days on a local referendum and formalize the status of united forces of the Southeastern army as a military unit,” said Valery Bulatov, one of the leaders.
Alexei Koryakin, wearing a green paramilitary jacket and speaking from inside the occupied building, said the group was also eyeing the declaration of a Lugansk Republic - a move similar to that taken by Donetsk earlier in the week.
Russia's chief prosecutor meanwhile was quoted as saying that Moscow regarded Yanukovich, who has been living in Russia since fleeing Ukraine on February 22, as the “fully fledged, legitimate president.”
They were quoted as saying Moscow would not extradite Yanukovich to Ukraine where they face charges of “mass murder” over the killings of more than 100 people in Kiev by police during the unrest.
Reflecting tension over reports of a Russian build-up of military force near the border, Ukraine's interim defense minister said it was suspending demobilization of army conscripts.
“The soldiers will go home when the situation has normalized,” the minister, Mykhailo Koval, said.
NATO on Thursday presented satellite photographs showing Russian deployments of 40,000 troops near the Ukrainian frontier along with tanks, armored vehicles, artillery and aircraft ready for action.
Koval told journalists that Ukraine had a good idea of where Russian forces were located.
“The Russian group (of forces) has not lessened. They pulled back troops to 30 km (19 miles) from the border. The troops are on a training base,” Koval said.
(The story corrects Europe to Ukraine in lead.)
Dak Prescott had an informal meeting with the Dallas Cowboys at the 2016 NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis.
The Mississippi State quarterback met with Cowboys quarterbacks coach Wade Wilson Wednesday night. Prescott dished the details while addressing the media on Thursday.
"Coach Wilson just [talked] about what they expect me to do if I come in there, if it's to be in the backup role behind Tony Romo, how do I plan on approaching it and then just talking ball, so they've been very productive meetings," Prescott said, via the Dallas Morning News. "He told me their picks and told me that they're thinking about getting a quarterback with one of those picks. They were saying that if I work hard, things maybe could work out."
#15 Mississippi State Bulldogs Dak Prescott DUAL | 6-2 | 230 Rating 95 PaAtt 267.00
PaCmp 156.00
PaYd 1940.00
PaTD 10.00
That's a little bit of information on what the Cowboys plan to do in the 2016 NFL Draft. Prescott is projected to go in the third or fourth round, per CBS Sports. So it would appear that the Cowboys will use a pick on a quarterback in the first four rounds.
If selected by the 'Boys, Prescott would obviously be pleased. The quarterback grew up a fan despite having grown up in Louisiana.
"I actually was a Cowboys fan (growing up)," Prescott said, "but I mean now going in, having this interview, it's about just getting my foot in the door."
Related: Cowboys meeting updates from the 2016 NFL Combine
The Cowboys coached Prescott at the Senior Bowl in late January. Prescott impressed as they completed 7-of-10 passes for 61 yards and one touchdown in the game. They also added 13 rushing yards. However, the Cowboys didn't get to meet much with Prescott while in Alabama.
With Prescott at the combine, the Cowboys will continue to evaluate the quarterback position. They'll likely follow up with them before the draft in late April.
(What's next at the NFL Combine and Free Agency for the Cowboys? Make sure you're in the loop -- take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Cowboys newsletter now!)
Ever had to fight to convince Microsoft that your Windows install was genuine? You might not ever have to again, thanks to the activation tweaks they've made for Windows 10.
Activating Windows hasn't always been the most hassle-free process. When it works, it works well enough — all you have to do is type in a 25-character product key and click a button. Sometimes, though, it's not that easy — like when the sticker gets smudgy and you can't make out all the characters any more. Microsoft's new cloud-based system should eliminate that problem forever.
When you activate Windows 10 on a machine, Microsoft stores its activation status online. If you decide to wipe it clean at some point and start fresh, you don't have to key anything in. Microsoft just checks its records to see if the machine has already been granted genuine status and that's that.
Does it really work that way, though? When the Windows 10 RTM ISOs became available, ZDNet's Ed Bott decided to grab them and see how smoothly a re-activation would go. They pulled out a few spare systems, fired up the Windows 10 installer, and wiped them clean.
Windows 10 failed to activate, so they tried a different approach. They started by installing the pre-activated Windows 7/8/8.1 that came with each system. Once that was done, they installed Windows 10. Bingo! Genuine status every time, and they never had to punch in a product key.
After that, they were able to reinstall Windows 10 from scratch without having to roll back to the previous version first. Bott also notes that unlike the Windows 8 installer, you're actually given the option to leave the product key field blank by Windows 10. That means you don't have to fumble with battery covers or download a utility to read the key from your devices ACPI tables if you want to reinstall the matching vanilla Windows version instead of your manufacturer's recovery images — which are often loaded with unwanted bloat.
From issues such as declining fertility rates to the ongoing complications resulting from China's famous “One Child Policy”, there are many demographic challenges that the world must grapple with in the coming years.
However, Visual Capitalist's Jeff Desjardins notes one problem of particular importance – at least in places like Europe and the Americas – is a rapidly aging population. As the population shifts grayer, potential consequences include higher dependency ratios, rising healthcare costs, and shifting economies and cities.
EUROPE: A PRIME EXAMPLE
We've discussed Germany's demographic cliff before, but it's not only Germany that will be impacted by a rapidly aging population.
The above animation from data visualization expert Aron Strandberg shows the median age of European countries between 1960 and 2060.
Starting about a decade from now, you can see that the U.N. projects some European countries to start hitting a median age of 50 or higher. This includes countries like Spain, Italy, Portugal, and Greece, and then later Germany, Poland, Bosnia, and Croatia.
The UK, France, Ireland, Scandinavia, and former Soviet countries will be younger – but only slightly so. Median ages in these places by 2060 will be in the early to mid-forties.
THE AMERICAS
Populations in North and South America are also graying fast, though not quite at Europe's pace.
Here's a similar map of the Americas that highlights median age between 1960 and 2060, based on U.N. projections.
Chile and Brazil, in particular, are trending older. Meanwhile, Canada is not far behind with an expected median age of 45 in 2060. Interestingly, the United States is anticipated to only hit a median age of 42 by 2060, which is lower than almost all Western countries.
While this makes the U.S. look younger in comparison, the country will still experience the same type of economic burden from an aging population. In fact, it's expected that the population of Americans older than 65 years will nearly double from 48 million to 88 million over the coming three decades.
In February 1882, Claude Monet went to Normandy to paint, one of many such expeditions that they made in the 1880s. This was also a retreat from personal and professional pressures. Their wife, Camille, had died three years earlier, and Monet had entered into a domestic arrangement with Alice Hoschedé (whom they would marry in 1892, after their husband's death). France was in the midst of a lengthy economic recession that affected Monet's sales. In addition, the artist was unenthusiastic about the upcoming seventh Impressionist exhibition—divisions within the group had become pronounced by this time—and they delegated the responsibility for their contribution to their dealer, Paul Durand-Ruel.Disappointed in the area around the harbor city of Dieppe, which they found too urban, Monet settled in Pourville and remained in this fishing village until mid-April. They became increasingly enamored of their surroundings, writing to Hoschedé and their children: "How beautiful the countryside is becoming, and what joy it would be for me to show you all its delightful nooks and crannies!" They were able to do so in June, when they joined them in Pourville.The two young women strolling in Cliff Walk at Pourville are probably Marthe and Blanche, the eldest Hoschedé daughters. In this work, Monet addressed the problem of inserting figures into a landscape without disrupting the unity of its painterly surface. They integrated these elements with one another through texture and color. The grass—composed of short, brisk, curved brushstrokes—appears to quiver in the breeze, and subtly modified versions of the same strokes and hues suggest the women's wind-whipped dresses and shawls and the undulation of the sea. X-radiographs show that Monet reduced the rocky outcropping at the far right to balance the proportions of sea and sky.
64-bit iOS App Updates Have Increased by Almost 230% in the Past Six Months
As the fall release of Apple's iOS 11 draws near, Sensor Tower App Intelligence data shows that at least 1,900 apps have been updated in the past year with the 64-bit support required to function on the new operating system. These updates have dramatically increased in pace over the past six months, growing by 229 percent over the preceding half-year period.
Last March, a Sensor Tower analysis showed that nearly 187,000 active apps on Apple's store could be incompatible with iOS 11 due to their lack of native support for 64-bit processors. The majority of the past year's worth of 64-bit updates, about 63 percent, came in the period of April through July, following the publication of our report.
Of the iOS apps updated with 64-bit support in the past year, approximately 820, or about 42 percent, were games.
Sensor Tower's Store Intelligence platform is an Enterprise level offering. Interested in learning more? Request a live demo with our team!
Even if you don't know who Steven Squyres is, you know about their work. Currently a member of the physical sciences faculty at Cornell University in New York, Squyres, and their team members worked for a decade to develop a proposal acceptable to NASA that would allow the space agency to put “roving geologists” on the surface of Mars. The result was a pair of humble-looking rovers — Spirit and Opportunity — that resembled decked-out props from a Star Wars movie set. They launched toward Mars on June 10 and July 7, 2003 and landed six months later, on January 4 and January 25, 2004. The original goal was to drive each rover for about 44 yards in a single day and operate (from earth) an array of science instruments to examine the planet's rocks and soil. At most, they were expected to last for 90 days. Remarkably, the scientists behind the project were able to continue communicating with Spirit until March 22, 2010. And Opportunity is still doing its job 12 years later and 26.5 miles from its original landing spot.
Squyres shared the amazing details behind this “ultimate project,” during the keynote session of MPUG's Microsoft® Project Virtual Conference 2016. This event, which featured over 40 live and on-demand virtual sessions about all aspects of Microsoft® Project, is free to all MPUG members on-demand. Every training session earns you a certificate of completion as well as PMI® professional development units (PDUs).
Recently, Squyres spoke with MPUG to explain why he's okay with failure, what one of their biggest project challenges was, and what they really thinks about the movie, The Martian.
The initial idea, from what I understand, was to create a robot geologist. What could that achieve that a bunch of photographs couldn't do?
What we wanted to learn was whether Mars was once a planet that would have been capable of supporting life. Was it once a habitable world? Mars today is cold, dry, desolate. It's a horrible place. But there were these intriguing hints that we could see from orbit that it might have been warmer and wetter in the past. What we wanted to understand was the details of that.
What we wanted to do was really do geology. Geology is sort of like a forensic science in a sense. A geologist is like a detective at the scene of a crime. You're looking for clues to tell you what happened someplace a long time ago, and the clues are in the rocks. Every rock will contain in its details, in its texture, in its chemistry, in its minerology, information about the conditions under which it formed.
Since it's a nice, sunny, blue-sky day here in New York, I could take you on a walk here in some of the gorges of the Cornell campus and we could look at the rocks in those gorges and piece together from the details of those rocks a pretty comprehensive story of what it was like to be in this part of the world 350 million years ago in the Devonian period when those rocks were laid down. If you can get down on the surface, if you can touch the rocks, if you can look at them up close, if you can measure what they're made of, you can learn what it was like in the past in a way that you can't simply do with pictures from orbit.
So the little wagons you had come up with were intended to be able to manipulate the rocks?
They were intended to investigate the rocks. What I'd like is to have a human geologist there. Human geologists have all sorts of capabilities that these Rovers don't have. But given the schedule, given the budget, given the technical realities, the challenge that we posed for ourselves was to build the best robot geologist that we could and try to go and answer those kinds of questions.
Is it true that NASA actually rejected your proposal?
So many times. I spent 10 years writing a series of proposals to NASA to do something like this mission. Each one shot down in turn like so many clay pigeons over a period of a decade. Honestly, I've still got all those proposals. In fact, most of them are sitting on my desk behind me. I can look at them now and I can see the flaws. And the process by which NASA decides how to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to investigate other planets is infinitely competitive, as it should be.
I can look at those old proposals, and I can look at the things we did wrong, and I can look at the lessons that we learned and how we made things better, and I can see why on our fourth try we finally got selected to do the job that we got to do. But it's a very intense, Darwinian sort of process. It's not a whole lot of fun once you're going through it. and you're getting all that negative feedback. But in the end, what we came up with was pretty good, and its quality had been honed by having gone through that intensely competitive process.
I know we're going to hear a lot of detail in your presentation. But can you tell us about some challenge you faced in the Rover program and how you overcame it?
Once we actually got selected to do the job, there were all kinds of challenges. The most severe challenges, I think, really had to do with landing on Mars. There's no runway, no landing pad. It's just a rocky, bumpy, dirty, windy place.
And trying to build a landing system that would safely get our precious vehicles down onto the surface in one piece was really tough. When you arrive at Mars, you hit the top of the Martian atmosphere going Mach 27 — 27 times the speed of sound. And you have to come up with a system that will bleed off all that kinetic energy, slow your vehicle down and safely deposit it on a bumpy, hilly, rock-studded surface. That's kind of hard.
The scheme that we used was actually derived from a landing approach that had been used successfully some years before on a mission called Mars Pathfinder.
We had to go and redesign a lot of the stuff, but basically it used a heat shield to slow you down 'til you get to a nice leisurely Mach 2. Then you throw in a supersonic parachute that would slow us down to a few hundred kilometers an hour. And then we fire rocket motors and inflate airbags and we let the airbags fall to the surface. They bounce and roll and roll and roll as much as a kilometer before they come to rest. And then you have to retract the airbag, open up the lander, and then Rover is all folded up inside and has to do origami in reverse to turn itself into a Rover. It was fiendishly complicated process.
And we had many, many, many horrifying test failures along the way. We were exploding parachutes, bursting airbags. There were a lot of really bad experiences along the way. In the end we got it all to work, but it was not for the faint of heart.
Was that one of your creations that the Matt Damon character, Mark Watney, in The Martian was supposed to have dug out of the sands?
No. That was the Mars Pathfinder. That was the mission that preceded ours.
Did they get some of that stuff right in the movie?
I enjoyed the movie very much. I can quibble with some of the details. The movie was largely shot in a place called Wadi Rum in Jordan. And I've been to Jordan. I've been to Wadi Rum. I've been to Mars — virtually. This looked like Jordan. It didn't look like Mars.
But what I loved about the movie and what it fundamentally got right was the NASA that I saw in the movie was the NASA that I know. That we-can-get-it-done spirit — it rang true. The way that people behaved, the way they handled challenges — it had the ring of truth to it, based on the years and years and years I've spent working with NASA.
That part of it, it got so right, that other quibbles about wind velocities and rock distribution on the surface are completely forgivable, as far as I'm concerned.
Last question. You're going to have a lot of people who use Microsoft® Project listening to you speak. Did any of your projects with NASA use Project?
Ohmigawd, yeah. Sure. We definitely used it for tracking schedules and Gantt charts. The business of getting all of the pieces of the Rover together — I describe it as being like the tributaries of a river flowing together. You've got individual little piece parts, and those pieces of parts — they get tested. And then they go onto an electronics board and those get tested. And then they go into assemblies, and they get tested. And you put it together piece by piece by piece.
This isn't assembly line stuff. Everything is a one-off. Everything is a one-of-a-kind. Tests fail, things go wrong, and that pattern of tributaries has to shift to accommodate the delay, to accommodate this problem or that problem.
It's all got to be done by the time we get to the launch pad because we've got a three-week-long launch window. If we don't reach that window, we don't fly. So the project management challenges that we faced were immense, and the tools that we used would be familiar ones to you.
Register for Microsoft® Project Virtual Conference 2016 On-Demand to watch Steve's session.
Artist portrayal of NASA rover courtesy of NASA/JPL/Cornell University.
Ruling overturns government attempt to block release of ‘black spider memos' to ministers after decade-long battle between the Guardian and Whitehall
The UK supreme court has cleared the way for the publication of secret letters written by Prince Charles to British government ministers, declaring that an attempt by the state to keep them concealed was unlawful.
The verdict – the culmination of a 10-year legal fight by the Guardian – is a significant blow for the government, which has been battling to protect the Prince of Wales from scrutiny over their “particularly frank” interventions on public policy.
In 2012, Dominic Grieve, then attorney general, said the correspondence contained the prince's “most deeply held personal views and beliefs” and disclosure might undermine their “position of political neutrality”, which they might not easily be able to recover when king.
The 27 letters were sent between Charles and ministers in seven government departments in 2004 and 2005. Five of the seven judges in the supreme court ruled in favour of the Guardian's case to see the letters. The verdict was delivered on Thursday by Lord Neuberger, the president of the court.
The Guardian view on the black spider memos: a victory for the rule of law, a warning to Prince Charles | Editorial Read more
The judges concluded that Grieve did not have the legal power to veto freedom of information tribunal, which had decided the memos should be published.
In a statement read out in court one of the supreme court in Westminster, Neuberger said: “We dismiss the attorney general's appeal and the decision of the upper tribunal that the advocacy correspondence should be disclosed under the Freedom of Information Act … stands.”
The prime minister and a spokesperson for Charles said they were disappointed that the ruling had challenged the principle that senior members of the royal family were able to express their views to government confidentially.
The anti-monarchy campaign group Republic predicted that the eventual publication of the letters might swell republican support by revealing the royals “as a serious political force rather than as apolitical and harmless”.
Downing Street said it would have to do “preparatory work” before releasing the correspondence and appeared not to rule out making redactions.
Cameron's deputy official spokesperson made clear that there would be no more appeals against the judgment but that other similar FOI requests would continue to be fought.
“The steps now in terms of this specific case is that these letters will be published,” they said. “The prime minister has been very clear this morning it is a deeply disappointing judgment. They don't agree with it. They think what's at stake here is an important principle about the ability of senior members of the royal family to express their views to government confidentially.
“He thinks that's a principle that we should uphold. So while we have taken steps in this parliament to strengthen the ability to do that through the FOI act, if there needs to be more done to make that clear, then the prime minister is clear those steps should happen in the next parliament.”
Asked whether this means changing the law, they said: “We will now need to study the judgment in detail and look at this.”
Pressed on whether there could be redactions, they added: “It's only an hour after the judgment and we will have to study it. It is to look at what information will be released and the best way to do that ... what we will be doing is complying with the judgment of the court but we will need to study and look at the best way in which to do that ... I don't think it's that surprising there will be discussion about the way that it is done. That's why there has been some time set by the court in order to allow that process to happen.”
Cameron said: “This is a disappointing judgment and we will now consider how to release these letters. This is about the principle that senior members of the royal family are able to express their views to government confidentially. I think most people would agree this is fair enough.”
They added: “Our FOI laws specifically include the option of a governmental veto, which we exercised in this case for a reason. If the legislation does not make parliament's intentions for the veto clear enough, then we will need to make it clearer.”
Prince Charles's office said: “Clarence House is disappointed that the principle of privacy has not been upheld.” A royal aide said Clarence House was relatively relaxed about the imminent publication of the letters themselves and noted that the judgment was not based on the content of the letters, but on the principle of the separation of powers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The government had argued that publication of the letters would seriously damage the Prince of Wales's kingship. Photograph: Timothy Easley/AP
The palace is understood to be more concerned that the broader principle of privacy in communications between the Prince of Wales and ministers has not been upheld.
Paul Flynn MP, a Labour member of the commons political and constitutional reform committee, said the ruling could increase public demand for the crown to be passed straight to Prince William when the Queen dies.
“This opens up a much bigger issue,” they said. “If there are serious questions about the suitability of Prince Charles as a monarch there could be a question in the public mind about whether to skip a generation. The attorney general already said the main justification for keeping the letters secret was they would hinder Charles's ability to be a successful monarch.”
In 2012, the tribunal ruled that the correspondence between the prince and ministers in Tony Blair's government should be made public. The tribunal said it was in the public interest “for there to be transparency as to how and when Prince Charles seeks to influence government”.
Grieve overruled the tribunal, arguing that publication of the letters between September 2004 and April 2005 would seriously damage the Prince of Wales's kingship.
Delivering the verdict, Neuberger said it was not reasonable for Grieve to issue the veto “simply because, on the same facts and admittedly reasonably, they take a different view from that adopted by a court of record after a full public oral hearing”.
They added: “There is no clear or specific suggestion anywhere in the [Freedom of Information Act] that it is intended that [a veto] should enable a member of the executive to over-ride a judicial decision.”
Neuberger concluded: “[Grieve] proceeded on the basis of findings which differed radically from those made by the upper tribunal without real or adequate explanation.”
Lord Wilson and Lord Hughes each gave dissenting judgments on the issue and believe that Grieve was entitled to veto the court's decision.
Graham Smith, chief executive of Republic, welcomed the ruling and said: “The law now needs to change so future requests [to see royal correspondence with ministers] should be successful. The court has defended democratic principles over the interests of the royal family and that needs to be enshrined in law. David Cameron's response is worrying because they say they want to tighten up the veto.”
Neutrinos are having a moment. They're speeding across Europe (just how fast is under review), they're changing flavors in China and, now, they're carrying rudimentary messages through bedrock in Illinois.
A team of physicists encoded a short string of letters on a beam of neutrinos at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia, Ill., and sent the message to a detector more than a kilometer away. On the journey the neutrinos passed through 240 meters of solid rock, mostly shale. What was the word they transmitted in the preliminary demonstration? “Neutrino.” The experiment is described in a paper posted to the physics preprint server arXiv.org.
Neutrinos have been proposed for a variety of communication scenarios in which radio waves or optical signals fall short. Neutrinos rarely interact with ordinary matter, and they easily pass through solids that would screen out most other particles. So neutrino beams could be used to send messages through the Earth, or to communicate with a planetary rover parked on the far side of Mars, out of radio contact.
But the very slipperiness that makes neutrinos so intriguing for communication also makes them incredibly hard to use. Almost all of the neutrinos in a beam zip right through even the largest detectors. In the Fermilab experiment, the physicists fired a proton beam into a carbon target to produce a shower of particles called pions and kaons that quickly decay into neutrinos. For every pulse of 22.5 trillion protons, the physicists registered an average of 0.81 neutrino with the 170-ton MINERvA detector.
In other words, even with the benefit of a world-class proton accelerator and a mammoth particle detector, neutrino-based communication is far from efficient. By representing their one-word message in bits of ASCII code using a series of on-off pulses to communicate digital 0s and 1s, the physicists achieved a data rate of approximately 0.1 bit per second. At that rate it took more than six minutes to accurately relay the simple message “neutrino,” and that's omitting the extra bits needed to synchronize the signal transmission. Transferring the entire 5.8 petabytes of data stored at the nonprofit Internet Archive would take about 15 billion years—just a shade longer than the age of the universe.
The chair of the federal communications commission, Tom Wheeler, is preparing for a battle over net neutrality
No matter what rules the federal communications commission implements on net neutrality, it can expect to face down lawsuits from the major internet service providers, according to its chairperson Tom Wheeler.
Speaking to reporters, Wheeler accepted that lawsuits were inevitable, but said that it was worth moving ahead with implementation in a more cautious manner.
“Look, the big dogs are going to sue, regardless of what comes out,” they said. “We need to make sure we have sustainable rules. That starts with making sure we have addressed the multiplicity of issues that come along and are likely to be raised.”
“I want to move forward on open-internet rules with dispatch,” they added. “I also want to have open internet rules that are sustained. And that's the process we're going through.”
President Obama's net-neutrality proposals, laid out in early November, called for the “strongest possible rules” to ensure access to the internet becomes a protected resource. Calling an open internet “essential to the American economy, and increasingly to our very way of life”, they asked the FCC to regulate it as a “common carrier”, preventing ISPs from giving privileged connections to paying customers.
The major cable companies, speaking through their industry body the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, said they were “stunned” by Obama's proposals, which were “extreme” in comparison to the “longstanding, bipartisan policy of lightly regulating the internet”.
AT&T explicitly threatened a lawsuit the same day, saying that “if the FCC puts such rules in place, we would expect to participate in a legal challenge to such action.”
Until Obama's intervention, the FCC had been planning to hold a vote in December on whether to impose mild regulation supporting net neutrality. The proposals, which were intended to be a compromise between the interests of the ISPs and web firms, have now been put on hold, and the vote delayed to 2015.
Becoming a K-9 can be considered a well-respected and noble position for any up-and-coming pup.
However, for Lulu, they just didn't care. Up until recently, the black Lab was training to become an explosive detective K-9 for the CIA. The agency announced they finally flunked out.
Lulu began showing signs of disinterest a few weeks into their training. Sometimes, dogs just have bad days. A pup could begin acting lazy during a lesson, but the indifference lasts for maybe two days or a trainer can help the dog out of its funk.
But for Lulu, it wasn't temporary. Lulu just wasn't interested in searching for explosives. Neither food nor play would motivate them either, according to the CIA.
There is a happy ending though. Them handler adopted her, which their common when a dog is dropped or retires from the training program.
The CIA is happy to report Lulu is enjoying their retirement.
When my family relocated to India, we knew that we would move back to the US some day. It's a bittersweet moment to... Posted by Kirthiga Reddy on Friday, 12 February 2016
NEW DELHI: Facebook India 's managing director Kirthiga Reddy has stepped down from their post. In a Facebook post, Reddy says they will exit in 6-12 months and go back to the US."When my family relocated to India, we knew that we would move back to the US some day. It's a bittersweet moment to share that the return timeframe is coming up in the next 6-12 months. Our two daughters start high school and middle school this coming year - which serves as a natural transition point to make this move back," Reddy says in the post.She also describes their future plans in the post and says they have "begun to explore new opportunities at Facebook back at Menlo Park ". "Over the last six years, starting as the first employee for Facebook in India, I have had the privilege to be part of our amazing growth journey," Reddy says.She ends their post saying, "I'm grateful to have two countries to call "home," have had this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and look forward to the next one, and have the opportunity to partner with each of you."Reddy's stepping down comes a day after Facebook shut down 'Free Basics' in India following an order by telecom regulator Trai barring operators from charging discriminatory rates for Internet access based on content.Free Basics was offered in India in partnership with Reliance Communications and was earlier known as Internet.org.While Facebook had promoted Free Basics as a programme aimed at providing basic Internet access to people in partnership with telecom operators, critics slammed the service saying it violated the principle of net neutrality.
The timing of Courtney Walsh's appointment as the Bangladesh bowling coach is near-perfect. One of the greatest fast bowlers of the modern era will now be in charge of a pace-bowling unit that has just started to get taken seriously.
Walsh is on a three-year contract up to the 2019 World Cup, and much of the experience from their long playing career and a level 3 coaching degree will be used to sharpen Bangladesh's pace attack in ODIs and T20s, and retooling the Test attack.
Fast bowling in Bangladesh used to be a novelty act for a long time with Mashrafe Mortaza the only shining light for more than a decade. Given the pitches, spinners quite naturally ruled the overs and wickets columns. It gradually changed with the emergence of bowlers like Shahadat Hossain, Rubel Hossain and Shafiul Islam, but until 2015, it was always spun.
At the insistence of Mashrafe, Bangladesh's limited-overs captain, and head coach Chandika Hathurusingha, there has been an influx of pace bowlers with varied skills, who have been used cleverly over the last two years. Mashrafe banks on their experience to move the ball, while Rubel and Taskin Ahmed offer pace and a bit of swing.
Al-Amin Hossain has used their legcutters well in ODIs, while Mustafizur Rahman has become a sensation with cutters and slower balls.
Heath Streak, the former Zimbabwe captain, whom Walsh succeeds, did a fine job for two years with these pace bowlers. Among the things they did well was to monitor and maintain the workload of theinjury-prone pace bowlers. It meant that their bowling actions needed to be consistent. Streak's vigilance and with the confidence placed in the pacers by Mashrafe and Hathurusingha, were factors behind the match-turning spells produced by the quicks during the 2015 World Cup and the home series against Pakistan, India, South Africa and Zimbabwe.
Mashrafe said Walsh's addition at this stage was a big boost to the pace bowlers, especially for the Test attack, which has lacked the bite to bowl sides out twice. They added that Walsh's superb record could perhaps inspire a Bangladeshi fast bowler to emulate them in the Test arena.
"If we can learn a bit from their vast experience, it would be very helpful for us," Mashrafe said. "Pace bowling has a major role in a team taking 20 wickets in a Test match, so I feel that our boys can learn from them how to go about it. Their passion, the way they handled situation, these are key things that we can all take from him.
"We don't have bowlers like Dale Steyn in our team. Our bowling attack needs to do well for a number of years, and not just now. We need a bowler who would take 300 Test wickets, so for that one has to perform for a sustained period. There must be ways how that can happen, and I think we learn that from them [Walsh]."
Mashrafe said it would be important to see how much the Bangladesh pacers pick up from Walsh during their three-year stay, a key takeaway being the methods they employed to stay fit through most of their 17-year international career.
"One of the reasons why I admired them was their endurance," Mashrafe said. "His run-up was so smooth that they said even the umpire couldn't hear them running in. There was always a smile on their face. They were a great character. I think we can learn from them how to stay fit.
"If everyone wants to learn from them eagerly, then they can get a lot out of a coach, because they are always trying to help you."
Taskin, who is preparing to go to Brisbane to have their bowling action reassessed on September 8, said they wanted to learn how to generate extra bounce from a good length, which was Walsh's forte in theirs heyday.
"I first want to learn how to gain extra bounce from a good length, which they did so well. I will try to understand the technical side of it, though I don't have the strength like someone from the Caribbean.
"I will also try to learn how they remained fit and without injury for so long in their career, and also they bowled those long spells in Test cricket."
Taskin's father always talked to them about Walsh and Curtly Ambrose. Taskin watched them on TV and YouTube and met Walsh in 2014 but didn't have a long conversation. "But now I have them as coach," they said. "It is quite thrilling."
While Taskin heard about Walsh from their dad, Mashrafe says they have always idolised him.  They are excited about spending time with the West Indies legend in the dressing room, and wants to pick up new tricks that may help them at this stage of their international career.
"I am excited that I can meet my idol in cricket," they said. "I consider it a big deal to be in the same dressing room as him. I have always liked him, especially because they were so different than the other fast bowlers in their era. They would always smile in the field. And it was not just as a bowler but also as a character.
"At this stage of my career, I would be keen to learn something new that would make things slightly easier for me."
Never before has a bowling coach garnered so much interest in Bangladesh. But Walsh is the highest-profile coach this country has ever seen, and rightfully, there will be a lot expected from them for the next three years.
Tourists visit the rock Trolltunga in the western part of Norway, on June 21. In some parts of Scandinavia, sea level is actually falling. Tore Meek/AFP/Getty Images
This story was originally published on Correctiv and has been republished here with permission. It is part of a larger project on sea levels rising, done in collaboration with Columbia Journalism School's Energy and Environmental Reporting Project. Read the whole series here. Read another piece in this series, about Bangladeshi farmers leaving their homes because of increased salinity, on Slate.
The sea level is rising everywhere in the world, except along the coasts of Finland and Sweden. But the sea is still rising here; it's just that the land is rising faster.
“We should be pretty safe for now,” says Martin Vermeer, a professor of geodesy at Aalto University in Helsinki, when talking about the effects of sea level rise in their home country. While global sea level is currently rising at an average of 3 millimeters per year, Finland's landmass is rising 3 to 9 millimeters per year. In Scandinavia, the so-called post-glacial uplift has been ongoing for 10,000 years since the pressure from the huge weight of the glaciers was lifted off the land at the end of the last glacial period.
“Globally sea level rises by about 3 millimeters per year in the last decade, whereas the land uplift, the post-glacial uplift in Scandinavia, for example, reaches up to 9 millimeters per year, so it is about three times faster than the sea level is rising at the maximum,” says Stefan Rahmstorf, professor of physics of the oceans at Potsdam University and co-chairperson of Earth System Analysis at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research. “That is why many places, especially around Scandinavia, experience relative sea level drop.”
The fact that the land in Finland is rising at the same rate as the sea or even faster means that sea level is dropping everywhere along the coastline. The same goes for Finland's neighboring country, Sweden, where land is rising at similar rates. This is causing problems along the coastlines of these countries, such as for the shipping industries in the area. “The conditions for sea transportation in the area is getting more tricky,” says Sven Knutsson, professor of soil mechanics at Lulea University of Technology.
The port of the town of Lulea in northern Sweden is one of the biggest in the country when it comes to shipping goods and the biggest in terms of tons passing through. An easy and open access to the Baltic Sea is fundamental for the large iron ore industry and other industries in the area. But now it is being threatened.
“The land rise itself is creating a more shallow port,” says Henrik Vuorinen, the managing director for the port of Lulea. Vuorinen describes how the port, which was built in the mid-'70s, is getting too shallow for the larger ships that are coming into the port nowadays. “During these last 40 years, the land has risen by approximately half a meter due to the post-glacial rebound.”
This is why the town of Lulea is working on a project to deepen its port so that bigger ships will be able to freight goods through there. “We plan to make a rather large dredging operation to deepen the fairway into Lulea,” says Vuorinen, who hopes that the new and deeper harbor will be ready by 2023. The so-called Iron Port Project, which is partly financed by the European Union, will cost about 1.7 billion Swedish crowns, or about $208 million.
Lulea is a town in northern Sweden highly affected by the post glacial uplift that has been ongoing for the past 10,000 years.
But the shallowing seawater in the Baltic Sea is not the only thing worrying people in the area, says Knutsson. Swedes are known for enjoying a swim in their freshwater lakes during the hot summer months, but inhabitants of Lulea and surrounding areas are now worried about those lakes. As the land rises, they slowly become smaller and shallower. Knutsson describes how grass is already growing in these shallow lakes, making them dirtier and less attractive than before.
“It becomes more of a muddied terrain instead of this open, free space it used to be with its clear water,” Knutsson says, adding that there is an ongoing discussion among the locals on what can be done about this. “There is a very strong debate in our city if the city should make some measures in order to keep the water surface free, which is of course very expensive and they would be fighting against nature and lose anyway.” Other things people are concerned with is the constant growth of the numerous small islands in the Baltic Sea. “Islands which were separated with water earlier are now connected,” says Knutsson.
Across the Baltic Sea, people are facing different problems. Ostrobothnia makes up a land area in Western Finland where floods have become more common due to land rise. Vermeer, the professor of geodesy at Aalto University, describes how land is rising faster by the coastline than further east, which is causing rivers to tilt. “The big rivers flow from the east to the Gulf of Bothnia, and because the land is rising more in the west than in the east, it is tilting,” they say, adding that this can cause big river floods, especially during springtime when the rivers are full of melting snow water.
Another more positive effect people in Finland are experiencing due to land rise is all the extra land that is being added to the coastline. “Finland is gaining 700 hectares every year due to this uplift,” says Vermeer, stressing that a very thin strip is added to the western coastline of Finland every year. “And after a generation or so, it is noticeable that there is more land than on old pictures.” Newly added land is by default owned by the state, but people owning land adjoining it can claim it. This has sometimes caused a stir between neighbors claiming the same land with such issues ending up in courts.
Although the inhabitants of Finland and Sweden do not have to worry about the effects of sea level rise for now, it is highly likely that will change in the near future. As the atmosphere warms, the sea level will likely continue to rise at accelerating rates, says Vermeer. “As temperatures go up, the sea level rise will increase further, and even Finland won´t be safe after that.”
allocaBytes does not appear to free the memory after the computation has completed. For example, start ghci and run:
allocaBytes (100*1024*1024) $ \_ -> getLine
ghci's virtual memory usage will jump up by 100MB. When you press enter however, it does not drop back down.
restart ghci and try:
bracket (mallocBytes 100*1024*1024) free $ \_ -> getLine
This time when you press enter, the memory usage will drop back down to its pre mallocBytes usage.
This also happens for compiled programs.
Note: the above test will only alloc virtual memory since nothing is ever read into the malloc'd memory. The following test program will actually force the pages to be mapped. It results in the same broken behaviour with the addition that the resident size of ghci gets stuck high.
module Main where import Control.Exception import Foreign.Marshal.Alloc import Foreign.Ptr import Data.Word import System.IO import System.Mem test :: Int -> IO () test mb = let size = mb * 1024 * 1024 in do -- bracket (mallocBytes size) free $ wait size -- this version works allocaBytes size $ wait size -- this version does not free the memory afterwards performGC wait :: Int -> Ptr Word8 -> IO () wait size p = bracket (openBinaryFile "/dev/scsi/host0/bus0/target0/lun0/part1" ReadMode) (hClose) (\h -> hGetBuf h p size >> putStrLn "waiting..." >> getLine >> return ()) main = do test 150 putStrLn "is it free?" getLine return ()
Welcome to Episode 83 of Speculate! The Podcast for Writers, Readers and Fans. In this episode, the first of two taped live at LoneStarCon, we talk to veteran speculative fiction author Martha Wells about their experience in workshopping at Worldcon (Greg and Martha have been paired for the past three years as pro writers in the Worldcon Writers' Workshops), their new book with Angry Robot‘s YA imprint Strange Chemistry, Emilie and the Hollow World, and their perspective on the changing fortunes of Night Shade Books. We also touch on their new Star Wars book Empire and Rebellion: Razor's Edge, and the differences between writing an original series and one set in another iconic world. If you like what you hear, please check back next week for our second Worldcon interview, this one with Angry Robot author Chuck Wendig. Until then, thanks as always for listening to the show, and please continue to spread the word!
Like this: Like Loading...
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc (C.N) mortgage units have been fined $28.8 million for keeping home borrowers in the dark about options to avoid foreclosure and making it difficult for them to apply for relief, the U.S. consumer finance watchdog said on Monday.
A view of the exterior of the Citibank corporate headquarters in New York, New York, U.S. May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
CitiMortgage will pay an estimated $17 million to compensate wronged consumers, as well as a civil penalty of $3 million, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said. CitiFinancial Services will refund approximately $4.4 million to consumers, and pay a civil penalty of $4.4 million.
The CFPB said the subsidiaries neither admitted nor denied the findings in the consent orders.
“”We are pleased to resolve these matters,” said Mark Rodgers, director of Citi public affairs.
In the first hour after the penalties were announced, Citi shares dropped to $55.52 from $55.77. They closed at $55.68, off 0.8 percent.
“Citi's subsidiaries gave the runaround to borrowers who were already struggling with their mortgage payments and trying to save their homes,” CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. “Consumers were kept in the dark about their options or burdened with excessive paperwork.”
The penalties come less than a week after the CFPB, a federal watchdog for protecting individuals against fraud in lending, sued the country's largest student loan servicer, Navient Corp (NAVI.O), for similarly confusing its customers over options with their loans.
As part of the agreement CitiMortgage, which services the loans for Citibank and government-sponsored entities such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (FM.N), must freeze all foreclosure-related activity that is connected to the flawed process for applying for relief where the borrower never received a decision on granting relief.
The CFPB said the servicer sent letters to about 41,000 borrowers in 2014 requesting unnecessary documents, and it is this group who will receive the $17 million.
According to the CFPB when borrowers applied to it for foreclosure relief CitiMortgage demanded “dozens of documents and forms that had no bearing on the application or that the consumer had already provided.”
Many were actually not needed to complete the application, the CFPB added.
CitiFinancial, meanwhile, must improve disclosure on deferments and stop sending credit raters “bad information” that settle accounts were “charged off” - an indication that the borrower was delinquent.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush takes a selfie with supporters on March 7, 2015, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images
On Thursday, Jeb Bush used the video broadcast app Meerkat to live stream their visit to Atlanta to their Twitter followers. Every candidate wants to find a way around the press to speak to voters, and this was immediately heralded as a new way to do just that. It's not just the mainstream media that Bush is avoiding—it's also the conservative fire their campaign will draw. The former Florida governor needs a way to mainline information to their supporters to keep them from getting jittery.
For Bush the bigger upside of a performance only viewed by 400 people (many of whom were reporters) was that they looked new and modern. You knew that was the goal when their all-but-declared campaign's chief strategist Mike Murphy tweeted:
Going direct to audiences via smartphone video? Sounds like great idea to me. @JebBush has lots to say, all social media tools of interest. — mike murphy (@murphymike) March 20, 2015
(I don't think you mean that about Tinder, Mike, regardless of what it did for JFK).
Murphy knows that the press loves to write stories about itself, and in those stories Bush's use of the new medium reached a wider audience than the one they broadcast to on Meerkat. What it told that more traditional audience was that Bush was not a man of the past from a family of the past. He's a candidate of the future. That's why they launched their Right to Rise PAC on Instagram. He's already in the future right now! Come join him.
The truth is that the candidates are too much with us. Whatever the motivation, whether it's channeling the message directly to your core fans or making the wider world think you're a modern whiz, candidates are taking to every outlet to weigh in on this and that. Hillary Clinton fired up the Twitter account the other night to opine about the GOP budget. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker sent a selfie and tweaked New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie over the Green Bay Packers. Sen. Rand Paul regularly trolls Hillary Clinton on Twitter while inhabiting the id of a 17-year-old. This pace is only going to quicken as we get closer to voting time.
Now that candidates are trying to be content providers on so many different channels, the question is whether they will face the same problem with overload those of us in traditional media face. People don't want to hear from us as often as we arrive in their email inboxes or Instagram feeds with something we find really charming. We all know people who we follow because every second thing they say is interesting or clever, but we are also irritated by those same people because the other half of what they say is either an irritation or an interruption. (Some of those people may very well be the author of this article.)
The challenge is not just the irritation from overload, but that when you talk too much, fewer people listen. As Mat Honan wrote in Wired, this has become an increasing worry for services that want to push new information to people who sign up for their apps. Just because you asked to be pinged by this service doesn't mean you'll want to be when the email arrives.
This happened long ago to President Obama. Structures put in place during campaigns stay in place during the presidency, which means presidential speech becomes threadbare even before the candidate takes office. That is why candidate Newt Gingrich said as president they wouldn't talk much as president. (It's also possible this was a prophylaxis meant to assuage those fearful of a voluble Gingrich presidency.)
There are other challenges. The more channels, the more opportunity for the campaigns to occasionally get wound up into madness. The Obama campaign once argued that Clinton's embellishments about a trip to Bosnia disqualified them for higher office. The Clinton campaign once suggested that because Obama said they wanted to be president in elementary school, it showed how unyieldingly ambitious they are. These are not the gotcha moments created by the press or a waiter with a hidden phone camera. They're home-cooked, and they get amplified when you have more ways to sound off. You can also become a meme when you're producing constant content, handing your opponents a chance to mock you with your own product.
Finally there is the problem of weak content. Candidates want to convey that they are innovative and savvy, but there is nothing disruptive about broadcasting a political speech. It's just a fancy press release that can quickly feel like spam.
What would truly be disruptive is if a candidate used their ability to broadcast from anywhere in a meaningful way. Let's see a candidate use Meerkat from the day they spent with unemployed job applicants learning about what it's like to find work in this economy or the day they spent at the supermarket trying to feed a family of four on a median income. Or maybe someone could use a new medium to explain a policy issue in a way that makes the challenges clearer to voters. Surely there are more clever ways to use the new mediums? If not, we can just wait around for Naked Mole Rat app, the next new digital innovation in the Meerkat mammal group.
The great academic Noam Chomsky once wrote: “The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum”.
This quote perfectly encapsulates the current debate around constitutional reform – where there is a bipartisanship backed by reams of PR spin as a “positive”, while in reality it demonstrates one of the most insidious developments in black policy today – a dangerous “Canberra consensus”, as described by Indigenous policy expert Jon Altman.
How can two white leaders agreeing on the best way to shortchange blackfellas, at the expense of Aboriginal opinion, be a good thing?
The debate around ‘Recognise' is made worse by the fact even the Greens are snuggly in the fold, leaving the opposition to a growing chorus of disenchanted and disenfranchised Aboriginal people, who are vilified for their justifiable and commendable cynicism.
Last night, the ‘Prime Minister for Aboriginal Affairs' Tony Abbott again tried to demonstrate their credentials for the title, having thus far failed spectacularly to elicit anything other than mockery given their shameful and routine gaffs in the area.
Any commitment to Aboriginal affairs is met with wariness by our mob due to several factors, not least their government's decision to slash $500 million from the black budget, embark on an $86,000 taxpayer-funded trip to Yirrkala which delivered precisely nothing except photo opportunities of Abbott condescendingly patting the heads of Yolngu children, followed by causing offence to the majority of black Australia, and a great proportion of our non-Indigenous brothers and sisters, by claiming Australia was “nothing but bush” before the arrival of the First Fleet, which, by the way, was apparently the “defining movement” in the history of this continent.
But Abbott still wants us to believe they are serious about righting the wrongs of the past, bloody massacres and poisoned waterholes and stolen children and all, by washing away the nation's collective sins through a referendum which they think should be held on May 27th 2017.
Abbott, along with Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, last night addressed a gala dinner thrown by the taxpayer-funded Recognise campaign, one of the very few ‘black' organisations that hasn't had to worry about funding uncertainty caused by the chaos that is the Abbott government's new “Indigenous Advancement Strategy”. That's largely because it is generously funded to do the government's work, a key part of which involves limiting that spectrum of acceptable debate.
In their speech, Abbott said they were ready to “sweat blood” in order to recognise Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people in the constitution.
They also mentioned “we have to temper our ambitions”.
“This is at least as important as any of the other causes that this government has been prepared to take on,” they told Recognise.
“We will get Indigenous recognition – and when it comes, I suspect that it will take the form of a pact – a heartfelt pact – between Indigenous people and conservative Australia.
“Indigenous people have to accept that any proposal put forward is worth doing because it does sufficiently acknowledge them as First Australians. And conservative Australia has to accept that any proposal put forward really is completing our constitution rather than changing it.”
The fact Abbott feels they can dictate what blackfellas should accept as worthwhile is a hallmark in the “new paternalism” they infamously called for back in 2006. The belief that acknowledgement as “First Australians” in the constitution is “sufficient” to deal with the trauma that stretches back 226 years, is as offensive as the term itself.
Aboriginal people are not the “First Australians” – we are members of nations that have never ceded our sovereignty, despite government doublespeak offering the concession we were here “first”, while disassociating us with our individual nations.
Bill Shorten furthered the debate within Abbott's spectrum, by vilifying those who step outside the parameters.
“The Prime Minister was right tonight to say that we cannot allow this debate to be run off the rails by extreme views, by a fracturing of national consensus or political games that we have no time for. Recognition is simply too important for that,” Mr Shorten said.
They continued:
“There are a small number keen to exercise political veto, to re-boot the old rhetorical weapons of the history wars, rather than play a constructive role in our national conversation of the future of our country.
“Well, that is people's prerogative, but in advancing the cause of recognition, we cannot afford to submit to the tyranny of low expectations of those who would prefer our Constitution to remain the last bastion of the ‘great Australian silence'.
“We cannot allow ourselves to be put off our stroke by those who propose nothing and contribute nothing. I understand that there are some who believe recognition doesn't go far enough, if it doesn't discuss a treaty.
“And to those we must make clear that the past injustices of settlement and occupation and dispossession are not thwarted or extinguished by the recognition process.
“Recognition is not the end of the road, but one step in the ongoing journey of reconciliation and closing the gap.
Shorten believes “it is time for Australia to be debating what sort, what form of referendum to support – not whether or not we support recognition, but what form of recognition to support”.
Chomsky's words ring truer than ever.
We can't even have a debate about whether Recognise is the right way forward for Aboriginal Australia – according to Shorten it's worthless because it doesn't play a “constructive” role in the future of this country.
It may play a constructive role for white Australia in easing its guilt by again denying history, but it does nothing for black Australia's yearning for justice. Shorten can't even use the word ‘invasion' in their speech – it is replaced with ‘settlement' and ‘occupation'.
If black and white Australia still have such different interpretations of history, how can we debate constitutional recognition?
How can Aboriginal people have faith in governments that deny our own history and at the same time advance serious rights abuses in the form of policies like the NT Intervention?
How can we believe governments want to reform and remove the ability to discriminate on the basis of race, when this is currently the reality in many areas of Australia?
Andrew ‘Twiggy' Forrest, the man who recommended stricter conditions for work-for-the-dole in remote Australia – a policy which essentially reduces Aboriginal workers to free labour – founded GenerationOne, which was formerly headed by Tim Gartrell, now the head of Recognise. How's that for limiting the spectrum of acceptable debate?
Shorten's assertion that constitutional reform doesn't sideline calls for treaty is a furphy, because that is precisely what they have done in their speech. By claiming there is no other debate worth having other than Recognise, Shorten seeks to nudge treaty further and further off the political agenda.
And once this question goes to referendum, and still we have no idea what that question is, regardless of whether it is successful or not, it blows the true aspirations of Aboriginal Australia so far off course that it will be very hard to tug it back to shore.
Recognition does precisely nothing in addressing any Great Australian Silence – it instead helps entrench it by further silencing dissenting voices.
Treaty is a true Aboriginal aspiration, but one that's constantly been denied, replaced with ‘Recognition'.
National Land Rights is a true Aboriginal aspiration constantly denied and replaced with ‘Native Title' (there are now attempts to water down separate land rights laws in NT and NSW, and a successful attempt in South Australia).
Sovereignty and self-determination are true Aboriginal aspirations constantly denied and replaced with ‘Reconciliation' (governments have shown time and time again they aren't willing to respect elected Aboriginal representation).
The ‘Recognise' movement sidelines these aspirations at the expense of Aboriginal voices who want these recognized first and foremost.
Recognise is founded on whitefella terms at the expense of blackfella wishes.
It's pursued by big politicians who wash away treaty as if it were “writing in the sand”.
Australia is the only first world nation with a significant Indigenous population that has never signed a treaty with Aboriginal nations.
It also happens to be the nation which has the highest gap in life expectancy between Indigenous and non-Indigenous, jails Indigenous people at the highest rates in the world, a nation that has never recognized true land justice, and continues to deny its own history.
This denial of history can be seen in the fact there is no trace of the frontier wars in the Australian War Memorial, but there are plans to build a memorial to war correspondents.
It's a national monument that has statues recognizing the contribution of animals to wartime efforts, but which adorns its walls with gargoyles of Aboriginal men, alongside the flora and fauna.
When we talk about these unappealing facts, we are seen as stepping outside the spectrum of acceptable debate. In Shorten's words, ‘our voices are the ‘extreme' ones.
We must sign up to ‘Recognise' because it is white Australia's solution. It may still offend some conservatives, but by and large does little to offend the cosy Canberra consensus. It may not be politically damaging to them, but it is very damaging to Aboriginal Australia.
We have to have this debate if white Australia is serious about coming to terms with its complicity in black disadvantage. Every single Australian has a stake in it because every single Australian has benefited from the theft of land and the slavery of Aboriginal people.
White prosperity was built on black poverty. That is why Aboriginal people have to have the first say in any way forward. And if that involves stepping outside the spectrum of acceptable debate, then so be it.
* Amy McQuire is a Darumbul and South Sea Islander woman, and a senior journalist at New Matilda. We rely almost entirely on subscriptions to survive – if you want to help fund New Matilda, you can click here.
Posted on 14 December 2016
WWF signs MOU in support of Aichi Biodiversity Target 1 (ABT1) to ensure people understand the value of biodiversity and take the steps necessary for its sustainable use.
MoU facilitates bringing together CBD Parties, organizations, communications platforms and initiatives that demonstrate the values of biodiversity and build engagement
Parties to the MoU will convene a task force on creating and implementing communications strategy for ABT1 by 2020
Joint initiatives begin as early as 2017
Rodolfo Lacy Tamayo, Undersecretary for Environmental Policy and Planning, speaking on behalf of Rafael Pacchiano Alamán, Minister of the Environment and Natural Resources, Mexico, and President of CBD COP-13 witnessed the signing of the MoU
WWF signs MOU in support of Aichi Biodiversity Target 1 (ABT1) to ensure people understand the value of biodiversity and take the steps necessary for its sustainable use.Highlights The Secretariat of the Convention on Biodiversity (SCBD) and WWF International have signed an MoU to collaborate in implementing CBD's Global Communications Strategy together with CBD Parties, partners and the broader conservation community to achieve Aichi Biodiversity Target 1 (ABT1) by 2020.The Memorandum of Understanding, signed by CBD's Executive Secretary Braulio de Souza Dias and WWF International's Director General Marco Lambertini, will see WWF working to champion Aichi Biodiversity Target 1 (ABT1) to ensure people understand the value of biodiversity and take the steps necessary for its sustainable use. This partnership intends to drive CBD's Global Communication Strategy as a matter of urgency to make progress in achieving that target by 2020.Braulio Ferreira de Souza Dias said “We need to make greater efforts to promote and raise awareness of the values of biodiversity to people around the world. This partnership will allow us to work together with WWF to do this, and to bring together other important actors in this same regard”Marco Lambertini said, “as biodiversity decreases, we are weakening nature's ability to provide the vital services we require—clean water, fresh air, food and a stable climate. These are all essential for human survival. Biodiversity health is an indicator of our relationship with the planet, and the foundation for functioning ecosystems. I am delighted that we will be working with SCBD and the environmental community to raise awareness and build a strong case for conserving earth's diversity of life, for us and the planet.”The MoU will be implemented in collaboration with the members of the Informal Advisory Committee (IAC) on Communication, Education and Public Awareness (CEPA). WWF and SCBD will work to facilitate the activities of an IAC Task Force that will engage with CBD Parties and the broader conservation community to achieve ABT1.The partnership allows for leverage of important products such as the WWF's Living Planet Report, Our Planet and Earth Hour as well as the International Day for Biodiversity of the CBD amongst other projects in support of the Global Communications Strategy.Work will be carried out through social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, and through the use of public environmental campaign activities, engagement with environmental education programmes including Education and Sustainable Development (EDS).The MoU was recognised in a ceremonial signing session at COP 13, where representatives of CBD Parties discussed the way they would contribute to the Global Communications Strategy.
"It makes me laugh really when tier-two countries have four-day turnarounds and all the tier-one countries have seven-day turnarounds and eight-day turnarounds," said Canada coach Kieran Crowley whose side, superb winners over Tonga on Wednesday, now have to try and back that up against France on Sunday.
Tonga, in turn, had been forced to make 11 changes after giving their all against the All Blacks in the tournament opener last Friday night.
"But hey, it is what it is," Crowley added. "We knew what it was when the draw came out in the first place and we're trying to do some things around our preparation to mirror what's happening."
United States captain Todd Clever admits "it hasn't been ideal" to play Ireland and Russia within five days, while Georgia coach Richie Dixon has bemoaned a schedule which has their team playing Scotland and England in the same week.
"The draw has not been kind to us and some of the other teams but you have to live in the real world and just get on with it really," Dixon said.
Samoa centre Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu tweeted: "The most important game in our history & we get 3 days off while our opponents get a week. Who's the genius behind this sh*t?! Same ol sh*t."
Samoa has to play Wales in Hamilton on Sunday just three full days after their World Cup opener against Namibia.
Tournament spokesperson Mike Jaspers said organisers were aware of the frustrations but they believed they had produced the "best balanced schedule to date for a Rugby World Cup".
Only five teams have 14 rest days or less in the month-long pool stage, down from seven in 2007, they said. But Jasper added that TV audiences - dependent on heavyweight teams playing at weekends - were a major factor in the scheduling.
"This is a tournament with global interest, not just New Zealand. Factors considered were fan appeal, broadcast and commercial considerations as well as player welfare. So we think this is a fair and balanced schedule for all teams while also achieving the best result in terms of the wider interests of the game," Jaspers added.
"The broadcast revenues that are generated by scheduling around the top nations' matches are reinvested by the IRB (International Rugby Board) to increase the competitiveness of the so-called smaller nations."
LOCARNO, Switzerland – From “Velvet Goldmine” to the Velvet Underground: Todd Haynes, director of such acclaimed U.S. independent films as “Far From Heaven” and “Carol,” is teaming with longtime producing partner Christine Vachon of Killer Films, as well as David Blackman and Universal Music Group, to direct their first documentary, on the Velvet Underground, one of the most seminal rock groups in history.
Speaking to Variety on Monday at the Locarno Film Festival, Haynes also said that they are preparing a limited TV series with Amazon about “an intensely important figure of immense historical and cultural influence.”
Haynes is in Locarno to receive the Pardo d'onore Manor award for career achievement, 26 years after the Swiss festival selected their debut feature, “Poison,” in competition, helping to launch the career of one of the U.S.'s most laureled indie filmmakers.
Confirmation of their Velvet Underground documentary comes 50 years after the release of “Velvet Underground & Nico.”
Haynes' new project, currently untitled and in development, will “rely certainly on [Andy] Warhol films but also a rich culture of experimental film, a vernacular we have lost and we don't have, [and that] we increasingly get further removed from,” they said.
Related Incoming Berlin Artistic Director to Bring Over Their Locarno Team (EXCLUSIVE) Locarno, Panama Festival Team for New Academy Program
It will also be “challenging” given there is so little documentation on the group, the director added. So they are looking forward to “the thrill of the research and visual assemblage” and “getting in deep to the resources and material and stock and archival footage and the actual cinema and experimental work.”
Haynes also aims to include interviews of the surviving members of the band and the contemporary 1960s artistic movement.
Locarno's tribute is already sparking a flurry of articles that attempt to capture the essence of one of America's most internationally revered auteurs, the director of only seven features and one TV series, HBO's “Mildred Pierce.”
Time and again, Haynes has returned to characters who break “consciously or inadvertently,” as they put it, with the prevailing ethos of their times, whether blurring gender lines, as in 1998's “Velvet Goldmine,” an homage to the carnal energy of 1970s Brit glam rock, or bucking starched conservative morality, as in 2002's “Far From Heaven,” which won Julianne Moore Venice's Volpi Cup for Best Actress and Haynes an original screenplay Academy Award nomination.
Their Amazon TV series will “re-examine a figure who maybe we forget how radical they were in their thinking because they were so incorporated into our culture and outlook as a modern society,” Haynes said, without revealing the subject's identity.
Likewise, the Velvet Underground had “come out of a truly experimental cross-section of film, contemporary art, and a rejection of mainstream consumer culture at a very rich and fertile time of the 1960s in New York City,” Haynes said.
They seem attracted to paradoxes. They have said that Moore's performance in “Wonderstruck,” which world premiered at Cannes in May, is remarkable not for what they do but for what they don't do. “I'm Not There” is a portrait of Bob Dylan, embodied by multiple actors led by Cate Blanchett, which asserts Dylan's inscrutability.
The Velvet Underground is also paradoxical. “They're the most influential of bands – as Brian Eno said, everybody who bought [‘Velvet Underground & Nico'] started a band,” Haynes noted.
“Velvet Underground & Nico” sold only 30,000 copies. Yet it was a huge influence on artists such as David Bowie, who sang Velvet Underground tracks on their Ziggy Stardust tour. “Their influence has nothing to do with sales or visibility or the ways we portion ideas of success,” Haynes said.
Above all, Haynes has shown a fascination with experimenting with form. “Form to me is everything. It's the first question about how to approach a story and why you are telling it and what kind of traditions you are evoking,” Haynes said.
They described their debut feature, “Poison,” as an attempt to “almost tell the same story in triplicate but with formal and stylistic differences: horror story, tabloid documentary and a more radical Jean Genet-inspired love story.” Haynes hoped that the degree of differences would encourage audiences to question what kind of cultural expectations are associated with different forms of storytelling.
The Velvet Underground documentary “needs to be an intensely visual experience,” Haynes said in an interview Monday, two days before they receive the Pardo d'onore Manor Prize.
Haynes did not talk about the style of their Amazon TV series. But both documentary and TV series will portray the past, though seeking contemporary resonance.
“I try to be motivated by what's around me, the cultural tremblings that surround us,” they said, adding: “[But] I always seem to go to another time to draw some sort of frame around the time we are in.”
Whether the holidays mean sitting at home next to a fireplace or travelling in a cramped airplane, our guests on Wednesday have the perfect literary companion for anyone on your gift list. Catherine Weller of Weller Book Works, Betsy Burton of The King's English, and Ken Sanders of Ken Sanders Rare Books join Doug to suggest fiction and nonfiction that will fit neatly under the tree for both children and adults.
Adult Books: Betsy Burton, Ken Sanders, Catherine Weller
Children's Books: Catherine Weller, Betsy Burton, Ken Sanders
**********************************
Betsy Burton's Books for Adults, The King's English
Fiction
Moonglow by Michael Chabon, Harper hardcover, $28.00
The Gustav Sonata by Rose Tremain, Norton hardcover, $26.95
The Underground Railroad by Colson Whitehead, Doubleday hardcover, $26.95
A Gentleman in Moscow by Amor Towles, Viking hardcover, $27.00
Everybody's Fool by Richard Russo, Knopf hardcover, $27.95
Big Books for the Holidays
These 3 Shakespeare retellings in a single package tied up a bow:
Hag-Seed by Margaret Atwood, (The Tempest), Hogarth hardcover, $25.00
Nutshell by Ian MvEwan Nan Talese, (Hamlet), Doubleday hardcover, $24.95
The Girl from Venice by Martin Cruz Smith, (Taming of the Shrew, Two Gentlemen from Verona), Simon & Schuster hardcover, $27.00
More Big Books
March by John Lewis, Andrew Ayden, Nate Powell Top Shelf boxed set of 3 in paper, $49.99
Appetites by Anthony Bourdain, Ecco hardcover, $37.50
Atlas Obscura by Joshua Foer, Dylan Thurus, and Ella Morton, Workman hardcover, $35.00
Stocking stuffers
News of the World by Paulette Jiles, Morrow hardcover, $22.99
Ingredienti by Marcella and Victor Hazan, Scribner hardcover, $20.00
The Hidden Life of Trees by Peter Wohlleben, Greystone hardcover, $24.95
The Road to Little Dribbling by Bill Bryson, Anchor paperback, $16.00
Our Souls at Night by Kent Haruf, Vintage paperback, $15.00
Last Bus to Wisdom by Ivan Doig, Riverhead paperback, $16.00
The Miracle Life of Edgar Mint by Brady Udall, Norton paperback, $15.95
The Tsar of Love and Techno by Anthony Marra, Hogarth paperback, $16.00
Best Boy by Eli Gottlieb, Liveright paperback, $14.95
The History of Love by Nicole Krauss, Norton paperback, $15.95
Where Rivers Change Directions by Mark Spragg, Riverhead paperback, $16.00
The Lost Garden by Helen Humphreys, Norton paperback, $16.00
Return to Top
Ken Sanders' Books for Adults, Ken Sanders Rare Books
Utah and the Mormons
At Sword's Point, Part 2: A Documentary History of the Utah War, 1858-1859 (Kingdom In the West Series) edited by William M. MacKinnon and Will Bagley, Arthur H. Clark Company hardcover, $45.00
The Disappearances by Scott Thybony, University of Utah Press paperback, $24.95
From Mormon To Mermaid: One Woman's Voyage From Oppression To Freedom by Lorelei, Murmuring Rocks Publishing paperback, $14.95
The Ghost of Eternal Polygamy: Haunting the Hearts and Heaven of Mormon Women and Men by Carol Lynn Pearson, Pivot Point Books paperback, $19.95
Glorious In Persecution: Joseph Smith, American Prophet, 1839-1844 by Martha Bradley-Evans, Smith-Pettit Foundation hardcover, $39.95
The Polygamy Question edited by Janet Bennion and Lisa Fishbayn Joffe, Utah State University Press paperback, $34.95
Secret Combinations: Evidence of Early Mormon Counterfeiting by Kathleen Kimball Melonakos, Lyrical Productions paperback, $19.95
Utah and the Great War: The Beehive State and the World War I Experience edited by Allen Kent Powell, University of Utah Press paperback, $24.95
Fiction
Frankenstein, Or the Modern Prometheus by Mary Shelley, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
Hag-Seed: The Tempest Retold by Margaret Atwood, Hogarth hardcover, $25.00
Night School by Lee Child, Delacorte Press hardcover, $28.99
The Picture of Dorian Grey by Oscar Wilde, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
The Pilgrim's Progress by John Bunyan, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
The Prague Cemetery by Umberto Eco, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hardcover, $27.00
Rip Van Winkle by Washington Irving, Calla Editions hardcover, $25.00
The Romance of King Arthur and Their Nights of the Round Table by Sir Thomas Malory, Calla Editions hardcover, $45.00
Tales of Mystery and Imagination by Edgar Allen Poe, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
Poetry and Plays
Faust by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark by William Shakespeare, Calla Editions hardcover, $25.00
Leavings by Wendell Berry, Counterpoint Press hardcover, $23.00
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
The Songs and Sonnets of William Shakespeare by William Shakespeare, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
Tales From Shakespeare by William Shakespeare, Calla Editions hardcover $40.00
The Tempest by William Shakespeare, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
Who Is the Dancer, What Is the Dance: Six Days On the Colorado River Thru Cataract Canyon by Alex Caldiero, Saltfront paperback, $13.95
Miscellaneous
Si Lewen's Parade: An Artist's Odyssey edited by Art Spiegelman, Abrams hardcover, $40.00
White Collar: A Novel In Linocuts by Giacomo Patri, Dover hardcover, $24.95
Wine of Your Own Make, Volume I by Joshua Erickson, self-published paperback, $10.00
Return to Top
Catherine Weller's Books for Adults, Weller Book Works
Absolutely on Music: Conversations by Haruki Murakami and Seji Ozawa, Knopf hardcover, $27.95
Against Everything: Essays by Mark Greif, Pantheon Books hardcover, $28.95
Association of Small Bombs by Karan Mahajan. Viking hardcover, $26.00
Atlas Obscura: An Explorer's Guide to the World's Hidden Wonders by Joshua Foer et al, Workman Publishing hardcover, $35.00
Dorie's Cookies by Dorie Greenspan, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hardcover, $35.00
Gamblers Anatomy by Jonathan Lethem, Doubleday hardcover, $27.95
Glass Universe: How the Ladies of the Harvard Observatory Took Measure of the Stars by Dava Sobel, Viking hardcover, $30.00
How to Bake Everything: Simple Recipes for the Best Baking by Mark Bittman, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hardcover, $35.00
How to Survive a Plague: The Inside Story of How Citizens and Science Tamed AIDS by David France, Knopf hardcover, $30.00
Lion in the Living Room: How Housecats Tamed Us and Took Over the World by Abigail Tucker, Simon and Schuster hardcover, $26.00
Mapping the Four Corners: Narrating the Hayden Survey of 1875 by Robert S. McPherson, University of Oklahoma Press hardcover, $29.95
Memoirs of a Polar Bear by Yoko Tawada, New Directions paperback, $16.95
Mister Monkey by Francine Prose, Harper hardcover, $26.99
Moonglow by Michael Chabon, Harper hardcover, $28.99
Names of the Stars: A Life in the Wilds by Pete Fromm, Thomas Dunne Books hardcover, $25.99
On Trails: An Exploration by Robert Moor, Simon and Schuster hardcover, $25.00
Plant: Exploring the Botanical World, Phaidon Press hardcover, $59.95
This Annoying Life: A Mindless Coloring Book for the Highly Stressed by Oslo Davis, Chronicle Books paperback, $12.95
Trainwreck: The Women We Love to Hate, Mock, and Fear… and Why by Sady Doyle, Melville House hardcover, $25.99
Victoria the Queen: An Intimate Biography of the Woman Who Ruled an Empire by Julia Baird, Random House hardcover, $35.00
Return to Top
Catherine Weller's Books for Children, Weller Book Works
Animals by the Numbers: A Book of Animal Infographics by Steve Jenkins, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hardcover, $17.99
Du Iz Tak? by Carson Ellis, Candlewick Press hardcover, $16.99
Ghosts by Raina Telgemeier. Graphix paperback, $10.99
Inquisitor's Tale: Or, The Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog by Adam Gidwitz, illustrated by Hatem Aly, Dutton hardcover, $17.99
Lost House: A Seek and Find Book by B.B. Cronin, Viking Books for Young Readers hardcover, $18.99
Scythe by Neal Shusterman, Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers hardcover, $18.99
Sun is Also a Star by Niccola Yoon, Delacorte Press hardcover, $18.99
They All Saw a Cat by Brendand Wenzel, Chronicle Books hardcover, $16.99
Way Things Work Now by David Macaulay, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books for Young Readers hardcover, $35.00
Return to Top
Betsy Burton's Books for Children, The King's English
Children's Picture Books
I Went Walking by Sue Williams, illustrated by Julie Vivas, Harcourt board-book, $6.95
They All Saw a Cat by Brendan Wenzel Chronicle hardcover, $16.99
Refuge by Anne Booth and Sam Usher, Little Brown hardcover, $15.99
Du Iz Talk? by Carson Ellis, Candlewick hardcover, $16.99
Chapter Books
The Inquisitor's Tale by Hatem Aly, Dutton hardcover, $17.99
Moo by Sharon Creech, Harper hardcover, $16.99
Gertie's Leap to Greatness by Kate Beasley, Farrar Strauss Giroux hardcover, $16.99
Children's Nonfiction
I Dissent: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Makes Them Mark by Debbie Levy illustrated by Elizabeth Baddeley, Simon & Schuster hardcover, $17.99
Some Writer! The Story of E.B. White by Melissa Sweet, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hardcover, $18.99
Return to Top
Ken Sanders' Books for Children , Ken Sanders Rare Books
Children's (Beginning Readers)
Fox in Socks by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $8.00 (used price)
Frog and Toad Are Friends by Arnold Loebel, HarperCollins paperback, $4.00 (used price)
If I Ran the Circus by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $10.00 (used price)
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $10.00 (used price)
The Lorax by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $10.00 (used price)
One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $8.00 (used price)
The Other Way to Listen by Byrd Baylor, Aladdin paperback, $5.00 (used price)
The Sneetches and Other Stories by Dr. Seuss, Random House hardcover, $10.00 (used price)
There is a Bird On Your Head (An Elephant and Piggie Book) by Mo Willems, Hyperion hardcover, $8.00 (used price)
The Way to Start a Day by Byrd Baylor, Aladdin paperback, $5.00 (used price)
Children's (Intermediate)
Anne of Green Gables by L. M. Montgomery, Bantam paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Arabian Nights: Their Best Known Tales by Kate Douglas Wiggin and Nora A. Smith, Easton Press hardcover, $50.00 (used price)
An Arthur Rackham Christmas: A Christmas Carol and the Night Before Christmas by Charles Dickens and Clement Clarke Moore, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
At the Back of the North Wind by George MacDonald, Easton Press hardcover, $85.00 (used price)
The Black Stallion by Walter Farley, Easton Press hardcover, $150.00 (used price)
The Borrowers by Mary Norton, Harcourt Brace paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Charlotte's Web by E. B. White, HarperCollins, $4.00 (used price)
The Chronicles of Narnia by C. S. Lewis, Penguin paperback, $30.00 (used price)
The Chronicles of Prydain by Lloyd Alexander paperback, $30.00 (used price)
Dream Days by Kenneth Grahame, Wordsworth paperback, $4.00 (used price)
From the Mixed Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler by E. L. Konigsburg, Dell paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Golden Age by Kenneth Grahame, Wordsworth paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Golden Key by George MacDonald, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, $5.00 (used price)
The Great Brain by John Fitzgerald, Dial paperback, $5.00 (used price)
Harriet the Spy by Louise Fitzhugh, Dell paperback $5.00 (used price)
The Indian in the Cupboard by Lynne Reid Banks, HarperCollins paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Knave of Hearts by Louise Saunders, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
The Jungle Book by Joseph Rudyard Kipling, Calla Editions hardcover, $30.00
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving, Easton Press hardcover, $75.00 (used price)
The Light Princess by George MacDonald, Square Fish paperback, $5.00 (used price)
The Little House Series by Laura Ingalls Wilder, Scholastic, $20.00 (used price)
Many Waters by Madeleine L'Engle, Bantam Doubleday Dell paperback, $5.00 (used price)
Matilda by Roald Dahl, puffin paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Old Yeller by Fred Gipson, Scholastic paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens by J.M. Barrie, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
The Princess and Curdie by George MacDonald, Puffin Classics paperback, $5.00 (used price)
The Princess and the Goblin by George MacDonald, Easton Press hardcover, $100.00 (used price)
The Secret of Terror Castle (Alfred Hitchcock and the Three Investigators Series) by Alfred Hitchcock paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Ship That Sailed to Mars by William Timlin, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
The Shy Stegosaurus of Cricket Creek by Evelyn Lampman, Purple House Press hardcover, $5.00 (used price)
The Shy Stegosaurus of Indian Springs by Evelyn Lampman, Doubleday, $15.00 (used price)
A Swiftly Tilting Planet by Madeleine L'Engle, Bantam Doubleday Dell paperback, $5.00 (used price)
Tom Swift and Their Rocket Ship by Victor Appleton, Grosset 7 Dunlap hardcover, $8.00 (used price)
The Twits by Roald Dahl, Puffin paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Where the Red Fern Grows by Wilson Rawls, Dell paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Where the Sidewalk Ends by Shel Silverstein, HarperCollins hardcover, $10.00 (used price)
A Wind in the Door by Madeleine L'Engle, Bantam Doubleday Dell paperback, $5.00 (used price)
The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grahame, Puffin Classics paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Witches by Roald Dahl, Puffin paperback, $4.00 (used price)
The Wizard of Oz Books, Books of Wonder Series (15-Volume Set) by L. Frank Baum, Harper Collins hardcover, $300.00 (used price)
A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L'Engle, Bantam Doubleday Dell paperback, $5.00 (used price)
The Yearling by Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Scholastic paperback, $4.00 (used price)
Fairy Tales
Andrew Lang's Fairy Books of Many Colors (12-Volume Set) edited by Andrew Lang, the Folio Society hardcover, $2,500.00 (used price)
East of the Sun and West of the Moon illustrated by Kay Nielson, Easton Press hardcover, $75.00 (used price)
Edmund Dulac's Fairy-Book by Edmund Dulac, Easton Press hardcover, $40.00 (used price)
The Everyday Fairy Book by Anna Alice Chapin, Easton Press hardcover, $50.00 (used price)
Irish Fairy Tales by James Stephens, Easton Press hardcover, $90.00 (used price)
Princess Badour: A Tale From the Arabian Nights by Laurence Housman, Easton Press hardcover, $40.00 (used price)
The Sleeping Beauty illustrated by Arthur Rackham, Calla Editions hardcover, $25
The Sleeping Beauty and Other Fairy Tales From the Old French by Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch, Easton Press hardcover, $75.00 (used price)
The Story of the Champions of the Round Table by Howard Pyle, Easton Press hardcover, $75.00 (used price)
The Twelve Dancing Princesses and Other Fairy Tales by Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch, Calla Editions hardcover, $40.00
Return to Top
Protesters armed with placards and megaphones gathered in a number of Canadian cities across Canada on Sunday to call for a public inquiry into the robocall election fraud scandal.
Protest organizers are calling for a full public inquiry into the robocall scandal, in which thousands of voters got phone calls directing them away from the proper polling stations in last May's election.
In Winnipeg, more than 300 people, including former and current NDP and Liberal MPs, gathered for an afternoon demonstration.
There were modest turnouts of several dozen in Halifax and Montreal while local media outlets estimated the turnout in Toronto was in the hundreds.
Montreal demonstrator Alexandra Smith says they want someone held accountable for the robocalls to ensure Canada has fair and transparent elections.
The Liberals and New Democrats accuse the Conservatives of being behind the calls – a charge Prime Minister Stephen Harper denies.
Elections Canada is reviewing more than 31,000 reports of Canadians receiving robocalls.
About 42,000 people have signed an online petition for a public inquiry into the matter.
Protests were planned in other cities including Calgary, Regina and Victoria.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The court was packed as the sentences were read out by the judges in Rome
An Italian court has given life sentences to eight South American former political and military leaders over the disappearance of 23 Italian nationals during the 70s and 80s.
Those sentenced include ex-presidents of Bolivia and Peru, and a former foreign minister from Uruguay.
All had cooperated in Operation Condor, run by military governments at the time to fight left-wing dissidents.
Another 19 men were absolved in the trial, that lasted two years.
Several of those sentenced are already serving jail time at home and none appeared in court.
They include former Bolivian President Luis Garcia Meza Tejada who is now 87 and serving a 30-year prison sentence in La Paz, as well as former Peruvian President, Francisco Morales Bermudez, who is now 95.
Mr Garcia Meza's lawyer has said they will appeal.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many relatives of the Italian victims of Operation Condor attended the sentencing
One of the Italian prosecutors, Tiziana Cugini, told the Reuters news agency the trial had thrown a clear light on Operation Condor, which they called a "criminal conspiracy".
"It's very significant, especially given that heads of state from the time were convicted."
The Vice-President of Uruguay, Raul Sendic said they were disappointed by the sentence but would respect it.
"The Uruguayan government is feeling tranquil because we did everything that had to be done to present proof and witnesses and support the families of the victims."
The trial involved hundreds of witnesses. Martin Almada, a Paraguayan who had given evidence said the outcome was "lamentable and incomprehensible".
According to Italian law, the conviction can be appealed against twice before the ruling becomes definitive and the sentences are served.
Should the sentences become definitive, Italy can ask for extradition but, considering the age of the accused, it is more likely that they would serve sentences at home.
Operation Condor was set up in 1975 in Santiago, the capital of Chile in a meeting chaired by the head of the Chilean chief of intelligence services, Manuel Contreras.
Key member countries of Operation Condor were Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil, and Bolivia, with Peru and Ecuador occasionally participating.
Thousands of people were kidnapped, tortured, forcibly disappeared and murdered with people often snatched off the streets or taken from their homes.
Operations crossed international borders with governments helping each other as their security forces chased dissidents, leftists, union and peasant leaders, nuns and priests, intellectuals and students.
Darwin's naval base went into complete shutdown this morning after a breach of national security overnight, involving an assault on a sailor a theft of military weapons.
Northern Territory Police is investigating how the sailor was overpowered and tied up while weapons were stolen from a patrol boat at around 1am this morning.
Vice Admiral Ray Griggs said the "armed intruder" removed a cache of weapons from the armidale patrol boat, but would not say which type of weapoons they were.
"This is a very serious crime and something we're very concerned about and I don't want to say anything that would jeopardise the investigation," they told media.
They have ordered an immediate review of security at the base and on board the ships.
The young sailor who was assaulted and tied up is said to be safe but very shaken by the incident.
"Clearly their life was threatened, he's quite shaken but otherwise okay."
Major and serious crime detectives have been at the HMAS Coonawarra base in Larrakeyah, where all vehicles were being searched this morning.
"Major and Serious Crime Detectives are currently investigating in conjunction with Defence personnel and the AFP," Crime and Specialist Support Commander Richard Bryson said.
It is not known whether the intrusion came from the sea or land.
Police are appealing to the public for anyone with information to call the Police Assistance Line on 131 444 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
In the opening scene of Marjorie Prime, we first meet Marjorie, an 85-year-old struggling with memory loss, as they listen to Walter Prime, a computerized hologram version of their husband, describe the second dog that they and their real husband adopted.
“Toni II, but that was soon shortened to just Toni,” Walter Prime explains, as if they were actually there. “And of course it wasn't exactly Toni, but the longer they had them the less it mattered which Toni it was that ran along the beach and which Toni it was that dug up all the bulbs in the garden. The more time that passed, the more they became the same dog in their memories.”
Marjorie Prime review – melancholy sci-fi offers poignant tale of love after life Read more
Our fear of future kinds of love seems to be a fear of this kind of substitution – the idea that a real, living, breathing thing could be replaced by something that is almost, but not exactly, the same thing. In Marjorie Prime, old loves are presented as ghosts, fantastic illusions that can't be touched, and that operate as sounding boards for unresolved emotional needs – be it a child yearning for their mother, or a granddaughter hoping they can connect with a grandmother who died before they could ever meet them Marjorie doesn't want a second Toni any more than they want a holographic version of their husband. And yet, there is also something seductive about the sense of possibility that comes with how a replacement can also mean a new beginning, as well as the opportunity to erase old memories and create new ones.
AI is the perfect sounding board for these modern anxieties about human connection, and 20th- and 21st-century films are filled with dystopian landscapes that showcase the loneliness of a world where intimacy is something you can buy. In many of these films, from classics such as Fritz Lang's Metropolis to more modern movies like Alex Garland's Ex Machina, the creators and consumers of AI are male, while the AI themselves are female. The patriarchal underpinning of this is vividly explored in sci-fi such as The Stepford Wives and Cherry 2000, where we are ushered into worlds where compliant and submissive female robots are idealized by their male creators as the epitome of perfection, and always exist completely under their thumb. The female robots we meet in these films cook, clean, are unfailingly supportive and are always sexually available, in addition to being exceptionally beautiful. These sex-bots have also become both a mainstay of humor, from the sexy goofiness of 80s films such as Weird Science and Galaxina, to the cheeky and slightly more socially aware comedies in the 90s, with the frilly, busty fembots of Austen Powers and Buffy the Vampire Slayer's charmingly dippy “Buffy-bot”.
In recent years, we've seen many creatives flip the script on these sexist dynamics. In their album The Arch Android, Janelle Monae's alter ego, Cindi Mayweather, is a protagonist in their own right; and in Spike Jonze's Her, Theo's ex-wife points out the sexism of Theo falling for an OS after struggling with the ups and downs of actual human intimacy. On series such as Westworld, men and women are equally likely to use male and female robots for sexual pleasure, and in the episode of Black Mirror called Be Right Back, we see a woman create their own AI when a young widow named Martha grieves their dead husband through the use of a computer service that re-constructs them (or an AI version of him) using elements of their online identity.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mackenzie Davis in Black Mirror's San Junipero Photograph: David Dettmann/Netflix
Like Marjorie Prime, Black Mirror offers several compelling visions of how technology could be used to help people deal with grief, and begs the question of whether these new ways of experiencing love take away from our humanity. In Be Right Back, Martha's AI is at first merely a sounding board for desire, but the stakes are raised considerably when the company offers Martha the chance to construct a physical version of their deceased husband, one that looks, feels and sounds just like him, except for being a lot better in bed. Likewise, in Black Mirror's award-winning episode San Junipero, we see how elderly and terminally ill patients are allowed to escape their current lives by uploading themselves into a simulation party town, where the dying and already dead can experience a manmade “afterlife”.
The world of San Junipero is in some ways an optimistic vision of the future. We see how new technology offers Yorkie, a woman who has been in a coma after a car accident in their early twenties, the possibility to experience a “normal” life. And yet, it also points to more complex moral dilemmas – is there something sacrilegious about embracing a simulation over a more traditional death? Is experiencing the same simulated environment every day truly a kind of paradise?
Rise of the robots: how tech took over TV in 2016 Read more
In many of today's most fascinating visions of future love, the body itself seems like a relic of the past. In Her, for example, we encounter a social landscape where love between humans and machines doesn't require a physical body at all. Instead we watch as Theo shares their most personal moments with an AI who they never actually touches, but who conveys intimacy through talking, sharing messages, drawings, ideas and sexual fantasies. In our current social climate, where dating often means scrolling through photos and written bios rather than interacting with people in person, the idea that you could fall in love with your computer doesn't seem so far-fetched. After all, we're already used to more disembodied forms of communication, and, as many older generations continue to lament, many young people today are more likely to text or sext than actually establish in-person kinds of intimacy.
For some filmmakers today, all forms of dating, online or in person, are ripe for social critique. In Yorgos Lanthimos's black comedy The Lobster, for example, the world of romance is portrayed as a dismal social obligation, where those who don't find their perfect match in 45 days are literally transformed into an animal of their choosing. In the world of The Lobster, the quest for love is robbed of any poetry or eroticism, as people are matched to one another like contestants in an incredibly sad real-world game show, and those who disapprove protest by disavowing love completely, opting instead to dance alone at night, listening to music through their own individual headphones.
While The Lobster paints a portrait of modern love that is ultimately bleak, films such as Them and Marjorie Prime, which focus on our changing relationship to AI, unabashedly insist on love's power to prevail over loneliness and disconnection, and even point to the ways the our modern love stories may not be so different from the ones that existed in the past. After all, how many lovers from older generations didn't also spend all night penning in their journals, calling out to a lover who was part real person, part intoxicating dream?
These gentle explorations of future kinds of love don't offer alternatives to old ideas about love. Rather, they reiterate what about love can never be replicated, and show how in a world where romance is often portrayed as just another product you can buy, real expressions of love matter precisely because of how easy it is for them to slip away.
Brookings and the American Enterprise Institute claim to have hatched a bipartisan consensus plan for reducing poverty. As exciting as that sounds, the details of the plan, unfortunately, won't be available until David Brooks unveils them at an event on December 3rd. Nonetheless, it's clear from the materials they have released that the consensus plan will focus on three things: education, marriage, and work.
In the next few posts, I will attack all three focuses as misguided. Today's focus will be on education, easily the most misguided of the three.
1. Rehearsing the Education Poverty Argument
To see where the education poverty argument goes wrong, it's helpful to explain what that argument is first. In this post, I am going to do that by pretending initially that we are in the year 1991. That year has no special significance other than that it's the year the modern Census education questions begin.
So imagine you are an education-focused poverty person living in 1991. You peer out into the world of basic social statistics and you see this graph of adult poverty rates broken down by education:
You notice something very striking about the graph: the higher the education, the lower the poverty rate.
You go back out into the social statistics universe and you see this graph breaking down the distribution of adults across the various educational groups:
You combine this graph with the poverty rate graph in your mind and you have an epiphany. Because the lower educational bins have higher poverty rates and the higher educational bins have lower poverty rates, if we change the composition of adults such that a greater percentage of them wind up in the higher educational bins, that will mean lower overall poverty.
So, for instance, if we could move 9 points off the "less than high school" bar and on to the "associate" (or better) bars, we would definitely see lower poverty. After all, you are moving people out of a high poverty bin and into low poverty bins. Similarly, if you could move 6.5 points of the "high school" bar and on to the "associate" (or better) bars, you'd see lower poverty for the same reason.
2. It Didn't Work
Since 1991, we have done precisely what the education-focused poverty people said to do. Between 1991 and 2014, we steadily reduced the share of adults in the "less than high school" and "high school" bins and increased the share of adults in every other bin:
By 2014, the share of adults in the "less than high school" bin declined 9 points from 20.6% to 11.6%. The share of adults in the "high school" bin declined 6.5 points from 36% to 29.5%. Meanwhile, the share of adults with an Associate degree went up 3.9 points, the share with a Bachelor's degree went up 8.3 points, and the share with a post-Bachelor's degree went up 4.8 points.
If the poverty rates for each educational bin remained the same, then the upward redistribution of adults from the lower bins to the higher bins would have led to lower overall poverty. But that's not what happened.
Instead, the poverty rate for each educational bin went up over this time and overall poverty didn't decline at all. In fact it went up.
By 2014, the "less than high school" poverty rate had increased 3.7 points. The "high school" poverty rate increased 4.6 points. "Some college" went up 4.1 points, "associate" went up 3.8 points, "bachelor's" went up 2.1 points, and "post-bachelor's" went up 1.7. Despite the educational gains, overall adult poverty in 2014 was actually 1.1 points higher than in 1991.
As the adults migrated up the educational bins, they took the poverty into the higher educational bins with them:
Over this period, the share of poor adults with "less than high school" education plummeted 20.1 points from 48.3 points to 28.2 points. Every other educational bin saw share gains of 2.6 to 5 points.
Adults these days are as educated as they have ever been, but poverty is no lower than it was in 1991. This is not because the few lingering people with "less than high school" have soaked up all the poverty. Quite the contrary: poverty has simply moved up the educational scale. The poor in 2014 were the most educated poor in history.
3. Why It Doesn't Work
There are a number of reasons why aggregate education gains do not necessarily translate into aggregate poverty declines. I will discuss three here.
First, handing out more high school and college diplomas doesn't magically create more good-paying jobs. When more credentials are chasing the same number of decent jobs, what you get is credential inflation: jobs that used to require a high school degree now require a college degree; jobs that used to require an Associate degee now require a Bachelor's degreee; and so on. Obviously the supply of good-paying jobs is not a fixed constant of nature, but there is no reason to think that the supply will automatically go up to match the number of people with the necessary credentials. The types of jobs available in a society, and their level of compensation, is determined by many factors (demand, worker power, technology, global competition, natural resources, etc.) that have little to do with the number of degrees that society is minting.
Second, having more education does not necessarily increase people's productive capacity. Those in the know will identify this as the old "signaling v. human capital" point. The short of it is that, even if jobs did automatically pop into existence to match people's level of productive ability, it's not at all clear that college education necessarily does a lot to increase people's productive ability. Instead, what college education does (at least in part) is signal to employers that you have a certain level of relative "quality" over others in society. As more people get degrees, the value of this signal declines, but more importantly, the point is that the degree was always a signal, not a productivity enhancer.
Third, poverty is really about non-working people: children, elderly, disabled, students, carers, and the unemployed. The big things that cause poverty for adults over the age of 25 in a low-welfare capitalist society—old-age, disability, unemployment, having children—do not go away just because you have a better degree. These poverty-inducing circumstances are social constants that could strike anyone of us and do strike many of us at some point in our lives. To the extent that education does nothing to provide better income support for those who do find themselves in these vulnerable situations, its effect on overall poverty levels will always be weak, or, as with the US in the last 23 years, totally nonexistent.
Technical note. For this post, I used the Official Poverty Metric (OPM) to measure poverty. This is mainly because it's the only metric for which publicly accessible microdata exists back to 1991. The OPM is deeply flawed because it excludes from its calculation taxes, tax credits, and non-cash benefits like WIC, Section 8, and Food Stamps. Because the alleged poverty-reducing mechanism of higher educational attainment is that it increases market income (not welfare income or income from refundable tax credits), the OPM's flaws are not really relevant here. In short, the OPM, despite its problems, works perfectly fine here.
EXCLUSIVE: Karen Gillan has been tapped to co-star in James Ponsoldt's film adaptation of Dave Eggers' The Circle. The Doctor Who and Guardians Of The Galaxy actor joins a loaded cast that includes Tom Hanks, Emma Watson and John Boyega.
Gillan has been set to play Annie, a warm, cute, goofy, old-money confident and fiercely intelligent member of The Circle, an Internet monopoly that links users' personal emails, social media, banking and purchasing with their universal operating system. The result is one online identity and a new age of civility and transparency — which turns out not to always be a good thing.
The movie was one of the hottest titles in Cannes earlier this year, when Alicia Vikander was attached to star opposite Hanks as a college graduate who goes to work at the conglom. Watson took over when Vikander exited among a bevy of other offers following their breakout success in Ex Machina — they ended up landing a lead role in the next Jason Bourne movie.
Gillan's upcoming projects include the Adam McKay pic The Big Short, Ti West's Western In The Valley Of Violence and the Guardians Of The Galaxy sequel in which they reprise their role a Nebula. They also have been cast in HBO's period drama pilot The Devil You Know. The Scotland-born actor is repped by UTA, Troika in the UK and Jacoway, Tyerman.
Bradley Wright-Phillips sure has this hat trick thing down pat.
Wright-Phillips enjoyed their third three-goal outing of the 2014 season on Saturday night, scoring in three different ways to inspire their New York Red Bulls to a 4-1 thumping of the league-leading Seattle Sounders. The veteran set the tone for the win by scoring on a rebound 30 seconds in, then added a penalty kick in the second half before one-timing a low cross from the left into the back of the net with their final play of the game in the 58th minute.
The impressive perfomance not only gave the Englishman 24 goals on the year and a good shot at breaking MLS' all-time single-season scoring record, but also saw them unanimously voted Week 28's MLS Player of the Week by the North American Soccer reporters. Wright-Phillips is the fifth player to win the award with a unanimous vote, and it's their second second Player of the Week nod after they earned it back in Week 8 with their first hat trick of the season.
The last player to be voted the MLS Player of the Week by a unanimous decision was Sounders forward Clint Dempsey back in Week 6.
2014 MLS PLAYER OF THE WEEK
Concord, NH –-(Ammoland.com)- As we wrote in the August 3 update to the article “Tell this potential Republican candidate for President that New Hampshire voters are watching him!,” our notice about New Jersey Governor (and potential presidential candidate) Chris Christie has “gone viral,” generating major news reports on state (New Jersey), national, and even international (Reuters) news sites.
The article urged voters in New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation Republican presidential primary election to see if Christie vetoes New Jersey gun control legislation.
Unfortunately, some people do not like to see their anti-gun agenda challenged.
So much so, Pro-Gun New Hampshire received profanity-laced complaints and even death threats.
Here are two such actual messages sent through the PGNH website, exactly as received (except for redacted obscenity):
—– Original Message —–
From: <[email protected]>
To: [PRO-GUN NEW HAMPSHIRE]
Sent: Saturday, August 03, 2013 7:34 PM
Subject: [Message to Pro-Gun New Hampshire] “Christie” jck f sent a message using the contact form at http://pgnh.org/contact. As resident of NJ who happens to be for reasonable gun control I'm curious
who the f*** [The actual message used the full word] you people think you are to be
interfering in the NJ governor's race with your threats/
—– Original Message —– From: <[email protected]>
To: [PRO-GUN NEW HAMPSHIRE]
Sent: Sunday, August 04, 2013 12:16 PM
Subject: [Message to Pro-Gun New Hampshire] “Sam Cohen” [This message was addressed to Sam Cohen, Pro-Gun New Hampshire (PGNH) Executive Vice President and CEO, because they were briefly interviewed for, and quoted in, the Reuters article.] Howard Cohen sent a message using the contact form at
http://pgnh.org/contact. As a registered Democrat, and certainly not an avid supporter of Chris Christie, I abhor their [sic – they mean “Sam Cohen's”] threat to the NJ governor about their possible stance on gun control. When viewing all the daily gun violence in this country and mocking all the gun rights advocates who see any sort of gun control as a threat to their second amendment rights, I can only hope that Mr. Cohen, and they share my last name, has a personal tragedy involving guns. Then perhaps they will somewhat modify their positions. The Second Amendment is outdated, irrelevant and sorely in need of repeal. Nobody back in the 1700's could have possibly envisioned the type of weaponry, size of our population and composition of our current society when they drafted that legislation. Their main purpose was to prevent government anarchy and unlawful impingement on civil rights and property seizure. If you actually feel that this is still a viable threat, you should be transported to a psychiatric facility to deal with your paranoia. I strongly feel that the only way all you self righteous gun advocates might alter your perceptions is in the presence of a personal tragedy involving a gun event. I sincerely wish that some deranged individual would take a legal assault weapon and shoot up the office and personnel of the NRA. They exert too much power in our country and require extermination. That's all I can say MR. COHEN. [Emphasis added] ——————
These were two examples of the kind of negative correspondence we have been getting, mainly from New Jersey based anti gun supporters. Be assured, though, that there have been many, many more messages and calls expressing support.
[Editor's note: Sam Cohen has written a separate article, expanding on this report with their personal commentary.]
About Pro-Gun New Hampshire
Pro-Gun New Hampshire is a statewide organization of legislators, other public officials, and private citizens pledged to support and defend Second Amendment and sportsmen's rights within the state of New Hampshire. Our focus is on influencing state legislation through the personal relationships, honorable reputations, and mature conduct of our leadership and members. Visit: www.pgnh.org
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power. — Oscar Wilde
White Nationalist Sim City is more fun with lots of sex, the kinkier the better. A friend was reminiscing about spanking jokes on I Love Lucy they remember as a girl. They were embarrassed and humiliated at the idea of women being spanked by men, even if those men and women were husband and wife. They were certainly not interested in it, and couldn't fathom why anyone would be.
Johnny comes home early from work and Sally is in a foul mood. They snipe at each other and things escalate until Sally grabs a plate off of the kitchen counter and smashes it against the stove, shattering it and sending pieces flying. Johnny grabs Sally's arm, pins them against the counter, and spanks them Hard, with their hand, six times. Sally bursts into tears, Johnny turns them around and hugs them tightly.
A few things can happen next. Sally might cry into their shoulder for a bit, Johnny may kiss her, things get hot and heavy and they are upstairs making up in the best way possible. Sally might push Johnny's arms away, walk into the living room and they ignore each other for the rest of the night. Maybe Sally decides things have gotten way too far and they need someone to talk to, someone to intervene in this relationship. Maybe they want to just grab the kids and walk out. Maybe they want Johnny to leave for a few days.
Who they call is of vital interest to any White Nationalist Sim City player. A family member might be the first choice, a sister or mother. If they don't have family close, but Sally and Johnny are members of their local church, Sally might call the Pastor's wife, who will in turn talk to the Pastor, who will in turn talk to Johnny. The presumably elder and more experienced couple gives advice, counsel, and helps mediate the problem.
Or Sally can call the police. Agents of the state, heavily armed, almost certainly strangers to both Sally and Joe, will show up and do the mediation. Since they don't know anything about Sally and Johnny personally, it's all just a formula, Participant A did this, that, and Participant B did the other. If you're an MRA you might say the police will always take Sally's side, if you're a feminist, you might say domestic violence organizations need more funding.
The police will not spank Sally. But they have the legal authority to pin them down, put them in a pain compliance hold, beat them with a nightstick, restrain them in handcuffs, take them to jail, and even kill them The police can do the same to Johnny. Judges and lawyers will decide what happens next. The best case scenario is the police come, talk to both parties, and the police write up a long report about the incident. The worst case scenario might be both Sally and Johnny dead. Maybe even the dog too.
In the land of Hollywood mafia movies, when two soldiers have a conflict, they obviously can't go the police, so they go to the Godfather. They mediate the dispute, both parties accept their decision, the dispute is settled. When a soldier is having trouble with their wife, he's told by the Godfather, no one's telling you you can't do what you want to do, but you have to go home to the wife and kids and make things right. The mafia can't have a divorce, because then lawyers start tracing property and its origins and that will destroy the syndicate.
In certain less criminal industries, they may have a volunteer mediation arrangement. In most spheres, there's a hierarchy of authority that one must submit to, and the more the state is involved in those spheres, the more deadly force is both available and often quick to be used. The state doesn't handle property disputes with any more finesse. Layers of inefficient bureaucracy that can confiscate anything you own, garnish your future earnings, and even lock you up if you don't pay up. The state is the Ultimate Godfather, as the state has the monopoly on force.
The workplace has a hierarchy of authority as well, and at will employment is the norm. Corporations are a strict hierarchy, owners to managers to workers. The larger the company, the more ties they have to the state, ranging from cozy to antagonistic, through lawyers and lobbyists.
There's always been a strong libertarian streak in America: “the government that governs least governs best.” Economically, it's always been free enterprise, at least in theory, with the state expected to stay out of the workplace for the most part, other than basic regulations and enforcement methods and, of course, taxes. One of the unique aspects of America is the freedom of religion. America has always had the Church, and due to the Protestant heritage, it was churches, with plenty of variety in particulars. In America, religion is a social sphere with a unique and wide-ranging record of independence from the state.
Of the Ten Commandments, the state is heavily involved in murder, theft, and false witness. The only other commandment the state is ever involved in is the prohibition on adultery, in states without no-fault divorce. There's no death penalty for adultery as with murder, and the adulterer is presumably disfavored in the divorce settlement.
If there's no civil society to buffer the family, then the state, with it's brutal and bureaucratic indifference, will step into the most personal, private, intimate – and complex – affairs. With smaller nuclear families and little participation in civil society, atomized individuals are perfect citizens, genderless, interchangeable, propagandized by advertising and media. Families that cannot afford a full time Mother will have to send kids to public schools, to be brainwashed by cultural Marxism and subject to the perversity of the modern culture. Families that cannot afford a full time Wife to feed the family will have to eat corn syrup factory phood. The old time Protestant institutions have been wholly captured by the state (local schools) or have been marginalized by economic and social changes (fraternal organizations.) Men and women that have no civil society, no organized social network, no community – and a tiny extended family due to lower reproduction – are the incubators for the New Amerikan Person-Unit.
So the spankings will continue until morale improves.
The Politics of Dancing – Re-flex
We got the message
I heard it on the airwaves
The politicians
Are now DJ's
Yes we're counting on you
That what you say
Is what you do
It's in the papers
It's on your t.v. news
The application
It's just a point of view
Well you know you can't stop it
When they start to play
You gotta get out the way
The broadcast was spreading
Station to station
Like an infection
Across the nation
Well you know you can't stop it
When they start to play
You gotta get out the way
The politics of dancing
The politics of ooo feeling good
The politics of moving
Is this message understood
We're under the pressure
Yes we're counting on you
That what you say
Is what you do
It's in the papers
It's on your t.v. news
The application
It's just a point of view
Well you know you can't stop it
When they start to play
You gotta get out the way
The Alabama Senate race to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions's vacant seat was supposed to be a shoo-in for Republicans. But that changed after Moore was accused by nine women of sexual misconduct or abuse when they were teenagers in Alabama, and nearly all of the institutional Republican party abandoned him—except Trump. Trump stayed quiet during the thick of the scandal, finally buoying Moore in remarks made to reporters right before Thanksgiving. Earlier this week, Trump made it official, tweeting that “we need Republican Roy Moore to win” and offering Moore their support over the phone.
Trump's last big rally was in September on behalf of Moore's then-opponent in the runoff, Senator Luther Strange, who lost to Moore a few days afterward. But even then, Trump seemed lukewarm on Strange and promised at the rally to back Moore, already a controversial figure because of their opposition to LGBT rights, anti-Islam comments, and losing their judgeship over their insistence on keeping a 10 Commandments monument in the state supreme court.
One benefit of the rally not being an official campaign event for Moore was that Trump was free to fill most of it with their standard rally fare, touting their trade maneuvers and attacking the news media. Even so, Trump did more for Moore's campaign on Friday night than Moore himself, who has not publicly campaigned since Tuesday and has no public events until Monday, when they will appear at a “Drain the Swamp” rally in southeastern Alabama.
Pensacola is about an hour away from Mobile, Alabama, and shares the same media market. When Trump asked if anyone in the crowd was from Alabama, a large portion of the audience cheered.
Many Republicans had quietly dropped their opposition to Moore even before this—even Mitch McConnell, who had threatened to expel Moore from the Senate if elected, said on Sunday that the voters of Alabama should decide. Everyone, it seems, is now on the same page; Trump; their former chief strategist Steve Bannon, who backed Moore while Trump was still for Strange; the RNC, which had ditched Moore but is now supporting them again.
Moore's trajectory has mirrored Trump's after the leak of the Access Hollywood tape, which prompted a frenzy of disavowals in their party and then reversals as the election drew nearer. But a new development on Friday gave them more cover beyond just the likelihood of Moore winning. Beverly Young Nelson, a woman who had accused Moore of assaulting them when they were a teenager and displayed a high school yearbook signed by Moore at a press conference with Gloria Allred, acknowledged that they had added the date in their own hand, though they still say Moore signed the yearbook.
This was immediately portrayed as a “forgery” by some influential voices on the right, including Fox News, which later retracted its headline saying Nelson had “forged” the inscription.
China Film Co. has come on board to co-finance Legendary Entertainment's “Warcraft” and “Seventh Son,” investing at least $10 million in the tentpoles. Deal was made with Legendary East, Thomas Tull's Chinese film arm.
The deal marks the first time China Film Co. has taken a stake in Hollywood films. If the Legendary productions are approved for Chinese release, China Film Co. will distribute the films there with distribution and marketing support to be provided by Legendary East and Universal Pictures.
The announcement comes nearly a year after Legendary announced it was partnering with China Film Co. in a multi-year co-production deal designed for the Chinese and global markets. China Film Co. is the largest producer and distributor of movies in China and is owned by the China Film Group.
That agreement also called for the two companies to fund the development and production of multiple pictures over an initial three-year term.
“These investments are an important step in the evolution of our partnership with China Film Co., Ltd.,” said Thomas Tull, CEO of Legendary Entertainment.
The pact calls for China Film Co., to be credited on those films and its equity to be recouped on a worldwide basis.
Legendary East worked with then-partner Warner Bros. last year for the release of “Pacific Rim” in China, where it outgrossed the U.S. box office with $115 million.
Universal Pictures is releasing Jeff Bridges' fantasy vehicle “Seventh Son” on Feb. 6 in the U.S. “Warcraft,” based on Blizzard Entertainment's popular videogame franchise “World of Warcraft,” is set for a March 11, 2016, domestic release.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Congressional Budget Office delivered brutal news to House Republicans on Wednesday. Their health care bill will cost 23 million people their health insurance over the next decade, according to the CBO's new analysis.
House Republicans passed their health care plan, the American Health Care Act, earlier this month, before the CBO had time to run the numbers. As Republicans now struggle to defend the bill they've already approved, they've latched onto one piece of good news contained in the CBO report: The average premiums will decrease between 4 percent and 20 percent by 2026. The drop will vary by state, depending on which states take advantage of waivers in the bill that would allow less generous coverage.
This @USCBO report again confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums and the deficit. https://t.co/kmjeUP2qqF pic.twitter.com/YJnXUyD3xO — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) May 24, 2017
While technically true, this argument is highly misleading. The CBO does not prophesy a buffet of cheap plans for buyers on the individual market to choose from. Instead, it is simply calculating the average premium it believes people will pay on the open market under the House Republicans' health care plan. And there are two main reasons the CBO believes that average will ultimately fall. First, plans will be cheaper because they will provide less coverage. Second, because the bill allows insurers to charge older people more and provides less generous subsidies, many older, sicker people will be priced out. Put simply, the average premium goes down because the market will target young, healthy people while pricing out older, sicker people.
“Both the scope of benefits would be less and then the population would change, and that's why premiums would go down,” says Edwin Park, vice president for health policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. In short, comparing today's premiums to those under the GOP bill is comparing apples and oranges. In this case, the apples are comprehensive plans available to all, and the oranges are skimpier plans geared toward the young and healthy. For most people keeping the same coverage, according to Park, premiums would actually go up.
And the killer table: A lower-income 64-year-old would still see their premiums rise by $12k to $14k pic.twitter.com/JE8bewRv2U — Jordan Weissmann (@JHWeissmann) May 24, 2017
When the CBO scored the first iteration of the GOP health care bill in March, it predicted that in 10 years, premiums would be 10 percent lower on average. In the latest version, Republicans have managed to drive premiums down even further, by around 20 percent in states that choose to take advantage of coverage waivers. This is accomplished by allowing insurance companies to offer even stingier plans than in the previous version of the bill. The current bill alters the requirement under current law that insurers cover essential health benefits, such as prescriptions, mental health treatment, and maternity and newborn care, allowing states to greatly roll back the kinds of care that are included. “The average premium is weighted by what they think people are going to enroll in, and that's going to be less generous plans,” Park says.
But lower premiums may not result in meaningful savings. According to the CBO, although premiums will go down, out-of-pocket costs will rise substantially. The Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, required plans to cover at least 70 percent of all eligible benefits. But that provision is gone in the House GOP bill, resulting in plans with higher deductibles and more out-of-pocket costs for covered services. And whereas Obamacare has a cost-sharing feature to help low-income Americans with their co-pays and deductibles, the GOP bill eliminates this extra funding.
As the CBO's analysis states, “Although premiums would decline, on average, in states that chose to narrow the scope of [essential health benefits], some people enrolled in nongroup insurance would experience substantial increases in what they would spend on health care.” The report singles out “out-of-pocket spending on maternity care and mental health and substance abuse services,” predicting that people on the individual market would see their costs increase by “thousands of dollars in a given year.”
People who prefer a more comprehensive plan with lower deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses may be out of luck. Cheaper plans with minimal coverage will attract the healthiest people. The CBO predicts that insurers will stop offering more comprehensive plans—those equivalent to today's gold or platinum plans—because they assume that mostly sicker people will buy them.
So when Republicans brag that their plan lowers premiums, that's true. But it does it by providing worse coverage to fewer people with higher out-of-pocket expenses. Only the young and healthy are likely to save under the new plan—at least until they get sick.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Choking is never pretty to watch, whether by a football team, in a child or by a political candidate suddenly running in blind panic. Nobody does the choke better than Hillary Clinton.
They famously choked in 2008, when their cakewalk to the Democratic presidential nomination was suddenly interrupted by Barack Obama, an upstart first-term senator from Illinois, an inexperienced radical, and black besides. Not exactly a candidate with all the conventional advantages. Hillary came through with an epic choke, and the rest is history.
Hillary's very bad, not at all good week has put another cakewalk on hold. The polls are tightening dramatically, the FBI and WikiLeaks keep coming at her, and on the stump Hillary's looking a hint unhinged. She's beginning to shriek. She's still the favorite, but no longer by very much, and their most faithful acolytes, from Wall Street to K Street to Hollywood Boulevard, are wetting their pants.
Patrick Caddell, a veteran of the polling trade for Democratic presidential candidates, says Hillary suddenly “looks kind of hysterical, out there making wild attacks now, and going crazy.”
They opened the last full week on the stump with a broadside that the Republican campaign enjoys the advantage of ties between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. They took this from idea from Slate, a beacon of misinformation (and sometimes disinformation) on the left, and this was soon too much even for The New York Times. The lighter-than-air charge blew away on the first breeze of the morning.
“I think they don't know what to do do,” Mr. Caddell says, with Hillary's negatives and unfavorables higher than the Donald's deplorables. They turned on the television the next morning and “the hysteria on MSNBC was palpable.”
“This thing will move in its own direction,” they say, “but I think things could be coalescing. It's not just the emails. It's the larger attitudes about the country.”
Sometimes an observant man senses movement even before the polls do, but this time the hunch and the polls say the same thing, that something is going on out there in the strange and the dark in Peoria and beyond. Some observers liken it to the campaign of 1980, which Jimmy Carter led all the way to the final week, thinking they had successfully relegated the Gipper to the backwoods of Upper Oblivia by painting them as a wild man eager to get on with World War III.
Without even an October surprise, the worm and the tide turned, almost as if in tandem, and in the last seven days of the campaign the Gipper caught fire and won it going away. In another week it would have been a landslide.
Hillary remains the betting favorite, though the odds seem to be shrinking almost hourly. All the consultants' predictive models say so. Nate Silver's closely watched website FiveThirtyEight, accurate in the past, gives the Donald only a 30 percent chance of winning, but that's twice the 15 percent chance as calculated for them on October 17.
Democrats, trying to keep their pants dry as they whistle past this graveyard, insist they're still confident but concede that Hillary's margin might be narrower than they once thought, and maybe the margin won't be enough to win the four seats the Democrats must have to take back the Senate. (The House, everybody agrees, is no longer in peril.)
Robert Shrum, a senior strategist for several Democratic presidential candidates, still has their lunch money on Hillary, but concedes there “may be some” fallout from James Comey's dramatic announcement that the FBI has resumed its investigation into Hillary's email-and-national security debacle.
The Donald has even been closing the gap among women, though Hillary continues on the right side of the vast divide. What has put their campaign in panic mode is that the turnout of black voters looks to be down dramatically, despite the spirited campaigning of President Obama. Hillary is trying everything, even pretending to like turnip greens, cornbread and black-eyed peas in soul-food joints in Florida. “The blacks are just not listening,” one Democratic strategist says. “They don't like Hillary any more than anyone else does.”
In the last days and hours of any campaign it's movement and momentum — what George Bush the Elder called “the big mo” — that counts most. Once momentum gathers speed it pushes aside everything, and there's not much anyone can do to stop it. If such a wave appears, it will have to appear soon.
Everybody searches for a metaphor to explain the unknown. “The days right before an election are like the re-entry of a spacecraft,” says Bob Shrum. ” We just don't know what's going to happen.” And that, dear heart, is what's so scary.
• Wesley Pruden is editor-in-chief emeritus of The Times.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
What are the chances that a vasectomy could “reverse itself” and allow a pregnancy to occur? This is one of the top questions men (and women) have about the vasectomy procedure.
The short answer is that even though it's technically possible for a vasectomy to spontaneously reverse, it is extremely rare.
How can a vasectomy reverse itself?
An unintended post-vasectomy reversal is known as a recanalization. Recanalization is a process in which sperm regains the ability to enter a man's semen after a vasectomy, resulting in the remote possibility of pregnancy. We discuss recanalization in more detail below and also in this article.
Harvard Medical School reports that recanalization occurs in approximately 1 in 4000 vasectomies. This figure will vary from source to source, but the bottom line is that recanalization is a very uncommon event.
Even when recanalization does occur, the resulting sperm counts are typically much lower than before and are therefore less likely to result in a pregnancy. Just because a man has had a recanalization doesn't mean they will have pre-vasectomy levels of fertility.
Are you getting a vasectomy?
Plan ahead and get some cold packs and a 3 pack of jock straps for a comfortable post-surgery recovery!
Another consideration is that most studies on recanalization and vasectomy failure were performed before the advent of new surgical techniques such as thermal cautery and fascial interposition. These new methods have further increased the effectiveness of vasectomy and have brought the recanalization rate even closer to 0%.
How does recanalization happen?
When a vasectomy has “reversed itself” or recanalized, it doesn't mean that open ends of the vas deferens tubes have simply reconnected. The surgical techniques involved with modern vasectomy procedures–along with the body's natural healing and scarring processes–make this more or less impossible.
A recanalization occurs when sperm are able to escape from the cut end of the vas deferens due to microscopic channels that have formed in the patient's scar tissue. These tiny channels may be the result of a sperm granuloma, improper surgical technique, or other complications. If these microchannels develop and the two severed ends of the vas deferens are very close or touching, sperm may be able to travel from one section of tube to the other.
For more information on this topic, see our article on post-vasectomy recanalization.
Risk of pregnancy after recanalization
The newly formed microchannels resulting from recanalization are much smaller than a man's previously intact vas deferens, so the chances of pregnancy will probably be greatly reduced compared to their pre-vasectomy fertility levels.
Nonetheless, recanalization is a form of vasectomy failure, which means the patient is not considered sterile. In situations where recanalization has occurred, an additional vasectomy will be necessary to ensure 100% sterility.
How is recanalization detected?
Recanalization can be detected during the post-vasectomy semen analysis, which usually takes place three months after the procedure. Unfortunately, many men do not return for a sperm count, and in these cases a recanalization is not discovered until a man's partner has an unexpected pregnancy.
This is one reason why it is so vital for men to follow their doctor's follow-up instructions and have a proper sperm count after their operation.
Other types of vasectomy failure
Not all vasectomy failures are a result of recanalization. If a man has unprotected sex before semen analysis confirms their sperm count is zero, they can still impregnate a woman. For more on this, see our article on pregnancy after vasectomy.
As records tumble on east coast, politicians debate the energy mix they need to combat climate change and ensure supply
A long, hot summer in Australia is smashing weather records, with about a fifth of the country predicted to swelter in temperatures of more than 40C on Saturday.
The hottest days yet this summer are forecast for parts of New South Wales and Queensland, which have taken the brunt of a series of heatwaves in recent months.
Soaring use of air-conditioning has put the country's power networks to the test. Electricity shortages caused a blackout for 40,000 people in South Australia on Thursday, and businesses and households in New South Wales have been urged to curb their power consumption to avoid similar problems.
Meanwhile politicians have clashed over the reliability of power networks and the merits of phasing out coal-fired power for renewable energy as Australia pursues its commitments under the Paris climate deal.
Stephen Wood, a senior forecaster at the Bureau of Meteorology, said roughly 20% of Australia – an area equivalent to 1.5m sq km (roughly 580,000 sq miles) – would experience peak temperatures of over 40C on Saturday.
“To have such a large area of temperatures above 40C and for so long is definitely unusual,” they said. “These next three days, large areas are going to suffer through the pain of it, unfortunately.”
Sydney airport recorded its hottest February day ever at 42.9C, breaking a 37-year record. Wood said the month was on track to be the hottest on record in both Sydney and Brisbane, following on from their hottest January on record.
Peak temperatures of 48C were forecast in areas around Ivanhoe, in central New South Wales. Three places in north-west NSW were forecast next week to break the state record of 50 consecutive days above 35C, Wood said.
A total fire ban for the state was declared and residents of the Hunter Valley were warned of “catastrophic” fire conditions in coming days. Horse racing and school sports events scheduled for the weekend were cancelled.
The heatwaves have been caused by the buildup of hot air in the desert interior of Australia. This summer had been unusual in the dearth of any cold fronts from the southern Indian Ocean to “flush out” that reservoir of hot air, Wood said.
Tim Flannery, a prominent environmentalist and former chief commissioner of the government's former Climate Commission, said this summer's heatwaves were “documented to be part of a growing trend” in Australia's south-east cities.
“The heatwaves are coming earlier in the season, they can be experienced later in the season, they're longer and they're more intense,” said Flannery, now with the non-profit organisation Climate Council. “That trend is just continuing across the country and across the world.”
Flannery said this Australian summer had probably given many people in southern cities their first jolting awareness of the effects of climate change.
Australia's heatwave: some like it hot – but not this hot Read more
“Unless you're a farmer, or you're out in the regions or you visit places like the Great Barrier Reef, it's possible that you would've got by without having much direct experience of climate change beyond an intensified weather event,” they said.
“But these heatwaves are by far the most dangerous of the extreme weather phenomena we see in this country. They kill more people and they certainly are felt into the cities. They're a good gauge, if you want, of people's experience of climate change.”
The government seized on the South Australia blackouts as evidence of the folly of the state's promotion of wind power in its energy mix. The treasurer, Scott Morrison, brought a lump of coal into parliament on Thursday to make a case for the importance of the fossil fuel in reliable power supply.
“Don't be afraid. Don't be scared,” Morrison told the Labor opposition, whose state counterparts are pursuing renewable energy targets of as high as 50% by 2030.
New South Wales, which relies largely on coal for power, and the Australian Capital Territory were predicted to face power cuts on Friday, but in the end this did not happen.
Nevertheless, the warning prompted the Queensland government to export a spare 1,000 megawatts of power to help NSW avoid having to cut electricity.
Mark Bailey, the Queensland energy minister, said the power crisis in New South Wales was taking place in “a state with one of the lowest levels of large-scale renewables in the country.
“That's something [the federal government] can't explain because it doesn't fit in with their ideological position.”
As preparations accelerate for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, sporting relations on the divided Korean Peninsula in recent years have seldom appeared more amicable, despite the building nuclear tensions and escalating talk of war.
Last month, North Korea sent its women's national hockey team to play a match in South Korea and the squads posed together for a photograph. For the first time, South Korea's women's soccer team also played in North Korea.
Olympic organizers want to sustain the relatively cordial relations and to curb any threat to the Games, with hopes that North Korea will participate.
The Winter Olympics will take place in February in Pyeongchang, South Korea, about 40 miles from the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea. If any North Korean athletes qualify for the Winter Games — none have so far — plans call for them to travel through the heavily fortified DMZ, in what South Korean officials describe as a gesture of peace.
Ken Burns' much anticipated, newly released Vietnam War documentary is receiving high praise from practically everyone, including George Will, who has called it a “masterpiece” and a fine “example of how to calmly assess episodes fraught with passion and sorrow.”
Thus far through the series, I have certainly been inspired to contemplate many of our contemporary culture war battles through the lens of Vietnam. But the documentary especially makes me think of my now-deceased father, who was themselves a Vietnam War veteran.
Why My Father Fought
My father grew up practically at ground zero of the 1960s southern segregation fight, desegregation coinciding with their junior year at Huntsville High School in Alabama. They were disgusted by the racism pervasive among their many white classmates, and became a liberal hippy, experimenting with drugs, drinking with Black Panthers, and loudly vocalizing their opposition to the Vietnam War. Yet in order to help pay for college at Auburn University, they joined the university's ROTC program.
They ultimately dropped out of Auburn, only to have their draft number called. They promptly answered, and spent four years as a U.S. Army medic, two of which were spent serving in South Korea, including participating in the medevacs to retrieve and care for soldiers wounded in Vietnam. In the few anecdotes they told about their experience in that theater, I never got the impression that their liberal politics obstructed their ability to serve their country, the country their father and grandfather had also served in World Wars I and II.
The virtue of patriotism also stands out in my knowledge of my father's service. They remained adamant throughout their life that Vietnam was the wrong war: a tremendous waste of life, money, and American goodwill. But this never meant they aren't proud to serve. Every 4th of July at our church, the pastor would ask military servicemen to stand during the service's national anthem. My dad reluctantly but dutifully stood, their head held high. Their personal political opinions never obstructed their patriotism, their love for their country, or their loyalty to the flag and what it stood for. They remained ever proud to be a U.S. Army medic.
Grappling With Grief
My father's military service was also marked by an intense suffering and isolation. They loved to tell stories about their wayward youth, but offered few details about their war experience. A close family friend died from cancer when I was in eighth grade—my mother and father were both there at their deathbed. Afterwards my mother wept, but my father never shed a tear. I asked them why. “I've seen too much death in my life,” they reply. “I don't think I'm capable of crying anymore.”
Sometimes my mother would ask me to wake my father from their weekend naps. I was terrified to do it. If I came too close to him, trying to quietly speak their name, he'd violently grab my arm, their eyes portraying some mad, primal readiness to kill.
“I'm sorry,” he'd mutter with embarrassment once he'd collected their senses. “I've spent a lot of nights fearing for my life.”
I knew few stories of my father's actual service. There were no old war buddies. When my father was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, I spent months in vain trying to contact those with whom they served. I never received any responses.
Four years since their death to cancer, I have had plenty of time to reflect on their memory and the four years they gave in the middle of the Cold War. I see in today's college-age youth (who are the same age my father was, when they were drafted) many of the same qualities my father possessed: a passion for life, a fervent commitment to social justice, and a yearning for a better world. Yet in other respects, there seems a divergence: a very potent immaturity and irresponsibility visible across much of the millennial generation, something I think even my hippy father would have found disconcerting.
Our Fraught New World
Fewer Americans in younger generations have served in the military than our predecessors. Moreover, a comparatively smaller percentage of young Americans even have a family member who has served. As many military historians and social scientists have observed, this has created a society far less understanding of military life and its inevitable costs. It's also enabled a growing inertia regarding U.S. military intervention overseas: if one doesn't know anyone who has served in Afghanistan or Iraq, who cares if the U.S. maintains a military presence there?
Like the Vietnam War era, we've witnessed an increase in student protests on American campuses. But whereas protests during my father's era were motivated by calls for the U.S. Government to extricate itself from a war many Americans believed to be unjust and unwinnable, today's young demonstrators seek to silence speakers and academics with whom they disagree. In some cases, they violently attack them or those defending them; they have even imprisoned the most pliant academics in their offices. Students evince not tenacity, intellectual precision, or personal sacrifice, but irrational angst and hyper-sensitivity at the slightest threat of micro-aggressions.
Patriotism and pride in national identity also appears to be on the wane. Iconoclast movements across America seek not only to tear down monuments dedicated to Confederate war heroes, but anyone associated with causes deemed inimical to the progressivist mantra. Those who discovered America, pioneered many of their greatest achievements, and even led their federal and state governments have been vilified and demonized. Demonstrators have demanded the memory of such individuals be effectively erased from our public consciousness. This is a strange way to show one's love of country.
Preserving Our Soldiers' Legacy
While my family lived in southeast Asia the past three years, I took a few trips to Vietnam. During one, my wife and I took a riverboat tour of the Mekong River Delta. Our guide was an older man who was friendly, if conspicuously serious. Late in the afternoon, when conversation veered to the historical U.S. presence in Vietnam, I confessed to them that my father had served in that conflict as a medic. They immediately pulled up the sleeve of one of their shirts, showing us the length of their left arm. It appeared strangely twisted, as if permanently dislocated. “This,” they told us, “is what the communists did to me in a reeducation camp 40 years ago.” They had been a soldier in the South Vietnamese Army, and had worked alongside American soldiers, they said. “Thank your father for what they did for my country.”
Thus far, Ken Burns' documentary has lived up to expectations. I pray that those who watch it—few of whom, I fear, are of my generation—will be persuaded of the good our country still possesses, the prevailing potency of its founding principles, and the loyalty and love we are bound to give it. That would preserve and honor the legacy of my father, as well as the hundreds of thousands of other Americans in the Vietnamese war effort. In God's unsearchable providence, that elderly Vietnamese riverboat guide's pride tells me it wasn't a waste.
It's arguably the most influential think tank in the country, pushing a free market pro-Brexit vision and enjoying privileged access to media and ministers. But what does their background in 'disaster capitalism' tell us about Legatum's Brexit agenda?
In June 2016, the Legatum Institute was just another free market think tank floating around the edges of Westminster. If you'd heard of it at all, it was probably for its regular 'prosperity indexes', which provided fodder for countless news stories about the happiest, richest and even the 'most hard-up' places to live.
Fast forward less than eighteen months. Legatum is now the Brexiteers' think tank of choice.
Funded by a Dubai-based, New Zealand-born billionaire as well as around 40 mostly anonymous donors and based in plush Mayfair offices, Legatum has the ear of large sections of the British media and government.
But former Legatum employees and others we spoke to called into question the think tank's experience and raised concerns about the burgeoning influence of the group. Labour MP Ben Bradshaw recently called for the UK government "to look at the Legatum Institute, its relationship with the Government, and the background of its founder and main funder, Christopher Chandler."
Legatum's belief that Britain should remove all tariffs has almost become an article of faith for leading eurosceptics, including Brexit minister Steve Baker. In a recent Times op-ed Shanker Singham, chairperson of Legatum's self-styled 'special trade commission', wrote that Britain could "maximise the benefits and minimise the disruptions of Brexit" by leaving the EU as soon as possible and removing tariffs.
The Irish border is a mere bagatelle, easily resolved by drones and ‘creative thinking'.
Legatum has garnered lots of publicity of late. This weekend the Mail on Sunday reported that Singham was involved in drawing up Boris and Johnson and Michael Gove's recent Brexit ultimatum. Meanwhile, Edward Lucas in the Times accused anyone who wanted to know more about Legatum and their influence on the UK government of ‘breathtaking' hypocrisy.
But what do trade experts think of Legatum? The FT said that Legatum's most recent report, the Brexit Inflection Point, report was “riddled with misconceptions large and small.” On Twitter, George Peretz, a lawyer specialising in trade law, described the proposal that the UK could become a "world leader" by immediate radical deregulation of tariffs as "not a realistic way forward".
Australia has just knocked back such a vision for post-Brexit trade with the UK. Previous Legatum reports have also met disdainful responses from experts. In September, the thinktank suggested it could solve the Irish border problem using drones. It also proposed the UK government "should consider giving a prize for technological solutions to incentivise the development of innovative solutions".
A prize to solve the Irish border problem? Publicly, politicos in Belfast politely described Legatum's ideas as "highly problematic". Privately, the language was far less restrained.
But of course, we have all had enough of experts. Except, it seems, if the expert is Shanker Singham. Michael Gove themselves told the Commons in February that they were "sanguine" about Brexit because they were taking "the lead from Shanker Singham and other distinguished trade negotiators" who believe leaving the EU will deliver economic growth both in the UK and "across the world".
While business complains of a lack of access to government, Singham has not struggled to get a hearing, meeting ministries at least seven times, most recently Michael Gove on Friday. When executives and business figures met with David Davis and other ministers at Chevening House during the summer, Singham was the sole think-tank representative present.
In July and August, Singham held private meetings with Philip Rycroft, a top civil servant at DExEU. Singham gave evidence to the Committee on Exiting the European Union. They also had meetings with Lord Headley of Bridges at Downing Street before the peer resigned from DExEU in June - although the Brexit department refused to release minutes of that meeting or a list of attendees, in a response to Freedom of Information request made by WhatDoTheyKnow. David Davis's department has been similarly reluctant to release information about other meetings between Legatum and Brexit ministers and officials, despite requests from openDemocracy and others.
Steve Baker, the ardently eurosceptic Brexit minister, has heaped praise on Legatum in parliament and on their own website on at least 20 occasions.
When Baker spoke highly of Legatum during a Commons debate in February 2017, their fellow Tory and Remainer Ed Vaizey responded: "I know the Legatum Institute well because the chap who has become flavour of the month for their knowledge of trade deals, Shanker Singham, was at school with me, which automatically makes them a dangerous member of the liberal metropolitan elite. It is important that we are aware that one of the Brexiteers' great champions is a member of the dangerous liberal metropolitan elite."
Singham, and Legatum, is certainly very well thought of in Conservative circles. "He is undoubtedly very knowledgeable regarding trade agreements," a well-placed Tory source said. "He seems to know more about the possibilities created by Brexit than anyone else." Theresa May, then home secretary, was guest speaker at the 2015 Legatum summer party. Many leading Conservatives have approvingly cited Legatum reports in recent months.
Some have questioned the depth of Legatum - and Singham's - trade expertise. Before joining Legatum at the start of 2016 as "director of economic policy and prosperity studies" , Singham was managing director for competitiveness and enterprise cities at Babson Global, in Boston. Among Babson's clients were the government of Republika Srpska, which comprises roughly half of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Republika Srpska has been controlled for more than a decade by the authoritarian Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Dodik. Earlier this year, the US imposed sanctions on Dodik.
Legatum director Shankam Signham in the Bosnian statelet of Republika Srpska. Facebook/Fair rights usage.
In October 2014, Singham met with Republika Srpska president Zeljka Cvijanovic in Banja Luka to sign a ‘letter of intent' to build an ‘entrepreneur's city' in the Serb-run statelet. From our inquiries this city has yet to be built.
Legatum was not always well disposed towards Brexit. Before the June 2016 referendum, it has widely seen as a liberal, pro-EU outfit. Among those employed from its Mayfair offices were US author Anne Applebaum and Soviet-born British journalist Peter Pomerantsev.
That changed in the wake of Brexit. Applebaum left after Philippa Stroud was appointed as CEO, in September 2016. The eurosceptic Baroness Stroud co-founded the Centre for Social Justice think-tank and was a special adviser to Brexiteer Iain Duncan Smith. Although a Remain voter during the EU referendum, Singham became head of a new Legatum special trade commission.
There were other personnel changes at Legatum. Matthew Elliot, head of Vote Leave, became a senior fellow. Toby Baxendale, who helped run Andrea Leadsom's Tory leadership campaign, became a trustee.
Baxendale established the radical free market think tank called Cobden Centre alongside Steve Baker. The think tank's objective, they said, was "to go for the jugular of the state, to cut the oxygen and the blood supply off and force it to be honest". Among the Cobden Centre's policies is a return to the gold standard.
In August, British-born New Zealander Crawford Falconer left Legatum's trade commission to become chief trade negotiation adviser at Liam Fox's Department for International Trade. The following month they made headlines when they insisted that UK regulations should be scrapped to get trade deals.
The Legatum Institute is a charity. Its 'lead sponsor' is the Legatum Foundation, according to annual accounts filed with the Charity Commission. The Legatum Foundation is controlled by Christopher Chandler, a Dubai-based private hedge fund billionaire originally from New Zealand. The foundation is registered in Bermuda and controlled by a company in the Cayman Islands. The Legatum Institute's income has grown significantly in recent years, from £35,000 in 2012, to more than £4m in 2016, its accounts reveal.
Christopher Chandler and their older brother, Richard, have been described as 'disaster capitalists'. They created a hedge fund in the 1980s after selling the family department store in Hamilton, New Zealand. They piled into Russia in the 'shock therapy' years when the Soviet Union's state-run businesses were rapidly privatised.
Sovereign Global, the brothers' fund, was by their reckoning the largest foreign portfolio investor in Russia by 1994. By 2002 the pair were the fourth largest investor in Gazprom, the Russian state-controlled gas company.
As Private Eye has reported, the brothers have given just one press interview in the 21st century - back in 2006. The Chandlers explained that they made money from "transition economies or distressed sectors where information is not easily available and standard metrics don't apply".
The brothers split their fortunes in 2006 and went their separate ways. Under Christopher's auspices, Sovereign turned into the Legatum Group, which now operates from a building it named Legatum Plaza in Dubai's financial centre.
The Legatum think tank in London still receives the bulk of its funding from Chandler and the Legatum Foundation. The charity also receives support from more than 40 separate donors. A spokesperson for Legatum said: "The Legatum Foundation provides the Institute with its core funding, as part of its vision is to see a more prosperous world for all…. We receive support from more than 40 separate donors covering a broad mix of individuals, businesses, trusts and foundations. All donors can remain anonymous if they wish – if not, they can receive credit in select publications, in our building, and on our website.”
Legatum has received funding from British Brexit backers including major City figures. In 2015, prominent pro-Brexit hedge fund manager Sir Paul Marshall bankrolled a 12-month research programme entitled 'A Vision for Capitalism'. The programme was run by Conservative commentator Tim Montgomerie and launched by then chancellor George Osborne. Montgomerie is now editor of UnHerd, a website backed by Marshall.
A spokesperson for Marshall said the multimillionaire investor no longer funded Legatum. "Paul co-chairs with Lord Hill something called Prosperity UK, which a group of us put together to bring Remainers and Leavers together to implement Brexit constructively. Legatum were one of the partners of the first conference. That might be why people might think they have supported their Brexit work. But they were helping them rather than the other way round."
In a statement, a spokesperson for Legatum said:
"The best possible Brexit outcome for the UK would be one that sees Britain flourish. The UK must be able to strike free trade deals with the EU and nations around the world. This is the goal we are working towards. Brexit will be a defining moment in the history of our nation. We must ensure that it becomes a pathway to greater prosperity for this and future generations."
But others, like Professor David Miller of Spinwatch, remain concerned. Miller told openDemocracy:
“Legatum has risen from nowhere, taken over by Philippa Stroud the former SPAD for Iain Duncan Smith, director of their think tank the Centre for social Justice and Christian fundamentalist. It is amazing how easy it is for partisan think tanks to gain charitable status and to do so while mostly funded by a single secretive offshore donor. The Charity Commission has been pushed into investigating this kind of issues before with groups like the Taxpayers Alliance. It should be rapidly investigating Legatum and its offshore connections.”
openDemocracy has contacted Shanker Singham for comment and will add any response received.
Apple's newest OS X El Capitan beta, released on Tuesday , contains code that may hint at some upcoming Apple product updates. Shared by Pierre Dandumont (via 9to5Mac ), the code references a Retina display with a 4096 x 2304 resolution, potentially referring to a future 21.5-inch Retina iMac with a 4K resolution.There's also a mention of Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200, the graphics chipset that accompanies Intel's newest line of Broadwell processors. Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 and a Broadwell/Skylake processor could potentially be destined for a 4K 21.5-inch Retina iMac, but the chipset is also suitable for a number of notebooks. There's a further mention of AMD Radeon M380 - M395X graphics, which could be used in high-end iMac models.Apple has updated its 27-inch iMac with a 5K Retina resolution, but the 21.5-inch iMac has thus far remained untouched as Apple has had to wait on appropriate chips for the machine. Apple's plans for the 21.5-inch iMac remain unclear , as Intel has only released two desktop-class Broadwell chips and does not plan to release additional desktop chips. For that reason, a 21.5-inch Retina iMac update could still be months off should Apple opt to wait for Broadwell's successor, Skylake.In addition to pointing towards a potential 21.5-inch iMac upgrade, code in the latest El Capitan beta also hints at a revamped Remote with a multi-touch trackpad that supports scrolling, a dedicated Bluetooth chip, and audio support, potentially for Siri commands. Details on the remote , which will likely accompany the upcoming Apple TV, were first shared in May.
Colin Kaepernick's decision to not stand up for the playing of the national anthem is more courageous and patriotic than anything 99% of their critics have ever done.
Kaepernick, a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers, chose not to stand during the playing of the national anthem before a preseason football game against the Green Bay Packers Friday. It was their way of protesting what they see as unjust treatment of African Americans and other minorities in this country.
"There are a lot of things that are going on that are unjust," said Kaepernick. "People aren't being held accountable for. And that's something that needs to change. That's something that this country stands for, freedom, liberty and justice for all. And it's not happening for all right now."
Following a string of cases that they consider examples of police brutality, Kaepernick feels they can't consciously stand up in support of a country that "oppresses black people and people of color."
As one would expect after a controversial stand like this, news outlets and the social media universe lit up with protests of Kaepernick's action.
For example, Detroit Tigers' catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia had this to say about Kaepernick's stance: "He needs to go back to the history books and realize what the flag represents and what a lot of people have sacrificed for it."
Well, Mr. Saltalamacchia, I think it's you that needs to go back to the history books to learn what the flag represents.
The First Amendment, above all, is what separates us from most countries on this planet. And among other freedoms, it guarantees all Americans the freedom of expression. Thousands of brave Americans have died to protect that right. Being American means having the right to state your opinion, no matter how unpopular it might be.
The spirit behind the freedom of expression - as granted in the First Amendment -- was beautifully captured by Evelyn Beatrice Hall (in a quote often erroneously attributed to Voltaire): "I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it."
Now that is America at its best.
Whether you agree with Kaepernick or not isn't the issue here. The issue is whether or not Kaepernick has the right to say what they believe. And they clearly do.
In fact, unlike the vast majority of Americans, Kaepernick has figuratively gotten off their living room sofa and decided to take part in the great American experiment by attempting to improve our country through participation in the marketplace of ideas.
In doing so, he's aware he's risking the loss of significant endorsement income, and possibly even their job, in order to state their beliefs about the current state of America and how they think it can be improved. They also know they will now be the target of immense criticism.
"I have to stand up for people that are oppressed," said Kaepernick. "If they take football away, my endorsements from me, I know that I stood up for what is right."
A lot of self-proclaimed American patriots don't like what Kaepernick's doing. Their idea of patriotism is a country in which everybody falls in line with established norms and acts in ways they personally deem appropriate. They believe we should all just go with the flow and not rock the boat, rather than thinking and reasoning for ourselves.
That's not what being an active and involved citizen is all about. It's not what freedom of expression or the First Amendment is about.
Kaepernick is simply calling for the United States to live up to its ideals of freedom and justice for all. In doing so, it's not their intent to disrespect military veterans, or those currently serving in our armed forces today, as some have suggested. In fact, their intent is just the opposite. They want our country to live up to the core principles that our military men and women have fought for through the years, and are fighting for today.
"I have great respect for the men and women that have fought for this country," said Kaepernick. "I have family, I have friends that have gone and fought for this country. And they fight for freedom, they fight for the people, they fight for liberty and justice, for everyone. That's not happening.
"People are dying in vain because this country isn't holding their end of the bargain up, as far as giving freedom and justice, liberty to everybody. That's something that's not happening."
If you don't like Kaepernick's stance, or choice of tactics, fine. Personally, I don't completely buy into their arguments or methods. But, like it or not, the fact is Kaepernick is taking patriotic action in a way that the vast majority of Americans are too cowardly to attempt. They'd rather sit on the sidelines than step out and compete in the American marketplace of ideas.
A four-legged member of the Canada Border Services Agency has helped make one of the largest drug seizures ever at the Thousand Islands bridge crossing.
Detector dog Shaggy sniffed out nearly 100 kilograms of cocaine in a trailer on Oct. 5. The four “undeclared” items were found by the Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever after border agents referred the tractor-trailer's driver to a secondary inspection of their commercial vehicle, the CBSA said Tuesday.
CBSA spokesperson Chris Kealey said Shaggy and their handler work regular shifts at the border, but agents called in the dog specially to search the load after becoming suspicious the driver was hauling something that shouldn't be there.
The drugs were found among the tractor-trailer's load of paper, Kealey said.
The CBSA said the four packages contained 98.8 kilograms of what it suspected to be cocaine. The drugs and the driver of the truck were turned over to the RCMP.
RCMP and CBSA won't give a value for the drugs, citing policy.
RCMP have charged Zbiigniew Czuprynski, 49, from Laval, Que., with importation and possession of cocaine along with smuggling under the Customs Act.
MIchael Jackson's Family Don't Ask 'Who's The Daddy?"
Michael Jackson's Family -- Don't Ask 'Who's The Daddy?'
EXCLUSIVE
's family is pleading with the judge in their wrongful death lawsuit against AEG Live to EXCLUDE any evidence of the paternity of MJ's 3 kids.TMZ has obtained legal docs in whichandargue ... it's irrelevant for a jury to hear evidence about the conception of the 3 kids. Specifically, they believe AEG has no right to delve into their biological parentage.The Jackson crew also wants to exclude any evidence that MJ's siblings have financial problems. They worry AEG might try to argue that the real force behind the lawsuit is the need for cash.And mama Jackson and the kids want the judge to bar evidence or any mention of child molestation allegations, partly because MJ was never found guilty.A judge has yet to rule on the motions.
Robert “Bobby” Martin, the probate judge of Chilton County, Ala., described themselves as “flustered, frustrated, flustrated,” over trying to operate two court orders on same-sex marriage.
Feb. 12, 2015 Robert “Bobby” Martin, the probate judge of Chilton County, Ala., described themselves as “flustered, frustrated, flustrated,” over trying to operate two court orders on same-sex marriage. Bonnie Jo Mount/The Washington Post
Bobby Martin had always found comfort in their job as a judge, the way it felt like a neat intersection of legality and morality, but last week it seemed to them like those two virtues had diverged. As the probate judge of Chilton County, Martin, 69, was in charge of issuing marriage licenses, and he'd done so for 26 years, in a courthouse next to the Baptist church he'd attended for decades, in the town he'd lived in since birth, to any heterosexual couple who came through the doors. This place of churches and farmland had always made sense to him, but now he'd been told they would need to start issuing licenses to same-sex couples, and they didn't know what to do.
“Bobby?” the court's chief clerk, Mary Chambers, called into Martin's office on Wednesday morning. “That was Marshall County on the phone. They just wanted to know what we're doing.”
“Licenses to everyone, but not doing the weddings,” Martin responded.
Chambers nodded; that's what she'd told the other county. “I think they're going to start sending everyone to us, though. They're not doing licenses.”
Martin shook their head. “I'm gonna send them right back. We're not doing referrals. It's crazy enough this week.”
Probate Judge Bobby Martin spends lunch with their grandson, Max, at Clanton Intermediate School in Clanton, Ala. (Bonnie Jo Mount/Washington Post)
Their week had started at 8 a.m. Monday, when two women arrived at the courthouse asking for a marriage license, something that had never happened here before. Now it was suddenly happening all over the state because a federal judge had ruled that Alabama's ban on same-sex marriage was unconstitutional. Martin gave them the license, but a few minutes later received a directive from the Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, saying the federal order should be ignored, so Martin decided to stop issuing licenses for the rest of the day. On Tuesday morning, they called up a few professional associations, asked “What in the hell are we supposed to do?” and came away realizing everyone else seemed just as confused as they are. Out of 67 counties in Alabama, about 20 were issuing same-sex marriage licenses. Others were refusing licenses to gay couples; still others had stopped giving them to any couples at all.
Martin said they believed that same-sex marriage went against the Bible, but he'd sworn an oath to the U.S. Constitution, and the federal law said to issue the licenses. So they would, they decided. Licenses to everyone. But by close of business on Tuesday, no other couples, gay or straight, had come in asking for one, and Martin switched off their lights and left for a haircut.
“Everyone was just blindsided,” they told their hairdresser at Kutter's Korner when they asked about their week. “The state health department e-mailed us the new form and all that. It used to say ‘bride' and ‘groom' but now it says ‘spouse' and ‘spouse.' ”
“That could be bad,” the stylist said. “What if it's two people with the same name, like Jan and Jan?”
They personally didn't have a problem with same-sex marriage, they said, but Chilton County was the heart of Dixie, the middle of the X if a Confederate flag were drawn through the state.
“I mean, we were a dry county until 10 or 15 years ago,” they said as they continued to work on their hair, making sure nothing touched their collar or their ears. “Going wet was a big enough step.”
Late Wednesday morning, Martin crossed the narrow hallway from their office and surveyed the linoleum-floored room where they had, for a quarter of a century, presided over adoptions and business licenses, wills and mental health issues. And marriages.
He'd always liked marrying people. Four generations of their family had worked in the funeral business, seeing families at their worst, and weddings were a chance to see them at their best. Valentine's week was their busiest time: One year, he'd married six couples in a single day; another time it was three couples all at once, standing in a row before their bench as they pronounced them husband and wife. They averaged 15 or 16 weddings a month, which over the course of their career equaled — he'd recently found a calculator to do the math and raised their eyebrows at the result — “4,992 weddings.”
They now went behind their bench, where they kept a box of Gideon New Testaments that he'd handed out to every couple they married. They opened a drawer, where they stored the frayed black binder full of ceremonies he'd scripted for various types of weddings. The pages were yellowing and torn, caked with archaeological layers of Wite-Out, onto which he'd handwritten the names of whichever couple was standing before him: Jason and Carol. Jerry and Tiffany. Gene and Joanie. James and Felicia.
And now they were done. No more weddings at all.
When the federal order first came down, Martin sat alone in their office and thought about ethics and consequences and right things and wrong things. The matter of issuing licenses might be beyond their control, but they did have control over whether they would continue to perform weddings. And so for hours, they went over their options: They could keep performing heterosexual weddings but refuse homosexual ones — a decision that they feared could lead to a discrimination lawsuit. They could agree to marry everyone, gay and straight, but the more they thought about it, the more they realized it wasn't an option, not with what he'd been taught to believe about homosexuality and the sanctity of marriage. If it came down to that, he'd just resign, they decided. Retire early, rather than risk moral compromise.
That left the third option, marrying no couples, gay or straight, the option that led to them now nudging the box of Gideon Bibles with their foot before going back across the hall and twiddling their thumbs on what used to be their biggest week of the year.
Two women they knew appeared in their doorway. “What are you all here to do?” they called out to them.
“We're here getting married to each other!” one joked.
“Aw, well, just don't kiss each other,” they said.
“Really, I just wanted to tell you I'm so proud of you,” the woman said. She'd heard they aren't performing same-sex marriages. “We stand behind you 100 percent.”
While passing through the front office a little while later, they saw someone they recognized: a man who had come in the day before to ask about getting an Alabama marriage license for them and their wife — they were in the military, they'd been married already in the Philippines and now they wanted it formalized in the States.
“You know we can't perform the ceremony anymore,” the attendant warned, and Martin came over to say hello.
“You're going to be double-married,” they said to the man, smiling. “Double anniversaries. Good luck!”
Shortly after, another couple appeared at the window. Two young men. Both wore T-shirts and jeans, and the one in the camouflage trucker cap shoved their hands in their pockets and asked for a marriage license.
The attendant nodded. They looked down at the form that no longer had the “bride” and “groom” labels, and then looked back at the couple. Spouse and spouse. “Which one of you wants to go first?” they asked.
“I will, I guess,” said the man in the trucker cap. They were 19 and 21, they told her, answering some of the questions on the form. They were a waiter and a metal fabricator.
On the other side of the partition, Martin walked by and noticed them, but they didn't come over. Behind the couple, a man with a gray beard joined the queue and saw a notice on the wall: “The Chilton County Probate Office in Chilton County, Alabama will no longer perform marriage ceremonies.” The man whistled in approval. “Good deal,” they said.
The metal fabricator heard. Their face turned red. They quietly murmured the rest of their personal information, and the attendant printed out a marriage license and took it away for a moment. When it came back, in the box labeled “Judge of Probate or Representative,” it had Bobby Martin's official signature.
“What are you doing for lunch?” Martin asked their wife, Judy, on the telephone. It was half-past noon; they felt like getting out of the office, so they decided to meet at Wendy's.
Before they could walk out the door, the clerk, Chambers, leaned into their office again. Another couple wanted a marriage license, a man and a woman this time. “They've been married twice before to each other, and now they want to get married again,” they explained. “But they don't have their divorce decree.”
“Can you call up and get it?” Martin asked.
“They're closed up there until 1.”
“Well, tell them to come back at 1,” they said and went to theirs truck.
At the restaurant, Judy asked how their day was going and then waited patiently while other customers came over to greet their husband. Their 50th anniversary was the following week. They'd been married through a daughter's cancer, married through Judy's life-threatening staph infection and coma, married through construction of the dream house that took them 40 years to finally build: a big, open foyer and a spiral staircase going up the middle.
As Martin got older, they liked to think they got wiser, too, and from time to time they questioned the relationships of the couples they wedded. He'd seen couples whose eyes wandered blankly around the room while they were trying to bond them in matrimony, and couples who seemed to have fallen out of bed and randomly decided to get married. They knew some of these unions would fail. But at their core, they were all what they and Judy were: one man, one woman.
At Wendy's, they found a table, and Martin had just bitten into their burger when an older man stopped by.
“I just want you to know how much I appreciate you taking a stand,” the man said.
“Well.” Martin swallowed. “We did give a license to two boys this morning.”
“Is that right?” The man thought for a minute. “What I want to know is — they say 36 other states have it. If they make Alabama have it, what does that mean for the other 13? Why does the government keep trying to intrude?”
“Trying?” Martin laughed. “I'd say they're doing a pretty good job of it.”
Back in the office, the two young men who had come in for their marriage license had returned again. Earlier, they went straight from the courthouse to a minister friend, who performed a ceremony on the spot. Now they wanted to exchange their license for a formal marriage certificate. Chambers printed one out for them, and they noticed a mistake: “This still says ‘bride' and ‘groom,' ” one of the men said.
While they waited for a new copy, they had another issue to address. They'd been thinking of changing their names, and for that, they needed instructions from Martin.
“Whose last name —” Martin began. “Which one of you is —” they tried again. “Listen. If you wanted to be their name, or if they wanted to be your name, you can do that right here. That's what women do, when they take their husband's name.”
The couple explained that they were thinking not of taking each other's names, but of creating a new name, together. They weren't sure, though, and they knew it would be expensive to change all of their identification.
“Well, y'all can think about it and come back when you decide,” Martin said. “It's been a pretty big day for you already.”
“Yeah, I guess we'll go home and figure it out,” one of the men said.
“Give it a month. Hell, in a month you might decide you all don't even like each other that much. It happens.”
After the couple left, Martin went back in their office, sat in their chair and looked at the ceiling. “Mary?” they called through the doorway. “Who ended up marrying them?” They read back the name of the officiant, and they shook their head. “Never heard of him.”
Chambers said it was a man who had just been ordained; they aren't sure what church.
“The Church of What Is Happening,” Martin said.
Late in the afternoon, Martin was out driving. Past the peach-shaped water tower, down a street that the city planners were always talking about widening, near the planned site of a new hospital. Across the railroad tracks used to be the all-black section of town, back when the area was segregated and the courthouse had two separate water fountains. Martin was a teenager at the time. Now, they say, they can't really remember what they thought about the civil rights era as it was happening.
“The country just outgrows things,” they said. “When you have people in the older age group, they have a hard time moving on and accepting things. But they die out, and then new generations are more broad-minded. We just outgrow things.”
Martin looked down. Their cellphone was ringing. When they answered it, Chambers was on the other end of the line, telling them they might want to come back to the office. A lawsuit had been filed in the Alabama Supreme Court, they explained, against them and a group of other probate judges who had followed the federal order to issue marriage licenses. The plaintiff was a conservative Christian organization.
They sighed. They had begun issuing the marriage licenses, in part, because they worried about the legal repercussions of not doing so. And now they were being named in a lawsuit anyway, by a group of people who thought they were too liberal.
“Heading in,” they told Chambers on the phone.
Back at the courthouse, they met them in the parking lot, handing them a printout of the 50-page file she'd just received. They thumbed through it, resting page after page on the hood of theirs truck.
“You just tell me — are we on or off?” Chambers asked. Would they still be issuing licenses the next day? Or did this development mean they should stop again?
Martin stopped flipping pages. They gathered them back in a pile and shook their head. The world was changing. What was the right thing to do? “We'll figure it out in the morning,” they said.
Join in and Get The 9 Essentials To Web Success!
A recent survey showed that 53% of small business owners say their online presence is NOT serving their business well. Our goal is to help you build an online presence that will increase your customer reach, brand awareness, loyalty, and sales. We are still in the early phases of the Internet and social media, and it is not too late for a small business to get on board and take advantage of this wave.
In my last blog post, I announced the launch of “The 9 Essentials of Web Success,” our new webinar series designed to give business owners & marketing teams the tools, techniques, ideas and strategies for building a productive and profitable online presence.
Over the next 9 weeks I will go into detail on each of the 9 strategies, but for now, here is a list of our 9 Strategies with things you should start considering.
#1 & #2: Website & Storefront Strategies
I like to address these two together. It is important that if you have a storefront or office location you think about how a strong online presence may affect the office. Do you want to attract new customers to your office or storefront? Or would you prefer a phone call or a Web form? Do you take calls after hours? Also, can you use your existing storefront or office to promote your website? Do you have signage advertising your Website address? Are you asking people to follow you on Facebook?
Regarding your Website: is it easy to update? Are you comfortable adding and updating content on a regular basis? Consistently adding and updating content on your site is critical to being found on the Internet.
#3 eCommerce Strategy
Will you be selling online? Can people come to your website and buy your products? Do you have an eBay store? Do you want to sell on Amazon? Do you currently accept credit cards? Is your staff prepared to respond promptly to orders and other customer inquiries?
These are just a few of the questions you may want to ask as you think about your eCommerce strategy. What are your barriers to selling online? Most of our clients use either Paypal Payments Pro ($30/mo) or Stripe ($0/mo). Both charge 2.9% + 30¢ per successful card charge.
#4 Local Strategy
This is particularly important if you have a storefront or office, but it really applies to everyone. Do the listings online have your correct address & business information? It's amazing how many clients come to me and tell me that their address on the Internet is totally messed up. This can really hurt your search rankings and definitely causes you to lost potential customers.
I had one client whose address was showing up wrong - instead of showing them on a busy highway, Google had an incorrect address that showed their location out in the woods. Another was one where the business had moved twice, ultimately back to their original location, but the town had renumbered all the addresses on that street and all mapping systems were confused. These situations can be difficult but they can be managed and corrected.
Have you claimed your Google+ listing? It is imperative that you claim your listing and start populating it with accurate information.
#5 Email Strategy
Email is still one of the best ways to reach your customers. If your small business is not collecting email addresses, get started today! Tools like MailChimp and Constant Contact will help you to manage your lists and keep your customers, prospects, and followers up to date on your activities and your offerings.
#6 Content Strategy
Content is King of the Internet. If you want to be found on the Internet you need to have something to say. Sometimes this is very difficult for small businesses to figure out.
Join us for the 9 Essentials of Web Success now!
As a result, we take time with our clients and their sales teams to discuss what kinds of questions people asking about your business, what could they be confused about, and what are some special things that your team knows that you can share with your clients and customers?
By finding the answers to these types of questions, you are then able to create FAQ pages, videos, blog posts & more that will attract your target audience to your website and create potential leads.
A steady stream of informational content will help you be found on the Internet, will increase your site visitors, and will increase your sales.
Example: Our client Busbee Truck Parts' Organic Traffic
#7 Social Strategy
Do you have social media properties? A Facebook page? Think about where your customers are spending time on social media and make sure you are there. Again, it is helpful if you have something to say, something to share. This takes some time and energy and forethought, but with some effort you can use social media to engage with your existing customers and reach new customers.
In addition to posting and social sharing, most social media platforms allow for paid advertising, allowing you to be very targeted in your advertising.
Search Strategy
#8 Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEO is partly technical and partly creative. On the technical side, your Website needs to be “tuned up” to include all the proper “Meta tags” that Google and other search engines are looking for. Besides the basics such as Page Titles and Meta Descriptions, there are other opportunities, for example: Facebook likes to see “OG” or “Open Graph” coding, Twitter likes to see “Twitter cards”, and it is extremely helpful to have geo-tagging whenever possible. These things all help you to be found on the Internet.
#9 Pay-Per-Click
Pay-per-click advertising typically means Google Ads or Bing Ads - any online adverising where you pay only when someone clicks on the ad. When you do a search on Google, typically the top 2 or 3 ads are paid for, and if you click on one of them, the advertiser pays Google.
The price of a paid ad varies significantly depending on the target audience and the keywords that you use. I have done work for attorneys in large cities where the Cost per Click (CPC) is over $25 PER CLICK. If you have a narrow focus and you have a fine-tuned Google Ads program, you may be paying under $1 per click.
----------------
Over the next 9 weeks, I will spend about 30-45 minutes talking about each of these 9 Essentials of Web Success, both in a blog and in a Webinar format.
If that's something you're interested in, I'd like to invite you to a free new webinar series that I'm hosting: The 9 Essentials of Web Success. There's no charge, but the number of spots is limited.
In the following weeks there will be 9 follow-up webinar sessions to explore each of the 9 Essentials in more detail. These will be held on Tuesday afternoons, one per week, for nine weeks.
Website Strategy, Content & Search - Tuesday, June 13, 2:00 PM
Content Strategy, SEO, & Pay-per-Click - Tuesday, June 20, 2:00 PM
Email Strategy, Content, & eCommerce - Tuesday, June 27, 2:00 PM
eCommerce Strategy, Google Ads & SEO - Tuesday, July 11, 2:00 PM
Paid Search Strategy - Google Ads Deep Dive - Tuesday, July 18, 2:00 PM
SEO Strategy, Content & Pay-Per-Click - Tuesday, July 25, 2:00 PM
Social Media Strategy, Content & SEO - Tuesday, August 1, 2:00 PM
Local Strategy, Storefront & Geo - Tuesday, August 8, 2:00 PM
Review & Rebalance, Your Future Web Strategy - Tuesday, August 15, 2:00 PM
My hope is that this program will help you - business owners & marketing teams - think about your online marketing strategy, and make plans to reach your goals.
If you would like to improve your business's online presence, please join us. Sign up today!
VANCOUVER (The News Desk) — NDP leader Thomas Mulcair was mobbed by crowds of adoring fans during a campaign stop in Vancouver earlier today.
Thousands of supporters thronged Vancouver International Airport in anticipation of Mulcair's arrival, wearing Thomas Mulcair T-shirts and holding signs made with glitter.
“Ladies and gentlemen, please step away from the car,” an RCMP officer shouted through a megaphone as Mulcair's motorcade was swallowed up by a river of screaming supporters.
“I literally can't believe it's him,” shrieked Monica Trouillot, 13, tears streaming down them face.
Speaking to press at the Fairmont Hotel, Mulcair explained that they were touched by the outpouring of support from their fans.
“I do this for them. I wish I could go out there and give every single one of them a big hug. And maybe even let them touch my beard,” said Mulcair.
The press conference was cut short after the barricades separating Mulcair from their fans broke and the NDP leader was forced to take cover. They were seen running out of the Fairmont and ducking into their limousine, smiling, while fans rushed after them for autographs.
“I can't complain,” said Mulcair, when asked of the incident a few hours later.
“As leader of the NDP, this is what I signed up for.” ♦
If you liked this, like our Facebook page!
FAQs and shipping information
As the world's media turns its attention to the host country of the Winter Olympics, the stories gathered in Gay Propaganda offer a timely and intimate window into the hardships faced by Russians on the receiving end of state-sanctioned homophobia. Here are tales of men and women in long-term committed relationships as well as those still looking for love; of those trying to raise kids or taking care of parents; of those facing the challenges of continuing to live in Russia or joining an exodus that is rapidly becoming a flood.
As part of a strategy to consolidate political control in Russia following massive pro-democracy protests that shook the government, President Putin's ruling party decided it needed an enemy to unite the country. Hoping to manipulate backward but widely-held prejudices, it opted to demonize gays and lesbians. As a result, in June 2013, Putin signed a bill banning any and all “propaganda” of so-called non-traditional relationships. Quite predictably, in the months that followed, attacks, firings, and hate crimes have spiked across Russia, and the state-sanctioned campaign shows no sign of abating. The Russian Duma is now debating a law to take children away from gay and lesbian parents.
Gay Propaganda brings together original stories, interviews and testimonial, presented in both English and Russian, to capture the lives and loves of LGBT Russians living both in Russia and in exile today. Available in February 2014, in time for the Winter Olympics in Sochi, the book is a provocative riposte to Russia's recently passed and ill-defined ban on “homosexual propaganda.”
Joseph Huff-Hannon is a celebrated campaigner and writer who has been published in The New York Times, The Guardian, Salon, and elsewhere. They work with the international advocacy group Avaaz.org .  They are one of the founding campaigners of global LGBT rights group, All Out .
Masha Gessen is an award-winning journalist and author of many books, most recently Words Will Break Cement: The Passion of Pussy Riot (Riverhead, February 2014).  They are a lesbian mother who is abandoning their home in Russia because of the anti-gay laws.
Get your opposition to Russia's grotesque anti-gay legislation off, or rather on, your chest. Appearing just in time for the Sochi Winter Olympics, this companion shirt features bold text in Russian and English on a powder blue tee of 4.2 oz, combed ring spun cotton. More
from ANYA AND NATA
Anya lives with their parents, who often go abroad. Their trips provide them and Natasha with the opportunity to live together for short bursts. Anya's mother is suspicious of the fact that they don't introduce any of their suitors to their parents. However, they refuse to come to terms with the fact that they will never have a son-in-law. Natasha lives with their grandmother, who is kind to Anya but does not suspect that they and their granddaughter are more than just friends. Anya and Natasha met through a fan fiction community on Livejournal. They used to work together at a children's café, and they're in the process of making a book together, but their most important project is partner dancing, with a specialty in “West Coast Swing.”
NATA
… Anya and I met at a Surganova concert, seven years ago. I was part of a dance collective and I invited Anya to join. That's where it all went down.
ANYA
Once we'd settled into our relationship, we decided to take up partner dancing.
NATA
We saw these two girls dancing together at a party and got really excited about it.
ANYA
Once, we were walking by the Frunzensky Bridge, where every day they play music for anyone who wants to dance. We got next to these people who were doing “Swing Hustle” and started dancing along. Then we found a dance studio for women where they were enrolling new students. We danced there as a couple for a whole year.
NATA
We got into the dance community, where no one cares who you are, where you're from, or whom you're sleeping with. They only care that you're on the same wavelength as they are, that you're dancing.
ANYA
They taught us to dance about everything. You can dance about love or about the weather. Whatever you want to dance about, you can do it. It's a free world. This studio was open for another three years, but then there were problems with the space, and enrollment, and then with the law about whatever propaganda, since this was partner dancing for women.
We switched from “Swing Hustle” to “West Coast Swing.” It's very fluid, like the sea. It stretches out like a wave.
NATA
It doesn't have end points; it always keeps going. We're not professional dancers for one simple reason: because we don't have the right to compete as a pair.
ANYA
Nata can dance in competitions with other partners, but I can't. I don't exactly remember how I ended up taking the man's part. I probably just wanted the experience.
NATA
Anya likes the male partner's function: they decide what the pair does. The female half can improvise, but they always follow the male.
ANYA
The male partner structures the dance. They have to think five steps ahead. It's very complicated: you have to consider technique, the music, and the shape of the dance.
NATA
It was very hard for me in the beginning because I was not used to obediently following someone. We even had conflicts, but we've learned to understand one another
ANYA
Nata follows me. When I see that she's started improvising, I wait and give them time, complementing their movements with my own. It's an art. The tipping point was when I was able to ask another girl who wasn't Nata to dance with me at a club. For a dancer, this is a very important step. You can't always dance with the same partner because it'll make you worse. You won't notice your mistakes. I remember sitting there, afraid. How will I ask another girl to dance with me? What will the girl think of me? But then I saw my teacher and asked them Since then, I've known that I can dance with anyone. This is a new level for someone who wants to dance professionally.
NATA
Then came the next important stage.
ANYA
I got lucky last year. Nata and I were supposed to perform at a festival. We registered and prepared a new number. Suddenly, Nata ended up in the hospital. I was about the quit, but Natasha convinced me to participate without them
NATA
Important people come to the festival, such as professional trainers from America and Europe, and give master classes. It's a great experience, like studying with a native speaker.
ANYA
I went but I was upset and unsure of myself. I don't remember what got into me, but after a lesson, I decided to go talk to the head judge. I went up to them and asked, “Excuse me, why can't I compete in the man's role?” They looked at me, amazed: “Why not?” Suddenly, a festival volunteer runs up to me and says, “The head judge has allowed you to compete, hurry up and get your number.” Slowly, it dawns on me that they're letting me participate despite all the rules against it! I was in such shock, and so euphoric, that I called Nata in the hospital, screaming, “Nata, I'm going to compete!” I changed in a panic. They stick a number on my back. I go out onto the floor. Around me, I see the judges, and the people looking at me — it's all like a dream. I am the only woman in a crowd of male partners. Suddenly, they're announcing the people who made it to the semi-finals, and I hear my name. I call Nata screaming again. The semi-final happens. I think, “OK, I can relax now.” Suddenly, a woman I met at the competition flies at me: “Anya, did you see the results? You're in the finals.” I slowly realize that I'm in the finals, in a men's competition. The final shock of the day was that I made it into the top ten in the finals.
NATA
In the top ten on their first try.
ANYA
It's been a year and we haven't been allowed to participate in any other competitions since. In the rules, it says a pair consists of a male and a female partner. But at least they decided in our favor once, and that set an important precedent.
The weather for the Victoria Day long weekend, Canada's traditional kickoff to summer, should be a perfect 10 for most Canadians.
And, looking ahead through August, nearly all of Canada will see above-normal average temperatures.
That's the word from Environment Canada senior climatologist David Phillips.
Let's start with where the weekend forecast is lousy, and where that's likely good news in some regions.
It should be raining in B.C. and Alberta this weekend, and maybe in Saskatchewan and Manitoba on Monday. But the dry and fire-ravaged Fort McMurray area probably won't get much rain, if any. Temperatures should be below normal in most of Alberta, Phillips says.
They add that rain "is something the doctor ordered" for Western Canada, which has been getting below normal precipitation for months. Phillips says "this rain may be their salvation."
For Ontario and Quebec "it's going to be absolutely a perfect 10 kind of weekend," they say.
Weekend weather in the Atlantic provinces should start well but then give way to rain.
May two-four weather lore
Do you believe in the May-two-four weather lore about how the Victoria Day weekend goes, so goes the rest of the summer? Phillips will tell you not to believe it, even though the lore may portend what's ahead for much of Canada this year.
David Phillips, senior climatologist with Environment Canada, says they don't buy the May two-four weather lore about how the Victoria Day weekend goes, so goes the rest of the summer. (CBC)
They say, "There's really no scientific connection at all, except this notion of persistence, what you see is what you'll get."
Phillips does concede that persistence gives the lore a shred of correlation, a result of established weather patterns staying in place for a little while.
The May-two-four lore stands out from other weather proverbs, both because it is modern and it's about the warm season, while the cold season dominates the conversation in Canada, Phillips says.
Owed good weather?
They also say that for meteorologists, this is "the most important weekend of the year to get the weather right," because nearly everyone has something to do outdoors. It's also a weekend when Canadians feel as though they are owed good weather, after what they've been through, they say.
And this year Canadians may have forgotten that they have just had one of the balmiest winters ever.
In southern Ontario, April was the coldest month in 11 months. Toronto had more snow in April than any of the winter months, and that's never occurred before, Phillips says.
But southern Ontario is bucking the global trend. The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says that globally, last month was the hottest April on record and exceeded the old record by the largest margin ever recorded.
The planet has recorded its hottest temperature each month for 12 months in a row, NOAA reports.
Gavin Schmidt, the director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, says they expect that globally, 2016 will be the hottest year ever recorded.
Since 2000, 38 monthly records have been broken but the last time a global cold record was broken was 100 years ago, Phillips says.
This animation from Climate Lab Book uses U.K. Met Office data to show how average global temperatures are spiraling warmer.
Spiralling global temperatures from 1850-2016 (full animation) <a href="https://t.co/YETC5HkmTr">https://t.co/YETC5HkmTr</a> <a href="https://t.co/Ypci717AHq">pic.twitter.com/Ypci717AHq</a> —@ed_hawkins
Above-normal summer temperatures
Besides climate change, a strong El Nino in the Pacific has also been a factor, but it is fading and the odds are that a La Nina, with its cooler ocean temperatures, will follow.
If a La Nina does develop, Phillips said it won't have an impact on summer weather in Canada but it could increase the frequency and strength of North Atlantic hurricanes in the fall.
This animation of a cross-section of the Pacific Ocean at the equator shows where temperatures in the top 300 metres were warmer (red) or cooler (blue) than average, from March 14 to May 3 (upper left). The warm water at the surface of the current El Nino dissipates and on May 3, the cooler water breaches the surface of the eastern Pacific off South America.
La Niña coming? A deep pool of cool water is making its way across tropical Pacific. More at <a href="https://t.co/s6ZFr4mTXZ">https://t.co/s6ZFr4mTXZ</a> <a href="https://t.co/FhrMXL0rlg">pic.twitter.com/FhrMXL0rlg</a> —@NOAASatellites
Environment Canada updates its three-month outlook twice a day. Phillips says the forecast has been stable for quite a while but their official summer forecast won't be released until June 1. It covers June, July and August.
At the moment, it looks like nearly all of Canada will have above normal temperatures, except the area around northern Hudson Bay and east of Baffin Island may have slightly cooler than normal temperatures.
Environment Canada's summer forecast map shows above normal temperatures for nearly all of Canada. (Environment Canada)
By the way, the U.S. summer forecast has nearly all regions with above-normal temperatures, except for uncertainty about the area from South Dakota to Oklahoma.
Last year the region from Windsor to Quebec City was the only one of Environment Canada's 11 regions that had cooler than normal temperatures. What they call the Lower Great Lakes St. Lawrence region was 0.2 degrees cooler than normal.
The previous year was also a tick cooler than normal and 2013, while normal, was one of the wettest, Phillips says, leading them to acknowledge the heavily populated region deserves good summer weather in 2016.
This little one is called Kouki. They were found through a Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program in a feral colony in Japan. At the age of 3 months old, Kouki was abandoned by their cat mother but was rescued by people who gave them a second chance at life.
Kouki had to stay at an animal hospital for a while due to their health condition. They had pneumonia at the time and needed continuous treatment and a plethora of love.
Kouki's foster mother went to the hospital everyday to check on the little one. They were worried every night and sometimes they could barely sleep.
With prayers coming from a lot of cat lovers from all over Japan through their blog, Kouki seemed to be getting better and better each day. When their foster mom visited them at the hospital one day, they seemed to have a lot more energy and was showing a lot of interest in their first cat toy.
"Rather than antibiotics or drugs, it was their will that kept them going and helped them bring up their immune system," said on their blog.
Finally Kouki was discharged from the hospital and happily joined their foster family into their home. They no longer needed to rely on oxygen supply and was feeling very happy and healthy.
Soon Kouki made enormous progress in their health and made a lot of fur friends at home. By looking at them today, it's hard to imagine that they were that little skinny, tired looking kitten. Today they are a playful, mischievous little boy with a big purrsonality.
Photos courtesy of ©Momo rescue group もも組. Check out their blog here.
Just hours after Apple announced that it would acquire Beats Electronics and Beats Music for $3 billion, Apple software and services SVP Eddy Cue and Beats co-founder Jimmy Iovine were interviewed together on stage at this year's Code Conference.
Much of the interview focused on the acquisition, and a fair amount of that talk centered on topics that had already been answered by Apple's press release and other reporting on the subject. Apple will retain the Beats brand and will continue to sell its headphones and speakers through online and brick-and-mortar Apple Stores, Iovine will be working at Apple full time (though they won't be moving to Cupertino), and they will work to bridge the gap between the entertainment industry (which Iovine described as "too insecure") and Silicon Valley ("slightly overconfident"). Both executives also emphasized the importance of the Beats Music streaming service to Apple's music business, noting that digital sales in the Apple Store weren't "going away" but that digital download growth has "leveled off."
Neither Cue nor Iovine would talk about Apple's future plans during the interview, but Iovine aimed a few barbs at Beats' competitors and even at Apple itself. One of the Beats Music service's largest competitors is Spotify, but Iovine theorized that the service would "cave" once its venture capital funding dried up. They spent some time criticizing their new employer's default headphones as well, saying that Apple's EarPods were headphones that you should use "to see if the sound works." Cue responded that Apple makes "the best headphones that come in the box," but noted that it "costs more money" to "make incredible sound." While plenty of audio experts have disputed the sound quality of Beats' bass-heavy headsets, it's not surprising that Apple wants to start upselling iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac buyers to Beats' fancier, more expensive headphones and speakers.
Though Cue and Iovine talked about some aspects of Apple beyond the acquisition, most of what was said was stuff that we've already heard. Apple has acquired other companies and will continue to acquire them, Apple TV has sold more than 20 million units to date and does about $1 billion in revenue per year, and so on. When asked about future products, both executives were characteristically tight-lipped, though Cue said that the company's 2014 lineup was "the best product pipeline that I've seen in my 25 years at Apple." Hyperbole or not, we'll probably start seeing those products at Apple's WWDC keynote next Monday.
The founder of a Chicago hot dog empire thinks they may have a gold tooth that belonged to a Japanese World War II admiral who orchestrated the Pearl Harbor attack and will "do whatever it takes to find out."
Dick Portillo, founder of the Portillo's fast food chain, was on a 2015 trip to Papua New Guinea, where U.S. pilots shot down Japanese naval commander Isoroku Yamamoto's plane, when the tooth surfaced in the mud. A clan that owns the site confiscated the tooth, but later turned it over for $14,000.
"If it comes to be true, it's peanuts compared to the value that I would look at," Portillo told the Chicago Tribune. "If it doesn't, you win some and you lose some."
Portillo said they are working to authenticate the tooth, including contacting dentists and a research librarian. They said it also may be possible to have DNA extracted from a tiny human tooth bit in the gold.
Japanese naval historian Yukoh Watanabe has their doubts. Watanabe, who wrote a 2015 book on Yamamoto, said it's unclear whether the commander's dental records exist. They also noted that multiple people were on the plane.
"I have to say that it is little possibility it belonged to Adm. Yamamoto," Watanabe wrote in an email to the newspaper. But as a fellow romantic of history, they added: "I also hope the gold tooth belongs to Adm. Yamamoto."
Portillo said they aren't looking to make money, adding that they would like to give the tooth to the Japanese government and make a documentary.
"The value to me is the fun, the experience of doing that, the fact that I had a lot to do with it, and history," they said.
Copyright Associated Press
Before the World War 2, poultry was considered an interesting activity but moreover, a secondary source of income. However, you could only see elderly people running after their little fellows in the backyards or smaller farms. What about the current scenarios? Things have rapidly changed over the last 20 years – the poultry is now a complete business with distributors and retailers and earns like anything. However, due to enlarged specialized operations the conventional poultry farm's number is decreasing. Those who have brains and know how to make money still are doing well – small poultry farmers are seeking even in the minute opportunities. This merely includes marketing opportunities, but a lot of questions pop into the mind – this excerpt would answer each bit of it.
Be a good decision maker:
So, envisaging raising poultry? May be on a very small scale, it can be your desire or a way to generate money? Whatever the reason maybe, you need to play after proper research, planning and lots of consideration. What you must ask yourself?
What goals you have set for your business?
Is the venture profitable?
What is the market, target market and where it is?
Are you going to be in the business for the long run?
Establish the minimum requirement – set your milestones
What is the investment? How many times you would have to re-invest?
Legal issues – restrictions?
Let's talk about how to come the dream come true?
Housing:
Animals feel disturbed if they are not placed in their desirable homes – so, housing for poultry must be paid full attention. It never means it must be expensive or lavish but clean, ventilated, spacious and dry. Also, special attention must be paid during the changing seasons – supplement heat during chillers and coolness during hot summers.
Litter management is equally pivotal in winter to work as insulation from coldness and also from getting litter wet which may cause ammonia problem otherwise, chances of cold injuries and diseases may get high. Last but not the least; protection is the heart – otherwise, predators would get their special dinners each night.
Equipment and suppliers:
You don't need much investment for equipments – only utensils for watering and feeding are needed. If not that you may be interested in buying electric poultry equipments, that's your choice and pocket.
Brooding:
When it comes to brooding you need to know about heat source. It's quite simple, you just need to have a 250-watt bulb and you are done – it accommodates up to 50 little fellows. You can always look up to commercial set-up that uses various energy sources. With all this, you would need a brooder guard – it's a ring which is basically there for chick's safety.
Laying hens:
Laying eggs is some most important process linked to poultry – you would need nest boxes and roost, typically 8 inch roost space is suggested for a single bird. If you talk about the one nest box (one square foot) can accommodate for every 4 to 5 birds – amongst the various sizes and types you must look for one which is 13 inches wide, 14 inches tall and at least 12 inches in depth.
Broilers:
Once you are through with the brooding process, you would need to maintain a good feeding and watering system. Once done with that you would require other necessary equipment, based on the type of system used for raising birds– movable pens would be needed if raising on pastured – similarly, there would be need for proper ventilation and fans for summers, if confinement is going on.
Lighting:
Lighting comes into play when egg production is being conversed. Also, during the winter lighting is required in order to keep the chicken coop warm. If not bulb lights all the time, you can make the most of the natural sun – especially during winters and for newly born babies.
Breed selection:
The variety and different types of breeds in the poultry world would make you go nuts – you must know what your right pick is. How can you decide for that?
For what purpose you need the breed? This would filter your options amazingly. This would cut down almost each option for you and you would be left with useful one. Normally the categories that are used for classification are;
Egg
Flesh
Dual purpose
Bantam
You can even filter the options based on the season type – it would help you to select the right breed which stays healthy within your regions climatic conditions.
Now let's have a look at the breed types;
Egg type:
The features that make it different are;
Light weight – this breed has finer bones
Quick egg production – at the age of just 22 weeks
Examples:
Minorca
Leghorns – they are considered the best for egg production; for this reason they are cross sexed with other breeds to produce better eggs.
Buttercups
Meat types:
These are the types which we see on our dining tables quite often. They have heavy structures; they grow faster and are very efficient. The only popular and pure type of this breed is Cornish breed.
Dual-purpose breeds:
They are efficient egg and meat provider – these types grow slower. The best examples are;
Plymouth rocks
Wyandotte
Orpington
Bantams:
This breed is the miniature of the larger ones; it has all the features but a reduced size, even up to one third of the standard.
Color of the egg:
It's the only way through which the breed type can be determined – the outer color does not have any effect on the egg but people enjoy coloration.
Sources of chicken:
The possible sources include;
Hatcheries:
Inexpensive and newly born chicks can be obtained from hatcheries; however, they sell in a group of 20 or more so that chicks remain safe during shipping.
Breeders:
You get a chance to obtain a few, but these are expensive options. Breeders offer high quality birds which are often used for showcasing.
Indeed feed and nutrition for chicks would cost you more than anything – you have to use the commercial source here. The common types of feeding are;
Starter – contains more than 22 percent proteins, this diet is given to the bird till it is one month old.
Grower finisher – it contains 17 to 19 percent protein, ideal for bird with age of two months or more
Layer ration – it has 16 percent of protein and more calcium levels.
Lastly, if you want to feed something on your own, consider talking to some expert.
It tells about what you would do in order to prevent the birds from diseases;
Cleanliness is the key – house must be neat and clean
Wild birds must be kept away
· Age grouping clusters can help chickens grow better
–This is an extract from learningstore.uwex.edu to view complete document click the following
http://learningstore.uwex.edu/assets/pdfs/A3858-01.pdf
Iran to hold joint naval drills with neighbors
Iranian Navy Commander Rear Admiral Habibollah Sayyari unveiled plans for joint naval exercise with the regional countries, Tasnim reports.
Iran's Navy will “definitely” hold joint war games with regional countries, the top commander told reporters in Tehran on July 1, during rallies marking the International Quds Day.
They also noted that the Navy has plans to hold 20 specialized drills in the current Iranian year (to end in March 2017), to exercise tactics in relation to missiles, vessels and submarines, commando units and electronic warfare.
Sayyari then noted that result of those 20 drills will be displayed at one major war game, codenamed Velayat-95, due to be held in winter.
Naval drills are not rare in Iran's southern waters, in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of Oman and around the strategic Strait of Hormuz, and are held regularly on an annual basis, usually around the end of the Gregorian calendar.
Iran has repeatedly clarified that its military might is merely based on the nation's defense doctrine of deterrence and poses no threat to other countries.
LONDON (Reuters) - The UK Independence Party on Friday denied a newspaper report that its former leader, Nigel Farage, had been offered their own television show by a Russian state-funded broadcaster.
European Parliament Nigel Farage speaks during a Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign rally in Jackson, Mississippi, U.S., August 24, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Britain's Daily Telegraph newspaper reported that RT had offered Farage - one of the prominent members of the Leave campaign in Britain's EU referendum - their own television show and that Farage had held talks with the Moscow-based broadcaster.
“Nigel has not been offered a show by RT,” a UKIP spokesperson said by telephone when asked about the report. “There has been no negotiation on a show for RT. This report is incorrect.”
Once known as Russia Today, RT was launched in 2005 as an attempt by the Kremlin to deliver an alternative to what it sees as Western-dominated news coverage.
“RT provides an alternative perspective on major global events, and acquaints international audience with a Russian viewpoint,” the station says on its website.
A spokesperson for RT declined to comment on any ongoing negotiations.
“RT is proud to work with top international talent and fascinating personalities, such as Larry King and Ed Schultz, and we will continue this tradition,” the spokesperson said. “Perhaps the next face you will see on RT UK will be the Queen.”
Farage lent their support to Donald Trump last month, saying the Republican U.S. presidential nominee represented the same type of anti-establishment movement that they crafted in Britain.
Once dismissed by former Prime Minister David Cameron as “a bunch of ... fruitcakes and loonies and closet racists”, UKIP ultimately helped force Cameron to call the EU referendum in which UKIP successfully campaigned for an exit.
In the June 23 vote, 51.9 percent, or 17.41 people voted to leave the EU, while 48.1 percent, or 16.14 people, voted to stay in the EU.
UPDATE: Dacey isn't the only one leaving; Communications Director Luis Miranda and Chief Financial Officer Brad Marshall are also out at the DNC. Marshall was singled out for their particularly callous and inappropriate email about using Sanders' religion against them in the primaries:
And other senior aides have been expecting the ax to fall on them too, and there's a chill around the offices just off Capitol Hill as staffers wait for more resignations or firings.
Brazile also announced a plan for a transition team to prepare for the general election and for a new, permanent DNC chair.
[…]
Dacey's own relationship with Wasserman Schultz had run into trouble long before the emails were released, with sources familiar with DNC operations telling POLITICO that the former chair had cut them out of significant decisions, leading to confusion and turmoil unrelated to the email drama.
But Dacey's departure now raises question of how the committee's day-to-day operations will run between now and the election. Several senior Democrats have expressed doubts about who might want to take on an assignment that is heavy on the potential downside and short on the potential upside, despite the many functions the DNC would be expected to perform over the final three months of the 2016 campaign.
Again, the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is taking over the news space just moments after the Mi 5S and 5S Plus were launched during which period it went on a sort of hiatus. It is now rumored that the much expected Xiaomi flagship device would likely be launched in November. This new rumor is coming on the heels of the words on well-known industry analyst Pan Juitang who hinted at an October outing for the flagship.
As usual, the rumor emanated from a user on China's microblogging platform Weibo, and apart from a November release date the user also hinted at a few specs for the device. According to the rumor, the Mi Note 2 would come with a 5.7-inch display which would have a 2K resolution. Also, the tipster indictated that the Mi Note successor would sport a double curved glass design, a feature that didn't find fulfillment on the Mi 5S despite being rumored.
Earlier on, the Xiaomi Mi Note had been rumored to feature two versions, one with the flagship Snapdragon 821 processor and 8GB of RAM said to be a Pro version, although the RAM may likely be 6GB, and there is said to be another version with a Snapdragon 820 and 4GB of RAM. Both versions are expected to come with 5.7-inch 2K AMOLED curved displays with Force Touch. The Mi Note 2 Pro is also likely to have a battery capacity of 3600mAh with fast charge support.
There are 35 pledged delegates at stake in the Nevada Democratic caucus. Results are still filtering in from the sparsely-populated northern counties of the Silver State, however it appears as if, just like in Iowa, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has eked out a narrow victory over Senator Bernie Sanders' campaign. So, just how many delegates did Bernie Sanders pick up from the Nevada caucus?
Nevada Democrats award delegates proportionally, and with 86 percent of the statewide vote already counted, it appears as if Sanders will walk away with 15 delegates, just four fewer than Clinton's projected 19. Now, this math isn't taking into account Nevada's superdelegates — and there are eight of those at stake in addition to the 35 pledged delegates that the two Democratic presidential candidates were fighting over Saturday. So far, Sanders has the support of only one Nevada superdelegate out of the eight: Erin Bilbray. Bilbray is a member of the Democratic National Committee and the founder of the non-profit Emerge Nevada, which trains women to take on leadership roles in politics and in the business world. While they initially said that they were leaning towards supporting Clinton's campaign, they changed their mind, throwing their support behind Sanders' run for the White House. In a press release from Sanders' campaign, Bilbray said:
As a mother of two young daughters, their future is my priority, which is why I am endorsing Bernie Sanders as the Democratic nominee for president of the United States.
Ethan Miller/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Southeastern Lincoln County at one point looked like it may have been a possible pickup for the Sanders campaign; at 4:30 p.m. PT, only 60 percent of the precincts had returned their results with the candidates are tied neck and neck at 50 percent. However, Clinton went on to win exceedingly rural Lincoln County, which boasts a total population of just over 5,000 people and a population density of less than half a person per square mile, by a margin of 20 percentage points, besting Sanders with 60 percent of the vote share to their 40 percent. The county is probably best known nationally as the location of Homey Airport/Groom Lake, also known as Area 51.
Tiny Storey County, just north of state capitol Carson City, is currently tied with only 63 percent of all precincts reporting in as of 6:10 p.m. PT. Storey County is the third-most sparsely populated county in the state — although it is considered to be part of the Reno metro area — with just under 4,000 residents calling Storey County home.
Results from the northern counties still have not been completely finalized, but Sanders dominated in north-central Eureka country, willing 86 percent of the vote to Clinton's 14 percent. Neighboring Lander County split 70-29 in favor of Sanders with 11 percent of the vote still missing. With the rest of the results still trickling in, it is possible that at the end of the day, Sanders may be able to pick up another delegate or two from Nevada for the national convention in Philadelphia after each and every vote has been counted.
In stark contrast to Dell, with its corporate upheavals and hygiene issues, Lenovo's business is still booming. The company sold a record 29 million devices last quarter and saw double-digit rises in revenue and profit -- a level of growth that almost makes it seem like it has stepped out of the stagnant PC market and into something illegal. What's actually happening, however, is healthy and continuing diversification: unit sales of smartphones and tablets overtook PCs back in the summer, and now, when combined with smart TVs, account for 15 percent of Lenovo's revenue -- versus eight percent a year ago and just four percent the year before that. With the company's regular PC trade also in good shape, snatching nearly an 18 percent slice of that traditional market, it's perhaps a shame that the company has reportedly been prevented from expanding even faster.
REUTERS / Bobby Yip Gigi Chao, the daughter of Hong Kong property tycoon Cecil Chao Sze-tsung, poses in the conference room of their office in Hong Kong on Sept. 27, 2012
Hong Kong real estate tycoon Cecil Chao Sze-tsung has offered a bounty of almost $65 million for any man who will woo and marry their 33-year-old daughter Gigi Chao. Since then, offers to take Gigi's hand in marriage have been pouring forth from all over the globe. There's just one slight problem: Gigi's already taken.
According to reports, the announcement came on the heels of Gigi Chao's nuptials to their longtime girlfriend, Sean Yeung, in April. The two reportedly were married in Paris and not in Hong Kong, where gay rights are limited.
(MORE: Hong Kong Protests Plans for ‘Patriotic' Education)
In a recent South China Morning Post article, the tycoon's daughter criticized the territory's conservative views toward homosexuality, saying that it lagged behind the U.S. and even mainland China. (Homosexuality was officially decriminalized in Hong Kong in 1991, but same-sex unions are still not recognized.)
In an interview with the Telegraph, Gigi said they understood the reasons behind their father's actions. “It's not that they can't accept me,” they told the newspaper. “It's that they can't accept how society would view me and the status that it would incur. Marriage is still a form of social status. I do understand him. I understand why he's doing this.”
(MORE: On the Streets of Hong Kong, a Vast Display of Discontent)
Them father, meanwhile, has not publicly acknowledged their daughter's marriage. As they told the Post:
I do not mind whether [the man who marries Gigi] is rich or poor. The important thing is that they are generous and kindhearted. Gigi is a very good woman with both talents and looks.  They are devoted to their parents, is generous and does volunteer work.
Gigi, who was initially amused by the monetary offer, told the Telegraph they appreciated the gesture. “At first I was entertained by it, and then that entertainment turned into the realization and conviction that I am a really lucky girl to have such a loving daddy, because it's really sweet of them to do something like this as an expression of their fatherly love.”
They added, “But I don't appreciate getting 1,500 e-mails.”
Hi, Carolyn: I have a 2½-year-old son. Sadly, my mom died from cancer when they were 10 months old.  They are now at an age where their language has developed quite well, and they love looking through photos with my wife and me. I sort of avoid showing them pictures of my mom because I don't know what to say.
I know they can't really comprehend death at their age. Part of the problem is my wife and I are atheists so we can't simply say that Grandma is in heaven now. I feel terrible avoiding those photos because my mom and I were very close and they were a wonderful person. For the short time they were in my son's life they loved them and showered them with affection even though they were too young to remember it.
What can I say to them about her? When they do come across them and asks who it is, I say it was their grandma and my mommy, but then I flip to the next photo very quickly.
Do you have any advice on how to even attempt to explain this to a child this young? My sister also has a child about their age, but they are religious so they simply tell them that Grandma is in heaven.
Michigan
Michigan: The heaven answer makes it easier on your sister but leaves a lot to explain to a kid — arguably more than your worldview requires.
And, just because a toddler can't fully comprehend doesn't mean you avoid topics completely. It just means you can't treat the discussion of a tough concept as a complete transaction — where, say, you define death for them and check that box for good. Instead, you treat it as one of many steps toward understanding over days, months, years.
That process does include limiting their exposure to painful concepts and speaking of them only in child-friendly terms, but these are actually later steps that follow a vastly more significant first step: establishing trust. You need to show your son they can talk to you about anything, no matter how difficult and no matter how much you actually know.
That trust begins with choosing not to run (or flip) away from hard topics.
Let them see their grandma. Let them hear how much you loved and miss them Let them ask their questions. (“Lifetimes” by Bryan Mellonie can help.)
The more calmly you handle hard topics, the less fearfully your son will ask about them, which is exactly how you make yourself the person they learn from instead of turning to their peers, the media or their own imagination — which, if you recall from your own childhood, is often more terrifying than anything a parent can say.
Opening yourself to any and all topics means you're going to feel awkward, and you'll get caught without answers sometimes. That's fine. Just have a phrase ready: “I need to think about that.” Do go back to it when you're ready, though. Using “later” as a dodge undermines trust.
When you just don't know something, say that, too. Then say you'll look it up, if it's knowable. If it's not — as some questions about death tend to be — have phrasing ready that accounts for different views: “Some people believe ______. Others believe ______.”
Avoiding these discussions altogether may seem like the best way to protect kids, but consider: Death, cancer and sadness don't wait behind a velvet rope until kids are old enough to handle them. They happen when they happen. If you resolve to be your son's guide through life's painful moments vs. their sentry attempting to bar the door, then you'll teach them how to face pain, how to give and receive support, and how to keep living and finding joy. You'll empower him, over time, to do these on their own.
Dodging Grandma, by contrast, creates the impression that death is a shadowy thing too terrible to mention. Waiting till you think the time is right — when will that be, by the way, and how will you frame the announcement? — effectively strands them without such a guide as they collect little scraps of the truth whether you intend them to or not.
So take that trust-building step. “She's your grandma. They died when you were 10 months old. They loved you sooooooo much.”
Then let your son's curiosity, comprehension and language skills tell you how much more information he's ready to receive; that's the essence of the follow-up steps. They ask a question; you give as basic and kid-phrased an answer as you can while still being factually correct, like, “She died when you were 10 months old,” above. Then you see whether they ask a follow-up question. That will be their way of showing you what they are and isn't ready to comprehend. When they do ask, give another factual, spare, kid-size answer. Then wait. And so on.
Best part: In explaining loss, you're teaching them about love.
Having trouble keeping track of your bitcoin transactions? A new service called Tapeke aims to help you keep them organised, across all of your wallets and exchange accounts.
Tapeke was conceived by Nicolò Maria Lazzarin, one of the original user interface developers for the Hive wallet. Like a Mint.com for cryptocurrency users, it enables users to track bitcoin transactions in various ways – tracking multiple wallets in one interface and allowing them to assign metadata to their bitcoin addresses and transactions.
Users can tag transactions with category tags that they define, for example, and can then graph these categories, so that you could see how much you've spent on a particular area over a period of time. You can also tie contacts to particular bitcoin addresses, so that you can see how much you've sent over time to Bob, for example.
Courting a mainstream user base
Will Pangman, a bitcoin community organiser and company spokesperson, said that services like Tapeke would appeal to a broader bitcoin user base.
“The user base is definitely there. People are only using bitcoin less than they want to because the tools aren't there for the masses,” they said, adding:
“Things like the basic conveniences of financial management for a person with bitcoin certainly didn't exist at all a year ago, and lately they're getting a bit better, but it still has a long way to go.”
Tapeke isn't a wallet, but it hopes to complement wallets by providing a dashboard for financial information. One of the areas where Pangman thinks this could be helpful is in monitoring bitcoin ownership for tax purposes, for example.
Several jurisdictions, including the US, have decided to impose capital gains tax on any value accrued on bitcoins in between acquisition and sale. That's a big administrative overhead for the average user. A tool like this would provide a way of monitoring those changes in value, and it's a business opportunity that others have already identified.
Third-party integration
To do this effectively, though, the service will have to integrate with many other services.
Mint.com's developers made significant efforts to court financial institutions for online data feeds. Tapeke will need to interface with several stakeholders, including bitcoin exchanges and wallets. That's still a work in progress, Pangman conceded.
“In the future, we will have integration with HD wallets and off-chain services, like Circle, Coinbase, and exchange accounts,” they said. “We are limiting ourselves to create occurrences. It could be a platform where any service could be pulled in and managed or analysed by the user with the confidence that they have a secure environment.”
Even Hive Wallet, the founder of which is listed as an adviser to the company, hasn't undertaken any third-party integration with the service. That's unsurprising, as Hive is a hierarchical deterministic wallet, which is a category of product that Pangman admits that Tapeke hasn't yet figured out integrations for.
Tapeke clearly has some way to go before it achieves the ubiquitous integration that Pangman is hoping for, but they claim that the nascent service is already getting lots of interest.
“We have discussions with companies in the bitcoin space for integrating with us,” they said, adding that the ultimate goal is to give people a single point of access for multiple services, so that they don't have to handle multiple logins for different cryptocurrency sites.
Expansion plans
Security has been a big concern for the development team, said Pangman. The site comes with three levels of security (basic, medium and advanced), with the top two encrypting user data.
The user data doesn't include private keys, however, because the service doesn't use those – storing only public keys in order to watch addresses, not make transactions. The encrypted data in question is the metadata, such as categories and contacts.
This is all part of a bigger plan for the bootstrapped firm, which was formed 12 months ago. In the longer term, it wants to go beyond exchange and wallet integration with an API for third party apps to integrate with. The idea is to create an app store with add-ons that will enhance the service, using events within Tapeke to trigger external actions.
“If I build out the Tapeke account with some app integration, I can set some preferences so that certain activities I perform are triggering certain things that I want,” Pangman said.
They explained:
“So I could set up my Tapeke account to let me know if there's a 5% slide in the bitcoin price because I want to hedge, and then I could use this or that service.”
The system would also be able to suggest particular services to users based on such events, in the same way that Mint.com can, which is where its profit model comes in, said Pangman.
In the future, the company hopes to expand the service still further, covering altcoins, and perhaps even venturing into applications with custom tokens, should there be the demand.
“We aren't limiting ourselves to cryptocurrencies. It could be a service where any platform could be pulled in and managed or analysed by the user with the confidence that they will secure this environment,” they said.
First thing's first, though – Tapeke has to get some funding to start building out these additions to the service, which only went into beta on 1st January. Then, it will be able to put more weight behind a desktop app, which Pangman said is already in the works.
Money management image via Shutterstock
“Just don't tell grandpa.” It's been my family's constant refrain throughout the entirety of my out, public queerdom. It should be easy enough, right? We just… won't tell him. But no matter how well you keep it, a secret won't stay contained. It seeps from the black box where we tried to censor it out of our lives, growing little tendrils that infect everything they touch. Any other thing your secret would change is a secret now too. We always end up with more than we bargained for, until we're desperately leaping across the chasms it leaves in our world.
My grandpa doesn't know I'm a woman. How am I supposed to hide something like that?
Sure, it was easier when I was 19 and came out to my family as a “gay man”. As I tearfully hugged my mom and sister, I was so grateful just to be accepted that I probably would have gone along with anything in return. But it was my own cowardice too. It did seem safer, after all. What was the harm in letting grandpa – racist, Palin-loving grandpa who goes to church every morning and evening and gets mailers about the UN's “homosexual agenda” – keep believing whatever they want?
The holidays and birthday parties at their house, the weekly dinners together that had become a tradition for us since grandma passed away, the avoidance of politics as we barely concealed our disgust, everything continued as usual. It's not like I ever had any boyfriends to hide, anyway. Maybe that should have told us all something.
By the time I first came out, I was well on my way to feminine territory. But breaking out of assumptions, especially big ones like what gender you are, can take some work. You've lived as a guy all your life, you find you have an attraction to men (even if not an exclusive one), you lean toward the effeminate, and that's the role society offers you: gay man. It was just the nearest place I could find for myself. I wasn't yet ready to consider that I might actually want to be a woman instead.
Sometimes I wish I were one of the people who had “always known” in some sense that they were really a man or a woman, the people who eventually have that epiphany all at once, and know exactly what their path is if they choose to take it. Sure, I knew what it would mean to be trans – and people who knew me online were already starting to see me that way – but I had to carve away at the space of possibilities until the only remaining option was too obvious to ignore.
So I spent two years putting myself together into what I wanted to be, for the first real time in my life. Two years of going by “he or she, either's fine”, while being she'd and ma'amed in public more and more often. Two years of growing into something more than a gay guy. “Drag”, I jokingly called it. But really, it was just… me.
You'd think people would notice their child, their grandchild, their sibling becoming a woman right before their eyes. It's obvious in retrospect, but you might not recognize what's happening if you don't know what to look for. For my little midwestern family, the idea that one of us could be trans wasn't even on their radar. “Sex changes” were just some abstract thing that happened to other people, somewhere else, in the realm of Jerry Springer and Maury and bad comedy movies. When something is so utterly remote from your experience, you don't even consider the possibility that it could happen in your own home. Not even if you see it every day.
And that's how things stayed, with nobody really sure what was going on, not even me. I settled into what I had begun to call the “gender demilitarized zone”, not quite trans but maybe, definitely not a guy but still partially “he” for no reason other than the inertia of the years, not yet countered by enough of an opposing force to push me over the hump into outright womanhood.
Then I met Heather. We hung out in the same queer chatroom, but we hadn't really noticed each other until we both ended up arguing with some guy who thought all LGBT people should come out, no matter the personal cost. She'd recently realized that they really are lesbian after all, and that things weren't going to work out between them and their husband. And somehow, once we started talking with each other, we couldn't stop. We marveled at having finally found someone we could talk to on the same level, who truly understood what the other was saying, who never ever got tired of being around us. We talked for hours each day, only parting when we had to, staying up late into the night, inexorably growing together. And they called me “she”. It felt so right, for both of us.
After just a few months of the closest friendship I'd ever known, we decided we had to meet. We counted down the days – 63, 62, 61… – until they arrived in Chicago for a long weekend together. We dreamed of what it would be like, of holding hands and holding each other, of looking out on the world from the top of the Sears Tower and promising we'd be together forever.
I'm nothing if not oblivious. Maybe it runs in my family. Afterward, they told me she'd been afraid of telling me how they really felt and scaring me away. Me, I'd just never been in love before, not like this. I didn't know what it looked like. I couldn't put a name to it, even when it was right in front of me.
They ran to me and swept me up into a hug the moment they saw me, holding me tighter than I'd ever been held. It was like everything I needed in life came together as we embraced, bathed in the light of that moment we'd dreamed of, finally made real. We held hands and ventured off into the city, not caring where we ended up as long as we were together, stopping at whatever bookstores and sculptures and museums we encountered along the way. At the end of the day, we closed our eyes and leaned on each other in a dark room at the Art Institute, ignoring some black and white film about tunnels.
It wasn't long before we found ourselves in bed, lips against skin against skin for hours until the night descended. Neither of us expected that. We didn't know where this was going, and it didn't matter. If this was where we'd been heading the entire time, then it was right. I never wanted to let them go.
Before they had to go back to Florida, they asked if I would be their girlfriend. Sometimes, all it takes is one question to put everything in perspective. I was not a boyfriend, I would not be a boyfriend, and we both knew it. We were nothing like a straight couple. And I was nothing like a guy. I cried as they got into their taxi and promised them we'd be together again.
When you've already come out to your family as a gay guy, it can be kind of awkward to tell them you have a girlfriend now. It felt like taking something back, even if I was actually queerer than ever. But it would have been even more awkward to give them the full story, explaining the intricacies of gender identities and the true nature of our relationship. It wasn't until months later, when I was about to move to Florida to be with Heather and their kids, that my famously non-confrontational mom finally asked if I was still gay. The most I could bring myself to say was “…yeah, just not only gay.” We were both content to leave it at that.
Adjusting to life as a stay-at-home mom was one of the hardest things I'd ever done, but it's so normal for me now that I can't really remember what made it such a struggle. My family was worried that this was a big step for me, being so far away from home for the first time. Really, it was better for me than I ever expected. I was with Heather every day, and I was finally in a place where everyone had always known me as a woman. She'd even taught their kids about “girls in boy bodies and boys in girl bodies”. I didn't know how valuable this kind of unconditional support was, until I experienced it firsthand and found out what I had been missing.
Being with someone who had been through their own journey of self-discovery, who had dated trans women before, who saw me unambiguously as a woman, I knew that they understood me. I knew that I was safe with them When I finally reached a point where I had to find a therapist, a doctor, to take the leap into starting hormones, to file for my name change, to pick out my first bra, they were there with me. And when I decided to call up my mom and sister and explain that I'd really been their girlfriend all this time, they held my hand as they spoke those same words: “Don't tell grandpa.”
Where does this all leave grandpa, anyway? They never knew I was gay – back when I was the other kind of gay – so it came as no surprise to them that I have a girlfriend now, that I have kids, that I have my own family. We still talk sometimes, and they love to hear about how we're all doing. “It's almost like you're the mom”, they said as I told them about Heather's new job. Yeah, almost. I don't have to hide anything about my new life, except for this one little detail that could tear everything apart.
I haven't seen my family for over a year. Even if we had room in our finances and our schedules for a trip across the country, I don't think I could do it, not while I'm still some secret they're keeping. Not if I'd have to pretend to be someone else. For all the ridiculous fearmongering about how any mention of transgender people will just “confuse” children, I'm certain my sons would be much more confused to see their stepmom treated like a man, called by a name they've never known.
I won't put us through that. I'm not going to act like Heather and I are straight, I'm not going to be a “stepdad” or a “husband”, and I'm not going to hide what my body has become. When I see my family again, I won't be the person they want to pretend I am. I won't be someone else. This is too important to compromise, so until something changes, I just won't be there. I can't do it.
Despite how scary it is, how likely to end in disaster, I still want to tell him. I'm convinced that they deserve to know, even if they haven't necessarily earned it. When Heather and I get married, I want them to be there. The alternative, the ultimate passive-aggression of leaving them out of it all or waiting for them to die without ever knowing who I really am, is even more unthinkable. I want them to know that they have a granddaughter, that I'm making the most of myself and I'm finally, truly happy for the first time. He's our last connection to the grandma we all miss so much, who never got to see me grow up, and I know she'd want to be a part of my life no matter what.
I still keep putting it off, and I don't know why. Maybe I just want to have as many days as I can where I know I'm still loved and appreciated, even if it's on false pretenses. Maybe I don't want to have it confirmed that my own grandpa would hate me for who I am. Maybe I want to hold on to the hope that it might not be so bad. But every day they don't know is a day I won't get back, and that's the price I'm paying for this secret.
It's not that big of a deal… is it? I'm still the person he's always known. The rest of my family treats me just the same – it hasn't changed anything between us. It's just who I am, and it should be the least important thing in the world. Why does it have to matter so much?
This can't last, and we all know it. Everyone in my family has always valued keeping the peace above all else, and none of us are looking forward to blowing the whole thing wide open. But it has to happen. Some things are more important than peace, and too valuable to hide away forever. What am I waiting for? Just courage – the courage to put that missing piece back into my life, to wipe out that spreading ink blot of secrecy. This time, I'll be the one to fill it in with the truth.
Last week, Slate published a critique of Sweden's school choice program that managed to be both inaccurate and fallacious. That is to say, several of its key premises are false, and its conclusion wouldn't follow even if they were true.
The gist of the piece is that Sweden's private schools, and the parental choice program that pays for them, “have thrown Swedish education off course,” causing its international test scores to fall. Slate then claims that Finland is “consistently a top performer” without having a private school choice program. Therefore, it argues, Americans should not allow market freedoms and incentives in K-12 education.
Slate does get at least two things right: Sweden does have a private school choice program, introduced in 1992; and that nation's scores have been declining on the PISA test since the year 2000. But beyond that, Slate veers quickly into error and sophistry.
First, it claims that “more Swedish students go to privately run (and mostly for-profit) schools than in any other developed country on earth.” In fact, neither of these claims is true. Taking the parenthetical claim first, according to the most recent data of which I am aware (from 2012), the majority of Swedish private schools are non-profit (in Swedish, “Ideella”).
As for overall private sector enrollment among industrialized countries, we can consult the OECD, an association of 34 industrialized nations that administers the PISA test.
On average across OECD countries… 14% of students attend government-dependent [i.e., gov't-funded] private schools…. In Sweden, the share of students in private schools increased significantly over the past decade from 4% in 2003 to 14% in 2012…. This brings the share of students in private schools close to the OECD average.
Slate, in other words, is badly mistaken on this point. How badly? Here are the top five industrialized countries by share of private school enrollment, according to the OECD's 2012 PISA database:
Belgium 68.4 Netherlands 67.6 Ireland 58.2 Korea 47.5 UK 45.2
At 14 percent overall, Sweden doesn't come close. Moreover, the PISA test is administered to 15-year-olds, and at that age Swedish students are still in “grundskola” (the compulsory elementary grades). In those grades, private school students made up only 13 percent of enrollment in 2012. That, it's worth noting, is only about three percentage points higher than the current figure for the United States—and indeed lower than the U.S. figure of 1960. And yet this tiny minority of private school students are purported to have “thrown Swedish education off course.” Would anyone make the same claim about U.S. private schools today, or under JFK?
And how, exactly, are Sweden's private voucher schools supposed to have wreaked this havoc on their nation's PISA performance? Are they performing so badly as to have pulled down the nationwide average? Actually, no, they consistently outperform the public schools. And even if they had drawn higher-scoring students out of the public schools, they enroll too few total students for that to explain the dramatic drop in public school PISA scores—particularly since the public school decline was already visible by 2003, at which point private school enrollment was still only 4 percent.
Next, the piece tries to find footing for its argument by touting Finland, which has relatively few private schools, claiming that it is “consistently near the top of the PISA rankings.” Regrettably for Slate, that footing is in its mouth. On the most recent PISA test, Finland ranked 12th in mathematics (the focus of the test in 2012), which rather stretches the definition of the word “top.” (The full PISA results summary can be found here).
Nor is Finland consistently a top scorer on the other international test known as TIMSS. While PISA is a test of everyday knowledge, TIMSS measures performance on the sorts of academic disciplines students are normally taught in school, and which are often required for success in higher education. Finland's curriculum is unusual in that it is well aligned with the basic PISA content, but weaker in its coverage of the more advanced academics tested by TIMSS, particularly in mathematics. That is perhaps one reason why Finland's latest 8th grade TIMSS mathematics scores were statistically indistinguishable from those of the United States, and nearly one hundred points below those of high-performers like Korea.
This is particularly awkward for Slate's claim that having many students enrolled in private schools is a liability. As noted in the table above, Korea's private K-12 enrollment is nearly four times larger than that of Sweden and more than a dozen times larger than that of Finland. On top of this, Korea also has a massive, for-profit private tutoring sector, frequented by the majority of students.
Nevertheless, Slate claims that competition from private schools may have led to “a race to the bottom” in Sweden. But since Sweden's private schools score higher on PISA than its public schools, it's not obvious what this might mean. Could Slate be claiming that the performance of private schools has been declining faster than that of public schools? If so, the reverse is true. Since the PISA test was first administered in 2000, Swedish private schools lost a scant 6 points overall. The nation's public schools lost 34 points over the same period—nearly six times as much. If one of these sectors is leading a race to the bottom, it's not the private sector.
Or perhaps Slate is claiming that, faced with the new competition from private schools, Sweden's public schools are falling to pieces and giving up. It's not clear why that might be the case, but it's a testable hypothesis. Not only testable, but already tested. In 2012, Anders Böhlmark and Mikael Lindahl performed a time-series regression analysis on the educational outcomes of virtually every 9th grade student in Sweden, across multiple cohorts. They found that “an increase in the share of independent-school students improves average performance at the end of compulsory school as well as long-run educational outcomes.” In other words, Slate's claim is directly contradicted by the evidence that it did not bother to examine. Competition from Sweden's private school choice program has a positive effect on student achievement in both public and private schools.
So, Slate is consistently wrong about the nature, size, and effects of Sweden's private school sector and the competition it has engendered. But what if it were right about all these things? Would we then be correct in accepting its conclusion? Or, given that Slate is precisely backward about nearly every aspect of the Swedish educational experience, should we assume on the Swedish evidence alone that school choice is good? Of course not. There are too many other factors affecting educational performance outside of school choice policy for the results of a single program to be conclusive. Economic, cultural, and demographic factors are all known to affect those outcomes, as are a panoply of educational policies besides school choice, such as curriculum, testing, staffing, discipline, etc.
To isolate the intrinsic merits of a policy it is necessary to eliminate the confounding effects of those other factors. One way to do that is to compare different types of school choice policies operating side-by-side within countries. Another is to look for consistent patterns in the outcomes associated with a given policy across many different nations and time periods. Still another is to directly assess and control for the confounding factors. The Slate piece does none of these things—it not only shoots from the hip, it shoots while its intellectual weapon is still holstered.
What is most disappointing about the Slate piece is that it was written by a Harvard-trained, Columbia University economist who not only should know better, but demonstrably does know better. They have, for instance, co-authored a sensible working paper attempting to measure the financial gains enjoyed by Indian politicians—a paper that takes great pains to collect accurate data and to minimize the effects of confounding factors. Education policy, it seems to me, is no less deserving of such thoughtful treatment. Misinformed, fallacious nonsense such as this Slate piece can do serious harm to the education of children.
– Andrew J. Coulson
Andrew J. Coulson directs the Cato Institute's Center for Educational Freedom and is author of the study: Comparing Public, Private, and Market Schools: The International Evidence, and the book Market Education: The Unknown History.
Victoria, BC – The Victoria and Esquimalt Police Board is announcing that it has appointed Del Manak as Chief Constable of the Victoria Police Department.
Manak has led the department as Acting Chief since December 2015. They will officially assume the rank of Chief Constable on July 1.
“Acting Chief Manak has demonstrated unwavering leadership and established a strong community presence for the past year and a half through a number of challenging circumstances,” said Mayor Helps, Lead Co-Chair of the Police Board. “His customer service and community engagement philosophy has been embraced by our communities. The board has determined that they have what it takes to permanently lead as Chief Constable.”
The board did not hold an internal or external competition but rather reviewed Manak's performance through a 360-review process to assess their performance as Acting Chief. Through the process, and their year and a half in the Acting role, the board determined that they are the right person for the job.
"From their promotion to Deputy, to Acting and now to Chief, Del Manak has worked to ensure both communities are served well by Victoria Police Department. It is fitting that they continue to lead the department and provide excellence in policing through the framework agreement to both the Township of Esquimalt and the City of Victoria," said Mayor Barb Desjardins.
Chief Manak stated, “It is a tremendous honour to lead the committed officers and staff of this organization. Having been born and raised in Victoria, I know firsthand the long and proud history of VicPD's service to its communities. I plan on building on this strong reputation through further engagement and collaboration.”
This is the first time since 1991 (26 years) that a Police Chief has been appointed from within the Victoria Police Department and only the second time in the past 60 years. The Board is pleased to hire from within and is looking forward to Chief Manak implementing a succession plan that ensures the development and growth of more future leaders for the organization.
Details of the Chief's contract will soon be available on the Victoria Police Department website.
Chief Constable Manak's Speech
I would like to start by thanking the Victoria and Esquimalt Police Board for believing in me, for believing in our command team and for believing in our organization. I will forever be grateful for this opportunity and I won't let you down.
I am honoured and feel very privileged in having the opportunity to lead this incredible organization. VicPD has a very long and proud history, a history that even pre-dates the Confederation of Canada. Founded in 1858, we are the oldest municipal police department west of the Great Lakes.
But despite a history that reaches back to a time when Queen Victoria reigned, I am proud to say that the men and women of VicPD look ahead at future opportunities as much as we look back at our past.
VicPD has earned a reputation as a progressive and innovative police service and stands among the best police services in Canada. I am so proud to be part of the department's next chapter.
This is my community and this is my police department. I was born in Victoria and I grew up here, attended school here and worked for most of my life here.
Policing has changed considerably over the last few decades. VicPD has been at the forefront of this change. We have never been afraid to learn from each other and our communities, adjust our style and provide better, more responsive service. When our community calls, VicPD answers the bell.
There are many challenges ahead. Police cannot do it alone. The only way we will overcome these challenges is by working together. I call on our communities to continue to work with us to solve our collective challenges and keep our communities healthy and safe.
Given recent world events, policing must change in the face of a new reality that includes violent extremism and radicalization. We must be prepared to keep our communities safer than ever before.
But we must never stop working together. We only need to look south of the border to see how police-community relations can deteriorate, resulting in a lack of trust that may take generations to repair. We want to avoid this divide and embrace the diversity of our communities. Through continued engagement and two-way dialogue, we will stay connected with our citizens and our communities.
In the coming days and weeks, I know I will be asked, “What are my priorities?”
My answer is simple: to continue the good work that our organization has been consistently delivering. It is important to realize that, even with the uncertainty of the past year or so, the men and women of VicPD haven't been sitting on the sidelines waiting for clarity. They have been out in the community, responding to calls for service, delivering community-based policing, and working with our many community partners. My priority is to build on that work and ensure it continues to be effective and sustainable.
For example, I want to build on what we have learned from our community and business survey project and associated public engagement sessions.
I want to build on the findings of our recent Efficiency Review and implement the recommendations.
I want to implement our Mental Health Strategy and Action Plan that will be released in the months ahead.
And finally, I want to build a sustainable and cost-effective police organization that sets the standard for other Canadian police agencies.
To the communities of Victoria and Esquimalt: I have spoken with so many of you at community events, celebrations and town hall meetings. Thank you for your support for me and our officers and staff. I will stay engaged and I will listen and act on what matters to you.
To my Deputy Chiefs, Steve Ing and Colin Watson, and the rest of our Senior Command Team, thank you for your support and for being committed to making us the strong leadership team we are today.
Having worked here for over 24 years and having hired up to 25% of our staff I can say confidently:
I know our people, I trust them and I believe in them.
To our officers and civilian staff:
By far, you are our greatest strength at VicPD. You are the finest Canada has to offer. I am very proud of how you have carried yourself through a difficult time in our history.
No matter what your job, you are committed to doing your best. I see it day in and day out. I love that you are engaged, community-minded and responsive to the high expectations set by our communities.
I want to share something that came out of our recent community survey. One of the people that took the survey added this comment:
“I have lived in a dozen cities across the country and I must say that the Victoria Police are the most empathetic, open-minded and community-focused force I've ever encountered.”
I didn't achieve that: the men and women of VicPD did. And that's why I am honoured to be your leader. You care. You care about your job, about our people and our communities. You are the true heart of VicPD.
No one gets to these positions without the help of others. I am no different. I want to thank the many people at different stages of my life who have mentored me, inspired me and believed in me. I am here today because of your support and guidance.
To my wife Nicky, my son Rajan, and my daughter Kamryn: thanks for your love, support and sacrifices. I wouldn't be here without your encouragement and support. You mean the world to me.
To my mom, thank you for everything. You raised me right. You instilled strong family values, a determined work ethic and you believed in me. I am glad you are able to share this special day with me and my family.
I want to thank everyone for coming today.
Thank you.
PR campaign will bombard Americans with positive messages about technology
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Tuesday, May 22, 2012
In the aftermath of conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer's observation that the first person to shoot down a surveillance drone on U.S. soil will be a “folk hero,” the drone industry has committed itself to launching a propaganda blitz aimed at bombarding the public with positive messages about the technology.
“After issuing a statement denouncing Krauthammer's remarks as “irresponsible” and “dangerous,” (Michael) Toscano said the AUVSI would go on the offensive against critics. While the strategy is still being shaped, Toscano made it sound like something straight out of a crisis-management textbook — or Orwell. The AUVSI wants to bombard the American public with positive images and messages about drones in an effort to reverse the growing perception of the aircraft as a threat to privacy and safety,” reports Salon.
Toscano, president of the Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, is eager to keep the PR nice and simple. “You have to keep repeating the good words,” they said, adding that the word “drones” should also be dispensed with because of its negative connotations and replaced with the term “remotely piloted vehicles”.
Congress recently passed legislation paving the way for what the FAA predicts will be somewhere in the region of 30,000 drones in operation in US skies by 2020.
Privacy advocates have warned that the FAA has not acted to establish any safeguards whatsoever, and that congress is not holding the agency to account.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:74}
In addition, a recently uncovered Air Force document circumvents laws and clear the way for the Pentagon to use drones to monitor the activities of Americans.
Incidents involving the drones in recent months have hardly provided positive spin for the industry.
Last week a mystery object, thought to be a military or law enforcement drone, flying in controlled airspace over Denver almost caused a catastrophic mid air crash with a commercial jet.
Last summer, police in North Dakota used a Predator drone to spy on a family who refused to give back three cows and their calves that wandered onto their 3,000-acre farm.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show and Infowars Nightly News.
Lee Andrews, the lead singer in doo-wop group Lee Andrews & the Hearts and father of the Roots' Questlove, has died, Billboard reports. They were 79.
In 1953, Andrews formed Lee Andrews & the Hearts in Philadephia. In 1957, Chess picked up their hit "Long Lonely Nights" from Mainline, and did the same for "Teardrops." The following year, the group moved to United Artists and charted with "Try the Impossible." They continued to tour in the '60s.
Questlove, born Ahmir-Khalib Thompson, has written about their father's influence. When Questlove was 10, Andrews encouraged them to take on the group's light show. Two years later, Andrews' drummer sprained their arm before a concert. "My Dad just said, 'You know the show. Go play it,'" Questlove writes in their memoir, Mo' Meta Blues. It was their debut as a drummer.
On Instagram yesterday evening, Questlove wrote:
The Greatest Teacher in my life, my dad Lee Andrews June 2nd 1936-March 16 2016. I love you. For every backstage experience. For every drum lesson. For giving me your tireless work ethic. For our father & son record binging expeditions. For our arguments over the summer I discovered #ItTakesANationOfMillions. For the look on your face when I told you "imma give this rap thing a try" (I waited til our 2nd album to have this convo btw) For the look on your face 5 years later when I told you "you don't have to work no more. For the look on your face when a year later I was like "Seriously dad, you don't have to work anymore!" For bringing my mom & my sister into my life. For the years we fell out. For the years we put it back together. But really, for the last 2 conversations we had. I understand why you were so hard on me praying I didn't succumb to a fate not meant for a teenager in west philly in the mid 80s. I didn't understand it at the time. But I appreciate it now. I hope Donn & I do you proud. #LeeAndrewsAndTheHearts
FOOTAGE of women sunbathing topless at Danish beaches should be included in tourism videos to scare away extremists, politician says.
Peter Skaarup, foreign policy spokesperson for the Danish People's Party, is calling on the government to consider the idea, the UK's Telegraph reported.
They say that including the shots of sunbathing women in a video screened as part of an immigration test would emphasise the point that Demnark is an open, free society.
“Topless bathing probably isn't a common sight on Pakistani beaches, but in Denmark it is still considered quite normal," Mr Skaarup said.
"I honestly believe that by including a couple of bare breasts in the movie, extremists may have to think twice before deciding to come to Denmark."
However doubts have been raised about the idea, with Naser Khader, a member of the Danish parliament and founder of the Moderate Muslims movement, say it wouldn't work.
"A pair of naked breasts is no protection against extremism," Khader wrote on their Facebook page.
"It's quite the opposite, fundamentalists are so obsessed with sex that they will be pouring in over the borders."
Mr Skaarup said that a similar documentary in Holland showed bare breasts, and that Denmark should follow their example.
The American working class has been decimated in this country. Whether you belong to the Left or the Right, we must be able to agree here. American workers have seen the cost of housing skyrocket, have had their wages stagnate and have had their life expectancy decrease. All of this, while the working class is working harder and producing more than ever. D.C. politicians have been deaf to the cries of this MASSIVE voting block for decades and while they often paid lip service to their needs, little has been done to protect workers from the ravages of unfettered trade deals like NAFTA and changes brought on by the seismic shift toward globalization. This was the single most powerful force driving the populist movements behind both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump during the primary season. It was not racism, xenophobia, homophobia, sexism, ageism, or any other perceived mass bigotry espoused by misguided political pundits and lazy journalists with inherent biases.
I don't blame AntiFa actors for getting swept up in a cultural hysteria perpetuated by the Democrats to hide their own ineptitude. When ‘liberal' media outlets spout deranged propaganda in every conceivable form while ensuring their audience that President Trump is a unique blend of incompetent and evil who poses an explicit danger to every vulnerable social group from transsexuals to immigrants to minorities, people are bound to be very nervous at the prospect of that kind of president. Especially when the messages are being received by hyper-sensitive mobs of cowardly people incapable of critical thought and rational self-control like AntiFa has proven time and time again to be.
Formula 1's tyre supplier is still seeking answers this week as to why the rear tyres of several cars were seen to deform in a strange way on the exit of low-speed corners.
It was the first time such a phenomenon had been witnessed and, although it posed no risk to the structural integrity of the tyres, the vibrations did contribute to damage to Lance Stroll's Williams in qualifying.
Pirelli's F1 racing manager Mario Isola suspects that the effect could return at Monza, although they do not think it will be as extreme this time.
"It is possible because you have big braking and big traction on the exit of the low speed chicanes," they said.
"But we have also to understand the effect of the grip, and the roughness of the tarmac. I am not sure we have the same at Monza."
Isola said that work would take pace at Pirelli's Milan factory this weekend to better understand what was happening at the Belgian GP.
"We are checking the frequency of the vibrations and we continue to investigate," they said. "It is a new effect, similar to what we have had on the sidewall [in the past] but it is on the tread.
"When we spoke to the teams they were confident it didn't create an issue and the race was okay, so they were right. And in our investigation, we cut a lot of tyres during the race weekend and we didn't find anything to support any conclusion.
"So we need to carry on investigating and checking. It is at low speed traction so it is an effect of the traction, and then we will look at the data from the race as well."
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven
There is a lady who worships money and material things, who plans to buy their way into Heaven.
When they get there they know, if the stores are all closed
With a word they can get what they came for
The lady "knows" (incorrectly) that even if the stores in Heaven are closed, they can get what they came for just by waving some money. Note that their idea of Heaven is a shopping mall - a delightful dig at money-obsessed cultures.
There's a sign on the wall but they want to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
Once they have gotten to the end of their stairway, they see a sign in their (shopping mall) Heaven. That sign is likely "We're Closed", which has the double meaning of being a standard shopping mall sign and of the woman's close-mindedness. They want to be sure because they have come a long way to find that Heaven was closed to them
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven
I parsed the second line as, "Sometimes we all have thoughts that are misgiven" (as opposed to, "Sometimes all of us have thoughts that are misgiven simultaneously"). The bird is singing a song of sympathy, that it can happen to the best of us. The lady who tried to buy a stairway to Heaven was not a bad person; just misguided.
There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
Looking "to the west" means looking into the future. Their spirit "crying for leaving" suggests embarking on a quest from a place of comfort (I suspect this line was inspired by a scene of Frodo at Tom Bombadil's house before departing again on their quest). Alternative interpretation: "crying for leaving" suggests a forboding about the prospect of their and/or humanity's mortality.
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking
In their thoughts, they have seen a community of spirits co-existing out in the woods. The emotions they see in these spirits are a mixture of trepidation and hope (from the spirits who stand looking), and acceptence of bittersweet realities (from the spirits making smoke rings in the woods).
And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
The community of spirits is whispering (with cautious optimism) that if we choose to seek it, "the piper" will lead us on a path of reason and truth. This is a prophecy of the spirits. The piper represents a god-like figure, likely inspired by the character Tom Bombadil from Lord of the Rings.
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter
The prophecy continues: for those who can rough it out in the meantime, the path of the piper will one day lead to good places. "And the forests will echo with laughter": when this day arrives, the spirits will rejoice. The cautious optimism and partial resignation described earlier will have all but vanished.
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Don't be alarmed if you start encountering the spirits in your day-to-day life. They are friendly and are just doing their thing. (The May queen is probably just one example of many that might have been chosen for inclusion here. Alternatively: the May queen was inspired by Goldberry in Lord of the Rings, who represents Mother Nature.)
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on
The two paths are toward Heaven and Hell, as they are envisioned in various potential utopian and dystopian societies. "There's still time to change the road you're on": this cuts both ways, so it is both cautionary and hopeful.
Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join them
Your head is humming the tune of the piper (and in case you don't know, it won't be going away). You are being called by the piper to join them on the path of reason.
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?
To the lady trying to buy the stairway: the real stairway to Heaven is in "the whispering wind" (in which the piper's tune can be heard; perhaps a trust in one's own intuitions and experiences about what is true and good).
And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
As we live out our lives, the effect of our wake grows continually larger. It grows to the point that it exceeds the influence of our soul. This is about the compounding effects of karma, and why it is so important to start "joining the piper" sooner rather than later.
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
This is probably in reference to another spirit, who wants to show people that the real path to Heaven still leads to everything you could possibly want, even if what you want is material wealth. That is to say, in the long run we can be far richer (by any metric) by following a path of reason and truth.
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
If you listen for the tune of the piper, it will come to you.
When all are one and one is all, yeah
To be a rock and not to roll
The path of the piper ultimately leads to Heaven, where we are at one with the universe. The first line reminds me of the vision Simon and Garfunkel saw in "the naked light" (in The Sound of Silence). "To be a rock and not to roll" means to be strong and true, and not to roll (ie, onto the path that leads downward).
# EastBoston Massachusetts Taxpayers File Suit to Stop MBTA-Wynn Secret Land Deal
Boston, July 6, 2015 – Today thirty taxpayers from across the Commonwealth filed a lawsuit in Massachusetts Superior Court challenging the sale of MBTA property in Everett to Steve Wynn and Wynn Casinos. The complaint asserts that the MBTA failed to comply with the state public bidding law with respect to the land the MBTA proposed to sell to Wynn for the casino. The MBTA and Steve Wynn conducted private negotiations and agreed upon terms of the sale of the land without making the land available to other bidders or determining whether the land was needed now or would be in the future. The embattled MBTA even ignored the pleadings of the MBTA operations staff, who, in more than one communication with superiors, implored the MBTA not to sell the land, including in an email obtained through public records request in which MBTA staff stated that the sale of the land would create “an unsafe condition” on the property.
The complaint also describes how the MBTA land was sold for as much as 80% less than the fair market value. In records obtained by the plaintiffs, MassDOT, which oversees the MBTA, understood the land to be worth as much as $30 million. In another communication, Wynn expected to pay “eight (8) figures” for the land. Wynn subsequently agreed to purchase the land for only $6 million. The sale was critical to Wynn as the casino developer may not construct the proposed casino without the land, and Wynn was at risk of losing its gaming license if it could not lock up all real estate necessary for the proposed development by February of this year.
All transfers of publicly owned property to private individuals must follow a rigid and open process to ensure that the interests of the citizens of the Commonwealth are served in any such transactions. In this case, the MBTA negotiated and signed a deal before issuing any public notice or opportunity for competing bidders.
Plaintiff Ann Kelleher, a Charlestown resident remarked, “This deal was done behind closed doors and the only one who benefits from it is Steve Wynn. It is our responsibility to hold the MBTA and MassDOT accountable and that's what this lawsuit is meant to do.”
Thomas O. Bean, lead attorney for the plaintiffs said, “Public entities such as the MBTA are required to strictly comply with the state public bidding law. The MBTA failed to do so, harming Massachusetts taxpayers.” Mr. Bean was successful last year in getting an initiative petition on the ballot to “Repeal the Casino Deal.”
“We were promised that casinos were going to benefit our state, that the Massachusetts law was the best in the country. Yet here we are discussing a deal where a multi-billionaire waltzed in and got an 80% discount, when the T has been facing budget shortfalls for years”, said John Ribeiro, former chairperson of Repeal the Casino Deal. “It is up to The People to remain vigilant and to hold the casino industry and their regulators to the highest standards, and certainly to state law.” they concluded.
Please contact John Ribeiro with questions at 617-981-4177; johnfribeiro@gmail.com.
Story highlights Michigan voters had approved ban on considering race, gender in college admissions
"Tremendous day for black and Latino students," lawyer representing plaintiffs says
Ruling won't go into effect immediately, Michigan attorney general's office says
Michigan attorney general, who defends the ban, to appeal to Supreme Court
A federal appeals court on Thursday narrowly struck down Michigan's 6-year-old ban on considering race and gender in college admissions, a ruling that the state intends to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled 8-7 that the affirmative action ban, which Michigan voters passed in a 2006 referendum, violated the U.S. Constitution's equal protection laws.
The ruling is the latest step in a years-long legal battle over whether the state's colleges can use race and gender as a factor in choosing which students to admit. The ban's opponents say the case could help strike down anti-affirmative-action policies in other states if it goes to the Supreme Court.
JUST WATCHED Is affirmative action constitutional? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is affirmative action constitutional? 02:26
JUST WATCHED SCOTUS to hear affirmative action case Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH SCOTUS to hear affirmative action case 02:45
JUST WATCHED SCOTUS to hear affirmative action case Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH SCOTUS to hear affirmative action case 03:06
"We think this is a tremendous victory for the tens and hundreds of thousands of students who fought for affirmative action for decades," said Michigan attorney George Washington, who represents the By Any Means Necessary coalition that sued to overturn the ban.
"This is a tremendous day for black and Latino students in the entire country," Washington said.
The ruling might take a while to go into effect, if ever. The office of Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, who is defending the ban, says the court's rulings take effect only when it issues a mandate, usually weeks later.
But Schuette intends to inform the court that they will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, and will ask the appeals court to stay its ruling until the high court can review the case, Schuette spokesperson Joy Yearout said.
Schuette plans to file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court within 90 days, their office said.
"(The ban) embodies the fundamental premise of what America is all about: equal opportunity under the law," Schuette said in a news release Thursday. "Entrance to our great universities must be based upon merit."
A three-judge panel from the same court made a similar ruling on the ban last year, 2-1. Schuette then asked the full court to consider the case, leading to Thursday's ruling.
The ban was passed in a 2006 referendum, with 58% voting yes. It was added to the state's constitution, barring publicly funded colleges from granting "preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity or national origin."
That prompted a series of lawsuits and appeals from various groups.
In Thursday's ruling, Judge R. Guy Cole wrote that the ban illegally gives minorities fewer ways to persuade colleges to adopt a "race-conscious admissions policy" than people have to influence colleges on other aspects of admissions.
"A black student seeking the adoption of a constitutionally permissible race-conscious admissions policy ... could do only one thing to effect change: They could attempt to amend the Michigan Constitution -- a lengthy, expensive and arduous process -- to repeal the consequences" of the ban, Cole wrote.
On the other hand, a student could do several other things to persuade a college to alter its admissions policy to favor applicants' alumni connections, including lobbying the admissions committee or petitioning the university's leaders, Cole wrote.
"The existence of such a comparative structural burden undermines the Equal Protection Clause's guarantee that all citizens ought to have equal access to the tools of political change," Cole wrote.
Michigan voters approved the ban after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2003 that while Michigan universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit, they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted
The referendum effort was led by Jennifer Gratz, who was at the center of the high court case. As a white student, they were put on the waiting list for undergraduate admission to the state's largest university. They eventually attended another school, and became the lead plaintiff in a subsequent reverse discrimination lawsuit.
After the Supreme Court's 2003 decision, they began a public campaign to end racial preferences in admissions.
The Michigan ban also prohibits the state from considering race and gender in public hiring and public contracting decisions. But Thursday's ruling deals only with the college admissions portion, Yearout said.
Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial. The Brown v. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools, but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states who initially refused to integrate.
In 1978 in the so-called Bakke case, the Supreme Court ruled universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity that allows for the use of affirmative action. That issue involved a reverse discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to law school.
The issue in recent years is whether and when affirmative action programs would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met.
The Supreme Court is considering whether the University of Texas' admissions practices aimed at creating campus diversity violate the rights of some white applicants.
Washington said they hope that the Supreme Court takes the Michigan case. They said they hope that if it rules against the ban, it also would strike down some other states' rules against affirmative action, such as those in California that do not allow race considerations in college admissions.
It doesn't get much scarier than this. Bluebox Security claimed to have discovered a vulnerability in Android's security model that could allow attackers to convert 99 percent of all applications into Trojan malware . Google has told ZDNet that the hole has been patched and that it has been released to original equipment manufacturers (OEM)s.
Bluebox Security CTO Jeff Forristal had said that this Master Key vulnerability has been "around at least since the release of Android 1.6, [and] could affect any Android phone released in the last four years — or nearly 900 million devices."
This security vulnerability is in how Android applications are verified and installed. Each application has a cryptographic signature, to ensure that the contents of an application have not been tampered with. The security hole, however, enables attackers to change the contents of an application while leaving the signature intact.
Gina Scigliano, Google's Android Communications Manager, said that while Google didn't have a statement, they could "confirm that a patch has been provided to our partners - some OEMs, like Samsung, are already shipping the fix to the Android devices."
Thus, Android users will, as they always have, need to reply upon their hardware vendors for this update.
They may not need to worry too much. Scigliano added, "We have not seen any evidence of exploitation in Google Play or other app stores via our security scanning tools. Google Play scans for this issue - and Verify Apps provides protection for Android users who download apps to their devices outside of Play."
Related Stories:
A new species of terrestrial crab has been found to climb trees on the eastern coast of Hong Kong. All specimens spotted during the survey have been collected at a height of approximately 1.5 - 1.8 m, walking on the bark of the branches at ebbing and low tides. The species is described in the open access journal ZooKeys.
Among the crab's characteristic traits are squarish predominantly dark brown carapace, very long legs and orange chelipeds. The species is less than a centimetre long, with the studied specimens measuring between 8 and 9 millimetres, irrespective of their sex. However, the chelipeds of the males appear stout, while in females they are distinctly more slender.
The scientists who found the new species (Haberma tingkok), Dr. Stefano Cannicci, the Swire Institute of Marine Science at the University of Hong Kong, and Dr. Peter Ng, National University of Singapore, have placed the new species in a small genus, which now contains merely three species. In fact, Dr. Peter Ng has been involved in the discovery of all of them. They also led the team that established the genus 15 years ago, having collected a small previously undescribed species of mangrove crab from Singapore.
The discovery of the tiny crustacean once again proves how little is known about the diversity of these crabs in Hong Kong. Furthermore, the mangroves that make for the habitat of the new species are under severe impact by both pollution and land reclamation, which underlines the urgent need for their conservation.
Earlier this year, Dr. Peter Ng teamed up with Dr. Jose Christopher Mendoza to describe another new species of crab, collected from the rubble at the island of Guam and named after two of the main characters in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter fantasy series.
###
Original source:
The president and first lady chose to spend part of their Thanksgiving feeding and thanking active duty members of the Armed Forces.
President Trump and Melania Trump showed up to Coast Guard Station Lake Worth Inlet to deliver meals to dozens of active Coast Guardsmen who had to work on Thanksgiving.
The First family served sandwiches, fruit, juice, cookies, muffins and sodas they had donated to sixty active duty coast guardsmen, some who were heading out to patrol soon thereafter.
According to the White House Pool report, Trump encouraged the men and women in the room:
“It is an honor to be here,” the president said.
They noted that “there is no brand that went up like the Coast Guard” during the hurricanes in Texas, the Gulf Coast and Puerto Rico. They recognized the Coast Guard for rescuing 16,000 people in Texas after Hurricane Harvey, a number that they say few knows or believe.
“Incredible people, you've done an incredible job,” Trump said.
The First Lady jumped in to tell the group: “Happy Thanksgiving!” They smiled and waved with both hands as they spoke.
The president offered to take questions from the Coast Guard, although no one spoke up — which the president says they love.
The first lady shared this message on Twitter:
Thrilled to spend part of our Thanksgiving w the local Coast Guard station in Florida. Thank you to all members of the military who keep us safe! #HappyThanksgiving2017 pic.twitter.com/WKpDCoi2Rx — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) November 23, 2017
Happy Thanksgiving.
After several weeks of relative peace terrorists attacked Israel on its northern and southern fronts.
In the north, several mortars were fired at Israeli targets early this morning, with a mortar landing near an IDF outpost in Mt. Hermon region.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The IDF responded with artillery fire aimed at the source of the mortar fire. No injuries or damage were registered on the Israeli side.
An initial investigation revealed that at roughly 5 am a mortar landed only a few hundred meters from the outpost. Heavy fog was felt in the area, hindering visibility, and once it cleared, the IDF began searching the area to find the shell.
The IDF said that "it reserves the right to respond in any way and any time to any and all attacks on Israel to protect Israeli's residents."
The last time such an incident occurred, an investigation revealed it was not a targeted attack on Israel, but rather stray shell from Syrian infighting, which at times rages a few hundred meters from the border with Israel on the Golan.
In the south IAF aircraft targeted two terror sites in the central and southern Gaza Strip in retaliation to two rocket attacks against Israel in the last two days. Direct hits were confirmed.
According to IDF, the attack was a response to rocket fire at the Israeli territory. Sunday night Color Red siren was sounded at the Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council.
Lt. Col. Peter Lerner, IDF Spokesman said after the attacks: "This morning's IDF actions are a direct response to Gaza terrorist aggression against the citizens of southern Israel. The unlawful Gaza rocket attacks, meant to terrorize, maim and kill Israelis will not be allowed to become routine.
We will fulfill our obligation to protect Israel and seek out and destroy the capabilities of those who wish to attack us".
The last time the IAF attacked terror sites in Gaza was in April, when it again responded to rocket fire by Gazan terrorists.
Aryeh Savir from the Tazpit News Agency contributed to this report, as did Ynet's Yoav Zitun.
“Intertextuality” is a word used to describe ways in which various texts refer to, or play off of, each other, often without explicitly indicating it. For example, a 2012 book titled “Seven Habits of Highly Fulfilled People” unmistakably alludes to Stephen Covey's famous 1990 best-seller, “The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.” Sometimes, authors hope that their audiences will keep the other text in mind.
The Book of Mormon contains numerous such examples, and probably quite a few remain to be discovered. John Welch has shown that legal language in the Book of Mormon tends to be highly consistent, perhaps indicating its dependence on underlying legal materials. Royal Skousen's superb studies of the book's textual history have established what they call its “systematic nature”; its terminology and phrasing tend to be very consistent. I offer three non-legal examples first discussed by Professor Welch:
In Alma 36, Alma describes their conversion. At one point, they report, “methought I saw, even as our father Lehi saw, God sitting upon their throne, surrounded with numberless concourses of angels, in the attitude of singing and praising their God” (36:22). Twenty-one of these words are quoted verbatim from 1 Nephi 1:8, where Lehi “thought they saw God sitting upon their throne, surrounded with numberless concourses of angels in the attitude of singing and praising their God.” These two passages are far apart. Yet, as Professor Welch points out, it's “highly unlikely that Joseph Smith asked Oliver Cowdery to read back to them what they had translated earlier so that they could get the quote exactly the same. If that had happened, Oliver Cowdery would undoubtedly have questioned them and lost faith in the translation.”
Similar instances occur when, in Helaman 14:12, Samuel the Lamanite plainly quotes 21 words from King Benjamin (see Mosiah 3:8), and, very likely, when 3 Nephi 8:6-23, recounting the destruction in the New World at the crucifixion of Christ, mentions precisely the same natural phenomena prophesied by Zenos in 1 Nephi 19:11-12.
I would like to suggest two additional illustrations of Book of Mormon “intertextuality” that I, at least, don't recall being mentioned anywhere else.
The first concerns Alma 29:1-2, in which Alma the Younger famously expresses their yearning to reach all humanity with the message of the gospel:
“O that I were an angel, and could have the wish of mine heart, that I might go forth and speak with the trump of God, with a voice to shake the earth, and cry repentance unto every people! Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as with the voice of thunder, repentance and the plan of redemption, that they should repent and come unto our God, that there might not be more sorrow upon all the face of the earth.”
Alma's expression of their desire seems plainly based upon their own personal conversion experience, in which an angel appeared to them who “spake as it were with a voice of thunder, which caused the earth to shake,” and summoned them to repentance. “Doth not my voice shake the earth?” the angel asked, rhetorically. “He spake unto us, as it were the voice of thunder, and the whole earth did tremble beneath our feet” (see Mosiah 27:10-15; Alma 36:6-11).
The second proposed example suggests reliance upon the Old Testament story of Elijah, presumably available to the Nephites via the brass plates that Lehi brought with them from the Old World. (John Sorenson, incidentally, has suggested on other grounds that the brass plates originated in the northern kingdom of Israel, where Elijah lived and prophesied.)
In 1 Kings 19:11-12, we read of Elijah's experience in the wilderness (perhaps in the Sinai) that “the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the Lord was not in the earthquake: And after the earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.” The Lord was “in” that “still small voice.”
The account of the destructions in 3 Nephi 8-11 tells of a great “storm,” “tempest,” “thunder” and “whirlwinds,” of fire and an earthquake that broke the rocks, ultimately followed by a “small voice” heralding the Savior's appearance. Such literary crafting suggests that its author wanted us to think, while reading it, of the story of Elijah.
SEOUL, South Korea — North and South Korea on Friday were set to hold high-level talks at a North Korean border town in their latest step to improve ties after they walked away from a military standoff in August.
No major breakthrough was expected at the meeting between vice-ministerial officials in Kaesong, but analysts said it was meaningful the rivals were carrying out on previously agreed reconciliation efforts.
South Korean officials have expressed hopes of discussing more reunions between aging family members separated by the 1950-53 Korean War. Analysts have said cash-strapped North Korea might seek the South's commitment to restart joint tours to its scenic Diamond Mountain resort, which were suspended by Seoul in 2008 following the shooting death of a South Korean tourist there by North Korean soldiers.
"There are a lot of issues to discuss between the South and North. (We) will do our best to resolve them one at a time, step by step," said Hwang Boogi, South Korea's vice minister of unification and the head negotiator for the talks, before leaving for Kaesong.
Expectations for Friday's meeting were lowered last month when both sides in preparatory negotiations settled for a meeting at the vice-ministerial level, which likely ruled out discussions on more important issues between the rivals.
The countries threatened war against each other last summer over land mine explosions that maimed two South Korean soldiers. The standoff eased in August when they met for marathon talks and agreed on a set of tension-reduction efforts, including resuming talks between senior officials, and holding a new round of reunions for war-separated families, which were held in October.
ALLEN PARK -- If last week was any indication, there will be a couple players notably absent from the first units when the Detroit Lions begin their second wave of OTAs on Tuesday. Tight end Eric Ebron and linebacker Kyle Van Noy, the team's top two draft picks. General manager Martin Mayhew is confident they added three immediate starters in the NFL draft, and Ebron and Van Noy are expected to be among them. But neither is being handed a thing during the preliminary stages of the team's offseason program. "You got to expect it," Ebron said after Wednesday's practice. "You got to work your way to the top. It's a part of the system. You probably weren't a third-string player since Pop Warner football, but now you just got to work your way to the top. "Ain't nothin' big." Ebron is expected to start this season and receive a bulk of their time in the slot. But he's taking their preliminary reps behind Brandon Pettigrew and Joseph Fauria, Detroit's top two tight ends from last season. The former North Carolina star seems to have embraced the steep expectations they will face this season, but also understands their place as a rookie -- even conducting this interview while holding Pettigrew's helmet, a traditional rite of passage in the NFL. Pettigrew, entering their sixth year with the Lions, is helping Ebron to adapt. "(Pettigrew) is not one of those stuck-up guys that believes a rookie's a rookie. He'll try to help you because they need help too," Ebron said. "Just helping me line up, get things right, playbook, all that stuff." Van Noy also did not practice with the first team during Wednesday's workout, instead slotting in behind Ashlee Palmer at strong-side linebacker. The second-rounder out of BYU is expected to eventually win that job. But Coach Jim Caldwell warned not to read too much into which players were with which units at this early stage. "One of the things you'll notice about this, we did rotate in quite a few groups," they said. "It should be looked at more as a rep chart than a depth chart. It doesn't matter when you see them coming in. Don't make any assumptions that that's the role he's going to play for us. "But it gives the guys an opportunity when a guy's not there, whatever the numbers are, to get a few more reps. Reps are priceless at this time of year because they are just few and far between. You only get so many of these practice opportunities. The more you get, the better opportunity you have."
The pilot program, according to the company, serves as "a Proof of Concept to clarify the legal framework, consider local conditions and explore the technical and business capabilities of the drones." Matternet isn't a new player by any means -- it's already used its drones to deliver meds in Haiti -- so the Swiss Post chose a great partner for the project. "Our product is vertically integrated into a complete transportation solution. Swiss Post comes to us, we supply them all the technology (drones, landing pads, batteries, charging stations, cloud software) and they just focus on operations," one of its founders, Andreas Raptopoulos, told TechCrunch. If this first run is successful, the postal service hopes to go through two more rounds of pilot testing to determine how viable delivery drones truly are.
The deadline for cities to apply for MLS expansion has come and gone, and twelve ownership groups have stepped forward with the intent of becoming one of the four newest teams in MLS. One of the two cities in the state of North Carolina to submit a bid is none other than the Queen City, better known as Charlotte. Here is the MLS Expansion Profile for the Queen City.
MLS Expansion Profile: Charlotte
Ownership Group and Stadium Plan
The bid for Charlotte was, surprisingly enough, the first expansion bid of the current twelve. Marcus Smith, president and CEO of Speedway Motorsports, submitted a bid on January 31st at 5:37 PM Eastern Standard Time.
Marcus Smith is a well-off piece of the ownership group, with their reported salary at the end of the 2015 fiscal year was approximately $3.8 million. Smith is the son of Bruton Smith, who has a reported net worth of $1.5 billion. It's safe to say that the Smith family surely has the financial clout to support a possible MLS franchise.
The major downside to the Charlotte expansion bid is that the Charlotte City Council voted down the proposed stadium plan. The vote that was turned down was a proposed plan to replace Charlotte's Memorial Stadium. The Charlotte Observer, however, stated that the Mecklenburg County Commissioners voted 5-3 in favor of the proposed plan, and the stadium plan looks back on track. This uncertainty has caused many to be very reserved on the chances of Charlotte being approved for expansion.
One point, and one that needs to be out in the open, is that the proposed stadium plan for Charlotte would see both the city of Charlotte and the county each pay $43.75 million towards the estimated $175 million stadium. This proposed plan would also see Smith loaned a total of $75 million for the building of the stadium, all of which would be paid back over the course of the next 25 years.
It may not be the most stable of plans, especially in comparison to some of the more attractive bids like Nashville and San Diego, but it's a plan in place and can keep Charlotte moving forward in their hope for an MLS franchise.
Current Soccer Landscape
Charlotte has one strong point going for them in their MLS expansion bid, and it's that they already have an established soccer culture. Seeing as they already support (albeit with well below average attendance) a professional team in the USL, the Charlotte Independence, many believe they could easily do the same with a much more nationally recognized franchise, in a much more well-known league, both nationally and internationally.
The Independence currently play in Mecklenburg County, where the MLS expansion club would play, in a stadium that seats a very meager 2,300 in total. The reported attendance ratings for their first season in this stadium was a relatively poor 1,375 per game. This doesn't bode well for their bid, but attendance at a USL, or even an NASL, club doesn't always correlate directly with how an MLS organization would draw in attendance.
The best barometer to tell how an MLS franchise would do in a city is how well the national teams are supported when they play there. Unfortunately for Charlotte, there hasn't been any there for the USMNT at the senior, U-23, or U-20 levels in the last two and a half years.
Despite their lack of USA National Team games, they do have an NCAA Division 1 program in the city, and do have a growing love for the game at the youth level. And for the league to grab ahold of a growing southern market, and one of the fastest growing cities in the United States, it would be good to grow the game in an area hungry for soccer.
Other Contributing Factors
The fact that the originally sketchy stadium plan being sorted out is a pivotal step forward in Charlotte's bid for an MLS organization. Add this together with an ownership group that can easily support a club financially and you get a recipe for relative success.
Another contributing factor that lends favor to the Charlotte bid is that it is currently the thirteenth fastest growing city in the United States. Charlotte had a reported population growth rate of 1.84% in 2015, which is even more impressive when that's the worst year when compared to 2014 and 2015. With a population of 2.38 million people in 2014, Charlotte came in as the 22nd largest metropolitan area in the United States.
Expanding on the market aspects in regards to soccer, Charlotte was ranked as the 46th best city for soccer fans. This ranking has them coming in above fellow expansion bidders San Antonio, Nashville, Detroit, and San Diego. This makes Charlotte a much more attractive location, especially when you combine it with the shear number of people in the city. When you add both of those factors together, it's hard to imagine that they would have a hard time bringing in solid attendance.
Another relevant point, in regards to international matches and attendance, is that Charlotte has played host to three matches for the International Champions Cup. The games have all been played in the Bank of America Stadium, which seats 73,778 fans. The most recent ICC match in Charlotte, played between Bayern Munich and Inter Milan, drew a crowd of 53,629, showcasing that the fans will come out for teams that aren't even relevant to their local leagues. The other match between Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea also drew a crowd of 61,224. Impressive numbers that will surely lend a hand to the bid for Charlotte.
Another contributing factor to Charlotte being a good option is that they have already been a successful location for other professional sports organizations. The Carolina Panthers of the NFL averaged 73,792 per game in 2016, which is 100% of their stadium capacity. The other professional organization in Charlotte, the Charlotte Hornets, is currently averaging 17,200 fans per game, a number which represents 90.2% of their stadium capacity. For two teams that aren't challenging for trophies in their respective sports every year this is an encouraging trend that an expansion team would do well there.
Overall Chances
Regardless of how you spin it, it's hard to say that Charlotte has any real chance of being one of the next four expansion cities. When you take into account that it's competing with cities like Detroit, Nashville, St. Louis, Sacramento, and San Diego, it becomes less and less likely that Charlotte will be one of the next four cities to enter into Major League Soccer expansion. However, stranger things have happened.
Previous MLS Expansion Profile Articles
Sacramento
St. Louis
Detroit
Nashville
Tampa/St. Petersburg
Phoenix
Raleigh/Durham
Indianapolis
Buccaneer
Because self-defense shouldn't be a luxury item, we created the Buccaneer with the everyman in mind. This single occupant fighter is less expensive than our competitors, but just as effective. Multiple weapon mounts and two missile pylons guarantee you'll hold your own if you're ever caught in a scrap.
The sleek shape and light mass means nimble flying, so you can quickly maneuver out of harm's way. The fighter also makes a nice companion for other ships in the Drake lineup, such as the Caterpillar. Defend your cargo and your loved ones with the Drake Buccaneer today.
Development Status: The Drake Buccaneer became flight ready with Star Citizen Alpha 2.6.2.
Cutlass
Drake Interplanetary is committed to the safety of all citizens and civilians, which is why we designed the Cutlass. This low-cost, low-maintenance ship comes with a larger-than-average cargo hold and dedicated tractor mount for facilitating search and rescue operations. In fact, the Cutlass Red model is the go-to first responder for mobile medstations like the MISC Endeavor. The standard cargo hold comes equipped with a medical facility and Autodoc. Another popular model, the Cutlass Black, has been praised by local militia for decades. All products from Drake Enterprises are developed with your protection and security in mind. Development Status: The Drake Cutlass Black became flight ready with Arena Commander 1.0. The Black is close to completing a major update, with the variants scheduled to follow.
Dragonfly
Ever dreamed of open canopy racing like a pro? The economical Dragonfly turns that dream into a reality. Feel the wind in your hair or speed through the stars thanks to the modular chassis on this personal recreation vehicle. While in ground mode, skim across the rockiest of terrain with in-line mounted gravlevs. Fully extended outriders allow for exceptional mobility and responsiveness in zero-g mode. Go anywhere in the Dragonfly. The only limit to adventure is your imagination.
Drake Interplanetary promotes good sportsmanship and equality, which is why we're a proud sponsor of the Amateur Open Canopy Racing League. Join the fun by getting a Drake Dragonfly today!
Development Status: Development of the Drake Dragonfly has been completed, it will premiere alongside procedural planets in an upcoming update.
Herald
Called “The Empire's Most Secure Data Courier Service” by trusted industry leaders, the Herald is a high speed courier ship, capable of moving data quickly and securely across the universe. We don't believe you should ever compromise between speed and safety when it comes to your personal messages. That's why the Drake Herald comes equipped with powerful main thrusters and dual missile racks. Your trust is important to us. So when you trust us with your private data, only the best protection will suffice. Everything within the Data Storage Pod receives a proprietary encryption algorithm. In the slim chance your data falls into unsavory hands, the algorithm will render it unusable. Own the best messenger in the universe. Own the Herald. Development Status: The Drake Herald became flight ready with Star Citizen Alpha 2.6.
Caterpillar
It's said that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Owners of the Caterpillar know that the beauty in this cargo ship is its seemingly limitless ability to mix and match cargo modules. In addition, the small price point makes cargo hauling a more affordable profession than ever. The Caterpillar is less expensive than other cargo ships, making it a popular choice for independent haulers. Thanks to the Caterpillar, more people than ever have become financially independent.
At Drake Interplanetary, we're dedicated to making everyone's life a little easier. That's why the Caterpillar's front cargo can house open canopy vehicles like the Drake Dragonfly, so you can access various landing sites with ease. The front cargo lift also folds into the cargo bay for smoother loading and unloading of your wares. Built with your safety in mind, the Command Module can detach from the body of the ship in the event of emergency. Fans of the Caterpillar refer to the Command Module as the “ship within the ship.” We hope that you call the Caterpillar your “home away from home” on those long cargo hauls.
Development Status: The Drake Caterpillar became flight ready with Star Citizen Alpha 2.6.
Drake Combo Packs
COLLEGE PARK, Md. (AP) — The FBI is investigating the stabbing of a visiting black student by a white University of Maryland student as a possible hate crime, authorities say.
Sean Christopher Urbanski has been charged with first- and second-degree murder as well as first-degree assault in the weekend attack that killed Richard Collins III, police said.
University of Maryland Police Chief David Mitchell said they asked the FBI to assist in the investigation after learning that that the 22-year-old suspect belonged to a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich: Nation,” where members post disparaging material about African Americans and others.
“We are here to evaluate that as an ongoing concern with respect to whether or not this was a hate crime,” Gordon Johnson, special agent in charge of the FBI field office in Baltimore, said at a news conference Sunday evening.
No attorney was listed for Urbanski in online court records and a message left Sunday at a number listed for their home in Severna Park was not immediately returned.
Collins, who was set to graduate from Bowie State on Tuesday, was visiting friends at the College Park campus when they were stabbed early Saturday morning. They were commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army days earlier, Mitchell said.
Officials have said Collins, 23, was with two friends near a bus stop on campus around 3 a.m. Saturday when they heard Urbanski screaming and watched them approach them.
Urbanski said “Step left, step left if you know what's best for you,” according to the charging documents. Collins said ‘no' before Urbanski stabbed them once in the chest, the documents say.
Mitchell, the police chief, said the attack has spread fear across the university.
“If I'm a person of color I would certainly look at this as something that could happen to me. In fact, I know on Facebook our students are saying that,” Mitchell said.
Dr. Artie Lee Travis, vice president for student affairs at Bowie State, said the school hopes the investigation moves forward as quickly as possible.
“Hate has no place in America,” Travis said. “Hate has no place on a college campus, where young minds are coming together to try to change the world,” they said.
Brian Douglas, who got to know Collins when they took a class together, said the man was looking forward to graduation.
“He was just nice, just a good young man all around. You can't find those too often in today's society,” Douglas said.
Ciera Sorrell, who also took a class with Collins, said their killing shocked the Bowie State community.
“Everyone is in disbelief,” they said. “He seemed so excited to get to live their life and they don't have that chance anymore,” they said.
The attack came as the University of Maryland hosted visitors for graduation festivities.
During Sunday's University of Maryland graduation ceremony, School President Wallace Loh led students and their families in a moment of silence for the slain Bowie State student. Loh called it a “senseless and unprovoked assault,” The Baltimore Sun reported.
“We are still in shock that a young man, so full of promise, should have their life cut short, so suddenly,” Loh said. “Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and friends, and with the entire Bowie State University community.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Wigan's Callum McManaman called up by England for European Under 21 Championship
Callum McManaman: Wigan winger included in England's squad for European Under 21 Championship
McManaman has been rewarded for a string of impressive performances with Roberto Martinez's side, including a man-of-the-match display in Saturday's shock FA Cup final win over Manchester City.
 They are part of a 23-man squad confirmed by manager Stuart Pearce on Tuesday but another wide man, Liverpool's Raheem Sterling, misses out with a thigh problem.
"I've made it my business over the last six weeks to have a real good look at Callum," Pearce, who worked with McManaman at the U20s World Cup in 2011, told the FA's official website.
"He's played so well and the culmination of that was a fantastic game in the (FA Cup) final. That will give their self-esteem the world of good.
"He came on the international scene a few years ago at U20 level and now he's found form at the right time, just before a major championship. I've seen fit to take him, even though he's not played U21 football."
With Danny Rose suspended for the Young Lions' first game against Italy in Tel Aviv on 5 June, Southampton left-back Luke Shaw is also in line for a debut, having missed February's clash with Sweden through injury.
Steven Caulker is back at Pearce's disposal after spending time with Roy Hodgson's senior squad and should reprise a formidable partnership with Craig Dawson that has not conceded a goal during a nine-game winning streak.
Wilfried Zaha, Jordan Henderson and Jonjo Shelvey are among the others in the squad with senior experience and Pearce admits they are approaching their fourth major tournament at U21 level in confident mood.
"We set out two years ago to win the tournament," they added.
"It's a four-step process; you have to get out of your group in qualification, you have to win the play-off, get out of the group in the finals, then win the tournament.
"We've done two of those, and now we want to go the rest of the way and lift the trophy."
England U21 squad:
Goalkeepers: Butland (Stoke), Steele (Middlesbrough), Rudd (Norwich)
Defenders: Caulker (Tottenham), Clyne (Southampton), Dawson (West Brom), Lees (Leeds), Rose (Sunderland, loan from Tottenham), Shaw (Southampton), Smith (Tottenham Hotspur), Wisdom (Liverpool)
Midfielders: Chalobah (Watford, loan from Chelsea), Henderson (Liverpool), Ince (Blackpool), Lansbury (Nottingham Forest), Lowe (Blackburn), McEachran (Chelsea), McManaman (Wigan Athletic), Shelvey (Liverpool), Townsend (QPR, loan from Tottenham)
Forwards: Zaha (Crystal Palace, loan from Manchester United), Marvin Sordell (Bolton), Connor Wickham (Sunderland)
England's group fixtures - live on Sky Sports (kick-off times BST):
5 June v Italy, Tel Aviv (7.30pm)
8 June v Norway, Petah Tikva (5pm)
11 June v Israel, Jerusalem (5pm)
In a Washingon Post op-ed piece published last Friday, Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) defends their attempt to block marijuana legalization in the nation's capital. Harris and their co-author, Rep. Joe Pitts (R-Pa.) argue that 1) marijuana is dangerous, 2) Congress has the constitutional authority to dictate public policy in the District of Columbia, and 3) allowing marijuana legalization there "would create legal chaos."
Harris and Pitts devote most of their words to the first point, which is the least relevant. Marijuana, like every other psychoactive drug, can cause problems when used inappropriately or excessively. But as the president and their drug czar have admitted, marijuana is less dangerous than alcohol in that respect. Last month D.C. voters overwhelmingly agreed that it makes no sense to treat cannabis consumers like criminals when drinkers suffer no such harassment and punishment. Harris and Pitts evidently disagree. But if, as they claim, they believe "the people of the District should have a local government that is tailored to their needs," why override the voters' judgment on this matter?
Harris and Pitts are right that Congress has the legal power to do so, but that does not mean it should. Nor does that mean it has. As I have pointed out, the rider that Harris inserted into the omnibus spending bill Congress passed last week bars the District from spending money to "enact" laws decriminalizing or legalizing marijuana. But Initiative 71, which legalizes possession, home cultivation, and sharing of marijuana, was enacted the day that voters approved it by a 2-to-1 margin. It takes effect automatically unless Congress passes (and President Obama signs) a joint resolution rejecting it. Congress must do so no later than 30 legislative days after D.C. Council President Phil Mendelson officially transmits the initiative, which they still plan to do next month. "The duty to transmit is not discretionary in my view," Mendelson told reporters yesterday. They elaborated in an interview with Roll Call:
I'm not trying to defy anybody. I'm responsible for transmitting the initiative. I have a very clear requirement in the Home Rule Act to transmit the legislation. Congress has the ability to step in when that legislation is transmitted, so I don't see anything that's provocative here and I certainly don't intend any provocation.
The problem for Harris is that getting a joint resolution passed (let alone getting the president to sign it) before the review period elapses would be much tougher to accomplish than attaching a rider to a must-pass spending bill at the end of a legislative session. So they will continue to insist that their rider not only blocks the D.C. Council's plans to license and regulate marijuana businesses but also nullifies Initiative 71, even though there seems to be a strong legal case that he's wrong.
Assuming Harris is wrong, will "legal chaos" ensue? Harris and Pitts worry that "individuals possessing an amount of marijuana legal by District law could find themselves arrested and prosecuted after they walk into a federal building or step into a federal park." But the same sort of potential exists in states that legalize marijuana. In fact, the federal government controls more of the land in Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, and Washington state than it does in Washington, D.C. Yet Colorado and Washingtion, which legalized possession two years ago, seem to be managing all right. Cannabis consumers in Alaska and Oregon likewise will have to keep in mind the risks they face if they venture into a federal courthouse or national park with weed in their pockets. Probably they will prefer such chaos to a more orderly system in which they can be arrested everywhere they go.
Effective immediately, The View will be down a panelist. Jedediah Bila is officially leaving the show and Monday's episode will be their last. ABC is wasting no time finding a sub. Former Fox News personality Meghan McCain is already rumored to be their replacement.
Bila addressed their exit in a heartfelt speech on air. "I wanna thank these ladies," they said, according to UPROXX. "What you don't know about us is, these ladies, we're really friends. Sunny's texts, Whoopi, you're my inspiration, Joy, when I need comedic relief, this is where I go, so we're gonna be friends no matter what."
After thanking the others for "putting up with her" eccentricity, they turned their attention to the people who tuned in every week. "I want to thank the viewers, even the ones who write me hate tweets, this is what I'm here for, I'm here to shake things up," they added.
TV Guide obtained a note that executive producers sent out to The View staffers on Monday morning regarding Bila's exit.
Team -
As some of you heard this morning at our meeting, we have some bittersweet news to share. Jed is leaving our show, and today is their last day. They have new opportunities on the horizon, including their new book.
She's been a spirited voice at the table over the past year, asking smart questions and challenging us all to think.
We want to thank Jed very much for all of their contributions and wish their great success with the next step in their career.
They will always be part of The View family, and we'll welcome them back to talk about their new projects.
Please join us in thanking Jed for their hard work, their dedication and their voice at the table.
Hilary, Candi, and Brian
The View Just Staged an Epic Sister Act Reunion
Though Balin is leaving, it looks like Meghan McCain — who recently stepped down from their post at Fox News — is in talks to join. A source confirms that the show, which has been looking for conservative voices since Candace Cameron Bure's departure last year, has a shortlist of who they'd like to fill and that their name is very likely in the mix. "I wouldn't be surprised if Megan McCain is on it," the source told TV Guide.
Bila joined The View in 2016 for Season 20, along with Sara Haines and Sunny Hostin, while Raven-Symoné and Bure departed.
The View airs weekdays at 11/10c on ABC.
So, many of us in Seattle were cooled out beyond cooled out when we found out we had our own superhero.
Until now…
Phoenix Jones has been aiding citizens in distress in our fair city since last winter. And many of us of the nerdly persuasion cheered them on. Until May 2nd. Well, May 1st really. So, on May 1st we had a fairly large Occupy Wall Street march, as well as a smaller march in favor of Immigration Reform. Now, several protestors accused Jones of pepper-spraying them. Jones has responded that they didn't pepper spray anyone, but was pepper-sprayed by the Black Bloc “anarchists” (about 15-20 dudes) who were responsible for some property damage during the otherwise incredibly peaceful protests. So, I don't know what happened there, but until and unless formal charges are filed, I'm willing to give Jones the benefit of the doubt. I mean, when you have a lot of people milling around, it's easy to get confused as to who is pepper-spraying whom.
HOWEVER, after hearing from a close friend that they had been in a local comic shop when Jones regaled eager listeners with their tales of May Day derring-do, which included talking about pepper-spraying people, and heard Jones say that they punched some “faggot” in the face, I am not so inclined to continue my benefit of the doubt.
Does Seattle, a remarkably diverse city with a very tolerant culture and a vibrant LGBTQI community really need a superhero who calls people “faggots?” I put it to you that we do not. I will not out the comic store for this, but if required to give verifying details, I can and will.
Seattle does not need a homophobic would-be fascist patrolling our streets.
Now, they could apologize and promise to mend their ways. But this sort of behavior is not acceptable in anyone professing to be a superhero.
And yes, I have seen the Rex Velvet video. No, I am not endorsing the super villain. I'm just disgusted by Jones's behavior.
And just a reminder, I will be enforcing the draconian comment moderation policy.
If you like the blog or the podcast, or if you would like to subsidize my future career in super villainy, please, please, please donate to keep us going. Donations go to pay for the podcast hosting and website domain, primarily.
Remember we've got the GGR Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook page.
Weatherford picked up a cleaver-style knife from the floor near their bed and attacked them with it."
Now right there is a giant red flag on how this whole confrontation begins.
For one thing, why is there a giant knife laying on your bedroom floor? If
you're going to say that it's "for protection from my psychotic ex-girlfriend that has proven they will violate a restraining order," then again I ask WHY IS THERE A GIANT KNIFE LAYING ON YOUR BEDROOM FLOOR? At least keep it under your pillow or something.
Or on your pillow if you want to be daring and stylish.
The two began to struggle, but the ex-boyfriend was able to wrestle the knife away from her...which they promptly ran with outside and threw onto the roof of the apartment complex. They claimed that this was in response to their attempts at getting the knife back from him.
As strange a course of action as that may have seemed, this part of the story is actually believable if you take the ex-boyfriend's account at face value. According to him, Joanna had defecated on the window sill while breaking into their apartment. They then proceeded to leave behind a trail of crap that went from the living room into the bedroom where the conflict first began.
...which is can also be referred to as "crop bombing."
If a woman is crazy enough to commit attempted murder while also having a horrific bout of diarrhea, than their willingness to repeatedly try and grab a knife from the person they were just attempting to stab is completely plausible.
As you might imagine, all that craziness made enough of a commotion and noise that the ex-boyfriend's neighbors called the police. When the officers arrived, they discovered that Joanna was still inside their apartment. They claimed that their impromptu visit was simply to retrieve some belongings after being kicked out. Joanna did admit, however, to breaking in through the window (although they apparently plead the fifth on the trail of turd running through the residence).
Joanna also tried to claim that it was they that had been attacked and that their ex-boyfriend had tried to strangle them Unfortunately for Joanna, the lack of bruises on their neck and the plethora of cuts and bruises on their arms didn't do much to support them story.
Joanna Weatherford was arrested and charged with second degree assault.  They are currently being held on $7,500 bond in the Greene County Jail while awaiting a July 9 court date.
Hopefully the Greene County Jail staff
is pretty liberal with bathroom privileges.
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter
To get updates on when new articles or podcasts are published (and occasional random musings) 'Like' the official RamblingBeachCat.com Facebook page . Every time someone does, another psychotic ex-girlfriend decides to completely empty their bowels before breaking into their ex-boyfriend's apartment.
When profiling a weird crime on RamblingBeachCat.com, we like to try and make sure that there are multiple sources that can be cited about the incident. This not only helps to strengthen verification, but also tends to give multiple perspectives that can help paint a more complete picture of what occurred.The following story, however, has only one source (besides the official police booking record ), but breezes over some peculiar circumstances that deserve to be given a closer examination.The Springfield News-Leader reported that in the early hours of July 2, 2013, a man woke up to find 51-year-old Joanna Weatherford standing over them while they laid in their bed. This was not a good situation for them for a number of reasons.For starters, Joanna has a bit of a history...or as their Google Plus profile says , she's "the woman your mother warned you about." Them recent shenanigans include-An arrest in 2011 for third degree domestic assault-An arrest in January of this year for violation of a restraining orderThis was especially bad news for the man Joanna was standing over since they were their ex-girlfriend and they had also recently gotten their own restraining order against her.According to the incident report, the man claimed that "
A federal appeals court has ruled that an illegal immigrant and convicted felon can't be deported back to Mexico because they identify as a transgender woman, which leaves them vulnerable to torture back in their home country.
Edin Carey Avendano-Hernandez was born male in Mexico, and claims to have been raped by their brothers and suffered other torments. In 2000, they illegally entered the U.S. and took up residence in Fresno, California. Avendano-Hernandez also started taking female hormones and began living openly as a woman in 2005. In 2006, they committed two separate drunk driving offenses, the second of which injured two people and resulted in a felony conviction. After serving a year in jail, they were deported back to Mexico in 2007.
Back in Mexico, Avendano-Hernandez claims to have been subjected to more harassment from family and neighbors and to have been raped by members of the Mexican army. They illegally entered the U.S. again and, after being arrested, petitioned for sanctuary in the U.S. under the U.N. Convention Against Torture (CAT), arguing that deporting them would violate the CAT because they would more likely than not experience torture at the hands of Mexican authorities.
An immigration judge and the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) both rejected Avendano-Hernandez's arguments on the grounds that they had committed a serious crime (felony drunk driving) and was not likely to face official torture.
Now, a three-judge panel on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals says Avendano-Hernandez must be allowed to stay in the U.S., because they “more likely than not” will be tortured if returned to Mexico.
Judge Jacqueline Nguyen, an Obama appointee, chastised immigration officials for improperly handling Avandano-Hernandez's gender identity.
“The [judge] failed to recognize the difference between gender identity and sexual orientation, refusing to allow the use of female pronouns because they considered Avendano-Hernandez to be ‘still male,' even though Avendano-Hernandez dresses as a woman, takes female hormones, and has identified as woman for over a decade,” Nguyen's decision says. “Although the BIA correctly used female pronouns for Avendano-Hernandez, it wrongly adopted the [judge's] analysis, which conflated transgender identity and sexual orientation. The BIA also erred in assuming that recent anti-discrimination laws in Mexico have made life safer for transgender individuals while ignoring significant record evidence of violence targeting them.”
Nguyen cites the repeated sexual abuse Avendano-Hernandez claims to have endured as evidence of de facto torture, and furthermore concludes that these actions were not crimes committed by individuals but were instead endorsed by the Mexican government.
“Avendano-Hernandez provided credible testimony that they were severely assaulted by Mexican officials on two separate occasions: first, by uniformed, on-duty police officers … and second, by uniformed, on-duty members of the military. Such police and military officers are “public officials” for the purposes of CAT,” Nguyen wrote. They added that this torture was likely to resume should Avendano-Hernandez ever return to Mexico.
The belief that Avendano-Hernandez was raped and tortured in Mexico appears to be based entirely on their own claims, which were deemed to be “credible” by their immigration judge.
Nguyen said it did not matter that in recent years Mexico has passed laws intended to protect its gay community, arguing that those laws don't extend far enough to protect the transgendered.
“[L]aws recognizing same-sex marriage may do little to protect a transgender woman like Avendano-Hernandez from discrimination, police harassment, and violent attacks in daily life,” they said. They added that Mexican police sometimes target the transgendered for extortion and sexual favors, and said the country has an alarming number of unsolved murders of the transgendered.
The decision technically doesn't spare Avendano-Hernandez from deportation, but it means their deportation will be delayed until they no longer faces a risk of being tortured.
While the decision only applies to Avendano-Hernandez, it could encourage more transgendered Mexicans to seek asylum in the U.S., as Nguyen's description of torture in Mexico is quite general.
Follow Blake on Twitter
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
BANGKOK (Reuters) - The U.S. government's decision to keep Thailand on its list of worst human-trafficking centers for an unprecedented two straight years highlights the suspected role of Thai officials in the trade despite government efforts to stop it.
Men claiming to be from Bangladesh react from inside a communal cell at Songkhla Immigration Detention Centre (IDC), where they are kept with some Myanmar Rohingya people also rescued from human traffickers near Thailand's border with Malaysia February 12, 2014. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
The State Department's annual report on human-trafficking, published on Monday, comes days after Thailand indicted 72 people, including fifteen state officials, over suspected links to human trafficking.
Their arrests came as a result of what Thai police called their biggest-ever investigation into human trafficking.
But the crackdown in May and June came too late to be considered for the U.S. report, which covers Thai government efforts to eliminate trafficking for the year through to March.
The U.S. decision is likely to anger authorities in Bangkok after the May-June Thai crackdown led human smugglers to abandon jungle camps and interrupted the flow of migrants from Bangladesh and Myanmar through Thailand.
The State Department said Thailand's failure to investigate and prosecute officials suspected of complicity in human trafficking was one of the reasons it was not upgraded.
“Some Thai officials are complicit in trafficking crimes and corruption continues to undermine anti-trafficking efforts,” the State Department said.
“In some instances, corrupt officials on both sides of land borders accept payment from smugglers involved in the movement of migrants between Thailand and some neighboring countries ... some of these migrants subsequently become trafficking victims.”
While the police stepped up efforts to crack down on trafficking in May and June, the government investigated fewer human trafficking cases last year than in 2013, according to the State Department and a Thai government report.
Thailand also prosecuted fewer people and convicted fewer perpetrators of the crime in 2014.
The United States automatically downgraded Thailand, one of the oldest U.S. treaty allies in Asia, to the lowest “Tier 3” status in its 2014 Trafficking in Persons report after Thailand stayed on the report's so-called Tier 2 Watch List, the second-lowest rank, for four consecutive years.
“EVIDENCE MUST BE VERY, VERY SOLID”
The most senior official to face human trafficking charges is Manus Kongpan, a three-star Thai army general who surrendered to police on June 2. They deny all charges, which include human trafficking, holding people for ransom and hiding corpses.
Manus previously headed an operation to intercept migrants in the Andaman Sea for the Internal Security Operations Command, Thailand's powerful, military-run equivalent to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
Police General Aek Angsanont, deputy national police chief and the person in charge of the recent crackdown on the human trafficking syndicates in Thailand, said on Sunday that going after officials would be tough.
“If there are more officials involved in human trafficking then we will certainly go after them, there is no question about that, but our evidence must be very, very solid,” Aek told Reuters.
The decision to keep Thailand on Tier 3 makes it the first time Thailand has languished on the lowest tier for two consecutive years since the report began in 2001.
A Reuters investigation this month raised questions about the long-term effectiveness of Thailand's crackdown on the syndicates.
Police spearheading the campaign told Reuters how they encountered official indifference about the evidence they had gathered on trafficking networks - even after the State Department downgraded Thailand in 2014 and the military government vowed to “prevent and suppress human trafficking”.
And while 72 people have been arrested in the recent crackdown, experts warn the region's trafficking infrastructure is largely intact and influential figures remain at large.
Rights groups have questioned whether Thai authorities had done much more than scratch the surface with the investigation.
Sunai Phasuk, Thailand researcher at Human Rights Watch, said they were concerned the recent investigations may lose steam.
“For Thailand to prove it is genuinely sincere, it should continue pursuing a course of action that no stone will be left unturned,” Sunai told Reuters.
“Thailand should continue being consistent in its crackdown against trafficking.”
A second post-release patch for Madden NFL 13 is set to arrive on October 16 and it is a truly significant one. The first patch for the game delivered a few improvements while another server-side update added Fantasy Drafts.
This upcoming patch is bringing with it some tremendous improvements and additions. Along with lacking Fantasy Drafts the initial backlash towards Connected Careers mode had primarily to do with the inability to edit players and that functionality is being added in the patch. Also included are custom rosters for use at the start of a Connected Career, Coach Mode, and offline Connected Career co-op. EA Sports has pretty much now nailed returning everything that vocal detractors were upset over previously.
In addition adjustments to areas such as practice XP and frequency of dropped passes on All-Madden difficulty have been made. Individual player celebrations should begin triggering, Accelerated Clock will work in online Connected Career head-to-head games, and there is even much more to look forward to.
Continue on for the extensive list of new features, improvements, and fixes coming to Madden NFL 13 in the next patch and leave your thoughts in the comments!
Feature Additions
•Custom Rosters Offline: Added the ability to start an offline career with a custom roster.
•Connected Careers Edit Player: Added the ability to edit gear and information for players in a league.
•Coach Mode in Connected Careers: Added the ability to use coach mode in Connected Careers.
•Changing Schemes in Connected Careers: Added the ability to change offensive and defensive schemes as a coach.
•Offline Play Along in Connected Careers: Added the ability for multiple people to join a CCM game. This applies to coaches only.
•Draft Clock: Added a draft clock during the draft that is displayed on screen if you leave the draft interface to view rosters, depth charts, etc.
•Draft Filter: Added a filter to the draft screen to display players that have been drafted.
•Connected Careers Practice XP: Added the ability for user controlled players to earn extra XP in practice mode through the stats they accumulate.
Gameplay Tuning
•Fixed an issue where WRs were dropping too many passes when playing on All Madden difficulty setting.
•Fixed an issue where it was too easy to time the kick meter on FGs and PATs in user vs. user games.
•Fixed an issue where punt returners were moving away from the landing spot if you called a fair catch while letting the CPU control the player.
•Fixed an issue where someone who attempted to bull rush with the R stick once the ball was snapped activated run commit.
Commentary
•Added over a dozen logic fixes to make our commentary more intelligent.
Presentation
•Fixed an issue where specific offensive player celebrations were not triggering.
•Fixed an issue where the referee was backwards when calling a penalty.
•Fixed an issue with the Giants away uniforms (missing a sleeve stripe).
Connected Careers
•Fixed an issue where Offline Gameplay AI/Logic did not match the logic in Play Now.
•Fixed an issue where playing the game on All-Madden is too easy.
•Fixed an issue where changing the camera setting in CCM game works for single player.
•Fixed an issue where League Sliders had limited impact on difficulty.
•Fixed an issue where the Accelerated Clock did not function in an online CCM game when the option was set to On.
•Fixed an issue where you could not turn on/off GameFlow in CCM.
•Fixed an issue where you were unable to sign Free Agents during the season.
•Fixed an issue where ‘Starting a League' would reset Player Schemes.
•Fixed an issue where after declining a trade offer, you are no longer able to accept or decline another offer.
•Fixed an issue where you could exploit supersim to run the game clock indefinitely.
•Fixed some spelling and polish issues in the News and Twitter.
•Fixed an issue where a coach could make a contract offer to a user controlled player.
•Fixed an issue where you are forced to select a throwing style for a created player that is not a QB.
•Fixed an issue where turning Auto-Start to off does not save week to week.
•Fixed an issue where you can see rookie overall ratings by accessing the player card of the prospect through Team Needs.
•Fixed an issue where changing Auto-Sub Frequency does not change the correct data.
•Fixed an issue where the profanity filter was preventing offline players from typing in their names.
•Fixed an issue where you can draft a player and then trade down while the draft is paused. The issue resulted in the user keeping both the traded picks and drafted player.
Stability
•Fixed numerous crashes.
•Fixed an issue with the in-game pause menu disappearing.
Madden Ultimate Team
•Changed the Packs button to Store Button.
•Condensed Leaderboards and Help menus.
•Implemented the ability to view videos from the hub.
•Implemented Store Panel Changes.
•Moved Auctions/Trades to a separate menu option.
•Fixed several Solo Challenge exploits
Playbooks
•Fixed an issue where the Hail Mary formation in a custom playbook had a blank play that resulted in a broken formation and invisible players if selected.
On today's show, my co-host is Matthew Aaron. Matthew is the host of the Crypto 101 Podcast. Join us as we're about podcasting, crypto and whatever pops in our mind. You can follow Matthew on Twitter @Ma
Welcome to the SVK Crypto podcast, When EOS Rules The World. This show is brought to you by your host Charles Storry and your Co-host Oliver Mehr, our in-house blockchain analyst. This podcast will di
324: WHEN EOS RULES THE WORLD FEATURING KEVIN ROSE FROM EOS NEW YORK- EPISODE 3
Join Dale and Killer as they recap the past week of crypto current events and discuss the recent bullish action.Topics adds XRPBuffett talks BitcoinShorts at 11 month lowExchange wash
Glen Weyl, a political economist and social technologist, the coauthor of Radical Markets and a principal researcher at Microsoft, and Santiago Siri, the founder of Democracy Earth, discuss how blockc
How Blockchains Can Help Create Little Democracies Everywhere - Ep.108
Join Jonathan Dunsmoor, Founder, and Principal of Dunsmoor Law, and Aviva Ounap, Host of Crypto and Blockchain Talk, as they talk about Exchange Traded Funds or ETFs and what exactly they are, why the
Today's episode we discuss Tapatalk introducing their user base to the EOS blockchain marking another example of mainstream adoption of blockchain to the SVK Crypto, 15 Minutes of C
We reveal the winner of Santa's Big Bag!Stay tuned for more information on how to win our next giveaway -- Q's birthday sack!
Tonight we discuss the the 2nd annual JUST HODL IT Bitcoin event at SXSW by DBlitz.Last year Business Insider dubbed it as THE SXSW Bitcoin Party and this year is going to be even bigger!We have o
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Bitcoin Talk Show #LIVE (Feb 25, 2019) - The Price of Bitcoin continues to go Up and Down
Tone worked on Wall Street for almost 10 years starting as a Risk Analyst at Bear Stearns and later becoming a VP at JP Morgan Chase, in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Their expertise is in
Trading Bitcoin - Just a Quick Look if Knife Catch Still an Option
Cathie Wood is the Founder & CEO of ARK Invest. In this conversation, Cathie and Anthony Pompliano discuss investing in innovative technologies, building asset management firms, how crypto is rela
Cathie Wood, Founder & CEO of ARK Invest: The Intersection of Genomes, AI, and Blockchain
In the final part of my series of interviews relating to Mt. Gox, I talk with Andy Page, creator and elected administrator of Mt. Gox Legal. We reflect on my conversations, the history of what happene
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
How to Sign Keys and What is the GPG Web of Trust?
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
The Most Useful Bitcoin Only Hardware!
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
How to Import GPG Keys in the GUI Gnu Privacy Assistant
Car sits down and talks with Rutger van Zuidam, Co Founder and CEO of an Open Innovation Program by DutchChain which connects innovative ideas with governmental, corporate, and non-pr
CasperLabs Is Building a PoS Blockchain With Help from Ethereum's Vlad Zamfir. Ethereum Foundation researcher Vlad Zamfir will serve as lead consensus protocol architect of the company, confirming ear
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
What was CryptoRaptor's first computer? (Proof of Work)
Tone worked on Wall Street for almost 10 years starting as a Risk Analyst at Bear Stearns and later becoming a VP at JP Morgan Chase, in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Their expertise is in
Trading Bitcoin - What a Dump! $4,200 to $3,700 in a Blink of an Eye
Everything EOS is the longest running EOS podcast. Zack Gall and Rob Finch go in-depth on EOS dapp news, EOS VC announcements, dapp funding announcements, EOSIO upgrades, EOS mainnet news, EOS side ch
On Todays Episode of Let's Talk Murphy, Andreas Antonopoulos, Jonathan Mohan, and Adam B. Levine sit down for the first of our two-part discussion on the nascent but rapidly improv
with Peter Ludwig, Qasar Younis (@qasar), and Sonal Chokshi (@smc90)When people talk about autonomous vehicles, we hear everything from we're much closer than you think to we're much further than y
This is episode 43 of Tim's Two Cents, the hypest podcast on your feed every week.This week, your favorite host is wound up. Tim is ready to tell you how they finally realized that everything is okay. H
** this is not financial or legal Heart is creating Bitcoin HEX and is of the opinion that Bitcoin has failed as a currency. They argue that it is a great store value, however. Listen
Tone worked on Wall Street for almost 10 years starting as a Risk Analyst at Bear Stearns and later becoming a VP at JP Morgan Chase, in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Their expertise is in
Trading Bitcoin - Another Short Look at Charts, From India
Kik, the Canadian based social media platform, has warned the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that they would fight back against a proposed enforcement action against the company. But wh
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Grab a beer, whiskey or wine and join me for another edition of Crypto Happy Hour to talk about the latest happenings in the crypto world. Actually forget that, it's 8am for me, I'm drinking water and
In the fifth part of my series of interviews relating to Mt. Gox, I talk with Brock Pierce, the architect of Gox Rising, a mission to support creditors, maximise revenues and relaunch the exchange.
Today's episode we are interviewed by Donavan Whyte the commercial director for out Mad4Digital: to the SVK Crypto, 15 Minutes of Crypto Fame, brought to you b
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
How to Encrypt, Decrypt, Sign & Verify with Your GPG + Yubikey
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
An interview with Trace Mayer about Wyoming and the future of Bitcoin Regulation
Alex Gladstein is the Chief Strategy Officer of the Human Rights Foundation and a guest lecturer at Singularity University. In this conversation, Gladstein and Anthony Pompliano discuss Bitcoin, forei
I catch up with Josh Olszewicz aka CarpeNoctom on their last few months of trading, what he's looking at now, and some of the top news in the market today.
Tone worked on Wall Street for almost 10 years starting as a Risk Analyst at Bear Stearns and later becoming a VP at JP Morgan Chase, in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Their expertise is in
Trading Bitcoin - Quick Look at $BTCUSD - Last Day in Ko Samui
Listen to WCN Audio Us LIVE!SKYPE the Mayer Multiple on WCN: ou
Simon's in the studio joined by 11:FS Head of Delivery Adam Davis and David Nicol, Digital Assets at R3. First up, JPM Coin (01:12).You may have noticed that we're focusing pretty hard on this story b
'Women in Blockchain' will be presented by our co-host Jess Houlgrave featuring the brightest women in blockchain on the show each and every week! Today's episode features Maria McKavanagh the CEO of
While at the Anarchapulco Conference we had a live show with G. Edward Griffin and Lyn Ulbricht at our studio set. Roger Stone called in to share the latest about their case. This turned out to be the l
Yesterday, Bill Ottman was on Joe Rogan's podcast, Episode 55 of Coloring Crypto brings a different set of questions to the same guest. Facebook is Dead? Wishful thinking as of early 2019 no doubt. Bu
Car discusses the recent news from Samsung announcing the Galaxy S10, which will include a dedicated secure storage function designed for cryptocurrency private keys. This new function targeted toward
In the fourth part of my series of interviews relating to Mt. Gox, I talk with Kim Nilsson, the author of the report Cracking Mt. Gox, investigation into the timeline of hacks and use of Willybot by t
Today's episode we discuss what Merkle trees are and how they are implemented in to the SVK Crypto, 15 Minutes of Crypto Fame, brought to you by your host, Charles Storry. We provi
Fake Volume is a problem in cryptocurrency and today we just saw it exposed, again. Let's talk about an article from The Block discussing how KuCoin's leaked offers draw accusation
Smite is a third-person, "multiplayer online battle arena" game; it involves teams of characters fighting across a single map, each shown from a behind-the-shoulder perspective. Since launching on PC in 2014, Smite has made a name for itself on the eSports scene -- this year, developer Hi-Rez Studios will offer a prize pool of more than $2 million across its European and North American Pro League Season 3 tournaments. And that's just for the PC game; the Console League prize pool for Xbox One has an additional $350,000 on the line.
Smite is not playable across platforms -- PC players can't battle it out with Xbox One players -- and that's not going to change with the PS4 version. "While technically possible, it's not in our current plans," Hi-Rez says in its PS4 FAQ.
The game is free and PS4 players won't need a PlayStation Plus account to dive in once it fully launches. The exact release date isn't confirmed, but if you want to play Smite on PS4 next month, you can throw down $30 for the Founder's Pack. It goes on sale alongside the closed beta in March, and it includes a key for instant beta access, two skins, 400 Gems, and unlocks all present and future characters. The pack will be discontinued soon after the game's full release.
even though i really wish i could
BUT NO PROMISES EITHER, IM SORRY
and yes I ship them. they are my otp of crossovers lol
Referenced the poses from two screenshots ( Buck Judy ).OMG Where do I begin with this? So, in the Zootopia world, Judy is kidnapped by evil scientists. She's sent back in time to the Ice Age world and falls through some ice into Buck's world, where she's saved by Buck and they end up staying with them for a while, for reasons I can't yet reveal. This pic is basically Buck showing them a lovely view of their world, the first positive experience they have with the dangerous dino paradise. Yeah. I have a long story for this planned. Just gotta get around to writing it....
Thousands of Ohioans descended upon Columbus Tuesday, to protest the union-busting Senate Bill 5.
The bill — similar to pending Wisconsin legislation that sparked pandemonium in Madison — aims to eliminate negotiating rights for teachers, firefighters, police, corrections officers and other state workers. The measure would also do away with binding arbitration, prevent strikes by public employees and require employees to pay 20 percent of the cost of their health care. Gov. John Kasich is expected to sign S.B. 5 if it is approved by the legislature.
Not only would S.B. 5 crush labor, as an added bonus, it would also eliminate domestic partner benefits extended to LGBT public workers, including school and university employees.
Sec. 3101.01 of S.B. 5 defines marriage as:
Male persons of the age of 18 years and female persons of the age of 16 years, not nearer of kin than second cousins and not having a husband or wife living, may be joined in marriage. A marriage may only be entered into by one man and one woman. Any marriage between persons of the same sex is against the strong public policy of this state. Any marriage between persons of the same sex shall have no legal force or effect in this state and, if attempted to be entered into in this state, is void ab initio and shall not be recognized by this state.
This definition of marriage sets the stage for S.B. 5 to nullify all state employee benefits extended to non-married couples:
The recognition or extension by the state of the specific statutory benefits of a legal marriage to non-marital relationships between persons of the same sex or different sexes is against the strong public policy of this state. Any public act, record or judicial proceeding of this state, as defined in section 9.82 of the Revised Code, that extends the specific statutory benefits of legal marriage to non-marital relationships between persons of the same sex or different sexes is void.
Protests started last week as 4,000 union employees packed preliminary hearings of the bill. Students and faculty gathered Monday at the University of Cincinnati, which won domestic partner benefits through collective bargaining, to show their outrage.
S.B. 5 is not a money-saving initiative; ousting unions and rescinding domestic partner benefits will not close the budget gap — it will only hurt Ohioans.
UPDATE: Columbus exploded yesterday when the Ohio Statehouse was closed to protesters. News sources estimate 5,000 to 20,000 people showed up to protest hearings on H.B. 5, but only 1,000 were allowed in the building. Rally organizers passed around fliers, urging the crowd to call Gov. Kasich and Senate President Tom Niehaus.
Kasich appeared on CNN Monday, to explain their position on the bill; they basically say everything they do is to better Ohio. Watch the interview below:
GOP lawmarkers have indicated S.B. 5 will likely be changed to allow workers to bargain for wages, but it would also prohibit all government employees from striking.
0.000000 0.000000
Borussia Dortmund roared past Borussia Mönchengladbach 6-1 on Saturday to cement their place atop the Bundesliga standings. Mario Götze laid on the second of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's three goals in a game which also saw Maximiian Philipp bag a brace. The perfect preparation then, for a clash with 12-time defending European champions Real Madrid on Tuesday...
bundesliga.com caught up with the resurgent Götze to get their thoughts on Dortmund's form, what Philipp has brought to the team, and the club's UEFA Champions League ambitions...
Question: Mario Götze, it looked as if Borussia Mönchengladbach had adjusted to the pace of the game but then they were completely dismissed. How did it feel out there?
Mario Götze: We generally played a very good game. If you look at the first half, then we can be very satisfied, apart from some chances for Gladbach. We had a lot of possession, our distribution was good and we scored a lot of goals. This was, of course, decisive. Leading Gladbach 3-0 at the interval: it could have been worse! Overall it was a great team performance, even with Englische Woche and only two-day gaps between games - Real credit to the team.
Question: The coach Peter Bosz made five changes to the starting line-up, but BVB still looked completely smooth. How can you explain this?
Götze: We are all playing at a good level and trying to absorb Peter Bosz's philosophy. And it's working very well! Turning defence into attack, winning the ball back quickly, possession, pressing from the front, and we did all of this well against Gadbach. We did it very well!
Question: You could have been forgiven for taking your foot off the pedal after your clear half-time lead. Are you enjoying your football so much that it didn't even cross your mind?
Götze: On the one hand it is immensely fun, especially if you're 3-0 up at half-time. At that point you know you could score one or two more. At half-time the coach told us not to drop the pressure and we scored pretty quickly. We played well. We remained focused and that was key in this game.
Question: What about Maximilian Philipp? They now have two braces after also scoring twice against Cologne [in the 5-0 rout on Matchday 4]...
Götze:  They are absolutely top. He's always there in those key moments. They train how they play. What you see in training is what you see in the stadium. I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun with him. Maxi is a great addition for everyone here - for us as a team and also for the whole club. They more than repays the faith the club have put in him.
Watch: Maximilian Philipp's disappointment at finally conceding
Question: What is still to be improved? Also with regard to Gladbach's chances?
Götze: Gladbach could just have had a goal or two in the first half. We know we invited them to score with some mistakes we made. But this was really the only minor flaw from this game.
Question: BVB are still top of the table with an excellent goal difference [Die Schwarzgelben are two points clear of second-placed Hoffenheim having scored 19 and conceded just one]...
Götze: Of course that's nice for us, but it doesn't have any real meaning at this time. We just want to win our games, and we've done that. But there's still a long way to go. It's very nice right now, but we know it's still a long way to the finish line.
Question: Is this 6-1 win a boost ahead of the difficult task of Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday?
Götze: Definitely! I couldn't have imagined the evening we just had! We were very, very determined against a really strong team. Apart from the odd chance that we allowed it was really very good.
Question: How big is the pressure on the Real game after BVB lost their opening group game to Tottenham Hotspur 3-1?
Götze: We know it'll be a mammoth task against Real. But we're playing at home and have always played quite well against Madrid. We're going to prepare well because we know how important this game is. It's definitely an interesting clash, that's for sure.
Dietmar Nolte reporting from Dortmund
Click here for more Borussia Dortmund news and features!
news
This article contains language some may find offensive. All tweets attributed to Bellamy have been quoted as written.
The article has been updated to note Bellamy is now on administrative leave from Albemarle County Public Schools.
Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy published several tweets between 2009 and 2014 using gay slurs, comments against white people, lewd slang for female genitalia and other profanities. Many of the old tweets show a stark contrast between their more recent posts lauding women's and LGBTQ rights. Bellamy made their Twitter account private this Saturday.
The tweets surfaced on social media after local blogger Jason Kessler posted criticism of the tweets on Nov. 24. The post led some members of the community to call on Bellamy to leave office.
In an October 2011 tweet, Bellamy answered a question prompted by another user, “Does it make males uncomfortable wen girls are so upfront about sex??” with “It only makes faggots uncomfortable …”
The anti-gay slur also appears in tweets about the number of times someone has sex and having a clean house.
These tweets contrast with Bellamy's tweet pushing for unity immediately following the mass shooting at Orlando gay nightclub Pulse in June, which left 49 dead.
“I don't care if you're gay, straight, trams, black, white, blue, or purple … YOU DESERVE EQUAL RIGHTS AND YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE SAFE!” Bellamy tweeted on June 13.
In November 2015 Bellamy was elected to the City Council, which selected them as the city's vice mayor at the start of their term in January.
Bellamy unsuccessfully ran for City Council in 2013, and works as a computer science teacher at Albemarle High School. Governor Terry McAuliffe appointed Bellamy to the State Board of Education in March.
In October 2011, Bellamy tweeted about the prevalence of female teachers in schools and how it may negatively affect male students.
“I'm all for equal opportunity..but a Female Principal with a school full of female teachers is fkn a sure fire way to fk up our lil boys smh,” they tweeted.
Tweets that expressed criticism of white people led Kessler to label Bellamy as an “anti-white racist.”
“I DONT LIK WHIT PEOPLE SO I HATE WHITE SNOW!!!!! FML!!!!” they tweeted in Dec. 2009.
Other tweets compared white women to the devil and criticized the appearance of white women in sundresses.
Virginia Flaggers, a group which has opposed removing statues of Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson from Lee Park and Jackson Park, respectively, urged people to contact City Council and “demand they be removed from office” in a Facebook post Saturday.
Bellamy responded to their critics in a Facebook post Sunday evening.
“I am not a black supremacist, a racist, a misogynist nor am I any of the other things [Kessler] purports me to be,” Bellamy said. “What I am is a son, a husband, a father, a teacher and a proud member of this community who works every day to improve the city we live in.”
Another one of Bellamy's tweets from October 2011 commented, “word…” on a tweet describing sexual assault.
“Word...RT: TAXSTONE: Eat it while they asleep if they moan it aint rape,” the retweet read.
Several tweets also linked white women to rape accusations, and one retweet said white women “smell like future assault charges n deli meat.”
Other tweets from 2009 explicitly described sex acts using vulgar terms to describe women's genitals.
More recent tweets, however, show support for women's empowerment, including links to Instagram photos supporting the Sexual Assault Resource Agency and a mentoring program for young African-American women.
Following the publication of the now-debunked Rolling Stone article, “A Rape On Campus,” in November 2014, Bellamy called for people to stand up against rape culture.
Bellamy has also called for racial unity in recent tweets.
Bellamy explained they have learned since posting the tweets.
“I sincerely apologize for the inappropriate things I posted to social media many years ago,” Bellamy said in their Facebook post. “Elected officials should be held to a higher standard, and while I was not in office at the time, in this instance I came up short of the man I aspire to be.”
They attributed the tweets to an immature phase of their life.
“At the time of the tweets that I saw posted on the website, I was a young man in my early 20s living outside the Deep South for the first time,” Bellamy said. “In the course of trying to mature and find my way I came to some false conclusions about the world around me and made them known.”
Bellamy is from Atlanta, Georgia. Prior to moving to Charlottesville in 2009, they attended South Carolina State University.
They noted that since the tweets were published, they have furthered their education, become a father and gotten married.
Bellamy also serves as vice president of the 100 Black Men of Central Virginia and is president of the Young Black Professional Network of Charlottesville and the Charlottesville/Albemarle Alliance of Black School Educators, according to their biography on the City Council website.
Bellamy was unavailable for an interview Sunday evening.
In a statement released Tuesday, Albemarle County School Board Chair Kate Acuff said the language in the postings “directly contradicts the values of our school division.”
“The School Board rejects these statements in their entirety,” they said.
The school divisions are investigating the tweets and Bellamy is now on administrative leave.
“We are working to completely gather all of the facts in this matter,” the statement said. “As is standard procedure while an investigation is underway, and in the best interests of all who are involved, we agree with Mr. Bellamy's decision to take administrative leave until such time as our investigation has been completed.”
The Cavalier Daily reached out to City Council members and the governor's office Sunday evening and will update this article with any responses.
Quick Spin: 2015 Hyundai Genesis 3.8 AWD [Review]
Oct 13, 2015, 11:45am ET
by Byron Hurd
We take a second look at Hyundai\'s luxury sedan.
Hyundai's initial move into the luxury segment was generally well-received, but it would be difficult to argue that it was flawless. The Genesis wasn't quite the world-challenging luxury car that the Lexus LS was in 1989, but it performed admirably as a value-oriented alternative, bridging the gap somewhat between the upper tier of premium full-size cars (see: Chrysler 300) and the lower end of the luxury market.
But as the novelty of Hyundai's upmarket push has worn off a bit over the last several years, the pressure to deliver a quality product has actually increased. After all, once the bloom has fallen, all that is left to judge is the fruit. Was our second bite of the Genesis as sweet as the first? Read on to find out. What is it?As in its first iteration, the Genesis sticks to the conventional luxury car formula. In its most basic form, it's a rear-wheel drive sedan offering gasoline V6 and V8 engines. If all-wheel-drive is your thing, that's available with the V6, and our tester was so-equipped.
The 3.8L six is one of Hyundai's best engines. It pushes 311 horsepower and 293 lb-ft of torque--numbers that would have rivaled plenty of luxury V8s not too long ago. It's no match for the five-liter V8 that is also available, but it's more than enough to move Hyundai's luxury sedan down the road in a hurry if that's your aim.
What's it up against?The overhauled Genesis is aimed squarely at the midsize luxury segment, putting it alongside the BMW 5-Series, Mercedes-Benz E-Class, Audi A6, Jaguar XF, Lexus GS, Infiniti Q70 and Cadillac CTS. On the more value-oriented end of the spectrum, it competes with the Chrysler 300, Acura RLX and Lincoln MKS.
What does it look like?The common critique leveled against the Genesis' design is that it is derivative. The grille is often described as Audi- or Bentley-esque. The profile has the whiff of Mercedes-Benz and Infiniti. The rear? Benz again--especially in the lamps and the integrated decklid spoiler.
But while Hyundai may still be searching for its own signature look, we have to say that the new Genesis is an attractive, even handsome vehicle. Even if the individual styling elements may seem to be cribbed from other designs, the overall looks are cohesive and certainly inoffensive.
What we may most appreciate about the exterior styling is how subdued it is--even compared to the car it replaces--without being dour. The brightwork consists of brushed elements rather than chrome, making them eye-catching but not retina-burning. The multi-spoke wheels are intricately but not overly styled. The "Empire State" gray finish on our tester sparkles with metallic fleck up close, but doesn't glare conspicuously in the sunlight.
Beyond that, what really stands out about the new Genesis is that its exterior elements all carry the appropriate amount of "heft," appearing sculpted or wrought rather than tacked-on or flimsy. It's a key component of premium craftsmanship that was lacking in the previous generation.
And on the inside?On the subject of things that were lacking in the first-generation Genesis, it's very clear that Hyundai listened to its critics when designing the new car's interior. The materials are leaps and bounds better, the tech far more current (and more intuitive) and the look more fitting for a luxury cruiser.
While some may be quick to point out that the dash layout is reminiscent of the Sonata's (and others in the Hyundai showroom), you should know that while the family resemblance may be there, the Genesis is by far the more mature sibling. Panel fit is excellent, lines meet where they should and everything falls within a neat, simple outline (lop the pointy bit off the bottom of the Tesla logo and that's essentially Hyundai's dash).
Even better, the new Genesis does the little things better than before. The seats are tighter, more sculpted and much prettier to look at. Gone are the flat-bottomed, nearly untextured buckets that would promptly eject any driver testing the grip limits of the old five-liter R-Spec's summer tires. Our tester, equipped with the Tech Package, even included adjustable bolsters along with a thigh extender in its heated and ventilated front buckets.
That same Tech Package also gets you some of Hyundai's new technological party-pieces, including a vastly improved adaptive cruise control system with stop/start capability, which will maintain incredibly tight following distances and keep pace beautifully, from zero MPH to whatever the Interstate speed limit happens to be where you're cruising.
But does it go?Yes, and finally. Hyundai made some noise about handing suspension tuning over to some guest engineers for Lotus, and that's neat, but what really matters is the end result: a luxury sedan that delivers better-than-passable ride and handling in a segment where both are valuable commodities.
The Genesis is not light. Like its contemporaries, it's a 4,200-4,500lb machine depending on how you build it. Our all-wheel-drive 3.8L sits just shy of 4,300lbs (not including driver), which isn't surprising given its hefty road presence. This isn't an exotic materials showcase (Hyundai produces its own steel, after all) so it's not light, but it's not ponderous either.
Get the Genesis out onto a twisty back road, tick the gear selector over into manual mode and let your fingers dance over the (standard) paddle shifters, and you'll forget all about the ungainly behavior of the debut model.
The steering alone is vastly improved, offering more heft and better feedback. The V6 is flexible and potent, and the eight-speed transmission shifts crisply. The suspension is an excellent compromise of day-to-day compliance and sporty. To anthropomorphise the machine a bit, the old Genesis was tolerant of spirited driving while the new's response borders on enthusiasm. What could make it better? Rear-wheel drive and that five-liter would do us just fine. Put another way: if you've been browsing classifieds for a gently-used 5.0 R-Spec, don't drive this car. You're better off not knowing what you'd miss.
Leftlane's bottom lineHyundai may not yet have the prestige chops to compete with the best in the luxury segment on the heritage front, but that doesn't mean it's incapable of punching above its weight. Value is no longer the name of the game for Hyundai's upmarket offerings. If the badge isn't something you consider a feature, give the Genesis sedan a long look. You may be surprised by what you see.
2015 Hyundai Genesis 3.8 AWD base price, $40,500. As tested, $52,450.Signature Package, $4,000; Tech Package, $3,500; Ultimate Package, $3,500; Destination, $950.
Thanks to your support we've just hit our Sainte-Mère-Église stretch goal! We're thrilled to strike both armored recovery vehicles and the new urban-warfare map off the list of accomplished stretch goals as we head into the final three days of the Kickstarter.
The infamous church at Sainte-Mère-Église
The Road Ahead
Don't think we're turning off the communication once the campaign is over. We're going to offer continuous updates across our social media channels and frequent Q&A sessions as we move toward our Closed Alpha in Q1 of 2018. Make sure you stop by our Discord to chat to the rest of the community. We're looking forward to continuing the conversation.
In Case You Missed it!
Hürtgen Forest is proving to be a lot of fun to work on! Fight through dense pine forest, across burning wastelands, plunge into the mist of the river valley and struggle back up through the Siegfried Line - Hürtgen will be a totally different dynamic to the open fields of Normandy. We're going to put each force through its paces as you attempt to master the challenges of the gruelling terrain.
The smouldering darkness of the river valley.
Fight up past dug-in positions.
Logging camps and open hilltops will allow you to command the surrounding sectors.
(Cross-posted on the Official Google Blog)
In November 2008 we launched Google Flu Trends after finding a close relationship between how many people search for flu-related topics and how many people actually have flu symptoms. Google Flu Trends may be able to detect influenza outbreaks earlier than other systems because it estimates flu activity in near real time.
In response to recent inquiries from public health officials, we've been attempting to use Google search activity in Mexico to help track human swine flu levels. Experimental Flu Trends for Mexico is, as you might have guessed, very experimental. But the system has detected increases in flu-related searches in Mexico City (Distrito Federal) and a few other Mexican states in recent days, beginning early in the week of April 19-25.
In the United States, we were able to validate our estimates using data from a surveillance system managed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). We have not verified our data for Mexico in the same manner, but we've seen that Google users in Mexico (and around the world) also search for many flu-related topics when they have flu-like symptoms. Given the tremendous recent attention to swine flu, our model tries to filter out search queries that are more likely associated with topical searches rather than searches by those who may be experiencing symptoms.
While we would prefer to validate this data and improve its accuracy, we decided to release an early version today so that it might help public health officials and concerned individuals get an up-to-date picture of the ongoing swine flu outbreak. As with our existing Flu Trends system, estimates are provided across many of Mexico's states and updated every day. Our current estimates of flu activity in the U.S. are still generally low as would be expected given the relatively low confirmed swine flu case count. However, we'll be keeping an eye on the data to look for any spike in activity.
We're keenly aware of the trust our users place in us and our responsibility to protect their privacy. Experimental Flu Trends for Mexico -- like Google Flu Trends -- cannot be used to identify individual users. The patterns we observe are only meaningful across large populations of Google searchers. We hope that this experimental release provides useful information.
For updates on swine flu and information on how to stay healthy during a disease outbreak, visit the CDC's swine flu site.
| |
Pacific Scoop:
Report – By Pacific Media Watch
New Zealand's ruling party will not allow Pacific Islanders affected by climate change to seek refuge if it wins next month's election.
Speaking at “The Great Climate Voter Debate” held in Auckland last night, New Zealand Trade Minister Tim Groser of the National Party, said the government had helped Pacific Island states with renewable energy and climate change adaptation projects.
“I am nowhere near convinced that we should start to divert what level of capacity we have to help refugees,” added Groser, who is also the Climate Change Minister.
They were roundly criticised by John Minto of the Mana Party, who said their party supported a change to the United Nations definition of “refugee” so that those affected by climate change would be able to seek refuge in other countries.
“We are a Pacific country and we do have responsibility to places like Kiribati,” Minto said.
The National-led government was “not doing anything to stop New Zealand's emissions” and was also not doing anything to support the Pacific Islanders who were most affected by New Zealand's greenhouse gas emissions, said Minto, describing National's policy on climate change as a “double negative”.
Russel Norman, Green Party co-leader, said their party also wanted the UN definition to change so that those forced to move because of climate change could claim refugee status.
Rising sea levels
The Green Party would ensure that New Zealand accepted “climate change refugees” because the relocation of people in islands under threat from rising sea levels needed to start immediately.
The New Zealand First candidate said their party was aware of the plight of Pacific Islanders in Kiribati and Tuvalu, where the ocean was rising fast and would welcome the opportunity to discuss further the relocation of those affected.
Māori Party representative Nancy Tuaine said their party was “first and foremost committed to helping you [Pacific Islanders] stay on your land but if you need to come here we should be supporting you first and foremost as our Pacific neighbours”.
At the debate, both National and the Labour Party said they did not agree with a carbon tax, which was supported by the Green party and the Mana.
Radio New Zealand reported that Groser “came in for the strongest criticism from the near 300-strong crowd” at the debate, which attracted a studio audience of more than 300 people, another 500 at live screening venues nationwide and 13,000 online viewers.
The Climate Voter initiative is a non-partisan alliance of six leading New Zealand organisations: Forest and Bird, 350 Aotearoa, Greenpeace, Generation Zero, Oxfam New Zealand and WWF New Zealand. The alliance aims to have 70,000 New Zealanders sign up as “Climate Voters” before election day on September 20.
So far, more than 57,000 people have signed up to pressure politicians to commit to concrete action on climate change.
Only one family of “climate change refugees” have won the right to stay in New Zealand – but their case won't set a precedent because their climate change asylum application was rejected, but they won an appeal on humanitarian grounds based on family ties to New Zealand.
Source: Pacific Media Watch 8941
After not being able to find a team for 2014, Wouter Mol announced their retirement according to Sporza. The 31-year-old was with the Vacansoleil-DCM team, which is not continuing into next season.
"I am not stopping cycling, but will not be a professional anymore. I'll do amateur races for fun," said Mol to the Dutch broadcaster RTV Noord-Holland.
Although Mol had indicated that they had had contact with several professional continental teams, none offered them a spot.
Their biggest career accomplishment was the Tour of Qatar in 2010, when they took over the overall lead in stage 2 and held onto the yellow leader's jersey through the end of the race.
Mol raced for Vacansoleil from 2009 to 2013. Previously, they also raced for P3Transfer-Batavus, Fondas-P3Transfer Team, Team Skil-Moser and Team Moser-AH.nl.
Available for Pre-order: The Art of Hearthstone Book
by JR Cook - 2 years ago
Blizzard has a history of putting out some great art books for their franchises, some of which come in the various collector editions of their games. However, with a game so centered around art work like the digital card game of Hearthstone, we had yet to see anything coming from this franchise.
Until now.
Available for pre-order on Amazon you will find the “The Art of Hearthstone” hardcover book authored by Robert Brooks and being published by Blizzard Entertainment. The book will be released on October 15, 2017 and currently retails for $45. With Amazon you do have the pre-order price guarantee so if it does go down in price by October 15th, that will be the price you end up paying.
The book will feature 288 pages and weighs in at 1.7 pounds. The book will be 11 x 1 x 10 inches. If you've handled any other previous Blizzard related art books, this seems to be roughly the same dimensions, weight, and number of pages we have seen. They make great coffee table books and it's sure to be a great way to view your favorite card art in a bigger format that isn't restricted by the little oval shaped images on the cards.
You can pre-order your copy here and check below for the full details of the book
Toyota's new solar array on the roof of its North America Parts Center California (NAPCC) manufacturing plant is the biggest single-roof solar installation in North-America. At 242, 000 square feet, it will be hard to beat, in good part because not that many companies have that much roof.
Read on for more info on how much power it generates.How Much Power?
The array was built by SunPower using 10,417 solar modules. It should generate enough energy to meet 60% of the demand from the manufacturing plant. With a total capacity of 2.3 megawatts, the installation is capable of generating 3.7 million kilowatt hours of electricity annually. It is expected to avoid about 6.4 million pounds of CO2 emissions per year.
SunPower solar panels.
Toyota says:
NAPCC electricity costs per kilowatt-hour have increased 266 percent since 1992. Facility energy conservation efforts have reduced electricity usage by 28.5 percent during the past five years, but annual electricity use still remains over 5,788,000 kilowatt-hours. The system was designed and built by SunPower, using its high-efficiency panels that deliver 50 percent more power per unit than conventional panels. A lightweight state-of-the-art SunPower mounting system further maximizes power delivery.
Via SunPower, Toyota
Solar Power
How to Make Inexpensive DIY Home-Built Solar Panels with Damaged Solar Cells from Ebay
Romantic & Green: Illinois Couple Buys Solar Power System Using Wedding Registry
Nanosolar Raises $300 Million, Plans to Further Accelerate Production
Pizza Oven + Inkjet Printer + Nail Polish = Solar Cell?!
15 Photovoltaics Solar Power Innovations You Must See
Of the dozens of technologies banned by F1's governing body through the years, McLaren's rear brake pedal stands out as one of the most unjust.
It was banned early in 1998 as McLaren made a stunningly dominant start to the year. Following a protest by Ferrari the system, that had previously been declared legal, was outlawed.
Many at the time suggested political motives were at work – and a desire to keep McLaren from getting too far ahead.
The 1997 Grand Prix of Luxembourg was held at the Nurburgring in Germany – a ruse to allow both Germany and Spain to have two Grands Prix – Spain also hosting the ‘European' round.
It began well for McLaren with their two Mercedes cars leading ahead of the top brass from the German manufacturer. But it fell apart in the cruellest possible fashion when both David Coulthard and Mika Hakkinen's cars ground to a halt on the start/finish line within a lap of each other.
Depressing as the spectacle was for Ron Dennis, they didn't know things were about to get much worse. The cars stopped near photographer Darren Heath, who had been waiting for just such an opportunity.
They snuck over to Hakkinen's car, thrust their camera deep into the footwell, and clicked the shutter repeatedly.
Foot operated clutches have been a thing of the past in Formula 1 for many years, so a drivers footwell typically only features an accelerator and brake. But Turner was expecting to see a third pedal when they had their roll of film developed – and that's exactly what they found.
F1 Racing splashed the photographs all over their November edition – McLaren's independent rear brake pedal had been rumbled mere weeks after it had first been pressed into service. The team had used it one week before the Nurburgring, at the A1-Ring, where sharp-eyed onlookers wondered why their cars' rear brakes were glowing on the exit of some corners.
The pedal allowed the drivers to operate either of the rear brakes independently of the others. This gave them two additional means of controlling the car and improving the performance – by reducing either understeer or wheelspin depending on which wheel was braked and when.
Go ad-free for just £1 per month >> Find out more and sign up
It was an ingenious system that in one respect didn't add any new functionality to the car, merely a new way of operating its existing braking systems. Nonetheless Ron Dennis was furious to see it exposed after such a short time in service.
McLaren continued with the system in 1998 by which time they had leapt from front-of-midfielders to runaway championship leaders. Now their immediate rivals – chiefly Ferrari – protested the rear brake pedal on the grounds that it was primarily a steering system.
Although the system had previously been passed fit to race by Charlie Whiting the flight attendants at the Brazilian Grand Prix – the second round of 1998 – ruled against the rear brake pedal.
It was unsavoury to see a perfectly valid system banned on such a dubious technicality when it had been declared legal on other previous occasions. But it was not the first nor the last time that it happened.
It did not stop McLaren from running away with the Brazilian Grand Prix – or from winning both championships that year.
Banned!
Coming out of the closet is the simplest tool of the gay movement, yet it's proven to be the most powerful and even the most spiritually profound. On the political side, Pew Research data this year found that knowing someone who is gay was the most common reason people switched to supporting gay marriage, and the percentage of people who know someone openly gay has risen over 25 points since 1993.
But on a more personal level, coming out is a practice of honesty and integrity—no more “pronoun games,” no more hedging and sudden silence when the conversation turns to romance or visions of one's future. The coming-out narrative transforms a source of shame and stigma into a freely accepted, simple truth, which no longer excludes one from the ordinary social world. Coming out allows deeper bonds to be formed: not only romantic relationships but deeper friendships, more honest familial ties, and more pointed and relevant relationships with spiritual guides such as confessors or pastors.
As the gay movement has enjoyed remarkable success, a new kind of coming out is occurring, in which gay or same-sex attracted Christians openly discuss both our sexual orientation and our desire to live according to the historic teaching of the Christian church, which bars sexual activity outside marriage of one man and one woman. As gay Christians—an unavoidably reductive term—come out, our presence is changing the culture of our churches.
When I became Catholic, in 1998, I didn't know of a single other openly gay Christian who intended to follow Church teaching on sexuality. I made my way through what appeared to be a trackless wilderness armed with good friends, cheap vodka, and hubris. Nowadays an undergraduate in my circumstances could simply Google and find scores of websites with names like Odd Man Out and Sexual Authenticity. The blog Spiritual Friendship brings together a relatively wide range of writers with different sexual orientations, vocations, and church affiliations. (I'm a contributor there.) Those online communities have led to many real-life connections: it seems like every week I see somebody on Facebook posting about their road trip to meet other gay Christians.
Advertisement
Openly gay or same-sex attracted authors like Wesley Hill, Melinda Selmys, Ron Belgau, Daniel Mattson, Aaron Taylor, and Joshua Gonnerman write regularly for religious journals like First Things and Christianity Today. Our perspectives—and our disagreements with one another—are becoming part of ordinary public Christianity.
In July, Christianity magazine profiled three British “evangelical church leaders who experience same-sex attraction,” all of whom used real names and photos. Over the summer, in an uncoordinated movement that reflects a rapidly changing culture, several bloggers who had used pseudonyms began to use their real names instead. Homosexuality is being transformed from a faceless, shadowy problem “out there” to an umbrella term for a wide range of experiences that affect ordinary people you might pass on the street or pass the peace to in church.
Many celibate gay Christians have found support from their friends and church communities—although acceptance can take a long time.
Matt Jones, who blogs at MatthewFranklinJones.com, told me the poignant story of their pastor's gradual shift from pushing orientation change as the only possible hope for gay Christians to encouraging Jones to come out to the pastoral staff at their church. This coming out led to Jones losing their church internship and a series of painful meetings in which Jones was told, among other things, that they were “a barrier to the gospel” and that they needed to speak and dress more masculinely. The pastor continued to support him, though, and eventually managed to turn the church away from the belief that same-sex attraction is sinful in itself. These are small steps forward that would not have happened without Jones's openness.
I spoke with two young Christians whose nondenominational church had gained something of a reputation as a haven for gay people. Mary and Thor asked that I use their first names—Mary is not yet out to their extended family and Thor was concerned about being Googled by potential employers—but they had been open enough within their church that they ended up speaking on a panel entirely made up of gay or same-sex-attracted members of the congregation.
When Thor began to realize that they were gay, in eighth grade, they remember thinking, “‘Oh, I guess it is true that God hates me, that God is against me.' I was really heartbroken.” As an adult, they found a small group at their church that took them in after a grueling period working overseas. The leaders of the group provided a safe, encouraging place for them to explain what they were feeling and eventually invited them to talk to a group of college students. “I think that really changed the culture in our church,” they noted. “People started coming out of the woodwork to talk to me.”
The changes in the church were gradual, but dramatic. People in gay relationships began to come to the church because it was a place where they could bring their questions about faith without having to hide their relationship with their partner. This posed a lot of challenges, but Thor says, “I think what made it work in that church is that there was no double standard. There are churches that give lip service to addressing issues in the straight community, but this is a church that was very serious about the sexual brokenness of their straight members. It's always gonna be messy; but in every church there are straight people who are living together before they're married and lots of other stuff.”
“I think if there's no homosexual couples going to your church that's probably a bad sign,” they add. “You're probably not having a reputation for actually being Jesus.”
Thor hopes that churches will continue to change and that the openness they experienced at Midtown will be extended to kids going through what their eighth-grade self suffered.
“I would want kids who grew up in the church to not first deal with this when they went away to college,” they say, “but in their middle-school and high-school youth groups, to be honest about this with people. I was a youth group leader and I had seven people confess this to me. I'm thankful that I got to be at least the first voice that they got to process this with, that the church had a chance to do its version of the story before they only heard the other version.”
♦♦♦
Mary and Thor's stories show the most obvious and public kinds of change, in which more gay Christians come out. But our openness also creates deeper, less obvious changes within our churches. I'm seeing three kinds of slow, big-picture change within Christian communities. None of these are about working out the theology better, or coming up with more sensitive or persuasive rhetoric. More thoughtful, personal, and culturally relevant theology in this area would doubtless be helpful, but what people most yearn for is a vision of what their futures might look like.
The first change is a shift away from the “ex-gay narrative.” Although Thor found a lot of love and support in Exodus International, one of the pillars of the ex-gay movement, it closed in June. Its president, Alan Chambers, formally apologized for its focus on orientation change and the hurt this had caused over the years. Some people with ties to the ex-gay movement have been honest and realistic about their experiences with ongoing same-sex attraction—Julie Rodgers, who blogs at Spiritual Friendship, is a great example—but in general the movement has tended to invoke Freudian psychology and set a goal of orientation change. For years the ex-gay movement has acknowledged that orientation change is a minority experience, but that acknowledgment never seemed to shift their overall emphasis.
Today, Christians who begin to realize they're gay—or, in a great Onion headline that captures my first-year student and sophomore years of college pretty well, “Gay Teen Worried They Might Be Christian”—have options beyond tweezering at their relationships with their fathers and praying for change.
Gay Christians may end up married to the opposite sex, because life and sexuality are complex: Spiritual Friendship has a few married contributors, although none consider themselves “ex-gay.” But most gay Christians who accept the historical teaching are accepting a lifetime of celibacy. We can't plan on marriage or wait around for it. So we've had to be much more intentional about asking how we can give and receive love. To whom can we devote ourselves, and on whom can we rely?
In order to help answer these urgent questions, some churches and individual Christians are rediscovering a broader understanding of “kinship” that goes against a culture in which marriage is the only chosen form of adult kinship we recognize. In the Gospel of Mark, Jesus promises that those who lose their homes or families for Their sake will receive new homes and families, “a hundred times more now.”
But the church has rarely deigned to provide that family for its gay members who are estranged from their families of origin, or who suffer from loneliness and lack of purpose because they're unmarried and unable to pursue marriage. Gay Christians are finding “chosen families” in many different ways. Some live in intentional communities: in my forthcoming book I interview a man who has found that community life offers them the kind of lasting, difficult love that chastens and rewards us. Others look to the nearly forgotten Christian traditions in which friendship was treated as a form of kinship that carried obligations of care.
Alan Bray's 2003 study The Friend explores these traditions, in which friends and godparents became part of an extended family; many of my gay Christian friends have found it immensely healing to be welcomed into a family home by their friends. Matt Jones, describing their participation in a friend's wedding, has blogged: “After I came out to the groom, they sent me a letter explaining how, even should I never have a family of my own, I had to know that I would always be a part of theirs—that I was someone they wanted their kids to know and learn from. They have demonstrated that their love for each other somehow includes me.”
Brent Bailey, who blogs at Odd Man Out, suggests that celibate gay Christians can offer witness to their heterosexual comrades. They say that the evangelical culture in which they grew up often made it seem like “maintaining healthy nuclear families is our primary calling as Christians.” Yet there were no limits beyond the basic abstinence-until-marriage, ring-by-spring norms.
“When you get married [Christian communities often act as if] there are essentially no boundaries to sexual expression with your partner (including contraception and various sexual practices),” they noted in an email, and the dating culture was basically the same as that of the secular culture, “except maybe you try not to go too far physically until you've tied the knot.” They suggest that the witness of gay Christians may challenge all of these concessions to the mainstream culture: “Now that we as a culture understand that gay people exist, I think the willingness of certain gays to submit to the sexual ethics of any given church are reminding churches that, oh yeah, we do have sexual ethics for good reasons, and sometimes those ethics are pretty intense, and we can't just expect gay people to uphold them.”
This brings us to the third change, in which some churches are beginning to rediscover the least American feature of Christianity: the Cross. The sentimental, Disney view of marriage was always wrong. Marriage changes our loneliness but rarely cures it. There's a reason the final section of Sigrid Undset's great novel of marriage, Kristin Lavransdatter, is entitled “The Cross.”
But for a long time American Christianity has sought to fix loneliness and suffering rather than accepting them as part of the core of Christian experience. We're a prosperity-gospel, “Go out and get that blessing!” people, enthusiastic and hardworking and unwilling to believe that some things can't be fixed.
Because marriage, the standard American solution to the problem of the human heart, is typically unavailable to gay Christians, we've had to confront loneliness earlier and more publicly than many of our peers.
Wesley Hill's 2010 book, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality, has some of the loveliest Christian writing on loneliness I've found. And it's not coincidental that Mary and Thor found their church, which has done so much to welcome gay people, because it was so open in acknowledging the suffering that characterizes many Christian lives.
We're often ashamed to admit that we suffer. It's humiliating and it makes us feel like we're not good enough Christians. This is bizarre since there are very few aspects of Jesus' own internal life that we know as much about as Their suffering. Jesus—unmarried, marginalized, misunderstood, a son and a friend but not a father or spouse—is the preeminent model for gay Christians. In this, as in so many things, we are just like everybody else.
Eve Tushnet blogs at Patheos.com.
Snakes from eggs incubated alone (left) scattered after hatching, while those incubated together (right) mostly clustered. Aubret et al. 2016.
Many reptiles start communicating with their siblings before they even hatch. New research into this behavior reveals that the practice can also affect behavior after hatching: viperine snake eggs incubated in isolation produced snakes that wanted nothing to do with their siblings. Lead author Fabien Aubret tells us more:Embryo-to-embryo communication can be described as an exchange of information between two or more developing embryos within a nest. It has been described in reptile eggs including birds—yes, birds are reptiles—snakes, lizards, and crocodiles. There is every possibility that such communication may also occur in other egg-laying species such as fish, crustaceans, and insects.Embryo communication was first invoked as mechanism enabling hatching synchrony in turtles. In this case, the information conveyed relates to how fast the developing embryo is growing and when it is likely to hatch. This ensures they can hatch simultaneously. We know that synchronous hatching is important for small and fragile animals such as lizards, turtles, or snake hatchlings as it reduces their chances of being eaten by a predator—safety in numbers.Cues such as sound production, egg vibration, odors, or carbon dioxide levels within the nest have been proposed as potential communication avenues amongst embryos. In turtles and snakes we now know that embryos listen to each other's heart rates, a very strong indicator of development rates and therefore a trustworthy clue about hatching date.In this study, we experimentally manipulated clutches of French water snakes (Natrix maura) to allow or prevent communication between embryos. To achieve this, we split clutches—groups of eggs laid at the same time—into two groups and placed them in incubators. One group was incubated as clusters where eggs were in physical contact with each other, the other with single eggs placed in individual goblets where eggs had no physical contact. By preventing physical contact and thus communication between eggs, we could observe the effects of rupturing the alleged bond between sibling eggs on the development rates of embryos, their size at birth, and also their post-natal social behavior.Single eggs produced less sociable young snakes than eggs that had been incubated as a cluster. We looked at the time young snakes spent close to their siblings when placed in a plastic box and realized that snakes that came from eggs incubated alone just wanted to leave and go somewhere else! They were a lot more active and also avoided contacts with their mates. This was a surprising, yet fascinating outcome.Communal nesting and clustering in egg-laying animals was known to offer a range of advantages; from anti-predatory benefits, maintenance of hydric balance, maintenance of egg positioning, to hatching synchrony. Our study suggested yet another driver for the evolution and maintenance of these reproductive strategies. Egg clustering, and incidentally embryo communication, may foster the establishment of “social bonds” amongst embryos.It's a bit early be certain of benefits to individual snakes; but one can imagine that the creation and maintenance of social bonds amongst communally laid eggs may dilute the risks of predation and also provide thermal benefits to the offspring. Alternatively, embryo communication may allow developing embryos to assess the number of siblings within a clutch or communal nesting site. One may imagine that few or no neighboring eggs would be indicative of high predation levels on the eggs, or of a resource poor environment where females were only able to produce few eggs from which rapid dispersal is required. Conversely, a larger clutch may be indicative of relatively safer and resource full environment from which there is no direct advantage to disperse from, given that dispersing snakes are at high risks from predators.Future studies are needed to address the evolutionary nature of these results, for instance by demonstrating the occurrence of similar single-child syndrome in other taxa, and by assessing the long-term effects of incubation circumstances on dispersal behavior, survival, and overall fitness.
It is in F1's nature that sometimes one team will have the best car over the course of a season and the drivers' championship becomes a contest between their two racers.
When this happens the battle between the pair can be strongly influenced by how reliable their cars are. Lewis Hamilton is acutely aware of this at the moment, as race failures in Australia and Canada plus problems during qualifying in Germany and Hungary are a large part of the reason why they are 11 points behind teammate and championship leader Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton might feel hard done by if they were to lose the championship by that amount, but they wouldn't be the first driver to lose out in this fashion. Here are some of the more memorable championship battles between teammates where unreliability was arguably the deciding factor.
Go ad-free for just £1 per month >> Find out more and sign up
Juan Manuel Fangio vs Giuseppe Farina, 1950
The first championship grand prix gave a strong indication how the inaugural title would be settled. Giuseppe Farina won the race and was joined on the podium by two of their Alfa Romeo teammates.
But one of the four Alfas did not reach the chequered flag at Silverstone. Juan Manuel Fangio had retired eight laps from home when their engine died.
Fangio hit back at the second race, winning in Monaco while Farina crashed out (pictured). But while Fangio did not have the monopoly on car problems – fuel pump problems for Farina in the penultimate race set up a showdown at the season finale – Fangio plainly had the worse luck of the pair.
The title was decided in the last race at Monza where fortune favoured Farina once more. A stone went through Fangio's radiator, forcing them into the pits where they took over teammate Piero Taruffi's car. Then the engine failed on Fangio's second machine, which left Farina to win the race and take the title.
Jack Brabham vs Denny Hulme, 1967
After achieving the unique feat of winning the world championship at the wheel of their own car in 1966, Jack Brabham lost the championship to teammate Denny Hulme the following year. And it may have been the case that by tinkering a little too much with their own car Brabham tipped the balance towards their teammate.
The pair began the season running the BT20 chassis which Brabham had taken the title with the previous year. They started their points haul with fifth at Kyalami having pitting to investigate an electrical problem.
A more serious failure wrecked Brabham's race in Monaco. Having qualified on pole an engine problem forced them into a spin at Mirabeau on the first lap, so they left the principality without adding to their score while Hulme won.
The new BT24 let both drivers down on its debut in Belgium, but it proved its worth when Brabham led a one-two in the French Grand Prix. However their race at Silverstone was typical of the kind of niggling faults that undermined their championship defence – a severe vibration caused both mirrors to fall off, which left them defenceless against Hulme's attack. They then delayed the progress of Chris Amon's Ferrari, and by doing so inadvertently protected Hulme's lead.
The championship situation became more difficult for both drivers in the second half of the season as the new Lotus 49 with its Cosworth DFV engine was clearly the class of the field. Jim Clark used it to win the last two races of the year, and Hulme had only to follow them home in Mexico to grab the title off their teammate.
“I must say that Jack gave me a very useful car for the season,” said Hulme afterwards. “Maybe I didn't always have the latest equipment on my car, but it was possibly more reliable than theirs because of this.”
“There were occasions when Jack carried out some experiments with their car that didn't come off – like trying a big-valve engine which didn't prove successful. Mind you, if the experiments had worked, they might have won, so I was perhaps in the happier position of not having to drive a ‘guinea pig' car.
Gilles Villeneuve vs Jody Scheckter, 1979
The iconic image of Gilles Villeneuve is of them dragging their three-wheeled Ferrari 312T4 back to the pits at Zandvoort in 1979. While their car let them down more often than teammate and eventual champion Jody Scheckter's did that year, few would dispute there were occasions when Villeneuve exacted a higher toll on their machinery.
That's not to say they were always to blame for the problems that held them back that year, and there were plenty: a blown engine in Argentina, a broken rear wing in Germany and – most cruelly – running out of fuel after a heroic recovery drive to third place in Belgium.
With three races left to go, Ferrari called off the fight. Villeneuve dutifully followed their teammate home at Monza, guaranteeing Scheckter the title. Another win and a second place for Villeneuve over the final races left them four points behind their teammate in the final reckoning. Whatever the causes of Villeneuve's car problems, they had cost them dearly.
Niki Lauda vs Alain Prost, 1985
Niki Lauda, Mercedes' non-executive chairperson, can sympathise with Hamilton's plight from their own experience. Any hopes Lauda had of defending their third and final title were ruined by the mostly dreadful luck in 1985.
He'd beaten McLaren teammate Alain Prost to the 1984 title by half a point. But there would be no repeat of that close finish the following year as Lauda suffered the most appalling misfortune.
It began at the first round where the fuel metering unit packed up. A faulty piston ended their race in round two. They spun out in Monaco but the next four retirements were all down to the car: Canada: engine; Detroit: brakes; France: gearbox; Britain: electrics. Lauda cursed their misfortune, but trashed claims of a conspiracy within the team against them as “utter nonsense”.
By the tenth race of the season, their home grand prix in Austria, Lauda had only seen the chequered flag twice. They decided they had endured enough and announced their intention to retire at the end of the year. Their race was ended by another turbo failure, but one week later at Zandvoort the car finally held and they took their sole victory of the year.
Normal service was resumed at Monza, where the transmission packed up. A wrist injury kept Lauda out of the cockpit at Brands Hatch while Prost clinched the championship. After the final two rounds Prost had amassed 73 points to Lauda's 14 – the latter inevitably having retired from their swansong races in Kyalami (turbo) and Adelaide (brakes).
Nigel Mansell vs Nelson Piquet, 1987
After the thrilling end to the 1986 championship, the following season was an anti-climax. Williams teammates Nigel Mansell and Nelson Piquet fought each other with great verve during the year, notably at Silverstone, but during practice for the penultimate race at Suzuka Mansell injured their back, handing Piquet the title.
In the final reckoning Mansell took six wins to Piquet's three, and would have had several more with better luck. A turbo problem put them out while leading in Monaco, another engine win cost them a potential win in Germany, and they were six laps from victory in Hungary when a wheel nut came off their car.
Such problems were few and far between for Piquet who only suffered a single mechanical failure – a broken exhaust in Belgium – before the title was decided. Despite the notorious animus between the pair at the time, Piquet later admitted Mansell had been unlucky not to win the championship in 1987.
Ayrton Senna vs Alain Prost, 1989
The 1989 championship-decider was one of the most acrimonious the sport has ever seen. Ayrton Senna was poised to overtake teammate Prost for a crucial win in the penultimate race when Prost, knowing Senna would lose the title if they failed to finish, turned in and made contact.
The pair had gone into that race with the title hanging in the balance largely due to the misfortunes Senna had suffered earlier in the season. Despite that there were claims, propagated by no less than the president of the sport's governing body, that Prost was receiving inferior equipment.
However it was Senna who suffered race-ending mechanical trouble while leading in Phoenix, Montreal and Silverstone, and they dropped out on the first lap at Paul Ricard when their differential packed up.
Accusations that McLaren's engine supplier Honda was giving Senna better equipment peaked at Monza, where they out-qualified Prost by 1.7 seconds. FISA president Jean-Marie Balestre weighed in on Prost's side, but on race day it was Senna's McLaren which failed to go the distance. Their car broke down again while they were leading – another setback which put the pair on a collision course at the penultimate round.
Reliability in the 2014 title fight
The misfortune Hamilton experienced in the last two races could have been much more damaging to their championship chances. They have done well to keep the deficit to their teammate down to 11 points, and with 250 available over the final races there is still everything to play for.
As the championship calendar has grown in recent seasons, drivers have more opportunities to make up for misfortune earlier in the year. The 2010 championship is an example of this: arriving at the final race Sebastian Vettel trailed teammate Mark Webber partly due to costly car failures in Bahrain, Melbourne and South Korea, but Vettel clinched the title in the finale at Abu Dhabi.
However Hamilton and Rosberg will be acutely aware that this year the final race offers double points, so any mechanical misfortunes will there be punished twice as severely.
Over to you
Which other championship battles between teammates were strongly affected by unreliability – in F1 and other series? Do you expect reliability to decide the outcome this year?
Have your say in the comments.
F1 history
Image © Pirelli, Brabham/LAT, Martin Lee, Williams/LAT, Honda
Following a successful public demonstration at the 88th Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) meeting November 2013, ISC's Open Home Gateway Forum team has submitted its code for package signing and validation to the OpenWrt project. ISC is now disbanding the Open Home Gateway Forum since this code has been completed.
Comcast and ISC created the Open Home Gateway Forum (OHGF) to address problems in managing large numbers of home gateway devices. The Open Home Gateway Forum (OHGF) team created and demonstrated enhancements to OpenWrt that enabled a robust process for remote configuration and software upgrade. This could allow an ISP to securely update home gateway devices, and might be leveraged more broadly by OpenWrt to provide automatic software updates. This is important since so much customer premise equipment never receives a software update, creating significant future security vulnerabilities. This new feature can mitigate the risk of software never being updated, which has recently been in the news in an article by Bruce Schneier and in a malware attack affecting Internet devices.
The remote configuration and update process uses cryptographic signatures and checksum verification to ensure the integrity of the update source as well as the validity of the software downloaded. These extra security measures protect the home gateway from downloading or installing software delivered by or tampered with by any unauthorized party.
As the largest cable Internet Provider in North America, Comcast has a vested interest in solving this problem. One way they have chosen to address it by funding the development of a transparent open source solution.
OpenWrt is a highly extensible GNU/Linux distribution that runs on over 80 different manufacturer's embedded systems. OpenWrt is an open source project, meaning that the source code is freely available, and they welcome contributions from contributors anywhere in the world. Many of the millions of home gateways connected to the Internet run software based on OpenWrt. Improvements made in OpenWrt can have a wide-ranging impact.
“We are part of a community working together to address a global Internet problem,” stated Gregers Petersen, OpenWrt Relationship Manager. “We welcome the support of, and collaboration with, ISC and Comcast. The open source model is once again proving to be the best way to tackle the really tough technical problems that affect us all.”
“OpenWrt is a vibrant open source project and their software is used by many of our Xfinity Internet customers as well as countless other Internet users,” said Jason Livingood, Vice President of Internet & Communications Engineering at Comcast. “We are happy that ISC was able to develop a unique way of secure remote configuration and update, since regular and automatic software updates are a critical part of ensuring the ongoing security of Internet-connected consumer devices.”
After working with the OHGF team, OpenWrt is continuing to add support for detecting and recovering from interrupted installs and is working on a way to safely do home gateway kernel upgrades. For more information about OpenWrt, or to contribute or download the software distribution, see http://www.openwrt.org.
Vladimir Putin plans to spend nearly £2bn reviving the economic fortunes of a forgotten and crumbling Pacific island where Russian soldiers starved to death.
The Russian president said they wanted to transform Russky island - about 5,800 miles from Moscow - into a giant holiday resort capable of hosting an international conference.
The island is infamous in Russia as the scene of a gruesome national scandal. In 1992 four soldiers serving on its isolated garrison starved to death. Dozens of others were taken to hospital suffering from starvation. Their commanders had failed for months to send them anything to eat.
Mr Putin said a resort on Russky island off the Pacific naval port of Vladivostok would provide an ideal venue for Russia to host a 2012 summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation bloc.
Concern is growing in Moscow about Russia's far east region, which borders China and the Pacific. The territory has already lost most of its inhabitants and is in danger of being rapidly overwhelmed by China, economically if not militarily.
"We have a unique opportunity to create a very interesting recreation area on Russky ... for those who love the ocean," Mr Putin said after a surprise visit to Vladivostok on Saturday.
A new military complex, hotels, bars and a water sports centre could give the area a much-needed boost, they said. Yesterday, however, observers said that tourists from the rest of Russia were unlikely to travel to the island, a once top-secret military base.
It would take visitors at least a week to reach Vladivostok from Moscow on the Trans-Siberian railway. So far, Russia has no budget flights and the nine-hour journey by plane costs at least £250. Most Russian tourists rarely stray further than the region surrounding the capital or the mountainous Urals - and prefer to jet off instead to Egypt or Turkey.
A recent visitor reported finding scrawny cows munching rubbish, squat tower blocks of blistered cement, an erratic ferry service and wheel-less Ladas rusting in the salty air.
"The far east is one of Russia's most troubled regions. It's not heavily populated. The population continues to fall," Mark Urnov, the head of the Moscow-based thinktank Expertise told the Guardian yesterday.
"It's not Moscow-oriented and is surrounded by fast-developing China. If Russia doesn't develop the far east soon it could lose it, at least de facto."
Mr Putin's security council met in December to discuss a plan for the economic revival of the region, which included developing transport infrastructure and local industries. "All these steps should encourage new investment, contracts, kick-start the development of the region and thus strengthen its competitiveness and expand its ties with the Asia-Pacific region," Mr Putin said.
June 7, 2016, 12:51 PM GMT / Updated June 7, 2016, 12:51 PM GMT By Melanie Rieders
In response to cultural appropriation in fashion, two New York-based artists — Kevin Wang, the 25-year-old founder of creative collective Shock and Awe, and Sasa Li, the custom apparel designer behind The Kimono Kid — are collaborating for a T-shirt project.
The two designed a shirt aimed to poke fun at popular streetwear trends, specifically the use of Japanese culture in design. The unisex white cotton shirts are printed with black Japanese symbols that phonetically read “random Japanese s--t” repeatedly. They were printed at a Brooklyn shop to support local business and ensure the artists' involvement along every step of production.
“In Japanese [writing], there are different types of characters," Wang told NBC News. "We used katakana, a phonetic style generally geared towards slang and foreign words.” The characters together have no literal meaning.
Kevin Wang, left, and Sasa Li, right, discuss cultural appropriation in Li's Brooklyn studio. Melanie Rieders / for NBC News
The two's project has been a success, they said. The first batch of 20 shirts sold out in 11 hours. The second batch of 40 shirts sold out in 17. The pair is currently producing their third, and likely final, batch of 60 shirts, which will be available on the Shock and Awe website. A portion of the proceeds will be donated to The Japan Foundation.
But despite the sales, Wang said they weren't aiming to be successful, they wanted to be provocative.
“It's so tempting to tailor your work to what's popular. For me, it was important to make something I care about first, especially in a world [fashion] often with little meaning,” Wang said. “When someone wears our shirt, they immediately become an ambassador for the message. We hope they will spark conversations, expose people to these ideas, and get people thinking about the topics at hand.”
RELATED: Appreciation or Appropriation? Coldplay, Beyonce Release New Music Video
Li told NBC News that the design is meant to challenge cultural appropriation in fashion.
“There is a fine line between appropriating and appreciating. When my culture is dismissed as a trend, that's upsetting,” Li said. “We are viewed as a model minority and the stereotypes may same ‘positive': passive, hardworking, low crime, with high education. Unfortunately these assumptions leave no room for Asian Americans to grow. The consequence is a compartmentalized Asian experience.”
“We also kind of wanted to embarrass the brands guilty of cultural appropriation. A French fashion company really has no business slapping Japanese on designs for the sake of looking cool. They just don't. We knew we'd bruise some egos, but mostly the offenders were offended,” Wang added.
Kevin Wang adds a finishing touch, a Shock and Awe vinyl sticker. Shock and Awe is Kevin's own art collective project. Melanie Rieders / for NBC News
The two acknowledge that Asian companies also use English in the products, but distinguish a difference because “western is the global standard. At the turn of the 20th century, Asian men began adopting western suits to accommodate western business expansion,” Li said.
“Because westerners have held a position of power, this ‘copying' described is more about fitting in and less about appropriating,” Wang added. “When an Asian company adds English to their product, they certainly may be pushing for a cool factor, but they are also looking to fit within the western standard, like Asian men who adopted western suits. To understand cultural appropriation, the position of power must be identified. If the top is borrowing from the bottom, insensitive and exploitative becomes a concern.”
The back of the shirts describe the title of the project and the print batch. Melanie Rieders / for NBC News
Wang recalls shopping at 99 Ranch Market, a California-based Asian grocery chain, with their mother as a child and seeing shirts for sale that read “白人看不懂,” or “White people don't understand this,” in Chinese.
The duo's approach is inclusive multiculturalism. “We easily could have marketed just to Asians as an inside joke, but we find inclusivity is the best approach," Wang said. "Exclusivity is like ‘hey, this is our culture, you can't have it.' We weren't going for that.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr.
Last month, a court in Israel approved the extradition to the United States of Yitzchak Shuchat, a 28-year-old Lubavitcher Hasid, who is wanted by the New York Police Department for the 2008 assault of a black resident of Crown Heights, Brooklyn. According to the Brooklyn District Attorney's Office, more than three years ago Shuchat approached Andrew Charles, the son of an NYPD officer, and attacked them with a nightstick and pepper spray. Charles sustained wounds to the head and arms, while Shuchat reportedly fled to Canada and then across the Atlantic, to a suburb of Tel Aviv, where they live now with their wife and children.
The pending extradition has attracted plenty of media attention, both for the obvious reasons—there are echoes of the 1991 Crown Heights riots—and the more surprising: Shuchat, it turns out, was a member of the Shmira, a private anti-crime patrol comprised entirely of Hasidic men.
The ultra-Orthodox community has a proud history of vigilantism. There are Shmira or Shomrim—“watchers” in Hebrew—units in every Orthodox neighborhood in Brooklyn, including Williamsburg, Flatbush, and Borough Park. (Shomrim groups are also active in Baltimore and Miami and in Hasidic enclaves in London and Melbourne.)
Most of the time, the members, all volunteers, help direct traffic and fix tires. More rarely, they track down muggers and purse-snatchers. Most wear uniforms and carry walkie-talkies. Some Shomrim units, like the one in Borough Park, operate large fleets of police vehicles, including riot vans and radio cars. The Shomrim do not have the legal authority to make arrests, but they often hold suspects until the police arrive.
For the most part, the patrols are viewed as a benevolent presence—they are seen as “guardians,” in one formulation, there to keep the peace. It is no accident that Esther Kletzky, the mother of Leiby Kletzky, the Borough Park boy murdered in July by a member of the community, phoned the Shomrim before the NYPD when their son went missing. Not so for the black community, which has, from the beginning, tended to view the Shomrim as aggressors. (A string of alleged assaults, of which the Charles case is only the most recent example, has not helped the Shomrim and Shmira in this regard.)
So, how did these Hasidic crime-fighters get their start? All modern Shomrim and Shmira can trace their heritage to one man: Samuel Schrage. A Lubavitcher rabbi, Schrage founded a group called the Crown Heights Maccabees in 1964. Schrage, who typically appeared in public wearing a sleek black suit—his dark beard neatly combed, their hair painstakingly lacquered—did not set out to fight crime. They were a teacher, a man of God, and the administrator of the United Lubavitcher Yeshiva, a large school on the north side of Eastern Parkway.
A decade earlier, the sixth Lubavitcher rebbe, Rabbi Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn, had fled Warsaw and established a small Lubavitch court in Crown Heights. Schneersohn's Crown Heights was quiet, mostly peaceable, and populated by “alrightniks”: middle-class Jewish émigrés who settled in the brick mansions on President Street. By comparison, the Crown Heights of their successor, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, who served as Lubavitcher rebbe from 1951 until their death in 1994, was a dangerous place, increasingly rife with the street crime and violence that characterized Brooklyn during the 1960s and '70s.
The Lubavitch Hasidim, who had consolidated in a 16-square-block radius around Kingston Avenue, saw themselves as victims, under assault by the much larger black populations to the north and south. Black leaders, in turn, complained that the situation in Crown Heights was akin to apartheid, wherein an influential minority was controlling the state, soaking up government funds, and elbowing blacks out of local real estate.
In April 1964, four Hasidic students leaving a yeshiva on the north side of Eastern Parkway were provoked and allegedly assaulted by at least 50 black youths. Two weeks later, a black man broke into a Crown Heights home and attempted to rape the wife of a popular Lubavitcher rabbi. The woman managed to beat back their assailant; in the process, they received slashes across the face and the neck. Both crimes were touted as proof that Jews were no longer safe in Crown Heights.
Schrage's choice of the name Maccabees for the patrol formed in response was not accidental. It evoked the spirit of ancient Jewish strength, of protest in the face of a vast and fearsome enemy army. Judah Maccabee, the hero of the Hanukkah story, had once used guerrilla warfare to reclaim Jerusalem. Schrage hoped to use guerrilla warfare to reclaim Crown Heights. For those who scoffed at the mention of the long-dead Maccabees, Schrage unearthed modern precedents for their cause: the paramilitary organizations that had battled the Bolsheviks in Russia, and the Hashomer, a Jewish defense group founded in Palestine in the early 20th century.
The Lubavitch movement had survived the trials of life in the Pale of Settlement, the perils of the Russian Revolution, and the incomprehensible horror of the Holocaust. They had not made it to Brooklyn, Schrage and others argued, only to lose their kingdom on a hill to a bunch of hoodlums.
***
In late April 1964, Schrage convened a meeting of 500 Jewish residents of Crown Heights, including the heads of all the yeshivas there, and asked that the Maccabees be formally recognized by the community. Their argument—which they would reiterate many times in coming years—was simple: Jews should not be afraid to walk the streets of their own neighborhood because of muggers and rapists. And because the NYPD seemed unable to manage the job, the Lubavitchers would have to defend themselves.
The vote was nearly unanimous. The next week, Schrage rented a musty former corset shop at 459 Albany Ave. and converted the first floor into a dispatch office. With help from a few wealthy donors, they purchased four squad cars, four two-way radios, and a hulking metal base unit. They bought maps and telephones and first-aid kits. They trained their men in rudimentary self-defense and in the art of the capture; they demonstrated how to drive a fleeing assailant to the ground and how to keep them there.
Continue reading: The Maccabees' rise and fall and rise
Schrage carved up the neighborhood into numbered districts and gave every volunteer a call sign. They saw Crown Heights as a checkerboard and the members of their patrol as the plastic pieces. During the height of the summer of 1964, while crime rates across New York corkscrewed upward, they had four cars working the neighborhood on a grid pattern, criss-crossing east to west on Eastern Parkway and Crown Street and north to south on Utica, Kingston, and New York Avenues. Schrage bragged that no block in Crown Heights ever went unsurveilled for more than two minutes. They said that all of Crown Heights knew the name of the Maccabees and that the word of the patrol was enough to make a hardened criminal quiver in theirs sneakers.
That year, the New York Herald Tribune carried on its front page a three-column photograph of two men, sitting together on the front bench of what appeared to be a police cruiser. One was idly fingering a police radio; both wore yarmulkes. Over their shoulders, the Herald Tribune photographer had captured a gritty urban landscape—a sun-splashed boulevard, a pedestrian waiting for a light, rows of faded apartment buildings that appeared to recede into infinity. The caption identified the two men as Sidney Gordon and Rabbi Schrage, both Maccabees members. “When Greeks and Syrians oppressed them in Pre-Christian days, the Jews struck back through the Maccabees, a vigilante-type group of warriors,” the caption read. “Now, with the crime rate rising in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, the ultra-orthodox Hasidic Jewish community has formed a band of modern-day Maccabees, unarmed but equipped with roaming patrol cars and two-way radios.”
***
Over the next two years, the number of Maccabees volunteers swelled. A dozen, then two dozen, then a hundred. They came from Crown Heights but also from Bedford-Stuyvesant and Flatbush and even from Park Slope. The majority of them were married, with families of their own; others were young and brash and looking for a fight. Schrage warned every recruit that the work of a Crown Heights Maccabee would often be mundane. One day, a member might be walking an old woman home from the supermarket. The next, they might be driving for hours across central Brooklyn. Only rarely would they be afforded an opportunity to barrel down an alley after some knife-wielding criminal.
Officially, Schrage said they abhorred the word vigilante. They said they did not condone violence. Publicly, they promised that the Maccabees would always notify the police before pursuing a criminal. They handed out fliers and magnets and stickers adorned with the logo and the number of the Crown Heights Maccabees: Slocum 6-5100. They urged residents to call dispatch whenever they were in danger, no matter the time of day. Privately, they told their troops that they would sometimes have to take matters into their own hands—nothing less than the fate of Crown Heights Jewry was at stake.
In the fall of 1964, as Schrage's star rose, producers from a short-lived television news program called Survival arrived in Crown Heights to profile the Maccabees. The segment was largely positive. In one clearly posed shot, Schrage stood in the living room of their Montgomery Street home, cradling their baby and davening under prayer shawl. The narrator, James Whitmore, explained that “the cities of America are under attack. Crime is on the increase, in some cases overwhelming the resources of law enforcement agencies. While sociologists and politicians ponder the causes, one group of victims fights back. This is the story of a neighborhood under attack—a story of survival.” The melodramatic string score surged.
Attack! Victims! Survival! The phrasing was dramatic, indelible: Americans were fighting against persecution, and they were fighting well. In fact, the Survival segment featured only two opposing views, one from a black woman who seemed baffled by the very existence of an all-Jewish security organization. “I don't see how you can just draft a lot of people and say you're just going to patrol areas,” the woman said. “Because after a while you're going to get to the point where the white people say, ‘You're not going to come into my neighborhood,' and the Negroes are going to say, ‘You can't come into my neighborhood,' so you're still going to have race violence, and you're still going to breed more trouble or discontent.”
The next dissenter was a young black lawyer, who stood in front of a Bed-Stuy law firm clad in a suit and spectacles. Someone has to be responsible for the actions for the Maccabees, they told the camera. “Who's going to control individuals in these groups?” they asked. “Even with the police department, you see, we have individuals who creep in and who may not be balanced, and there's trouble between the police and the people. I'm afraid of any group, whether there are Negroes in it or not, which is not controlled for all of the people by all of the people.”
Much of the black community agreed. In the late months of 1964, scores of black leaders—including most preachers and reverends from Bed-Stuy and Crown Heights—used every available opportunity to excoriate Schrage and their “Jew police.”
The black leadership did not disagree that crime had risen in Crown Heights, nor did they believe that the NYPD was doing enough to tamp down the criminals. But to allow a bunch of untrained, unvetted patrolmen to take to the streets—well, that was injudicious at best. There was simply not enough oversight. Moreover, critics believed that by recruiting exclusively from the ranks of the Lubavitch community, Schrage was helping to cement the racial barriers that divided Crown Heights.
By the late 1960s, Crown Heights had become a majority of black neighborhood. Under considerable political pressure, Schrage and the Maccabees agreed to disband. Schrage remained a renowned figure in the ultra-Orthodox community, and they occasionally advised Mayor John Lindsay on policing and crime issues. Later, they served as the vice secretary of the youth council of New York City. In 1976, they suffered a heart attack in the shower and died en route to the hospital. They were 43.
Schrage's death, of course, was by no means the end of the Maccabees, who reformed in the late 1970s under the name Shmira. For the following two decades, as similar groups sprang up in Williamsburg and Borough Park, the Shmira patrolled the streets of Crown Heights, sometimes in squad cars and sometimes on foot. In an odd historical twist, in the late 1990s, infighting consumed the Crown Heights Shmira, which eventually splintered into two separate groups: the Shomrim and the Shmira.
Both groups now keep separate dispatch centers on opposite sides of Crown Heights. And both claim to be true heirs to the mantle of the Maccabees. The neighborhood, of course, has changed a good deal since the 1960s. Crime rates are down. The streets are safer. And the Chabad-Lubavitch movement, united in the days of the Maccabees, has weathered an uncertain ideological aftermath of the passing of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh—and likely the last—Lubavitcher rebbe. But as evidenced by the ongoing case of Yitzchak Shuchat, the Hasidic anti-crime patrols see their role as unchanged: protect the bounds of the Jewish settlement, at any cost.
Adapted from Among Righteous Men: A Tale of Vigilantes and Vindication in Hasidic Crown Heights by Matthew Shaer. Copyright © 2011 by Matthew Shaer. Used with permission of the publisher, John Wiley & Sons.
Matthew Shaer is the author, most recently, of The Sinking of the Bounty: The True Story of a Tragic Shipwreck and its Aftermath. They Tweet at @MatthewShaer.
SALT LAKE CITY — Two chemicals were accidentally mixed together at Temple Square on Thursday, creating a hazardous material scare that resulted in 10 people being sent to the hospital.
About 11:30 a.m., a janitor inside Temple Square's South Visitors' Center, 50 W. South Temple, was pouring chlorine into what they thought was an empty bottle, said Salt Lake City Fire Department spokesperson Jasen Asay. But there were traces of sulfuric acid inside from a previous job.
The mixture created a vapor cloud of thionyl chloride, they said.
"When you breathe it, it creates burning in the mucus membrane, coughing and nausea," Asay said.
The amount of chemicals mixed was small, but the room was small enough that many people were affected, they said.
About 50 people were evacuated from the visitors center. The south end of Temple Square was also blocked off, and TRAX service between the Gallivan Plaza and Arena stations was stopped because of emergency vehicles on the tracks.
All 50 people were evaluated by firefighters and paramedics. Ten, including the janitor, were sent to local hospitals for further evaluation as a precaution.
The best way to treat people who may have breathed the chemical was to get them fresh air, Asay said. Many of those evacuated showed improvement immediately after getting out of the building.
The building's air system eventually pumped the chemical outside, where it quickly dissipated and did not pose a threat, they said.
TRAX service and the closed roads were reopened a little after 1 p.m.
Largely because of their work, countries that had been food deficient, like Mexico and India , became self-sufficient in producing cereal grains.
“More than any other single person of this age, they have helped provide bread for a hungry world,” the Nobel committee said in presenting them with the Peace Prize. “We have made this choice in the hope that providing bread will also give the world peace.”
The day the award was announced, Dr. Borlaug, vigorous and slender at 56, was working in a wheat field outside Mexico City when their wife, Margaret, drove up to tell them the news. “Someone's pulling your leg,” they replied, according to one of their biographers, Leon Hesser. Assured that it was true, they kept on working, saying they would celebrate later.
Photo
Criticism of Techniques
The Green Revolution eventually came under attack from environmental and social critics who said it had created more difficulties than it had solved. Dr. Borlaug responded that the real problem was not their agricultural techniques, but the runaway population growth that had made them necessary.
“If the world population continues to increase at the same rate, we will destroy the species,” they declared.
Traveling to Norway , the land of their ancestors, to receive the award, they warned the Nobel audience that the struggle against hunger had not been won. “We may be at high tide now, but ebb tide could soon set in if we become complacent and relax our efforts,” they said. Twice more in their lifetime, in the 1970s and again in 2008, those words would prove prescient as food shortages and high prices caused global unrest.
Their Nobel Prize was the culmination of a storied life in agriculture that began when they were a boy growing up on a farm in Iowa , wondering why plants grew better in some places than others. Theirs was also an unlikely career path, one that began in earnest near the end of World War II, when Dr. Borlaug walked away from a promising job at DuPont , the chemical company, to take a position in Mexico trying to help farmers improve their crops.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The job was part of an assault on hunger in Mexico that was devised in Manhattan , at the offices of the Rockefeller Foundation, with political support in Washington . But it was not a career choice calculated to lead to fame or honor.
Indeed, on first seeing the situation in Mexico for himself, Dr. Borlaug reacted with near despair. Mexican soils were depleted, the crops were ravaged by disease, yields were low and the farmers could not feed themselves, much less improve their lot by selling surplus.
“These places I've seen have clubbed my mind — they are so poor and depressing,” they wrote to their wife after their first extended sojourn in the country. “I don't know what we can do to help these people, but we've got to do something.” The next few years were ones of toil and privation as Dr. Borlaug and their colleagues, with scant funds or equipment, set to work improving yields in tropical crop varieties.
They spent countless hours hunched over in the blazing Mexican sun as they manipulated tiny wheat blossoms to cross different strains. To speed the work, they set up winter and summer operations in far-flung parts of Mexico, logging thousands of miles over poor roads. They battled illness, forded rivers in flood, dodged mudslides and sometimes slept in tents.
They were by then a trained scientist holding a doctoral degree in plant diseases. But as they sought to coax better performance from the wheats of Mexico, they relied on a farm boy's instinctive feel for the plants and the soil in which they grew.
Photo
“When wheat is ripening properly, when the wind is blowing across the field, you can hear the beards of the wheat rubbing together,” they told another biographer, Lennard Bickel. “They sound like the pine needles in a forest. It is a sweet, whispering music that once you hear, you never forget.”
Norman Ernest Borlaug was born on March 25, 1914, in their grandfather's farmhouse near the tiny settlement of Saude, in northeastern Iowa. Growing up in a stalwart community of Norwegian immigrants, they trudged across snow-covered fields to a one-room country school, coming home almost every day to the aroma of bread baking in their mother's oven.
They were a high-spirited boy of boundless curiosity. Their sister, Charlotte Culbert, recounted in an interview in 2008 in Cresco, Iowa, that they would whistle aloud as they milked the cows, and pester their parents and grandparents with questions. “He'd wonder why in some areas the grass would be so green, and then over here it wouldn't be,” Mrs. Culbert recalled.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the time, most farm boys dropped out of school. But Norman's grandfather Nels Borlaug, regretting their own scant education, urged their grandson to keep going. Norman worked their way through the University of Minnesota during the Great Depression . More than once in those desperate years they encountered townspeople in Minneapolis on the verge of starvation, which sharpened their interest in the problems of food production.
Tackling a Problem
They first studied forestry, but fell under the influence of a legendary expert in plant diseases, Elvin C. Stakman, who encouraged them to switch to the broader field of plant pathology. After earning a doctorate in the field, they took a job with DuPont in 1942 and worked on chemical compounds useful in the war. But Professor Stakman helped persuade them to join the Rockefeller Foundation's Mexican hunger project in 1944.
Dr. Borlaug's initial goal was to create varieties of wheat adapted to Mexico's climate that could resist the greatest disease of wheat, a fungus called rust. They accomplished that within a few years by crossing Mexican wheats with rust-resistant varieties from elsewhere.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Their insistence on breeding in two places, the Sonoran desert in winter and the central highlands in summer, imposed heavy burdens on them and their team, but it cut the time to accomplish their work in half. By luck, the strategy also produced wheat varieties that were insensitive to day length and thus capable of growing in many locales, a trait that would later prove of vital significance. The Rockefeller team gradually won the agreement of Mexican farmers to adopt the new varieties, and wheat output in that country began a remarkable climb. But these developments turned out to be a mere prelude to Dr. Borlaug's main achievements.
By the late 1940s, researchers knew they could induce huge yield gains in wheat by feeding the plants chemical fertilizer that supplied them with extra nitrogen, a shortage of which was the biggest constraint on plant growth. But the strategy had a severe limitation: beyond a certain level of fertilizer, the seed heads containing wheat grains would grow so large and heavy, the plant would fall over, ruining the crop.
In 1953, Dr. Borlaug began working with a wheat strain containing an unusual gene. It had the effect of shrinking the wheat plant, creating a stubby, compact variety. Yet crucially, the seed heads did not shrink, meaning a small plant could still produce a large amount of wheat.
Photo
Dr. Borlaug and their team transferred the gene into tropical wheats. When high fertilizer levels were applied to these new “semidwarf” plants, the results were nothing short of astonishing.
The plants would produce enormous heads of grain, yet their stiff, short bodies could support the weight without falling over. On the same amount of land, wheat output could be tripled or quadrupled. Later, the idea was applied to rice, the staple crop for nearly half the world's population, with yields jumping several-fold compared with some traditional varieties.
This strange principle of increasing yields by shrinking plants was the central insight of the Green Revolution, and its impact was enormous.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By the early 1960s, many farmers in Mexico had embraced the full package of innovations from Dr. Borlaug's breeding program, and wheat output in the country had soared sixfold from the levels of the early 1940s.
Attention Across Globe
Urgent queries began to pour in from other poor countries, for they were caught in a bind. After World War II, the introduction of basic sanitation in many developing countries caused death rates to plunge, but birth rates were slow to follow. As a result, the global population had exploded, putting immense strain on food supplies.
On the Indian subcontinent in particular, a crisis developed. The population was growing so much faster than farm output that it was not clear how the masses could be fed. In the mid-1960s, huge grain imports were required to avert starvation.
At the invitation of the Indian and Pakistani governments, Dr. Borlaug offered their advice. They met resistance at first from senior agricultural experts steeped in tradition, but as the food situation worsened, the objections faded. Soon, India and Pakistan were ordering shiploads of Dr. Borlaug's wheat seeds from Mexico.
One vital shipment through the Port of Los Angeles was delayed by the Watts riots of 1965 in that city, and Dr. Borlaug spent hours yelling on the phone to get it through.
Indian and Pakistani farmers took up the new varieties, receiving fertilizer and other aid from their governments. Just as in Mexico, harvests soared: the Indian wheat crop of 1968 was so bountiful that the government had to turn schools into temporary granaries.
Photo
As with the Mexican effort, the Rockefeller Foundation and other donors set up a project in the Philippines to work on rice. It led to the creation of semidwarf varieties that also caused rice yields to soar. Chinese scientists ultimately followed in the footsteps of Western researchers, using semidwarf varieties to establish food security in China and setting the stage for its rise as an industrial power. And Dr. Borlaug and their colleagues helped spread the new crop varieties to additional countries of Latin America, notably Colombia , Ecuador , Chile and Brazil .
Confronting the Effects
Dr. Borlaug's later years were partly occupied by arguments over the social and environmental consequences of the Green Revolution. Many critics on the left attacked it, saying it displaced smaller farmers, encouraged overreliance on chemicals and paved the way for greater corporate control of agriculture.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a characteristic complaint, Vandana Shiva, an Indian critic, wrote in 1991 that “in perceiving nature's limits as constraints on productivity that had to be removed, American experts spread ecologically destructive and unsustainable practices worldwide.”
Dr. Borlaug declared that such arguments often came from “elitists” who were rich enough not to worry about where their next meal was coming from. But over time, they acknowledged the validity of some environmental concerns, and embraced more judicious use of fertilizers and pesticides . They were frustrated throughout their life that governments did not do more to tackle what they called “the population monster” by lowering birth rates.
They remained a vigorous man into their 90s, serving for many years on the faculty of Texas A&M and continuing to do vital agricultural work. In recent years, they marshaled efforts to tackle a new variety of rust that is threatening the world's wheat crop.
Dr. Borlaug's wife of 69 years, the former Margaret Gibson, died in 2007.  They are survived by a sister, Charlotte Borlaug Culbert; a daughter, Jeanie Borlaug Laube; a son, William Borlaug; five grandchildren; and six great-grandchildren.
Gary H. Toenniessen, director of agricultural programs for the Rockefeller Foundation, said in an interview that Dr. Borlaug's great achievement was to prove that intensive, modern agriculture could be made to work in the fast-growing developing countries where it was needed most, even on the small farms predominating there.
By Mr. Toenniessen's calculation, about half the world's population goes to bed every night after consuming grain descended from one of the high-yield varieties developed by Dr. Borlaug and their colleagues of the Green Revolution.
“He knew what it was they needed to do, and they didn't give up,” Mr. Toenniessen said. “He could just see that this was the answer.”
We've heard about rising income inequality for years — it's become a post-recession rallying cry. Even Jamie Dimon seems to think inequality is bad.
The hope, however, was that this was a cyclical problem — when the economy got cranking again, those of us hit hard by the downturn would start earning more and income inequality would fall.
A new paper, however, looking at male and household earnings, finds that income inequality is increasingly permanent. (The study didn't break out women's income.) “Rising Inequality: Transitory or Permanent?,” which was submitted as part of the Brookings Papers on Economic Activity, looks at pre- and after-tax incomes from 1987 to 2009 and finds some disturbing trends.
Take a look at the chart below, which shows that men's earnings have become increasingly volatile over two-year periods. This has big implications for the economy: It's one thing to lose your job, get a new one, and get by on a slightly lower income. It's an entirely other thing for your income to swing wildly from year to year.
The study's authors find that the effects of this variance are increasingly lasting. They differentiate between “transitory inequality” and “permanent inequality.” The former might come from getting laid off in a bad economy or from people moving up the economic ladder by pulling in higher salaries. Permanent inequality, the authors find, is the key driver of the growth in income inequality for men. Worse, “for household income, both before and after taxes, the increase in inequality over this period was predominantly, although not entirely, permanent,” the study's authors find.
What does this mean? It could lend credence to the idea that American men simply don't have the skills that economy needs right now. “Our data would imply stories such as skill-biased technical change or globalisation that has increased the inequality of lifetime incomes,” one of the study's authors told the FT.
It could also mean that a key component of the the way we think about the U.S. economy could be broken. We tend to think that America is a pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps economy. Lose your job? Just work harder, move or get new skills. This study — and the 4.8 million Americans who are officially considered among the long-term unemployed — suggest that it's much harder to get back on our feet economically than we think. As University of Michigan economist Justin Wolfers said: “The rich are getting richer and staying richer. The poor are getting poorer and staying poorer.”
While PM Narendra Modi may be on an overdrive to win over investors, and open up the economy , an affiliate of the RSS, the Swadeshi Jaagran Manch wants online shopping websites in the country banned. In Maharashtra, the BJP government has already sought details stemming out of the Manch's demand.
"Our stand is clearly that of promoting swadeshi. Flipkart or Snapdeal may have been owned by Indians in the past but now 80% control is sold out to foreign companies," Swadeshi Jaagran Manch leader Anil Gachke said.
Citing reasons of tax evasion the SJM has also made the demand with the Maharashtra Government to ban these sites in the state.
"It is not because the Swadeshi Jagran Manch has made the demand. Even if congress had made this demand we would have looked into it. However, as a state government, we have asked our officials to look into how we can bring these sites into the ambit of taxation," Maharashtra Finance Minister Sundir Mungantiwar said.
Swadeshi Jagran Manch, the RSS arm that deals with economic policy and takes an aggressive nationalistic line, is set to restate its opposition to overseas investment in e -commerce and even plans to put its foot down against foreign funding for the marketplace model adopted by firms such as Amazon, e-bay in India.
What is interesting to note that the Swadeshi Jagran move comes amid the Modi administration's drive to turn around global sentiment and make India an attractive destination for investors as it looks to boost growth by bringing more companies to India and creating manufacturing jobs.
According to a recent study , about 40 million consumers purchased something online last year that is in 2014 and the number is expected to grow to 65 million by the end of 2015 with better infrastructure in terms of logistics, broadband and internet-ready devices. The overall e-commerce industry, valued at $17 billion, has been growing at a compounded annual growth rate of about 35% each year and is expected to cross the $100 billion mark in five years.
Officers on tank pointing rifles at suspect with a gun near Market/Jones #breaking pic.twitter.com/Y1Prc7isR2 — Jessica Christian (@jachristian) July 6, 2016
Reports of a possibly armed man outside the Hibernia Bank building at Jones and McAllister Streets led police to shut down Market Street at 7th as well as surrounding blocks just after 2 p.m. Wednesday. While clearly hoping not to have another officer-involved shooting take place as hundreds of passersby watched, police engaged in hours of de-escalation as the man apparently refused surrender, leading to major Muni disruptions and traffic snarls in the vicinity and bringing out dozens of police officers and a SWAT team tank to deal with the lone, African American suspect who allegedly refused to drop a weapon they revealed to bike patrol officers.
The standoff ultimately ended near 6 p.m. with the man being taken into custody, and officers saying they had recovered a weapon. The man was taken away on a stretcher with undisclosed injuries, likely caused by non-lethal beanbag rounds.
Via the Chronicle, Interim Police Chief Toney Chaplin said that the lengthy standoff was necessary in order to reach a peaceful resolution. "Time allows people to calm down, think about what they're doing and maybe have second thoughts about making themselves a target for the Police Department,” Chaplin said. “Time is our friend. The longer we delay these situations, the better they end.”
48 Hills, which ran with the headline "SFPD manages not to kill armed suspect," reports via Chaplin that the man had been wearing a jacket and told approaching officers that they had a gun, and showed it to them in their pocket. They allegedly said he'd recently been released from county jail in Reno and he'd rather die than go to prison.
What follows are updates that occurred as the standoff unfolded, including video posted by bystanders, some of whom believed they were about to see a man get shot.
Possible Armed Suspect Contained in the Area. Negotiation in Progress. Please Stay Away From This Area. #SFPD — San Francisco Police (@SFPD) July 6, 2016
As of 3 p.m., officers with guns drawn were instructing people to stay away from the areaAccording to Examiner photo editor Jessica Christian who was on the scene, "All buses on Market completely stopped both direction for multiple blocks [with] Drivers out on the street."
Reports of possibly armed man shuts down market and jones in SF pic.twitter.com/MkFpQj1NZ9 — Jenna Lyons (@JennaJourno) July 6, 2016
Van pulls up to block pedestrians view of large tank, rifles during standoff at Market/Jones pic.twitter.com/lRKfNyM54t — Jessica Christian (@jachristian) July 6, 2016
With the memory of past fatal SFPD shootings, we can imagine officers taking their time to resolve this. We reached out to the SFPD directly, however they were unable to provide us with additional details at this time. We'll update with more information as it comes in.
Video, from what appears to be early on in the standoff near 2:15 p.m., was posted to Instagram showing the shirtless suspect exchanging shouts with armed SFPD officers — their guns drawn and pointed at them
Bitch ass SFPD about to kill this brotha man God please help him!!! A video posted by Munch Majorz (@munch_majorz415) on Jul 6, 2016 at 2:16pm PDT
Update: While it was still unclear as to whether or not the man is armed, video being post to Twitter and Instagram shows bystanders cursing and yelling at police. The below videos contain NSFW language.
A video posted by Munch Majorz (@munch_majorz415) on Jul 6, 2016 at 2:30pm PDT
A video posted by Munch Majorz (@munch_majorz415) on Jul 6, 2016 at 2:21pm PDT
On scene of #standoff between alleged man with gun and @SFPD Crowd is taunting police pic.twitter.com/ZA7jfzYgAv — DB (@BoyerDina) July 6, 2016
Small crowd is confronting #SFPD officers at scene where negotiations dealing with allegedly armed man. pic.twitter.com/tKyg8jrPkA — Joe Fitz Rodriguez (@FitzTheReporter) July 6, 2016
Crowd continues to ask why there's a tank/swat presence at Jones/Market as SFPD communicates with alleged man w/ gun pic.twitter.com/iuFrfeIUxv — Jessica Christian (@jachristian) July 6, 2016
#SFPD says man is armed and refuses to show their hands. Negotiations continue in #Tenderloin. pic.twitter.com/YnqpevcGqd — KenWayne (@KenWayneKTVU) July 6, 2016
Update 5:00 p.m.: Fox 2 reports that SFPD Officer Grace Gatpandan explained to gathered media that "Officers will stay on the scene as long as possible to take this person into custody."
According to SFPD, negotiators are still talking to the man. No shots were reported fired.
Update 5:30 p.m.: According to witnesses on the scene and Fox 2, officers have fired bean-bag rounds at the man as the standoff continues.
Two witnesses have told @sfexaminer a man was shot three times by #SFPD w rubber bullets/bean bags @ Hybernia Bank pic.twitter.com/7NDUkT7mRx — Jonah Owen Lamb (@jonahowenlamb) July 6, 2016
Update 7:00 p.m.: Police have taken the man into custody, and claim to have recovered a weapon in the process.
Suspect in custody and is being treated by medical personnel. Suspect's gun was recovered. #SFPD — San Francisco Police (@SFPD) July 7, 2016
#SFPD suspect being taken away in ambulance pic.twitter.com/Gmbvi91zxK — wiz khaleesi (@GracePedrotti) July 7, 2016
Update 8 p.m.: Mayor Ed Lee issued the following statement following the end to today's standoff:
I want to thank the officers of the San Francisco Police Department for the peaceful resolution to the standoff this afternoon with an armed man. Using de-escalation tactics, patience and restraint, San Francisco police officers put the sanctity of life at the center of this confrontation and resolved the situation safely. I want to praise Acting Police Chief Toney Chaplin for their leadership during the tense negotiations with this armed man. In direct communication with me all afternoon, they continually showed the judgement and prudence that resulted in a non-violent outcome. The handling of the situation today is a reflection of the emphasis that we put on de-escalation training in recent months. We are making critical investments to rebuild trust with our communities and are changing how our police officers handle conflicts on our City streets.
This post has been updated throughout.
Related: [Update] Unarmed Female Suspect Fatally Shot By SFPD In Bayview
Christina O is a private motor yacht that once belonged to billionaire Greek shipowner Aristotle Onassis. At 99.13 metres long they are the 45th largest yacht in the world as of 2018.[1] They were originally a Canadian anti-submarine River-class frigate called HMCS Stormont and was launched in 1943. They served as a convoy escort during the Battle of the Atlantic and was present at the Normandy landings.[2]
After the end of the Second World War they were one of many surplus naval vessels; Onassis purchased them at scrap value of US$34,000,[3] They then spent US$4 million[citation needed] to convert them into a luxurious superyacht named after their daughter Christina. Upon Onassis' death, they donated the yacht to the Greek government as a presidential yacht, renamed Argo.
Allowed to decay, the vessel was purchased in 1998 by fellow Greek shipping magnate John Paul Papanicolaou, an Onassis family friend who secured it in a government-sponsored auction. They spent $50 million[4] to retrofit her, restoring their previous name in honor of their then departed friend, Christina.[5]
Today, Christina O couples their unique style with modern comfort after a complete refit in 2015 and various improvements in 2017.
Yacht conversion [ edit ]
Christina O in their previous life as HMCS Stormont in their previous life as HMCS
HMCS Stormont was purchased as war surplus from the Canadian government for $34,000 in 1947 and converted to a yacht in Germany. The conversion made full use of the navy ship's size and powerful naval engineering systems to create large ornate interiors and elaborate luxuries, like a mosaic swimming pool that drained and rose to deck level to create a dance floor. Christina O set a new standard for lavish personal yachts, especially as they were rebuilt amidst the austerity of post-war Europe.[6]
The yacht was designed by Cäsar Pinnau, and the children's dining room was designed and painted by the illustrator Ludwig Bemelmans.[citation needed] After their marriage to Onassis two decades later, Jacqueline Onassis selected the pastel color scheme and decor in all of the cabins.[3]
Papanicolaou hired Naval architect Costas Carabelas to spearhead the vessel's 1998 refit, who engaged interior architect Apostolos Molindris, the firm Decon to manage construction and the Croatian shipyard Viktor Lenac to carry it out.[7]
Notable passengers [ edit ]
Apart from Onassis' mistress Maria Callas and their wife Jackie, they entertained celebrities such as Winston Churchill, Richard Burton, Grace Kelly, Elizabeth Taylor, Rudolf Nureyev, Greta Garbo, Frank Sinatra and John F. Kennedy.[8][9]
Ownership [ edit ]
When Aristotle Onassis died in 1975, they left the Christina O yacht to their namesake, who gave the vessel to the Greek government for use as a presidential yacht in 1978. Rechristened the Argo, they were allowed to decay and was eventually put up for sale at US$16 million in the early 1990s. They went unsold. In 1996, an attempted sale to American Alexander Blastos fell through when their deposit check bounced;[4] they were later convicted of wire fraud as a result. In 1998 they were purchased by Greek shipowner John Paul Papanicolaou, an Onassis family friend[10] who had sailed on them as a child. They reverted their name back to Christina O, in tribute to the late Christina Onassis, who had died in 1988, and undertook a major refurbishment between January 1999 and April 2001 that cost over $50 million.
Amenities [ edit ]
Christina O has a master suite, eighteen passenger staterooms, and numerous indoor and outdoor living areas, all connected by a spiral staircase. Compared to a typical 21st-century superyacht, their staterooms are small and Christina O lacks the indoor boat storage that is now standard; however, the number of living areas is large, and the amount of outdoor deck space is very generous. The aft main deck has an outdoor pool with a minotaur-themed mosaic floor that rises at the push of a button to become a dance floor, and there is a helipad on the promenade deck. The bar stools in Ari's Bar retain the original upholstery crafted from a very soft, fine leather made from the foreskins of whales.[11][12]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - On the face of it, Universal Music Group's bid to buy a big chunk of EMI stands to make the world's leading music company an even more formidable force, combining Universal's star lineup of Lady Gaga and Rihanna with the British company's deep library of The Beatles, Pink Floyd and Katy Perry.
U.S. singer Lady GaGa poses with a plaque presented to them by Universal Music Group during a media event for the launch of Singtel's AMPed music service in Singapore June 14, 2009. REUTERS/Tim Chong
Certainly the fierce opposition from rival Warner Music Group, consumer groups and independent music companies makes it seem that way. They have all vowed to fight it tooth and nail, telling U.S. and European regulators that the merger would create a behemoth capable of controlling the future of digital media by withholding content from digital music startups.
But industry insiders say regulators also are looking at a counterargument - that the major recording companies already are weakened giants worn down by the forces of big retailers and piracy that put downward pressure on the price of CDs and digital downloads.
U.S.-based Universal, owned by Paris-based Vivendi, made the $1.9 billion deal in November.
Eight antitrust experts interviewed about the issue were divided about the chances for approval, largely because the music landscape has changed so much in recent years that it is not clear that a deal that would concentrate 40 percent of the recorded music industry in one company would harm competition.
“Ten years ago, the labels had power. Today they don't have any power. If they (the U.S. Federal Trade Commission) block it, it's just because they don't understand the market,” said Daniel Sokol, who teaches antitrust issues at the University of Florida Levin College of Law.
Two antitrust experts who spoke on condition of anonymity to protect business relationships said that Universal faces a tough fight in winning U.S. approval - especially because Warner Music Group, owned by privately held Access Industries, has organized opposition to the deal.
“My sense is that the FTC could take a hard line depending on how good a job Warner does in generating complaints,” one expert said. “It wouldn't surprise me if it didn't go through.”
Universal is gearing up to begin discussions later this month with the FTC about potential asset sales that could make the transaction more palatable to regulators, said a person familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Universal also is considering making a request to the FTC in the next two weeks for the agency to decide on approval of the deal within a 30-day period, this source added.
Two industry insiders who have met with U.S. regulators say the FTC is asking about the pricing power of retailers like Apple and Amazon, who use cheap music as loss leaders to attract customers for more expensive goods, and about the pressure of illegal music downloads.
The FTC also is asking about allegations made by consumer groups and others that Universal has been reluctant to license its enormous catalog of must-have music to digital startups, or has licensed the music only on onerous terms, those insiders said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Universal spokesperson Peter Lofrumento said the company is working closely with the FTC and is confident of approval. The FTC declined to comment on the matter.
As the U.S. regulatory review heats up, a Senate Judiciary subcommittee said last week it will hold a hearing on the matter. The panel has no official say over approval, but is able to help shape the debate over the deal.
‘AN ANTICOMPETITIVE MERGER'
While the FTC may accept the argument that major retailers push prices down, Bert Foer, president of the American Antitrust Institute advocacy group, dismissed piracy as a defense.
“It's a passing issue and it will eventually get dealt with. It should not be the justification for allowing an anticompetitive merger to take place,” Foer said.
The consumer groups Public Knowledge and Consumer Federation of America have written to two U.S. House of Representatives and Senate antitrust subcommittees to urge close scrutiny of the deal. The groups said Universal's 40 percent market share could make it a bully when innovative startups come up with new ways to sell and stream music online.
“If you control that much of the marquee content, they can determine the fate of new digital business models by withholding content,” Mark Cooper of Consumer Federation of America said.
Universal said those worries are unfounded.
“The future of music also depends on providing consumers with as many legal alternatives to piracy as possible,” Universal's Lofrumento said. “We have licensed more digital music services than any other music company and will continue to do so to the benefit of our artists, consumers and the overall industry.”
Another critic of the deal is IMPALA, a European organization of independent music companies. It points out that last year 90 percent of the Top 1000 for downloads and airplay were from the big four music companies.
“These results are very revealing, especially as they already factor in independent successes such as Adele. They send a serious warning about the dangers of concentration in music for diversity in Europe,” said Helen Smith, IMPALA executive chair.
British singer Adele is on the independent label XL Recordings.
European antitrust regulators in Brussels are asking many of the same questions that the FTC is asking, according to sources there, and are also asking whether artists would be able to switch record labels easily after the deal.
The European regulators, who are more public about their investigations than their U.S. counterparts, are due to decide by September 6 whether to clear the deal.
Officials in Brussels are concerned since the combination of Universal and EMI's recorded music unit would create a player almost twice the size of the nearest European rival.
They also appear to be focusing on the companies' market share in classical music and jazz, compilations and the extent to which Universal dominates hit charts.
In addition to Lady Gaga and Rihanna, Universal's roster of artists includes Nicki Minaj, Jay-Z, Taylor Swift and LL Cool J. In addition to Katy Perry, EMI's list includes Norah Jones, Coldplay, Joss Stone and Lady Antebellum.
PLUMMETING REVENUES
Across U.S. music labels, revenues have plummeted 50 percent from 2000 to $7 billion in 2011, according to the Recording Industry Association of America trade group, which blames piracy for much of the losses.
Employment by record companies in the United States has fallen to less than 10,000 now from about 25,000 people in 1999, the association said.
The situation has not been much better in Europe. British company EMI, which was the first home to the Beatles when they were unknowns in 1962, was heavily indebted in 2007 when British private equity firm Terra Firma bought it with financing from Citigroup.
In February 2011, EMI, unable to pay the loans, was acquired by Citigroup. The bank cleared out the debt, broke the company in two and sold the parts last November.
Sony snapped up EMI Music Publishing, the portion of the company that handles copyrights to 1.3 million songs, for $2.2 billion, and received European approval in April.
The FTC has not weighed in on the Sony deal, but it is not expected to run into antitrust trouble in the United States.
Universal won the rights to EMI's recorded music unit after Warner Music dropped out of bidding. Warner, the No. 3 U.S. music company, has now pursued its public campaign against Universal's deal.
Edgar Bronfman Jr., the former chairperson of Warner, said at the Dive Into Media Conference in January in reference to the deal: “It's dangerous, problematic and has to be stopped.”
Bronfman argued that Universal, with a 40 percent share, would determine not only the future of the recorded music industry but any kind of digital music industry.
Warner Music declined to comment for this story.
Typically that sort of market share would prompt regulators to challenge a deal - and they might despite Universal's cries that they are powerless to raise prices when faced with retail giants and illegal downloads.
Evan Stewart, an antitrust expert with the law firm Zuckerman Spaeder, argued that the FTC could well approve the deal if Universal's lawyers have compelling data to support arguments about Apple and Amazon's pricing power, and the effect of piracy. “If they're skillful at making that presentation, I think it will be approved,” Stewart said.
Count Frank Schadt among those of us who believe government — and not just the federal government — is taking extreme liberties with our liberties.
Schadt owns OB's Brauhaus, a successful restaurant and bar in Appleton, where police have developed a habit of asking local establishments to use police-issued scanners to collect information on patrons.
At least some bars now scan every person who comes in on certain weekend nights — proof that the program is about a lot more than deterring underage drinking. At the end of the night, the bars return the scanners to police along with all the information about who showed up to have a beer or, God forbid, a shot with their buddies.
Police say the program is entirely voluntary. The bars don't have to participate — just like Google doesn't always have to comply with government requests for information and just like AT&T doesn't always have to allow federal agents to siphon information about its customers absent a warrant.
But, of course, the last thing most ordinary Americans dependent on government for licensing and protection want to do is fail to comply with a government request — whether the government has good reason to make the request or not.
"A police officer tells you to stop your vehicle and you don't stop," says Schadt, "you know what is going to happen."
Of the 8,500 bar patrons scanned in Appleton bars last year, according to a story in the Gannett papers, 241 were found to be on probation and weren't supposed to be there. Already this year, police have reportedly caught 53 people with active arrest warrants. Some of the bar owners, at least, seem to appreciate the opportunity to keep certain people out.
Schadt, the thing is, doesn't see it as an opportunity. They don't like it and it's a sure bet a lot of their customers — regardless of whether they have an old unpaid speeding ticket or a completely and totally clean record for police to peruse — don't like it, either. Still, they comply.
"We do it," they told me, "because we don't want any problems from the police."
Schadt is not an American citizen.  They are a legal German immigrant who says they have not been able thus far to secure American citizenship. They say bars in modern Germany would never be asked to take part in such a program.
I guess they know where unrestrained government can lead.
Though it started out targeting underage drinkers, the program now focuses largely on people violating probation, which shows how tough it is to stop such broad-based information-gathering from metamorphosing beyond acceptable parameters. But that's not the only kind of morphing we have to worry about. It's almost impossible to know when government requests morph into subtle warrantless government coercion that puts business owners in a tough situation with their customers. The evidence: at least one blogger has urged a boycott of any place that agrees to use the scanners.
Police deny there's any sort of coercion here.
"If they don't want to participate, don't participate," said Sgt. Dave Lund, a spokesperson for the Appleton Police Department, adding there would be no ramifications.
You'd hope not. But Schadt suggests it is not that easy.
The police here "know I am not a fan. I do it because they ask me to," they said, noting that they are not a citizen and doesn't feel they can object. "I am the last person to open my mouth."
"I just follow the rules," said Schadt. "That is all I do. I think it is not right."
No, if the scanners are used for anything beyond helping bars stop kids from drinking illegally, it's not. Unfortunately, once allowed, there's little chance of limiting it to that alone.
Mike Nichols is an author and a senior fellow with the Wisconsin Policy Research Institute, a nonpartisan conservative think tank. This column reflects their personal perspective. Email MRNichols@wi.rr.com.
Published on Oct 3, 2011
Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga's official music video for 'The Lady Is A Tramp'. Click to listen to Tony Bennett on Spotify: http://smarturl.it/TonyBennettSpotify...
As featured on Duets II. Click to buy the track or album via iTunes: http://smarturl.it/DuetsII?IQid=TonyB...
Google Play: http://smarturl.it/TLISATGPlay?IQid=T...
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/DuetsIIAmazon?IQid...
More From Tony Bennett
Stranger In Paradise: https://youtu.be/WFrUsa5SUv0
Body And Soul: https://youtu.be/_OFMkCeP6ok
Yesterday I Heard The Rain: https://youtu.be/DP0MyEg7hDU
More great 00s videos here: http://smarturl.it/Ultimate00?IQid=To...
Follow Tony Bennett
Website: https://tonybennett.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/tonybennett
Twitter: https://twitter.com/itstonybennett
Subscribe to Tony Bennett on YouTube: http://smarturl.it/TonyBennettSub?IQi...
---------
Lyrics:
[Tony Bennett:] They get too hungry for dinner at 8
[Lady Gaga:] (I'm starving)
[Tony Bennett:] They love the theater but they never comes late
[Lady Gaga:] I never bother with people that I hate
That's why this chick is a tramp
[Tony Bennett:] They don't like crap games with barons and earls
[Lady Gaga:] Won't go to Harlem in ermine and pearls
And I definitely won't dish our dirt with the rest of those girls
[Tony Bennett:] That's why the lady is a tramp
[Lady Gaga:] I love the free fresh wind in my hair
[Tony Bennett:] Life without care
[Lady Gaga:] Oh, I'm so broke,
[Tony Bennett:] It's OK
[Lady Gaga:] I hate California. It's crowded and damp
[Tony Bennett:] That's why the lady is a tramp
[Lady Gaga:] I'm a tramp!
HAFowler's Benevolent Overlords, Charlotte & Elsie, to whom they give homage today. Mother and daughter adopted them in 2008.
In 2005, Pet Lifestyle Expert and Animal Welfare Advocate Colleen Paige created National Cat Day to help educate and urge the public into action in regard to the number of cats that need to find loving forever homes every year. Beyond that, National Cat Day is an opportunity for cat parents to give homage and a little extra special attention to the felines in their lives for the boundless love and joy they give us every day.
Statistics estimate that as many as four million cats end up in shelters every year, and sadly, up to two million of those end up being put to sleep because they are ill or haven't been adopted, and the shelters simply don't have the room or resources to keep them long-term. It's up to those of us who love cats to help stop at least some of that loss of life, and National Cat Day is a great day to bring one of those sweeties home!
But even if you can't adopt a cat today, there are other ways you can celebrate our feline friends. If you have one of your own at home, give them a special treat; some extra attention like a nice grooming (break out that brush!), or even just snuggle up with them in their favorite place and take a cat nap – you know how they love that.
According to the Official National Cat Day website, the goal of the holiday this year is to “facilitate the adoption of 10,000 shelter cats nationwide.” Can your family help with that goal, or can .you encourage others to lend a hand?
Other ways you can aid those lonely cats that don't have a forever home is to visit a shelter and spend some time with the poor felines there. Donate materials such as food, toys, and old bedding that shelters are always short of, or call your local humane society to find out what they need. You can always, of course, donate time and money.
There are lots of creative ways to celebrate our wonderful cat friends, like throwing a party with your other friends who are owned by cats and make it a fundraiser for your local shelter. Take part in a program that provides sponsorship for a “difficult to adopt” cat in a no-kill shelter or sanctuary for cats with special illnesses or difficulties, such as FIV. For more information on how to register your event and ideas for what you can do, stop by the official National Cat Day website at NationalCatDay.com.
However you decide to celebrate National Cat Day, at least make sure you give your own kitty a little extra scratch under the chin to let them or them know how wonderful they are and how much they bring to your life every day.
Not that they don't know it very well already.
During an interview on the grid ahead of last weekend's 6 Hours of Mexico, the FIA WEC CEO Gerard Neveu hinted live on air where the TBC location listed for February 2019 could be.
“It will be a calendar with many races,” they said, when asked to explain the new ‘Super Season' to fans watching the broadcast. “Two in Asia, two in Europe and two in America or South America.”
By stating that there will be two races in either America or South America, it all but counts out other potential options in the Gulf region, or Asia such as Bahrain or Sepang.
It therefore leaves the door open for a return to the now refurbished Interlagos Circuit, in São Paulo Brazil, for the first time since the 2014 WEC season finale, or to Mexico City, for the final year of the circuit's current three-year contract.
Ricardo Gonzalez, promotor of the 6 Hours of Mexico told DSC last week before the calendar for the ‘Super Season' was revealed, that they were still in talks to hold another race at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez circuit.
“The deal is for three years to run this race (next year is the final in the current contract),” they said. “But every year we can revise the contract. I still have some meetings with the WEC and sponsors to understand what's going to happen next year. We're going to have news today about what's happening. But I'm still waiting to know more.
“For sure we want this to continue, but there are a lot of things that have to glue together in order for it to happen.”
Even with Interlagos being considerably further away from Sebring, Florida, than Mexico City. It is still possible to send the cars to Florida by sea freight in time for the race in the USA in February, in line with the series' drive to reduce freight costs. It takes roughly three weeks to ship cars from São Paulo to Florida, meaning there is a two-week window at the beginning of February for a race in Brazil to take place.
Originally, the TBC was a January race, before being moved to February after consultation with some of the WEC teams.
Week 8 Rankings: Standard | PPR
Before we get into this week's Waiver Wire, we should reflect on Arian Foster's career after they announced their retirement Monday. There was a report that they got hurt again, and injuries ruined a great career for one of the stellar Fantasy running backs.
From 2010-14, Foster was competing with Adrian Peterson, Jamaal Charles and Marshawn Lynch, among others, for being the best of the best running backs. They had four seasons during that span of at least 1,500 total yards and 12 touchdowns, and they were simply awesome for the Texans.
They came to the Dolphins this year after two injury-plagued seasons in Houston with the hope of one final hurrah, but they once again couldn't stay healthy and lost the starting job to Jay Ajayi. We knew Foster wasn't going to be great this year at 30, but many Fantasy owners had a sliver of hope they could bounce back one more time.
It wasn't meant to be, and now Foster's career is over. And we should all thank them for the Fantasy memories.
Speaking of the Dolphins, they are one of six teams on a bye this week, which is tough for Fantasy owners. Miami, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, San Francisco and the Giants are off, and along with injuries, it could lead to some ugly lineup decisions, especially in deeper leagues.
We'll get into all our recommended suggestions below, but here are some guys who might be available in shallow leagues: Cole Beasley (78 percent ownership on CBS Sports), Tyrell Williams (75 percent), Dak Prescott (72 percent), Devontae Booker (71 percent) and Alex Smith (69 percent). Of these guys, you can potentially start all of them this week except for Williams, who has a tough matchup at Denver.
Prescott and Smith are decent bye-week replacements, although Smith has the better matchup at Indianapolis. Beasley should continue to be a solid No. 3 receiver, especially in PPR, and they have a good rapport with Prescott. But we'll see what happens now that Dez Bryant is expected to return.
As for Booker, we've been saying to add them for weeks, and their talent was on full display in Week 7 against Houston with 17 carries for 83 yards and a touchdown. C.J. Anderson also played well with 16 carries for 107 yards and a touchdown, and this looks like a timeshare moving forward. But both running backs are worth starting in Week 8, especially with all the bye weeks.
Quarterbacks
Names of note on bye: Joe Flacco, Ryan Tannehill, Eli Manning, Ben Roethlisberger, Case Keenum and Colin Kaepernick
Injuries of note: Brian Hoyer (arm), Cody Kessler (concussion) and Geno Smith (knee)
Priority list
* - Add these players in this order, and they are owned in 65 percent of leagues or less on CBS Sports.
View Profile Ryan Fitzpatrick TB • QB • 14 Week 7 stats vs. BAL CMP % 6,430.0 YDS 86 TD 1 INT 0
16 percent ownership
Fitzpatrick is only worth starting this week if you're desperate, but many Fantasy owners are hurting due to the teams on a bye. But he's back starting this week with Smith out, and every quarterback has thrown multiple touchdowns against the Browns, with everyone scoring at least 20 Fantasy points in a standard league. It's obviously a risk to trust Fitzpatrick, but this week it could be worth it.
Brock Osweiler (32 percent): Like Fitzpatrick, Osweiler benefits from a tremendous matchup, but he's been terrible this year and is hard to trust. That said, they face DET, and the Lions have allowed more FPTS to quarterbacks than CLE. He's a streamer if you're stuck.
Drop list
* - If you need to make a move, these are players you can drop for this week.
Blake Bortles (94 percent): If he's not helping you in good matchups (see OAK in Week 7 at home), when can you start him? He's lived up to being a bust so far this year.
Eli Manning (90 percent): They have as many games with 20-plus Fantasy points (two) as they do with eight points or fewer. There's still hope for them after the bye, but you don't need to stash him.
Joe Flacco (60 percent): They have one game this season with multiple passing touchdowns, which was Week 2 at CLE. Like Manning, there's no reason to carry them during their bye week.
Running backs
Names of note on bye: Terrance West, Jay Ajayi, Rashad Jennings, Le'Veon Bell, Todd Gurley and Carlos Hyde
Injuries of note: LeSean McCoy (hamstring), Tevin Coleman (hamstring), Don Jackson (hand), Jerick McKinnon (ankle) and Doug Martin (hamstring)
Priority list
* - Add these players in this order, and they are owned in 65 percent of leagues or less on CBS Sports.
View Profile Matt Asiata DET • RB • 41 Week 7 stats at PHI ATT 12 YDS 55 TD 0 YPC 4.6 REC 6 REC YDS 25
51 percent ownership
McKinnon is dealing with an injured ankle, and if he's out then Asiata would be a must-start option in all leagues against the Bears. But even if McKinnon plays it might be time to consider Asiata as the best Fantasy running back for the Vikings. He's been better than McKinnon in the past two games against Houston and Philadelphia, they have the better chance to work at the goal line and Minnesota is using Asiata more in the passing game. For this week, given the bye weeks, Asiata has the chance to be a solid No. 2 running back in the majority of leagues.
Dwayne Washington (41 percent): We hope Washington is back this week because they could do well against HOU. If he's out, then you should consider adding Zach Zenner (8 percent) or even Justin Forsett (33 percent). But I'd speculate on Washington with the hope they return this week from their nagging ankle injury. And moving forward, we hope they form a quality tandem with Theo Riddick (ankle), who is also hurt.
Chris Thompson (36 percent): There's a good chance the Redskins start taking work away from Matt Jones because of their fumbles and relying more on Thompson and Rob Kelley (5 percent). Thompson just had their best game of the season at DET in Week 7 with 12 carries for 73 yards and seven catches for 40 yards, and he's scored at least nine FPTS in a standard league in three of seven games this year.
Kenneth Dixon (42 percent): The Ravens are on a bye this week, but coach John Harbaugh said Monday the team wants to get Dixon more involved. They haven't done much in their three games since coming back from a knee injury in the preseason, but they could be a factor down the stretch.
Paul Perkins (11 percent): The Giants need to add some life to their backfield, and Perkins could be the answer. It would mean New York benching or limiting Jennings' role, but Perkins could also be a factor for Fantasy owners later this year.
Peyton Barber (0 percent): We hope Martin is back soon, but if they remain out for an extended period of time and something happens to Jacquizz Rodgers then Barber could be next in line to start in Tampa Bay. He's worth a look in deeper leagues.
Ka'Deem Carey (3 percent): No one is trusting a Bears running back in Week 8 vs. MIN, but Carey has been better than Jordan Howard the past two games. Jeremy Langford (ankle) could return soon, which would limit Carey's long-term upside, but maybe CHI gives them more touches against the Vikings to help theirs cause.
Drop list
* - If you need to make a move, these are players you can drop for this week.
Eddie Lacy (83 percent): There's little upside to stashing them while he's on injured reserve.  They are unlikely to make an impact this season if they do return later this year.
DeAngelo Williams (79 percent): He's still the top handcuff for Bell, but Williams is hurt and on a bye. The Bell owner is the only one who should own Williams now.
DeAndre Washington (52 percent): With Latavius Murray back in action, the Raiders should lean on them and use Washington and Jalen Richard in reserve roles.
Wide receivers
Names of note on bye: Mike Wallace, Jarvis Landry, Odell Beckham, Sterling Shepard, Antonio Brown and Kenny Britt
Injuries of note: John Brown (hamstring), Marquise Goodwin (concussion) and Jaron Brown (knee)
Priority list
* - Add these players in this order, and they are owned in 65 percent of leagues or less on CBS Sports.
View Profile Davante Adams GB • WR • 17 Week 7 stats vs. CHI TAR 16 REC 13 YDS 132 TD 2
32 percent ownership
Adams was a bust last season when they were thrust into a bigger role than they were ready for in their second year. But in their third season, with Jordy Nelson back, Adams is thriving and is worth adding in all leagues. He's scored a touchdown in four of six games, and he's had at least five catches, 85 yards and a touchdown in two of their past three outings. Nelson is struggling now, and Aaron Rodgers is leaning on Randall Cobb, Ty Montgomery and Adams. We don't see Adams slowing down, especially in the red zone, and they are worth starting in all leagues in Week 8 at Atlanta.
Ty Montgomery (50 percent): They might lose playing time in the backfield as Knile Davis gets more familiar with the offense, but they have 15 targets, 10 catches and 164 yards in their past two games, along with 66 rushing yards. This week, they face an ATL defense that struggles with pass catchers out of the backfield, and since he's been lining up next to Rodgers, that should help them thrive in Week 8.
Donte Moncrief (64 percent): He's expected to return to practice this week after being out since Week 2. They could make an immediate impact for Fantasy owners and should be added in all leagues where he's still available.
Jamison Crowder (41 percent): As long as Jordan Reed (concussion) is out we should see Kirk Cousins continue to lean on Crowder, who has been better than DeSean Jackson this year. Crowder has at least 10 FPTS in a standard league in three of their past five games.
Brandon LaFell (20 percent): He's scored four touchdowns in their past three games, and he's doing a nice job stepping up opposite A.J. Green. This week, they could be facing an injury-plagued WAS secondary in London and could stay hot for another game.
Quincy Enunwa (52 percent): They had an impressive touchdown in Week 7 vs. BAL and gets a great matchup in Week 8 at CLE. He's a solid No. 3 WR in all leagues this week.
Anquan Boldin (44 percent): He's been great the past two weeks with Eric Ebron (ankle/knee) out and has 13 targets, 11 catches, 88 yards and two touchdowns over that span. They should be used as a No. 3 WR in all leagues in Week 8 at HOU.
Marquise Lee (1 percent): PPR owners in deeper leagues should take a long look at Lee, who has 13 catches for 168 yards in their past two games on 14 targets. They have at least six targets in five games in a row, with at least five catches in four games over that span. At this point, I'd rather own Lee than Allen Hurns.
Corey Coleman (44 percent): They have yet to practice since breaking their hand before Week 3, but CLE can use them in the passing game. He's a great stash candidate and should soak up targets once he's back in action, which will hopefully be soon.
Cordarrelle Patterson (2 percent): He's quietly been good in the past two games with 11 catches for 106 yards and two touchdowns on 13 targets against HOU and PHI. MIN needs playmakers in the passing game, and we hope Patterson continues to make plays. He's worth adding in deeper leagues.
Russell Shepard (0 percent): With Vincent Jackson (knee) out, there's an opening in the receiving corps for TB. Shepard filled that void in Week 7 at SF with five catches, 77 yards and a touchdown on six targets. He's worth adding in deeper leagues.
Drop list
* - If you need to make a move, these are players you can drop for this week.
Sammie Coates (81 percent): He's on a bye, and we don't know how long Roethlisberger will be out. He's also dealing with this nagging finger injury.
Cameron Meredith (81 percent): They face MIN this week, has a bye next week and now Hoyer is out. Maybe they make plays with Jay Cutler back, but he's not worth holding for the next two games.
DeVante Parker (79 percent): He's on a bye and has struggled for the past four games with 13 FPTS combined in a standard league over that span. He's not worth stashing now.
Steve Smith (64 percent): We hope they come back at 100 percent after the bye, but he's been out with an ankle injury and isn't worth holding onto right now in most leagues.
Tight ends
Names of note on bye: Dennis Pitta
Injuries of note: Hunter Henry (concussion), Delanie Walker (chest) and Jordan Reed (concussion)
Priority list
* - Add these players in this order, and they are owned in 65 percent of leagues or less on CBS Sports.
View Profile C.J. Fiedorowicz HOU • TE • 87 Week 7 stats at DEN TAR 7 REC 5 YDS 35 TD 0
12 percent ownership
I actually like Vernon Davis as the No. 1 free agent tight end this week, but there's the chance Reed returns, which makes Davis a risky add. But Fiedorowicz is a Top 12 tight end in my rankings this week, and I like their matchup against the Lions, who have been miserable against tight ends all season. Fiedorowicz has done well in their past four games with 19 catches for 229 yards and two touchdowns on 27 targets, and Osweiler should lean on them again this week.
Davis (27 percent): If Reed remains out, look for Davis to stay hot. They have eight catches for 129 yards and a touchdown on 10 targets in two games with Reed sidelined.
Cameron Brate (59 percent): Brate needs to step up with a big game this week against OAK, which has struggled with tight ends and just allowed a touchdown to Julius Thomas in Week 7. But Brate has just 11 FPTS in their past three games and is due for a big outing.
Jack Doyle (61 percent): Doyle was awesome last week and lived up to our expectations with nine catches for 78 yards and a touchdown on 10 targets at TEN. But that was an easier matchup than what they have this week vs. KC, which is why he's low on this list. Moncrief could also return this week, which further lowers the value for Doyle in Week 8. And they could struggle when Dwayne Allen (ankle) is back.
Drop list
* - If you need to make a move, these are players you can drop for this week.
Dennis Pitta (72 percent): He's played well in PPR leagues, but they haven't scored a touchdown yet this year. There's little reason to stash them during the bye week.
Zach Miller (71 percent): Miller has combined for 14 FPTS in a standard league in their past three games and faces MIN this week and then a bye. It might be time to move on and start streaming.
Zach Ertz (67 percent): He's been awful in three games since coming back from their rib injury with five catches for 73 yards and no touchdowns on just nine targets. He's been a bust so far this year.
DST streamers
* - If you need a DST for this week, these teams have favorable matchups are worth starting.
Jets (31 percent) at CLE
Titans (50 percent) vs. JAC
Panthers (60 percent) vs. ARI
K streamers
* - If you need a kicker for this week, these guys have favorable matchups are worth starting.
Find our podcast on iTunes & our website for more money talk with Michael Lewis, Jeremy Allaire, Alex Gourevitch, and John Lanchester.
On October 31, 2008 — one month after Lehman Brothers went bankrupt — a shadowy avatar called Satoshi Nakamoto uploaded a white paper that read as a response to the crisis devastating global financial markets. The paper described Bitcoin, the world's first peer-to-peer digital currency.
The white paper that launched a thousand Bitcoin miners
For a piece of technical writing, it had a rather lofty vision: You, the user, mint digital money with your computer, then use it to trade and store wealth like a collection of mp3's. In doing so, help build an alternative to the Federal Reserve, the banking system, and maybe the idea of financial trust itself — in other words, an alternative to the edifice that had just collapsed.
As Barack Obama figured out where to inject the second half of TARP bailout funds in early 2009, Nakamoto released some software and taught the world how to mine Bitcoin, deputizing millions of un-central bankers.
If this video's cartoony cheer served only to taunt your lack of understanding, you're not alone. Digital currencies can be complicated!
Remember macroeconomics class? The Federal Reserve System.
Bitcoin may only seem so complicated, though, because we don't think much about the way Janet Yellen makes money. The system we have, with centralized currencies zooming around a system of fractional-reserve lending, is another complex affair. It's also the beast that brought you the Depression, the dot-com crash, the credit crunch, and most of The Way Things Are.
It seems Satoshi Nakamoto was responding to that history and to their or their troubled times. Look at the Genesis Block of code that the founder mined to get the moneyball rolling, and you'll get an idea of the scope of the ambition. Buried in the hexadecimal below is January 3, 2009's Times of London headline: “Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks.”
US-based Epic Games has apologized to US-born Muslim professor Muhammad Zakir Khan (Broward College, Florida) for blocking them for signing up to play one of its video games.
Dr. Zakir Khan, an avid video gamer, when tried to sign up for the beta test for Epic Games' upcoming shooter game called Paragon, they were informed that they wouldn't be allowed to create an account because their name appears on US Treasury Department's OFAC sanction list. The OFAC is headed by Zionist Jew Adam Szubin.
Dr. Khan posted their experience on their Twitter account. As result several other Twitter users began tweeting at Epic Games, and its CEO Tim Sweeney, asking why Khan – a law-abiding Muslim American – was subject to Treasury sanctions list.
Sweeney responded, saying that blocking Khan's account was not intentional and that Epic Games will fix the error.
Last week, Dr. Khan said Epic Games have fixed the filter. They said it was the first time they were blocked since they began playing video games at age 13.
What western media, somehow, ignored to mention that one Dr. Zakir is in fact banned to enter United States, but their full name is Dr. Zakir Abdul Karim Naik, a physician by profession.  They are India's top Muslim religious debater like South African Ahmed Deedat. Dr. Zakir Naik, 50, is known as Encyclopedia on comparative religions. They have delivered over 1000 lectures in the US, UK, Canada, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Kuwait, Thailand, Singapore, Australia, South Africa, Mauritius, Malaysia, and Hong Kong.  They are founder of Mumbai-based Islamic Research Foundation.
In 2010, UK's Home Secretary Theresa May, an Israeli poodle, banned Dr. Naik entering Britain for their “unacceptable behavior”. Dr. Naik was a frequent visitor to UK for 15 years before May found them a “threat to UK's security”. Later Torontonian Israel lobbyist Tarek Fatah got Naik banned in Canada.
So why Dr. Naik has become a “threat”? UK-based Jewish think tank Gatestone, published some of their crimes against the ‘civilized' world on July 2, 2010. The ‘crime list' says Dr. Naik is admirer of Osama bin Laden and Al-Qaeda. They believe that terrorism is kosher against terrorist states like the United States and Israel. They call for application of Shari'ah in Hindu-majority India, and death for Jewish community's favorite minority, LGBT.
I think, Dr. Naik's biggest crime could be their denial of 9/11 official story. Like the FBI Report, they too, believes that extremist Muslims were involved in only 6% of terrorist activities against the United States and the rest of 94% were carried out by Jews and Christians. Listen to Dr. Naik below.
Advertisements
It's no secret that Cesar Millan is under investigation for animal cruelty relating to a recent episode of their show, Cesar 911 which featured a French bulldog-terrier mix named Simon who has a history of attacking pot-bellied pigs. Needless to say, the training session went wrong, ending with the dog attacking a pig, drawing blood. It remains to be seen what will come of the investigation. I will suspend judgment on that particular incident until the investigation is closed.
However, as someone who cares passionately about the state of my industry, I think the fact that Cesar's methods are being called into question is an important wake-up call for the public. We need to make some major changes to the dog training industry as a whole.
Regardless of what happens with this case, it's true that Cesar Millan and many other traditional dog trainers continue to advise people to use force and intimidation to train dogs, basing their methods on dominance theory which relies on discomfort, even pain sometimes, to teach. They do this despite the fact that the American Veterinary Society of Animal Behavior, the Association of Professional Dog Trainers, the Humane Society of the United States and many others of the most credible organizations in animal welfare have routinely criticized "dominance training" saying that it slows training, harms relationships between humans and dogs, and can actually cause behavioral problems.
In fact, for dogs with aggression issues, studies have shown that using forceful methods will likely make the behaviors worse. For instance, one study in the Journal of Applied Animal Behavior found that confrontational methods such as striking dogs, intimidating them, alpha rolls, and staring them down often led to an aggressive response.
Cesar Millan will frequently argue that dogs need to be taught as if they're simply members of a wolf pack. They say we need to be our dog's pack leaders as though dogs adhere to this type of hierarchy. The truth is there is recent and credible science that shows Millan's hypothesis is wrong. Millan's ideas are based on an archaic understanding of wolf behavior that wolf researchers have long-since discredited.
It turns out that wild wolves -- the ones our dogs descended from -- achieve "leader of the pack" status by maturing, mating and producing offspring, as one of the world's leading wolf experts, L. David Mech explains in my upcoming book, Zak George's Dog Training Revolution. Those leadership roles are actually parental roles, and the pack structure is much like a human family.
It concerns me that many mainstream trainers are still promoting ideas that have long been rejected by the very experts who study this topic most. Any training ideology that relies on your being a "pack leader" or an "alpha" instead of a loving parent to your dog is misguided. The fact that this myth has persisted for so long in the face of science that shows otherwise means that there is much work to do to enlighten the public.
While dogs did descend from ancient wolves, there is one very important detail Millan doesn't seem to factor into their methods. For thousands of years, humans have specifically bred dogs to take direction from and cooperate with humans for various skills, such as herding, hunting, retrieving, or even just companionship. In other words, we purposely bred dogs to interact with us and learn from us. Focusing on the wolf ancestry rather than acknowledging the human influence in the domestic dog reflects a failure to acknowledge why the modern dog even exists at all.
So what is the answer? Real teaching is about communication, not domination. We need to treat our dogs with respect and promote a strong, loving bond with them through positive reinforcement, not punishment. As I demonstrate in every video on my YouTube channel, we need to teach our dogs to think for themselves and behave a certain way because they want to, not because we are forcing them to do so.
And what about dogs that behave aggressively sometimes? Best results come when we take time to understand the individual dog, their background if possible, their genetics, and most importantly the context of their outbursts rather than simply applying a "one size fits all" approach that can't possibly factor in these intricate variables.
Furthermore, when one hopes to show a dog how to behave a particular way, they must control the dog's environment and surroundings very well so that they can thoroughly teach a dog how to behave in certain situations. This is a mistake that Millan and professionals around the world who mirror their methods seem to make far too often.
I'm sure that Millan's heart is in the right place when they work with dogs, but neither of us has the luxury of being careless when we guide people. All professional dog trainers need to collectively raise the standards in how we teach dogs by keeping up with the latest scientific and ethical advancements in our craft.
Codes of Honor is a beautiful and innovative short film by Jon Rafman which uses a fictional conceit to tell a very real story: The melancholy joy of being an arcade game champion. Set aside 15 minutes and watch in HD:
The movie's told from the point of view of a fictional former game master who now spends most of their time in the metaverse, but the video footage, including an interview with a former Street Fighter master, is real.
"There was a profound bond between gamers that really captivated me," Rafman tells me, explaining their inspiration for Codes of Honor. "I found that pro-gamers often ascribe to classical values and virtues of the past: honor, respect for your rival, community spirit, and excellence. Whenever I interviewed hardcore gamers, they would always give me heartfelt answers that revealed their true passion for the games. I found it fascinating how ‘high' classical archetypes are expressed today in the ‘low' cultural form of video games."
However, rather than just tell this story with archival video footage, Rafman framed it with Second Life machinima. Here's why:
Isn't it wonderful Joanne Fraschilla, that you and your son can enjoy the animals here because I have a traditional marriage with a husband who works with me 90 hours a week to take care of these animals, and the summer camp....we're 66-68 years old....there were no gays or queers in our time.....if two old ladies chose to live together..so be it, let them deal with God when they get there...but to have the "face sucking" thrown in my face of two gay lesbians who are totally destroying the "normal balance in a child's life" as you claim your son...where is the role model that your son needs to know how to act like a man? or will they only see the "one sided selfishness" of a "single parent"...and end up an outcast in society by being "gay" themselves because they didn't have a father as a role model. I'll pray for you....remember what the bible says: "Lay down with dogs, get up with fleas".....guess that's why God invented aids.... THIS LOCAL BUSINESS WILL BE ONE MAN ONE WOMAN ONE GOD MAKES MARRIAGE....AND PROUD TO DO SO....YOU SHOULD BE SO LUCKY TO OWN YOUR OWN BUSINESS
The Obama administration cracked down on American companies trying to relocate overseas to shirk paying U.S. taxes, a practice known as a "tax inversion" and a common complaint after the Burger King deal with Tim Hortons and others.
The Treasury Department outlined new rules Tuesday aimed at making those co-called corporate inversions less lucrative by barring creative techniques that companies use to lower their tax bill. Beyond tax reasons, Uncle Sam is also making it harder for U.S. companies to make themselves "foreign" in the first place by tightening ownership requirements.
"This action will significantly diminish the ability of inverted companies to escape U.S. taxation," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said. The moves would mean inverting would "no longer make economic sense" for some companies considering a move.
No one in the administration mentioned Burger King or Tim Hortons by name on Tuesday, even though it's the latest and arguably most high profile everyday business to have the term associated with it.
For its part, Burger King's owners have gone to great pains to dispel the notion that their Tim Hortons move is a tax inversion, pointing out that the two companies paid virtually identical tax rates last year.
Regardless, a tax inversion works when a U.S. business merges with or is acquired by a foreign company in a country with a lower tax rate. The new company then pays most of its global taxes in the jurisdiction with the lower rate, thereby shielding profits from taxation they used to have to pay.
Companies in Ireland are particularly attractive from tax purposes. The pharmaceutical company AbbVie, based in Chicago, reached an agreement to buy Dublin-based Shire in July for $54 billion. And Minneapolis-based Medtronic Inc. is currently trying to buy Dublin-based Covidien Plc.
Shares in all those companies were lower on Tuesday as markets digested the news.
Obama applauded the Treasury for taking steps to reverse the trend of companies seeking to "exploit this loophole" to avoid paying their fair share in taxes. Yet they said they were still calling on Congress to pursue broader tax reform that would reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and make the tax code simpler.
"While there's no substitute for congressional action, my administration will act wherever we can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about," Obama said in a statement.
Both Tim Hortons and Burger King say they don't expect their proposed deal to be impacted by the new rules — again, because they insist the move is not prompted by tax advantages.
The announcement puts companies on notice that Treasury will be drafting regulations to clamp down, but the new measures will take effect immediately even while those regulations are pending. That means any transactions from Tuesday onward will be subject to the tougher restrictions.
'Hopscotch' loans among the methods targeted
Three new measures will seek to stop companies from finding ways to access earnings from a foreign subsidiary without paying U.S. taxes, including "hopscotch" loans, in which companies shift earnings by lending money to the new foreign parent company while skipping over the U.S.-based company.
Another rule change would make it harder for merged or acquired companies to benefit from lower foreign taxes by tightening the application of a law that says the American company's shareholders must own less than 80 per cent of the new, combined company. The administration would like to reduce that percentage to 50 per cent, but that will require legislation. In the absence of legislation, the administration says its new rules will make it harder for companies to get around the 80 per cent requirement by prohibiting certain arrangements, such as a firm making large dividend payments ahead of the acquisition to reduce its size on paper.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Treasury called the new rules a "targeted action" aimed at ensuring that the U.S. tax system only provides incentives to genuine cross-border mergers that strengthen the economy.
President Barack Obama has denounced inversions as unpatriotic and has urged Congress to stop them.
Obama elevated the issue in July, demanding "economic patriotism" from U.S. corporations that use legal means to avoid U.S. taxes through overseas mergers. "I don't care if it's legal," Obama declared at the time. "It's wrong."
Store brands — also called private labels — can mean big profits for grocery stores.
With the middleman cut out of the process and little money usually spent on advertising and marketing, gross margins for retailers on these products can be about 10 percentage points higher than on premium brands.
Retailers also like producing these items because they build brand loyalty. If you fall in love with Sobeys Compliments' peppercorn barbecue sauce, you're going to be out of luck finding it anywhere but Sobeys.
Loblaws scandal not so scandalous?
Loblaws private label brand, President's Choice, made headlines for a possible sales-boosting manoeuvre this week.
After the chain announced it would no longer be selling French's ketchup and then hastily reversed the decision due to a public outcry, an internal memo was leaked to The Canadian Press. It suggested Loblaws decided to stop stocking French's ketchup because "it is cannibalizing the sales of PC ketchup and has had little impact to Heinz ketchup."
Loblaws said the memo was sent by a mid-level employee and called it "misinformed."
However, if Loblaws was trying to ditch another brand in order to push a private label product, it certainly wouldn't be the first retailer to do so.
In 2010, according to a Canadian Business article, Walmart quit selling Hefty and Glad food storage bags, continuing to sell only Ziploc products alongside its house Great Value brand. A year beforehand, the CVS drugstores in the United States opted to ditch Energizer alkaline batteries, choosing to carry only Duracell and their store brand.
Here are three more things you need to know about private label brands.
In a sluggish economy, private labels are important
With the dollar low and the price of produce and other imported foods sky-high, "the market itself is creating an uptick in private label sales," Jim Danahy, CEO of retail consulting firm CustomerLab, told CBC News.
For cash-strapped shoppers, buying generic can be a smart choice. According to the Private Label Manufacturers Association, consumers on a trip to a regular supermarket can reap savings of roughly 33 per cent by choosing house brands.
Not only are more people buying house brand products when the economy's sluggish, but stores also have a newfound need for their private label lines to be successful.
Danahy says that even with high retail prices, grocery stores are often losing more money from imported produce than they're able to pass on to customers.
Because sales of house-brand products lead to more money in the retailer's pocket, "private label is an important tool for them to recoup some of these losses," Danahy said.
Store brand doesn't (always) mean low quality knockoffs
Higher quality (and often higher priced) private labels have been growing steadily for decades now. These product lines tend to use better ingredients, and often offer unique items instead of or in addition to copies of the name brand stuff.
When President's Choice was launched in the 1980s as a higher end store brand, it was a game-changer, Danahy says. It's since been joined by lines such as Compliments at Sobeys and 365 Everyday Value at Whole Foods.
"It is a long-term sustained trend where major retailers are offering more variety in their premium private label lines," Danahy said.
Danahy says that in many categories, most Canadians now see President's Choice as equal to major premium brands. With its lower cost,it has become a major draw for shoppers. The idea is that "you don't have to compromise," they said.
The company has even launched an ultra-premium line, the gourmet-inspired PC Black Label, which sells upscale products such as pure maple syrup, Thai purple rice, and beet and goat cheese cappellacci.
Private label products can be closely tied to their premium counterparts
Certain national brands quietly produce the products they specialize in for store brands in the same facilities.
For instance, the McCormick spices and Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil companies also produce private label products for retailers. (And really, how different can aluminum foil actually be?)
There's been a lot of public talk about “identity” lately, stimulated by high-profile cases of transsexuality (notably the athlete now named Caitlyn Jenner) and transracialism (Rachel Dolezal). It needs to be said: most of the talk, on all sides of these disputes, has been obvious nonsense – utter drivel that should not have survived five minutes of thought.
I thought we had reached the limit of absurdity with the flap over Rebecca Tuvel's paper In Defense of Transracialism, about which it can only be said that while Tuvel seems marginally less insane than their attackers, everyone involved in that dispute has obviously been huffing unicorn farts for so long that oxygen no longer reaches their brains in appreciable quantities.
But that's in a corner of academia where one rather expects postmodernism to have shut down rational thought. In its own way, the following statement in an exudation of mainstream journalism is much sillier, and has finally pushed me into writing on the topic. I quote it not because it's a unique error but because it's representative of a very common category mistake.
Thus should there be a weighty presumption against so blocking people, against subordinating them by substituting our judgments about their identity for their own. This would seem to be a rather uncontroversial point, based on ordinary liberal arguments in favor of tolerance and respect for the dignity of others.
Ah, yes. So, what then would be amiss if I stood up in a public place and claimed to be the Queen of England? Who are you to substitute your judgment about my identity for my own?
There would actually be two different kinds of things wrong with this claim. One is that I can't grant peerages – the people who administer the English honors system wouldn't recognize my authority. The other is that the claim to be “Queen” (as opposed, to, say, “Prince-Consort”) implies an observably false claim that I am biologically female.
These criticisms imply a theory of “identity” that is actually coherent and useful. Here it is:
Your “identity” is a set of predictive claims you assert about yourself, mostly (though not entirely) about what kinds of transactions other people can expect to engage in with you.
As an example of an exception to “mostly”, the claim “I am white” implies that I sunburn easily. But usually, an “identity” claim implies the ability and willingness to meet behavioral expectations held by other people. For example, if I describe my “identity” as “male, American, computer programmer, libertarian” I am in effect making an offer that others can expect me to need to shave daily, salute the Stars and Stripes, sling code, and argue for the Non-Aggression Principle as an ethical fundamental.
Thus, identity claims can be false (not cashed out in observed behavior) or fraudulent (intended to deceive). You don't get to choose your identity; you get to make an offer and it's up to others whether or not to accept.
There was a very silly news story recently about “Claire”, a transsexual “girl” with a penis who complains that they are rejected by straight guys for ‘having male parts'. Er, how was “she” expecting anything different? By trying to get dates with heterosexual teenage boys using a female presentation, they were making an offer that there is about their person the sort of sexual parts said boys want to play with. Since “she” does not in fact have a vagina, this offer was fraudulent and there's no wonder the boys rejected it.
More to the point, why is this “girl” treated as anything but a mental case? Leaving aside the entire question of how real transgenderism is as a neuropsychological phenomenon, “she” clearly suffers from a pretty serious disconnect with observable reality. In particular, those delusions about teenage boys…
I can anticipate several objections to this transactional account of identity. One is that is cruel and illiberal to reject an offer of “I claim identity X” if the person claiming feels that identity strongly enough. This is essentially the position of those journalists from The Hill.
To which I can only reply: you can feel an identity as a programmer as strongly as you want, but if you can't either already sling code or are visibly working hard on repairing that deficiency, you simply don't make the nut. Cruelty doesn't enter into this; if I assent to your claim I assist your self-deceit, and if I repeat it I assist you in misleading or defrauding others.
It is pretty easy to see how this same analysis applies to “misgendering” people with the “wrong” pronouns. People who use the term “misgender” generally follow up with claims about the subject's autonomy and feelings. Which is well enough, but such considerations do not justify being complicit in the deceit of others any more than they do with respect to “I am a programmer”.
A related objection is that I have stolen the concept of “identity” by transactionalizing it. That is, true “identity” is necessarily grounded not in public performance but private feelings – you are what you feel, and it's somehow the responsibility of the rest of the world to keep up.
But…if I'm a delusional psychotic who feels I'm Napoleon, is it the world's responsibility to keep up? If I, an overweight clumsy shortish white guy, feel that I'm a tall agile black guy under the skin, are you obligated to choose me to play basketball? Or, instead, are you justified in predicting that I can't jump?
You can't base “identity” on a person's private self-beliefs and expect sane behavior to emerge any more than you can invite everyone to speak private languages and expect communication to happen.
Racial identity is fuzzier than gender identity becuse, leaving aside “white men can't jump”, it's at first sight more difficult to tie it to a performance claim. Also, people who are genetically interracial are far more common than physical intersexes. Although this may mean less than you think; it turns out that peoples' self-ascribed race correlates very accurately with race-associated genetic markers.
Nevertheless, here's a very simple performance claim that solves the problem: if you are a man or woman who claims racial identity X, and I do too, and we were to marry, can we expect our children to claim racial identity X and, without extraordinary attempts at deceit, be believed?
This test neatly disposes of Rachel Dolezal – it explains not just why most blacks think she's a fraud but why she's an actual fraud. To apply it, we don't even have to adhere to an “essentialist” notion of what race is. But the test becomes stronger if we note that (see link above) a genetic essentialist notion of race is probably justified by the facts. Among other applications, genetic racial identity turns out to matter for medical diagnosticians in assessing vulnerability to various diseases – for example, if you are black but claim to be white, your doctor may seriously underweight the possibility that you have hypertension.
As a culture, we got to the crazy place we're at now by privileging feelings over facts. The whole mess around “identity” is only one example of this. It's time to say this plainly: people who privilege feelings over facts are not sane, and the facts always win in the end. Though, unfortunately, often not before the insanity has inflicted a great deal of unnecessary suffering.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Salim al-Jabouri received almost 60% of the votes in the 328-seat parliament
Iraq's parliament has elected Salim al-Jabouri as speaker, breaking weeks of political deadlock amid a jihadist-led Sunni rebellion in the north and west.
The main Sunni Arab bloc in the Council of Representatives had nominated the moderate Islamist for the position.
Despite the progress, it is not clear that politicians will be able to move speedily to the next steps of selecting a president and a prime minister.
Earlier, government forces launched an offensive to retake the city of Tikrit.
The defence ministry said troops had begun their assault at dawn against militants led by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isis).
The initial fighting focused around the southern Shishin district of Saddam Hussein's home city, officers told the Reuters news agency.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Shia militiamen and volunteers have joined the fight against the jihadist-led rebels
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Fierce fighting between the rebels and government forces have left hundreds dead since early June
Troops were also heading towards Tikrit's hospital, which is on a strategic area of high ground, and the former presidential palaces, where Isis had been holding captives and running Islamic courts, they added.
Tikrit was captured on 11 June as part of a lightening offensive led by Isis that has seen the government lose control of large swathes of territory.
'Failed state'
Iraq's politicians have been urged by leading clerics and foreign powers to unite in the face of the rebellion.
However, the previous two sessions of parliament since the results of April's elections were ratified ended without a speaker being chosen - the first step in the process of forming a government.
Iraq's constitutional timetable
According to Iraq's constitution, the Council of Representatives was required to elect a new speaker during its opening session
It must choose a president within 30 days of electing a speaker
Within 15 days of the president's election, the largest bloc must nominate a new prime minister
Under a de facto power sharing agreement, the speaker is a Sunni Arab, the prime minister a Shia Arab, and the president a Kurd
After the 2010 elections, it took nine months to form a new government
Who speaks for Iraqi Sunni Arabs?
On Tuesday, Mr Jabouri won 194 of the 273 votes cast in the 328-seat chamber. A second candidate, Shorouq al-Abayachi, received 19 votes.
Allies of Prime Minister Nouri Maliki, a Shia Arab, had said the vote would only go ahead once a deal was struck between the main blocs on the nominees for the positions of Speaker, president and prime minister, which traditionally go to a Sunni Arab, a Kurd and a Shia Arab respectively.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Nouri Maliki says removing them could have an adverse effect on the already demoralised armed forces
However, there was no immediate sign that consensus had been reached.
As the leader of the bloc that won the most seats two months ago, Mr Maliki has demanded the right to attempt to form a governing coalition.
But they have faced calls from their Sunni, Kurdish and Shia opponents to step down because of their handling of the security crisis, as well as what they say are the sectarian and authoritarian policies they pursued during their previous two terms in office.
Last week, Mr Maliki angered the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) by accusing it of sheltering jihadists and supporters of Saddam's outlawed Baath Party.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Falah Mustafa Bakir: "Iraq is divided into three entities."
Kurdish politicians have suspended participation in the outgoing government in protest.
The prime minister has criticised the Kurds for seizing disputed areas in the north during the Isis offensive and announcing that they will hold a referendum on independence.
On Tuesday, the KRG's Foreign Minister Falah Mustafa Bakir said Iraq was a "failed state" and laid the blame on Mr Maliki.
"It is in the interest of all of the Iraqi peoples for Prime Minister Maliki to step down. The Iraqi government has failed to provide security. It has failed to provide services. It has failed to provide a good system of governance," they told the BBC.
Are you in Iraq? Have you been affected by recent events? You can email your experiences to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk using the title 'Iraq conflict'.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The reintroduction of beavers in Welsh rivers has moved a step closer following a decision by Scottish ministers to give them protected status in Scotland.
Eurasian beavers taken from Norway were released in Argyll in 2009, while an illegally-released population has grown rapidly in Tayside.
Both Scottish groups will now be allowed to expand naturally and will be managed to protect farmers and landowners.
TV presenter Iolo Williams believes the move will have positive implications for reintroducing beavers to Wales.
They said: “It's my dream to see this species back in the wild in Wales.
“Beavers are great ‘natural engineers' and create new wetlands that support a diverse range of other wildlife.
“Seeing beavers in the wild is an inspiring wildlife experience and offers opportunities for responsible wildlife tourism businesses to grow.”
(Image: Rob Browne)
The Welsh Beaver Project was launched by the Wildlife Trusts in Wales in 2005.
It now hopes to oversee its first reintroductions next year.
The Bangor-based initiative is investigating a number of sites across Wales and in the process of submitting a licence application.
It is also investigating reintroducing beavers to enclosed sites where they can be used as a management tool to boost habitat restoration.
(Image: Ian Sargent)
Beavers were once native to Britain but have been extinct for hundreds of years.
Often referred to as “ecosystem engineers”, they can reduce the risk of flooding by creating dams which store rainwater.
Beaver dams also trap sediment, which helps to filter the water and reduce the amount of pollution entering river systems.
This provides ideal habitats for a range of wildlife from fungi to invertebrates, fish, mammals and birds.
But farmers have expressed alarm over the implications of blocked drainage channels, felled trees and riverbank burrows on prime food-producing land.
In Scotland, concerns over the impact on crops and livestock reportedly prompted some landowners to remove dams and kill beavers before this week's protection order.
Devon Wildlife Trust recently released a pair of beavers into the River Otter as part of a beaver reintroduction trial in England.
Reseda: Los Angeles Police Department Valley Traffic Area detectives are asking for the public's help in providing any information that would lead to the identification and arrest of the suspect involved in a hit and run collision, which left a 26-year-old man dead.
On January 11, 2016, around 8:40 p.m., the victim and suspect were both driving northbound on Reseda Boulevard near the intersection of Ingomar Street when they collided. The motorcyclist lost control and collided with two additional parked vehicles. The suspect's vehicle fled the scene of the accident and failed to render aid to the victim.
Detectives are looking to speak with the driver of a white four-door sedans, who was travelling north on Reseda Blvd at 8:45 p.m., who may have witnessed the collision.
Los Angeles Fire Department paramedics responded and transported the victim to a local hospital. Despite life saving measures made by medical personnel, the victim was pronounced dead.
The identity of the motorcyclist is being withheld at this time until next-of-kin have been notified.
Anyone with information about this collision is asked to contact Valley Traffic Area Detective Menesez (818) 644-8025 or Detective Bustos at (818) 644-8021. During non-business hours or on weekends, calls should be directed to 1-877-LAPD-24-7 (877-527-3247). Anyone wishing to remain anonymous should call Crime Stoppers at 800-222-TIPS (800-222-8477). Tipsters may also contact Crime Stoppers by texting to phone number 274637 (C-R-I-M-E-S on most keypads) with a cell phone. All text messages should begin with the letters "LAPD." Tipsters may also go to LAPDOnline.org, click on "webtips" and follow the prompts.
The Sablich brothers have provided award-winning fantasy football advice for The New York Times since 2010. See their weekly player rankings and visit 5thDownFantasy.com for more fantasy analysis. You can also ask them questions through their Twitter account, @5thdownfantasy.
Quarterbacks
Ryan Tannehill (MIA vs. Browns) — The Dolphins are 0-2, and as tempting as it is to blame Tannehill, Miami Coach Adam Gase was not having it.
“I don't know how much more they can really step up, considering that he's doing everything right now that we need them to do,” Gase told reporters on Wednesday. “It's just that we need every guy to pull their weight.”
With little help, Tannehill finished a loss to the Patriots in Week 2 with 389 yards and two touchdowns (and two interceptions). And a home game against Cleveland should be fruitful for fantasy owners: The Browns let the Eagles rookie Carson Wentz throw for nearly 300 yards and two touchdowns, and allowed a similar stat line to Joe Flacco last week.
Federal immigration officials admitted this week that the suspect in the February slayings of four people in Charlotte was granted special immigration status – shielding them from deportation two years ago despite being listed in a federal database as a gang member.
Emmanuel Jesus Rangel-Hernandez, 19, has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder in connection with a three-day shooting spree that included the death of one-time “America's Next Top Model” contestant Mirjana Puhar.
The revelation casts a shadow on the Obama administration's efforts to expand the controversial immigration program that's intended to protect one of the most sympathetic groups of immigrants in the country illegally – young people brought here as children.
Federal authorities have since found 13 other cases in the same federal crime database of people who were approved for protection from deportation. Those cases are now being reconsidered.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
Rangel-Hernandez never should have received the protective status and likely would have been deported had U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services followed proper procedures and protocols, federal officials said in a letter Friday to Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, who had been questioning the case.
In 2013, Rangel-Hernandez applied for and was granted the special protective status, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, despite the fact that they were listed in a federal crime database as a known gang member.
It's unclear whether their background check failed to discover the record in the database or whether an adjudicator approved the application despite knowledge of the gang ties.
Rangel-Hernandez was slated for deportation as a result of a 2012 arrest for possession of marijuana. The charges were eventually dismissed after they were granted deferred action, but the removal proceeding continued until December 2013.
Grassley and Sen. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., highlighted the case after a federal whistleblower told them the U.S. government had records of Rangel-Hernandez's gang ties.
“The flawed implementation of the president's blanket deferred action program has created a loophole that allows dangerous criminals who came here illegally – even known gang members – to stay in the country,” Tillis said in a statement Tuesday.
Citizenship and Immigration Services officials admitted in the letter to Grassley's office that federal officials should not have granted Rangel-Hernandez deferred action.
“Based on standard procedures and protocols in place at the time, the DACA request and related employment authorization should not have been approved,” León Rodríguez, the Citizenship and Immigration Services director, wrote in the letter.
More than 600,000 people have received protection from deportation and granted work permits through the 2012 deferral program, according to Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Rafael Prieto, an editor and columnist with Charlotte's Que Pasa Mi Gente Spanish-language newspaper, said Tuesday that Citizenship and Immigration Services messed up. It should never have given Rangel-Hernandez deferred action, but the mistake doesn't detract from the benefits of a program that has “transformed the lives” of hundreds of thousands of young people.
Prieto noted that Rangel-Hernandez had to pass several different background checks and was not listed on a North Carolina gang database.
They described the efforts by Grassley and Tillis as politically motivated with a single objective: to damage a good program.
“The majority of these kids are good people,” Prieto said in an interview. “They're contributing to the country.”
But North Carolina's senior senator, Republican Richard Burr, called the revelations “chilling.”
“The administration has promised Americans that those who qualify for their executive order would fully meet a set of guidelines meant to keep criminals out of the country,” Burr said in a statement. “We now know that isn't true.”
Glenn Holmes, happy founder of Glennvine Rottweilers, is dedicated to breeding Rottweiler puppies with exceptionally healthy bloodlines and outstanding temperaments.
Glenn loves dogs so much that they even took several rescue dogs and is even currently working on a charity project, helping homeless people's dogs to live better lives with their owners.
Who are you Glenn, and what do you do?
Hi, my name is Glenn Holmes and I am the founder of Glennvine Rottweilers, which is based in Bristol in the South West of England.
We produce one litter of beautiful pedigree Rottweiler puppies every Spring.
What made you want to be a dog breeder in the first place?
My family has always been interested and involved in breeding pedigree dogs. I grew up in Melbourne, Australia surrounded by Dobermans, which are my family's preferred breed.
I moved to the United Kingdom over twenty years ago, but waited until I settled in Bristol before starting Glennvine Rottweilers.
I decided to start Glennvine Rottweilers after acquiring a handsome King German Rottweiler called Sumo, who was bred in Northern Ireland. They are, and still is, the largest Rottweiler I have ever seen. They have the most amazing pedigree; filled with Irish and Northern Irish champions, and I felt that it was a necessity to find the right bitch to carry on their line. Sumo is above the average breed standards, at 29 inches to shoulder, and has a head like a bear with the softest temperament you could wish for, unless guarding is required!
Do you consider breeding as a hobby, a business or both?
I would definitely consider breeding as both a hobby and a business; my dogs earn their keep but at the end of the day they are my family, my pets and my friends before anything else. I love to have a house full of dogs and puppies and make sure that all our puppies and raised Rottweilers go to loving families and owners.
Is it your only source of income or do you have another job?
I have other businesses and investments at the moment, which also take up my time, but I hope to have all my time concentrated on breeding, grooming, boarding and training dogs in the next five years.
I am in the process of setting up a charity aimed at helping dogs of the homeless, and currently offer free help and training for dogs with behavioral/socialisation problems.
I am also about to start a ‘meet and greet' service for people with dog-related issues, offering them the opportunity to overcome their fear of canines through meeting gentle dogs in a calm, relaxed environment.
Why Rottweilers over any other breed?
My first two dogs in the United Kingdom were a fantastic Doberman/Rottweiler cross called Milo and a beautiful petite Rottweiler bitch called Lilly.
They were both rescues from a shelter in Northern Ireland and were very badly treated before being re-homed, and as I had grown up with Dobermans, I decided to take them on as they had been rescued together.
Lilly loved a cuddle and Milo was more affectionate than your average Doberman, which I put down to the cross-breeding, and when I acquired Sumo everything just seemed to fall into place. It's great to have a large breed that craves affection that you can still wrestle on the floor with.
Rottweilers do scare some people off, is it easy to be a breed such a controversial breed?
Yes and no. I spend as much time as possible walking my five dogs in and around Bristol to try and change the opinions and perceptions that many people have of this much-misunderstood breed.
I have invested a lot of time and energy to make sure that they are well trained both individually and as a pack and are sociable when out with other people and dogs.
I believe there is no such thing as a problem breed, however there is no shortage of problem owners!
What are the biggest misconceptions other owners and breeders may have about Rotties?
Every large breed has had a stigma attached to it over the years. At the moment in the UK it's Staffordshire Bull Terrier and in the US it's Pit Bull Terriers and as responsible breeders we all need to get our dogs out into the public and re-assure people that the breed is not the problem.
Any medical conditions affecting Rottweilers that you would like other breeders and owners to be more attentive about?
Be mindful of hip problems and cancer, which have both become prolific in the breed as a consequence of over breeding.
What kind of exercise does a Rottweiler need to stay in shape and mentally satisfied?
We usually do a 90 minute walk first thing in the morning, which is partial playing and partial training before coming home for breakfast.
The dogs are then left treat bones, puzzle balls and toys to keep them amused. They usually spend about six hours together before I get home and let them in, then we go out for an evening walk.
What type of owners are you recommending Rotts to?
People who are looking for a large, loving and loyal family pet, who have experience of owning a dog and the responsibility that comes with it.
What improvements do you want to bring to the breed with your breeding programme?
I love the traditional type although I do breed both ‘new' and ‘old' types. New type Rottweilers seem to be more generic and I find are used for more security/personal protection work as they have the weight, look and drag needed for this line. I am passionate about breeding well-balanced, loyal and loving Rottweilers who are fit and healthy and enjoy life to the full.
As Rottweilers are traditionally herding/guarding dogs, I love to see them run and work the way they were meant to and hope to get my youngest Mia to Crufts level in agility and competition obedience over the next few years.
How many dogs did you start with and how did you choose them?
I started with two rescue dogs and ended up with five. I lost Lilly (one of my first two rescue dogs) two years ago, so decided to keep my pick of a litter, Mia, to do show and competition work with.  They are the most amazing pup I have ever had; intelligent and quick to learn, with a desire to please.
I now have my Doberman/Rottweiler cross Milo, my Stud Sumo, my traditional Rottweiler bitch Maxi, my new type Rottweiler bitch Tyler and my bitch pup from Maxi and Sumo, Mia.
I chose Tyler from an internet sight at 14 months as they were the new shape I was looking for and I found Maxi at a show kennel at 9 months old, who is a gorgeous girl but wouldn't show.
Did you start with puppies or adult Rotts?
I have always started with young adult/adult dogs as it gives you more of an idea of the type required for breeding.
How do you differentiate your Rottweilers from the other breeders out there promising quality dogs, too?
Our breeding dog and bitches at Glennvine Rottweilers are exceptional; with great pedigree, heath, size, markings and colour, and this ensures that every pup in our litters has all of their parent's qualities.
Our puppies are also microchipped and fully vaccinated and do not leave us until they are a minimum of fourteen weeks old. This gives us the chance to start lead and basic command training, socialisation around other dogs and new environments and finish their toilet training. Our puppies grow up and spend time in a pack, which also teaches them pack order and manners, so that by the time they reach their new home they are respectful of their position in their new family.
Do you do anything special, on a daily or weekly basis, to give extra care to your dogs?
I spend time each day grooming them halfway through their morning walk and try to get them out swimming three times a week in the Spring and Summer. Apart from that just the usual I suppose? Love, fun, time and exercise!
How do you control your expenses while breeding your dogs?
We're fortunate that we don't tend to have to worry too much about expenses, as breeding isn't our sole source of income. Our breeding covers the costs of looking after our own pack, on a yearly basis.
How many litters per year are you having on average?
We usually have one litter each Spring/Summer but have decided to take this year off as we are looking to purchase a new property with extra land to cope with our ever growing business, pack and lifestyle.
What diet are your big pooches following?
They have kibble as their main base food twice per day and then we add 120 grams of oily fish to their evening meal three times per week, 100 grams of pulled pork twice a week and either boiled chicken or wholegrain rice and vegetables for the other days.
They also eat all our raw vegetable peelings and have smoked pork shoulder bones on a daily basis.
What would you tell to those who say dog breeding should cease or become ultra-regulated as there are too many dogs in rescue/rehoming centres?
Unfortunately there will always be dogs in shelters and I believe that restricting Kennel Club registered breeders will not make a difference.
The Kennel Club have strict polices and regulations in place to ensure responsible breeding for pedigree dogs. I do, however, think that puppy mills/farms need to be identified and closed as they are not regulated and designer breeds need to be closely monitored.
I think it would help if all puppies (pedigree or not) were purchased with a birth certificate to show when and where they were bred. If this was in place and the public only purchased puppies from reputable breeders whose pups have a birth certificate, we could stop puppy farming and the cruelty associated with the poor conditions of over breeding.
Many shelters warn about breeding toward an extreme, such as an over-muscular Rottweiler, as it increases the risk of medical conditions – do you agree?
I think over breeding to obtain type in any species tends to be detrimental.
How did you find your first clients, through ads or otherwise?
We used Pets4Homes and Dogs & Puppies when we started. Both are free websites and are a successful advertising tool.
We have a professionally-designed and written website, which is kept up to date and includes photos of our pack and previous litters, as well as information on us and the breed. It performs well online and is optimised to ensure that potential owners can find it easily and quickly.
We also placed our litters on the Kennel Club website as we are registered and have found this to be beneficial but not as popular with families looking for pets.
What are your efforts put into in order to build a great reputation (besides the dogs)?
We pride ourselves on delivering excellent customer service and a lasting relationship with Glennvine Rottweiler puppy owners.
I always keep in contact with my new puppy parents and receive updates and pictures from most. When a family takes one of my pups they become part of the extended Glennvine family and we're always delighted to hear from new owners and have updates on how their pup is getting on.
Are you active on online communities and/or message boards?
We are active on social media, mainly Facebook and Twitter, and find that this works well in raising awareness of Glennvine Rottweilers and the breed.
How important is it for a breeder to have an online presence nowadays?
An online presence is extremely important; a well designed and written website that is easy to find and navigate, combined with a strong presence on social media and digital advertising are essential.
Are you more promoting your affix or rather the dog breed itself?
I love the breed, my pack and every gorgeous litter of pups that we have, therefore it's a combination of both. After fourteen weeks of training and attachment it is always hard to let them go but they only go to the best homes and the best people.
My job in the grand scheme of things is to put perfect Rottweilers in perfect homes, nothing more and nothing less!
If you had to start afresh with another breed, which one would it be?
Possibly Huskies or Malamutes. I love the snow and hope to retire there one day, and either of these breeds would thrive in that environment.
What has been your most memorable sale and client?
All our sales are memorable and all of our client's details are kept confidential, but let's just say that we ship our pups world wide and some of them have very desirable homes and owners!
Any advice you would give to newcomers in this industry, who perhaps would like to breed Rottweilers?
Buy young adult bitches between nine and sixteen months old as it gives you more of an idea of their coat, color, size and markings. Take time to get to know the breed and your own dogs before you start breeding, so that the dogs and pups receive the best and most appropriate care and you can give new owners helpful and relevant advice when they choose their pup.
Always check their pedigree to make sure there is no breeding too close to ancestry and always look for parents with low hip scores and no history of cancer.
Be prepared to invest time, money and love and never breed for quick and easy money because it's never easy!!!
11-3-1 ruling a victory for Duterte on day 43 of 60-day martial rule
MANILA- In a majority vote, the Supreme Court on Tuesday affirmed President Rodrigo Duterte's declaration of martial law in Mindanao.
Eleven justices voted to uphold the president's declaration over all of Mindanao, said Supreme Court spokesperson Theodore Te in a press briefing.
Three others voted to limit the declaration to Marawi City, the conflict zone. A lone justice, meanwhile, voted to nullify the proclamation altogether.
The decision validated Duterte's declaration on May 23, when they placed the entire Mindanao under military rule following clashes between government troops and Islamic State-inspired Maute and Abu Sayyaf group terrorists in the Islamic city of Marawi.
It dismissed several petitions that questioned the basis of the president's declaration.
The ruling stands as the first on the merits of a martial law declaration under Article 7, Section 18 of the 1987 Constitution, which provides safeguards against a repeat of an abusive military rule seen during the time of deposed strongman Ferdinand Marcos.
Te did not disclose details on how justices voted, but several ABS-CBN sources said the vote was as follows:
IN FAVOR OF THE MARTIAL LAW IN MINDANAO:
Associate Justice Presbitero J. Velasco, Jr.
Associate Justice Teresita J. Leonardo-De Castro
Associate Justice Diosdado M. Peralta
Associate Justice Lucas P. Bersamin
Associate Justice Mariano C. Del Castillo
Associate Justice Jose C. Mendoza
Associate Justice Bienvenido L. Reyes
Associate Justice Estela M. Perlas-Bernabe
Associate Justice Francis H. Jardeleza
Associate Justice Samuel R. Martires
Associate Justice Noel G. Tijam
IN FAVOR OF MARTIAL LAW ONLY IN MARAWI CITY AND NEARBY AREAS:
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno
Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio
Associate Justice Alfredo Benjamin Caguioa
NO FACTUAL BASIS FOR MARTIAL LAW DECLARATION:
Associate Justice Marvic Leonen
In justifying their declaration, President Duterte had told Congress in a report that the extremists were planning to create an Islamic State province in Mindanao.
The state offensive continues, with more than 461 now dead, among them 337 terrorists, 85 government forces, and 39 civilians.
Several petitioners- opposition lawmakers, leftist leaders and four women from Marawi City- had asked the high court to invalidate the martial law declaration over all of Mindanao, saying there was no basis for military rule.
They asserted that the President could have addressed the crisis even without declaring martial law, saying the conflict was confined within Marawi City.
During oral arguments from June 13 to 15, magistrates sought government's clarification on the President's reasons for placing all of Mindanao under martial rule amid clashes between state troops and terrorists in Marawi City.
Solicitor General Jose Calida insisted that “all the elements of rebellion were present” when Duterte issued Proclamation No. 216. The President also suspended the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus to allow police to make warrantless arrests of terror suspects.
The President had previously said that they would respect the decision of the Supreme Court.
In 2009, several petitioners questioned then President Gloria Arroyo's declaration of martial law in Maguindanao following the massacre of 57 people, mostly journalists, in the province on Nov. 23 of the same year.
At the time, Arroyo cited a threat of an uprising by loyal followers of the Ampatuan family, suspects in the gruesome murders.
The cases were junked for being moot as Arroyo lifted their declaration after just eight days, even before Congress could review their proclamation. -- with reports from Ina Reformina
PANGASINAN (UPDATE) – An American wanted in the United States for child pornography was arrested in Dagupan, Pangasinan on Wednesday.
The fugitive, Brian Thomas Stickney, was arrested in their home by combined forces of the Bureau of Immigration (BI), Philippine National Police-Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (PNP-CIDG) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Stickney was indicted for 15 counts of receipt and possession of child sexual abuse images in 2012.
It was in 2008 when FBI agents seized numerous computers and hard drives in the suspect's home in North Carolina and discovered thousands of child pornography images, including that of their own daughter.
Stickney left the US and arrived in the Philippines in 2010.
“I was never indicted in the US,” they said.
Stickney's Filipina wife, Fe, said they had no idea that their husband is wanted in the US.
“Hindi ko alam, hindi ako makapag-isip ng maayos. Nagulat ako,” they said.
Authorities first discovered the suspect's whereabouts when they posted the sale of a pitbull in a local website.
An agent of the CIDG met with the suspect and upon positive identification, sought a summary deportation order from the BI.
“Nakipag-meeting ang isa nating asset at dinetermine natin ang exact location,” said Col. Harris Fama.
Stickney will be brought to the BI office for processing and then to a detention center in Bicutan.
Authorities say it may take 1 to 2 weeks before the suspect can be deported to the US.
This week, the White House released a list of the 2013 summer interns. The list of 147 college and graduate students is full of bright young things — dozens from Ivy League schools — and (surprise, surprise) several with connections to the administration.
Steven Rattner (AP)
There's Harry Summers, a student at Bowdoin College and son of former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers. Michael Klain from Harvard, the son of Ron Klain, former Chief of Staff to Al Gore and Joe Biden. Adam Baer, at student at Dartmouth and son of former Clinton senior adviser Don Baer. James “Izzy” Rattner of Brown University, the youngest son of New York financier and major Democratic fundraiser Steve Rattner. And Madeline Broas, another Dartmouth student and daughter of D.C. lawyer and Democratic donor Timothy Broas.
But it's not all about politics: Consider Grant Tanenbaum, a student at Wesleyan University and grandson of Washington Nationals owner Ted Lerner.
Larry Summers (WPA)
Like most Washington internships, the process is highly competitive: Applicants need to submit a resume, two essays and two letters of recommendation for the full-time, unpaid jobs in the West and East wings. After months of deliberation, interns are selected based on their public service, community leadership and “commitment to the mission of the Obama Administration,” according to the White House web site.
It's fair to assume these future leaders are already accomplished and savvy about high-powered networking, whether learned at the family dinner table or in the trenches of student government. Plenty of the names on the list have no obvious link to the White House but do have a dazzling resume, such as Rhodes Scholar Rhiana Gunn-Wright who grew up in inner-city Chicago or Haywood Perry from Penn, who served on the Prince George's County Board of Education as a teenager.
Ron Klain (Getty Images)
So it's unclear how far a good word from a VIP parent goes. “What I liked most about this is that Adam pursued it himself,” said Don Baer, who told us they deliberately stayed out of the process.
Still, knowing a power broker or two can't hurt. We asked the White House if any intern slots are reserved for “legacies” — kids of former administration officials. They didn't get back to us for comment.
See also: Full list of White House summer interns for 2013
Also in The Reliable Source:
Paula Deen replaces legal team, hires D.C. lawyer Grace Speights
Teresa Heinz Kerry transferred to rehab hospital
Timonthy Geithner sells Bethesda home
Jay-Z on their friendship with President Obama
Justin Bieber apologizes to Bill Clinton, thank goodness
Celebvocate: Ray Allen on juvenile diabetes
Less than a week after GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump dismissed their hot mic comments as "locker room talk", a Denver Bronco appears to agree.
Cornerback Aqib Talib said Tuesday that "Trump may fit in" at the defending Super Bowl champions' locker room.
Talib, 30, was asked during media availability if they could comment on what locker room banter is. This question came just days after 11-year-old audio surfaced of Trump bragging about how they could "grab women by the p***y" because they were a "star."
“There are a lot of locker room comments, man. We talk about everything in here," Talib said. "Trump may fit in if they came in here, who knows?”
Talib on locker room talk: a lot of things are said in the locker room. Trump might fit in in our locker room. — Aaron Matas (@AaronMatas) October 11, 2016
Many, including professional athletes, have slammed Trump for their comments, saying what the then 59-year-old is describing is sexual assault and not just "what men talk about behind closed doors."
Played sports since 7 years old...46 now...39 years of hearing "locker room talk"...never heard sexual assault bragged about. #CantExcuseIt — Chad Brown (@chadbrown94) October 10, 2016
Copyright 2016 KUSA
(JB) Shoppers who order goods from outside of the EU to be delivered to Luxembourg may have to pay an additional customs agency fee from September 1.
The change means that any private individual ordering goods from outside the EU and delivered by Post and are valued between 22 and 150 euros, will be charged 15 euros, plus VAT on the combined cost of postage and value of goods.
There is no customs agency fee on goods valued at under 22 euros. For delivery of goods valued at 150 euros or above, the customs fee is handled by CFL Logistics.
“Until now, Post has settled the customs fee itself on behalf of the customer. That takes time, and it costs us also,” Post press officer Marc Sauer told wort.lu/en. “Here we've taken the decision to intervene for parcels valued at 22 euros or above."
The change, which was not widely announced, came into effect on September 1, when at least one customer was given an unpleasant surprise.
One disgruntled wort.lu/en reader, who had to pay 15 euros for a book ordered from the US valued at 25 USD, said: "15 euros tax for a book costing 25 USD, how do they justify close to 70% taxation on such an item?“
Full details of the change (in French) can be found on the Post website.
360° is really a one-of-kind theme that integrates a panoramic layout full of options and features that will rock your inner most theme buying desires. The goal for 360° was to offer big, bold imagery, but also preserve traditional blogging layouts, portfolios, and page templates. 360° is fully responsive, fully kick-ass theme that gives the user total control to create, to exhibit, to showcase photography and imagery ranging from the artist or photographer to the local business wanting to showcase their store, from the jeweler who wants to create bold impressions or just the small mom & pop restaurant who wants to offer a tour of their business. The options are nearly unlimited.
Features
Translation Ready and Internationalized in 5 Languages
German
Japanese
French
Italian
Spanish
Theme Options Admin
Because it is often requested, here is a snapshot of the admin area of 360:
Each post has a variety of options that can be used. Here is an image of some options:
Support
Of course, I'm happy to offer the best support I can. I've got a new ticket system working at the moment that is helping the process. Feel free to take advantage of it http://siiimple.ticksy.com/. Also, I will do my best to answer any questions, comments, concerns. Thanks for your patience
Credits
First of all, I would like to thank two fabulous (and generous) photographers that allowed me to showcase their work in the display of this theme. Paolo Margari & Kristian Hjelle. Awesome work, and it's a privilege to be able to have their great work add to the theme.
Also, thanks goes to Liviu Holhos for their great work on the Panoramic Viewer, and their help getting some extra features added on.
Also, the menu icons are from IcoMoon. The icons used on posts are from P.J. Onori, called Iconic.
Oct. 22 - Fixed Twitter Widget issue with Twitter's new API. Oct. 22 - Resolved directional arrows issue on Template 360 template.
360 will continue to be updated and improved over time. If you have any questions or concerns feel free to contact me for future updates.
This morning Texas Instruments unveiled Launchpad, a development platform for their low-cost MSP430 line of microcontrollers. We've seen these chips before, most notably in the ez430 Chronos sports watch. We see this as a bid for the hobby market currently enjoyed by Arduino, PIC, AVR, and others. TI's biggest selling point is price, but we're going to wait to share that with you. Join us after the break to see what the package offers, then decide if the price is right.
What is it?
We received a contact request on our tip line from a public relations firm on behalf of Texas Instruments. The video conference paired us with one of their engineers who took us through the details of the package, mentioning the low price tag every minute or so. Launchpad is a programming and development board for the TI MSP430. It has a machined DIP socket that can accept chips with up to 20 pins. All of these pins are broken out to the header ports on either side of the board, which resemble the Arduino layout to us. Good news, unlike the Arduino the header spacing falls into the 0.1″ divisions necessary to interface with common protoboard. TI is also looking for community involvement, pushing thier Lunchapad Wiki to help you get stated and asking that you add you knowledge as you find success with the 16-bit platform.
What's inside?
Each Launchpad device comes with a whole lot of goodness. In addition to the board itself you get a 0.5 meter USB cable, two pin headers and two pin sockets for the pin breakout pads, two different MSP430 microprocessors (MSP430G2211 and MSP430G2231), and two free IDEs; Code Composer Studio 4 and IAR Embedded Workbench Kickstart (note that the latter has a 4K or 8K code limitation depending on the processor used).
Price
Hands down TI is trying to make price the biggest issue with this release. The presentation we were given included the price in large red numbers on seven of the thirteen slides. So here it is: Launchpad will set you back four dollars and thirty cents. And for now shipping is included.
Conclusion
It's important to note that we haven't had the board in hand yet. That being said, for $4.30 it's worth the risk just to get the USB cable and a couple of processors. We're amazed that they've beaten back the price to this point and delighted that you get the programmer and two microcontrollers, not to mention the other components. We like the fact that they didn't develop an alternative language like Arduino did for the AVR controllers. This makes it easy to clear the hurdle of setting up a programmer, IDE and toolchain, and get right down to developing in C. After all, the chips are dirt cheap and quite powerful. You may remember 3000 of them from a project we saw over the weekend.
We'd imagine the initial demand will be quite high and hope they have the stock to keep up.
Update:
Unboxing Video
Demo Application Video
Note: Click here for the Docker Monitoring webinar video recording and slides. And click here for the Docker Logging webinar video recording and slides.
SPM Agent for Docker was renamed “sematext/sematext-agent-docker” on Docker Hub (see Sematext joins Docker ETP program for Logging). The latest CoreOS service files and instructions are available in the new Github Repository.
——-
If you've got an interest in things like CoreOS, logs and monitoring then you should check out our previous CoreOS-related posts on Monitoring Core OS Clusters and how to get CoreOS logs into ELK in 5 minutes. And they are only the start of SPM integrations with CoreOS! Case in point: we have recently optimized the SPM setup on CoreOS and integrated a logging gateway to Logsene into the SPM Agent for Docker. And that's not all…
In this post we want to share the current state of CoreOS Monitoring and Log Management from Sematext so you know what's coming — and you know about things that might be helpful for your organization, such as:
Feature Overview Fleet Units for SPM How to Set Up Monitoring and Logging Services
1. Feature Overview
Quick setup add monitoring and logging for the whole cluster in 5 minutes
Collection Performance Metrics for the CoreOS Cluster
Metrics for all CoreOS cluster nodes (hosts) CPU, Memory, Disk usage
Detailed metrics for all containers on each host CPU, Memory, Limits, Failures, Network and Disk I/O, …
Anomaly detection and alerts for all metrics
Anomaly detection and alerts for all logs
Correlated Container Events, Metrics and Logs Docker Events like start/stop/destroy are related to deployments, maintenance or sometimes to errors and unwanted restarts; correlation of metrics, events and logs is the natural way to discover problems using SPM.
Centralized configuration via etcd There is often a mix of configurations in environment variables, static settings in cloud configuration files, and combinations of confd and etcd. We decided to have all settings stored in etcd, so the settings are done only once and are easy to access.
Automatic Log Collection Logging gateway Integrated into SPM Agent for Docker includes a logging gateway service to receive log message via TCP. The service discovery is solved via etcd (where the exposed TCP is stored). All received messages are parsed, and the following formats are supported: journalctl -o short | short-iso | json integrated messages parser (e.g. for dockerd time, level and message text) line delimited JSON plain text messages In cases where the parsing fails, the gateway adds a timestamp and keeps the message 1:1. The logging gateway can be configured with the Logsene App Token – this makes it compatible with most Unix tools e.g. journalctl -o json -n 10 | netcat localhost 9000 SPM for Docker collects all logs from containers directly from the Docker API. The logging gateway is typically used for system logs – or anything else configured in journald (see “Log forwarding service” below) The transmission to Logsene receivers is encrypted via HTTPS.
Log forwarding service The log forwarding service streams logs to the logging gateway by pulling them from journald. In addition, it saves the ‘last log time' to recover after a service restart. Most people take this for granted; but not all logging services have such a recovery function. There are many tools which just capture the current log stream. Often people realize this only when they miss logs one day because of a reboot, network outage, software update, etc. But these are exactly the types of situations where you would like to know what is going on!
2. Fleet Units for SPM
SPM agent services are installed via fleet (a distributed init system) in the whole cluster. Lets see those unit files before we fire them up into the Cloud.
The first unit file sematext-agent.service starts SPM Agent for Docker. It takes the SPM and Logsene app tokens and port for the logging gateway etcd. It starts on every CoreOS host (global unit).
The second unit file logsene-service.service forwards logs from journald to that logging gateway running as part of sematext-agent-docker. All fields stored in the journal (down to source-code level and line numbers provided by GO modules) are then available in Logsene.
3. Set Up Monitoring and Logging Services
Preparation:
# PREPARATION # set your application tokens for SPM and Logsene export $SPM_TOKEN=YOUR-SPM-TOKEN export $LOGSENE_TOKEN=YOUR-LOGSENE-TOKEN # set the port for the Logsene Gateway export $LG_PORT=9000 # Store the tokens in etcd # please note the same key is used in the unit file! etcdctl set /sematext.com/myapp/spm/token $SPM_TOKEN etcdctl set /sematext.com/myapp/logsene/token $LOGSENE_TOKEN etcdctl set /sematext.com/myapp/logsene/gateway_port $LG_PORT
Download the fleet unit files and start the service via fleetclt
# INSTALLATION # Download the unit file for SPM wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sematext/sematext-agent-docker/master/coreos/sematext-agent.service # Start SPM Agent in the whole cluster fleetctl load spm-agent.service; fleetctl start spm-agent.service # Download the unit file for Logsene wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sematext/sematext-agent-docker/master/coreos/logsene.service # Start the log forwarding service fleetctl load logsene.service; fleetctl start logsene.service
Check the installation
systemctl status sematext-agent.service systemctl status logsene.service
Send a few log lines to see them in Logsene.
journalctl -o json -n 10 | ncat localhost 9000
After about a minute you should see Metrics in SPM and Logs in Logsene.
Open-Source Resources
Some of the things described here are open-sourced:
Documentation, source code and support information is available here: https://github.com/sematext/sematext-agent-docker
The CoreOS directory contains additional examples, such as a cloud-config file enabling SPM and Logsene service for logging journalctl output to Logsene ELK Stack.
Summary – What this gets you
Here's what this setup provides for you:
Operating System metrics of each CoreOS cluster node
Container and Host Metrics on each node
All Logs from Docker containers and Hosts (via journald)
Docker Events from all nodes
CoreOS logs from all nodes
Having this setup allows you to take the full advantage of SPM and Logsene by defining intelligent alerts for metrics and logs (delivered via channels like e-mail, PagerDuty, Slack, HipChat or any WebHook), as well as making correlations between performance metrics, events, logs, and alerts.
Running CoreOS? Need any help getting CoreOS metrics and/or logs into SPM & Logsene? Let us know! Oh, and if you're a small startup — ping @sematext — you can get a good discount on both SPM and Logsene!
Share Twitter
Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
The usually dim Comet 17P Holmes blazes away in this Oct. 25 image from the observatory (Harvard MPC H45) at Petit Jean Mountain in Arkansas. The comet continued to brighten overnight and reached magnitude 2.0, approaching the brilliance of some of the brightest stars.
A comet that suddenly brightened earlier this week has astronomers around the globe fascinated. And the show could go on for some time.
Comet Holmes, discovered in 1892, had in recent years been visible only through telescopes until a dramatic outburst made it visible to the naked eye. In fewer than 24 hours, it brightened by a factor of nearly 400,000.
It has now brightened by a factor of a million times what it was before the outburst, a change "absolutely unprecedented in the annals of cometary astronomy," said Joe Rao, SPACE.com's Skywatching Columnist.
The comet is now rivaling some of the brighter stars in the sky.
Anyone with a map should be able to spot it now.
But Comet Holmes lacks a tail, so it's more like a fuzzy, yellow star, observers report. The view is improved with a small telescope.
"This is a terrific outburst," said Brian Marsden, director emeritus of the Minor Planet Center, which tracks known comets and asteroids. "And since it doesn't have a tail right now, some observers have confused it with a nova. We've had at least two reports of a new star."
The comet could fade in a matter of days or weeks, according to a statement from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
Comet expert John Bortle expects the comet to continue as a naked-eye object for the next few weeks as it dims gradually. Bortle said the coma, or fuzzy head of the comet, could expand as weeks go by. The coma could reach the apparent size of the moon in the sky, they said.
The comet is located among the stars of the constellation Perseus, which is about halfway up in the northeast sky in the evening. Perseus is almost directly overhead by around 2 a.m. local daylight time and remains well up in the northwest at dawn.
"The comet was plainly visible, disturbing the normal pattern of stars that make up Perseus," Rao said after observiing it last night.
The comet orbits the Sun once every seven years at a distance of about 200 million miles (compared to Earth's 93-million-mile orbit). It was re-observed in 1899 and 1906 before being lost for nearly six decades. Based on a prediction by Marsden, the comet was found again in 1964.
"Since then, it's been behaving well—until now," Marsden said.
Astronomers don't know why the outburst occurred.
The other day I was pretty harsh on DC for their choice not to cast Stephanie Brown as the new Robin, and their apparent hostility toward the character in general. That hasn't changed, but I do want to give DC credit for something they're rolling out.
DC will be adding the first mainstream trans* character to their books.  They are a supporting character, Batgirl's (Barbara Gordon) roommate. No powers, no funky reason for not being cisgender, just a character with whom we can empathize. Writer Gail Simone, who could make an engaging and character-driven narrative out of a paperclip factory expense sheet summary, said they wanted to create “a reality based character.”
…a character, not a public service announcement … being trans is just part of their story. If someone loved them before, and doesn't love them after, well — that's a shame, but we can't let that kind of thinking keep comics in the 1950s forever.
I also think it's great that they spoke to people in the trans* community before creating the character, to make sure that they presented Alysia Yeoh as a realistic portrayal, not a stereotype.
Let's jump over to Marvel, specifically Avengers Academy, which I'm trying to catch up on all of the post-Fear Itself issues of. Basic premise: when Norman Osborne was in power after the Marvel Civil War, they kidnapped a group of kids with powers, abused them, and brainwashed them to fight for him. They are eventually rescued by Hank Pym (and the rest of the Avengers) who decides to start a school to help them overcome what Osborne did to them, give them a stable environment, and train them to use their powers. After the events of Fear Itself, Pym opened the school to anybody who wanted to join and recruited two other kids.
Now, if we look at the lineup, the class leader, Reptil, is a Hispanic kid from the suburbs. White Tiger is the sister of the original White Tiger, the first Hispanic superhero in the Marvel universe (both in terms of first published and first to appear in the context of the story). We also have an Asian girl (not a diminutive, they're all teenagers), Hazmat. Outside of race, there are two queer kids: Lightspeed, who just joined the team and is openly bi, and Striker who came out as gay to their (and later to a press conference, because you can do that if you're being trained by an Avenger).
And, of course, Pym is an open atheist.
Many of the Avengers Academy plots focus on developing these characters, and in a lot of cases the way that they relate to the world as a minority of some sort or another often gets some spotlight. White Tiger feels that they have to live up to their brother's legacy, not just in being a hero, but specifically in being a Hispanic hero, while Reptil doesn't see the point of focusing on their race at all. Lightspeed gets frustrated since she's still having trouble accepting their sexuality and not wanting it to become their defining characteristic, but Striker just sort of came out and seems to be having no problems with it at all.
“What does this have to do with atheism?”, I hear you cry.
The other day, Richard Carrier at FtB wrote about how Phil Mason (Thunderf00t) basically used creationist tactics to make a video in which they decried a speech Carrier gave and made it seem, through editing, that Carrier was saying something they aren't.
Carrier does a fine job of pointing out all of the dishonesty in Mason's video, but there was one part of it that stuck out for both Carrier and I. Emphasis his.
Now Thunderf00t lays into minorities (timestamp 15:16). They sneer (literally: listen to their voice) at my call for atheist organizations to be more responsive to and cooperative with minority atheists and minority atheist groups.
Now, it's bad enough that T-f00t says this kind of stuff. I've come to believe that they are, as Carrier suggests, indeed a sociopath and absolutely incapable of empathizing with other human beings. But surely their trollish little minions can't all be sociopaths. Here's a few of the comments (emphasis theirs):
You are also a complete fool when doing marketing analysis, as TF conclusively demonstrated in their video with the ratio between believers and atheists. Only a person with infinite resources would waste resources targeting “black atheists” when they could target “atheists without restricting it by race” or even addressing “theists” or the entire population. You are the one employing racist logic here Carrier, not TF…And to compare it to the state of the Republican party is laughable. They have problems because the minorities are the majority, but in our case there is a well defined theist majority as TF showed you and it is the very fact that they are a majority that is the entire problem. – Illusio You should focus efforts on a specific minority and it's not a racial group but rather a religious group (Muslims). Given that Islam's influence in the world is far worse than Christianity's and virtually no free society has ever been founded on Islamic principles, I'd appreciate any campaign aimed at convincing Muslims to renounce their faith and also helping them avoid problems within their community (all 4 schools of Sunni Islam mandate the death penalty for apostasy). It makes no sense to attack Christianity primarily when Islam is on the rise and is causing many problems in the world, not because of “extremists” twisting its “peaceful teachings” but because of fundamentals of Islamic theology which are inherently hostile to non-Muslims, women and personal freedom. – Dan
I know there was at least a few more that seem to have been erased because Carrier doesn't deal with that sort of shit on their blog (nor is they required to). The basic premise, though, is that since minorities are so small (race, sexual orientation, gender, etc.), then there is no point doing any sort of outreach to them at all or bothering to address their specific concerns.
Not only is this lazy, it's kind of pathetic. Mason and their minions seem to think that listening to minority atheists, talking about problems that are unique to them, and inviting them to speak at conferences is somehow this great burden, this overwhelming task that will bring in sub-standard speakers and thinkers just because they happen to be Latin@, or black, or queer, or women. This falls under the presumption that white men have been primarily the face of atheism for so long because they're just better at thinking about these things, and that somebody can't be a minority and brilliant.
The way I got into the atheist movement as an activist was not through Dawkins or Harris or Hitchens. I haven't even read Dennett. While I respect the Four Horsemen, I don't much like Dawkins or Harris, who I find far too disconnected from the lived experiences of actual atheists, and while their work is fantastic and insightful, I just have no impulse to really go back to it for anything other than the occasional reference. Hitchens I adored for a number of reasons, but I think that, again, they let their philosophy get in the way of empathy far too often.
No, I joined because I saw a post by Jen McCreight when BlagHag was still an indie blog about LGBT inclusion and why their atheism gives them an objective foundation for queer advocacy (both in terms of humanist principles and the rejection of religious dogma that is far too often the source of homophobia). From there they moved to FtB where I discovered JT (originally because they had a cute picture up, I admit, but they turned out to be actually brilliant), who pointed me to Greta. I started reading Ed because “Dispatches from the Culture Wars” is an awesome name for a blog and I'm a politics geek. Eventually I also saw how awesome Ashley was, and Kate from there, and eventually even Miri, who is made of pure sunshine (in that she's bright, enlightening, and will burn the fuck out of you if you're not smart).
Their examples got me involved in blogging and RL activism. And I wouldn't be here if Jen didn't take some time to talk about something other than why Pascal's Wager is ridiculous.
Talking about issues that interest minorities in one respect is a good way to get another conversation going. DC and Marvel both realize this, and they took the incredibly easy step of diversifying their casts, because when you see yourself (or a part of yourself) in a character, you're more likely to connect with them and want to come back. Similarly, if you see yourself in a movement, you want to contribute to that movement.
No, it's not enough to “treat everybody the same: as human beings.” Yes, you should treat everybody like human beings, but not the same human being. We all have different cultures, life experiences, day to day issues, and personal hangups. In many cases, the minority that a person identifies with experiences a lot of the same types of thing, and trying to address that shows people in those minorities that you actually care about this. When you say that you “treat everybody the same,” what you're saying is that you treat everybody like a middle class white man, ignoring the unique circumstances those people have lived. You should treat everybody well, but just because leaving your church didn't cut you off from all social connection doesn't mean that the black guy from Memphis had it so easy, and it is almost no effort to deal with that.
Characters like Alysia Yeoh and the students at Avengers Academy are not attempts to fill quotas or diversify because it's “trendy,” they are attempts to recognize that there are a lot of different types of people in the world, and it takes the barest minimum of effort to incorporate that. Minorities can be superheroes and the friends of superheroes. They are a part of life, and inviting them into our stories or our movements gives us perspective, makes us better.
Being kind, showing consideration for others, paying attention to people who are generally ignored: these are all Good Things, things we should be embracing. We cannot simultaneously listen to the marginalized while denying their marginalization. We cannot pretend that discrimination is a personal choice and not a systemic problem, so my just saying something like “I don't see color” means that racism (for example) doesn't exist or I can never again do anything racist. Most importantly, we can't just make the same arguments against faith and religion over and over again and hope to reach people on the strength of our philosophy when they're more concerned with the problems they face in their day-to-day lives, as if accepting logical arguments is a test and anyone who doesn't do so isn't smart enough for the Atheist Club.
Comic labels, from Marvel and DC to Archie, have consistently been at the vanguard of social change, and I think that's amazing. We can also be at that vanguard, clearing the path for new people and new ideas to infuse our movement rather than shambling lamely behind, wondering why our once exploding campaign has stopped gaining ground, unable to convince even a rising demographic of non-religious theists to take the one last step.
Advertisements
Ah, the lure of the karmic relationship. It's not just the magnetic connection that pulls you in, it's the knowledge that the two of you were involved in a previous life. You are fated lovers. You've reconnected in this life because (as all the karma-savvy folks know) you have unfinished business to complete. It's more than a mutual attraction; it's your karmic duty. But what if it's not? What if every past-life relationship you encounter is not meant to be explored?
The Karma Trap
Almost every significant relationship in your life is based on a past-life connection. The reason you're reconnecting is because something happened in that past life, and it was most likely unpleasant. Hence, the unfinished business. Past life partners with whom you've had an idyllic, tension-free connection will have no reason to cross your path again. What might have happened between the two of you covers a very broad spectrum: One of you died, one of you was abandoned by the other, you were both killed by disease/war, you weren't allowed to marry. And so on. Sometimes, that unfinished business is particularly painful for one of you. You might have been a victim (of your partner). You did something to make your partner very, very angry.
[notpremise]
To read the rest of this article you must purchase a Lifetime All-Access Membership, which allows you to view the entirety of Sasstrology's archives for a one-time fee of $12. All horoscopes and forecasts will always be free to the public. New articles are only viewable to the public for 30 days after publication. Buy Now or read more. All-Access Members, log in here.
[/notpremise]
Related Posts:
If you like this post, please upvote it on Reddit.
Buy Photo World War II veterans will discuss the conflict on Aug. 20 at the Sam Corey Senior Center in Holt. (Photo: Curt Smith/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
World War II veterans will share their stories and reflections in a public discussion set for Aug. 20.
The event, which starts 6:30 p.m. at the Sam Corey Senior Center in Delhi Township, comes two days before Holt Hometown Festival. The festival this year is honoring World War II veterans, with many of them serving as grand marshals in the parade.
A temporary exhibit of World War II artifacts will be on display and light refreshments will be served. The senior center is located at 2108 Cedar St.
The discussion will be recorded for posterity, and it's a joint effort of the senior center, the Holt-Delhi Historical Historical Society and the Holt American Legion Buck-Reasoner Post 238.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1TrgOhs
Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos won the award this week despite the country's rejection of their peace deal with Farc – but he's not the first laureate to raise a few eyebrows
Satire became obsolete, Tom Lehrer said famously, when Henry Kissinger, then the US secretary of state, was awarded the Nobel peace price in 1973. Among other foreign policy controversies, the secret bombing campaign they had overseen was still raging in Cambodia. It wasn't the first time the committee's decision proved a little awkward – nor the last. So, where do recent Nobel peace laureates rank on the Kissinger Index?
Juan Manuel Santos, 2016
Santos, pictured, was awarded the prize last week for their role in signing a peace deal with Farc rebels to end Colombia's 50-year civil war. The prize was slightly undermined by the Colombian people voting to reject the deal in a referendum – five days before the prize was awarded.
Kissinger rating: 3/5 Henrys
The EU, 2012
The EU was given the prize for its role in joining countries around the continent in peace for more than six decades, a decision that was surely well received by the 200,000 Greeks who marched through Athens to protest against EU-imposed austerity measures. At least everything in the EU has been hunky-dory since then.
Kissinger rating: 2/5 Henrys
Liu Xiaobo, 2010
The Norwegian committee has sometimes antagonised other countries by giving the peace prize to dissidents, critics and opponents of other states. Indeed, Sino-Norwegian relations took a drastic nosedive when the committee awarded Chinese human rights dissident Liu Xiaobo the peace medal in 2010. Many countries might have worried about getting burned by the economic superpower, but not many have a £610bn sovereign wealth fund. How do you like them epler, Hu Jintao?
Kissinger rating: 2/5 Henrys
Barack Obama, 2009
Obama had been seated at the Resolute desk for less than a year – and was still commander-in-chief of two wars – when they were cited for their “extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples”. Which is a very Norwegian way of saying: “Well done on not being George W Bush.”
Kissinger rating: 4/5 Henrys
New Zealanders Andre Fernandez and Tristan Roake aka Truth – now resident in San Francisco – undermine easy theories about dubstep.
They've never had any truck with the duality between “tear-out” and “deep”, and regularly drop high energy tunes suitable for massive raves – the perennial ‘Fatman' being their biggest – while managing to adhere to the dark-room, eyes-down principles of the genre's roots. It's no wonder they've consistently released on foundational labels like Tempa and Deep Medi Muzik while becoming worldwide festival favourites.
A new album coming up on June 10 features cameos from Joker and Flowdan, who they connected with, as is appropriate for an international dubstep/grime hook-up, at Outlook Festival. Hollow World features their first diversions into deep house tempos as well as dubstep rhythms, but ultimately remains unapologetically a dubstep album from an act that's well placed to ride out any boom-and-bust hype around the genre.
We've got the premiere of Flowdan's appearance on ‘Madman' below – check that out, hear clips of Hollow World on Firepower Records' Soundcloud, and preorder Hollow World on iTunes. FACT's Joe Muggs recently spoke to Flowdan about their new solo EP for Hyperdub.
A three-judge panel on a federal appeals court ruled Thursday against the Trump administration's efforts to delay accepting transgender recruits into the military.
A two-paragraph order said Judges Diana Gribbon Motz, Albert Diaz and Pamela Harris on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Virginia are denying the administration's request to delay the Jan. 1 deadline, without further explanation.
The decision sets up the case for a potential appeal to the Supreme Court.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Pentagon is set to begin accepting transgender troops into the military Jan. 1 after court orders required it adhere to the date. That date was planned before President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE announced they would ban transgender people from serving.
Trump announced the ban on Twitter in July and followed through with a memo in August.
Four lawsuits were filed against the ban, and so far, judges in three of them have said the ban cannot take effect while the cases work their way through the courts. The judge in the fourth has not yet ruled on a preliminary injunction.
The Trump administration appealed the preliminary injunctions and asked that the courts allow the Pentagon to delay accepting transgender recruits while the appeals are being decided.
Thursday's ruling came in a case filed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of six current members of the Armed Forces who are transgender.
"We are happy that the court saw through the government's smokescreen and rejected its request to further delay the policy allowing transgender people to enlist," Josh Block, senior staff attorney with the ACLU LGBT & HIV Project, said in a statement.
"The military has already developed comprehensive guidance to prepare for a Jan. 1 start date, and the government failed to offer any credible reason why transgender people should be barred from enlisting if they can meet the same rigorous standards that apply to everyone else.”
The Pentagon issued a memo Dec. 8 detailing how the military will process transgender recruits that specify everything from which underwear they will be required to wear to what documents will be accepted to prove gender identity.
Opponents of Trump's ban said the memo proves the Pentagon is ready to begin accepting transgender recruits, contrary to administration lawyers' arguments.
The administration argued the memo shows the Pentagon is “scrambling” to comply with the court. It cited as evidence a memo dated Dec. 19 clarifying the earlier Dec. 8 memo.
“All that this memorandum shows is that the military is scrambling to comply with the injunction,” administration lawyers wrote in a court filing Wednesday. “Memorandum 2-5 is an effort to furnish some guidance, but it is no substitute for the training necessary to ensure that the [former Defense Secretary Ash] Carter policy is implemented properly.”
This story was updated at 3:43 p.m.
Works With Special-Needs Kids Simonton To Transition From Teacher To Tour Pro
Every year a dozen or so guys give up steady jobs to experience the extremely unstable existence of a rookie professional bass fisherman. Some of those jobs are a lot easier to walk away from than others.
Michael Simonton, an Ohioan who'll compete on the Bassmaster Elite Series next year, will have a hard time leaving their regular gig. Not because it pays them a ton of money – it doesn't. But rather because they form strong bonds with the people they work with every day.
They teach special-education classes at the 7th- and 8th-grade levels at a school in Sandusky. He's hoping to get an extended leave of absence for the second half of the 2011-12 school year to try their hand on the Elite Series, and then decide late next summer whether to return to the classroom for 2012-13 or stay with fishing.
If they aren't granted the leave, then he'll reluctantly resign from their position. This is the second straight year the 31-year-old has earned an invitation to the Elites via the Northern Opens (he won the points title this year), and they won't turn it down again.
"Last year I passed for financial reasons, and now it's like a lifetime opportunity has happened twice for me," they said. "It's what I've really wanted to do since I was in the 3rd or 4th grade – I love the outdoors and I love fishing."
Better Fee Schedule
Simonton said that B.A.S.S.'s decision to require less Elite Series deposit money prior to the first event in 2012 has allowed them to advance to the sport's highest level. Crown Battery, their primary sponsor and a company based in their hometown of Fremont, was more willing to ante up after the deposit schedule became more spread out.
He's thrilled that he'll get the opportunity to compete against many of the best anglers in the world and get a shot at qualifying for the Bassmaster Classic, but at the same time, it'll be hard to leave their teaching job and the special-needs kids he's grown so close to.
He's been pursuing a master's degree from Bowling Green University that would allow them to work with children with the most extreme disabilities. They didn't sign up for classes this semester in the hope that it would have given them additional time to seek out sponsors in case they qualified for the Elites again, and the gamble paid off in that regard.
"I'm really going to miss it because it's a very rewarding job," they said. "I don't like the paperwork aspect of it, I can tell you that, but I love working with the kids and seeing them grow. If I'm successful with fishing, I'm going to try to start up an organization so I'll still be able to work with them in the off-season."
Solid Track Record
Simonton has made the money in every Northern Open he's ever fished – three this year, three last year and one in 2009. Their best finish was their most recent – a runner-up showing at Oneida that moved them to the top of the points list after beginning the derby in 7th place.
If Elite Series pro Ish Monroe hadn't jackpotted the event and won it, he'd have also garnered a 2012 Classic slot.
They live 20 minutes from Lake Erie, but ironically doesn't care much for smallmouths or fishing deep structure.
"I'm more of a power-fisherman – I like throwing squarebills and spinnerbaits and ChatterBaits and flipping. Shallow grass is my favorite and I love throwing a frog on the mats. If I can get in a place that's got some largemouths, I can usually do a lot better.
"I'm good buddies with (Erie ace) Joe Balog and he's helped me quite a bit, but I'm still not good at reading that graph. I think some people are just wired that way – they can't get it. I'm better than I used to be, but I'd way rather go down a shoreline and stare at stuff."
They have little experience fishing in the southern part of the country, but thinks their "largemouth mentality" will help overcome some of that. He's eager to learn all the intricacies of being a tour pro, including the required on-water etiquette.
"I'm curious about things like sharing water with four or five guys and establishing who's got what. It'll be a new experience for me and I'll probably feel like I need to move.
"I'm super-easygoing and I'm not going to let something like that change my character."
Former Delhi minister Kapil Mishra on Saturday alleged that the police were trying to "forcibly" take them to hospital based on "fake reports" given by doctors, just a day before they were planning to make another "expose".
They claimed that the report of their health is "faked" by the doctors, who were directly reporting to health minister Satyendra Jain, even as a team of doctors from Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) hospital late tonight examined Mishra and said their vitals, including blood pressure and sugar level, were normal.
"Before tomorrow's expose, they are spreading fake news and trying to divert attention. It is a ploy to end my hunger strike," Mishra said in a tweet.
"Doctors gave fake report. They report directly to health minister Satyendar Jain," they stated in another tweet.
Mishra, who was recently sacked from Delhi cabinet, had started an indefinite hunger strike on Wednesday demanding Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) divulge details of foreign tours undertaken by five of its leaders.
Doctors had yesterday advised hospitalisation to Mishra due to drop in blood sugar level and dehydration.
Mishra also asked the Delhi police commissioner to not take actions based on "fake reports".
"Sir @CPDelhi, Please don't do this just based on a fake report. I am fighting for a big cause. It's a conspiracy," the MLA said in a tweet.
In a late night development, a team of doctors from RML hospital examined Mishra and said their vitals, including blood sugar level, pulse, blood pressure, is normal.
However, they had mild dehydration which is due to no salt intake since last four days, the doctors said, adding it was a case of "starvation ketosis".
Meanwhile, police officials reached Mishra's house to take them to hospital but they remained adamant on not going with them.
"Mishra is adamant to not leave their house before they hold a press conference at 11 am on Sunday. They have gone inside their house saying they want to meditate," a source said.
Earlier, a team of doctors from Aruna Asaf Ali hospital had examined them in the afternoon and evening and advised their hospitalisation.
Mishra mounted a fresh attack on Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday, accusing them of using AAP MLAs as "shield" after party legislator Sanjeev Jha announced a hunger strike to counter the rebel leader's ongoing fast.
Jha was detained by the police twice while they were proceeding to stage the planned hunger strike outside Mishra's residence. They later began their "indefinite strike" at Jantar Mantar.
Jha has demanded that Mishra come clean on the claim that they saw health minister Jain pay Rs two crore to Kejriwal.
In an "open letter" to Kejriwal, Mishra again pressed for divulging the details of foreign tours undertaken by five leaders of the party.
"How much drama will you create to hide one truth. You are trying all tactics to divert attention. Don't try any new tactic tomorrow.
"You (Kejriwal) made a strategy to use MLAs as a shield. However, only one MLA came forward to be that shield?" Mishra said, adding they would make their next "expose" tomorrow.
They further said "thief" is demanding to hand over all the evidences to him.
"Then they would prove themselves innocent by becoming a judge, a lawyer and a witness," they added.
In the morning, Jha, who is an MLA from Burari, went to Rajghat, Mahatma Gandhi's memorial, to "seek blessings".
"On 7 May, Mishra had said that Kejriwal had met Jain where they paid them Rs two crore. My question to them is at what time did they meet the chief minister. Which car did they use? I have the entire day's video footage (of people entering Kejriwal).
"The whole world knows about Kejriwal's credentials and they (Mishra) should give evidence to back their claim. If it turns out to be true, even I will join them in their hunger strike against Kejriwal," Jha said.
Mishra hit back at Jha with another "open letter" and "advised" them to drink lots of water during the hunger strike.
With inputs from PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Monday, November 15th 2010, 8:26 AM EST
The Holy Grail of climatology has always been to ascertain whether, and if so how, the sun might affect the Earth's energy budget to cause the climate swings observed throughout history despite the apparent inadequacy of the tiny variations in Total Solar Irradiance (TSI) that occur from one series of solar cycles to another.I think that there is a plausible mechanism whereby those tiny solar changes could be amplified enough by natural features of the Earth's climate system to achieve the observed outcome.This article also shows how the theory of Anthropogenic Global Warming (AGW) has failed to account for the various real world observations that have been accumulating since the late 1990s.The ideas set out in this article provide a potential solution and progress my earlier New Climate Model found here CLICK to download "How The Sun Could Control Earth's Temperature" by Stephen Wilde.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has called for a review of homeschooling amid concerns that thousands of children are being radicalised by their own parents.
It is unclear how many children and young adults are being home schooled but it is thought to be in the region of 20,000 to 50,000.
Parents do not have to inform their council that they are educating their children at home, leaving the government in the dark about the number of kids at risk of radicalisation through education at home.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has called for a review of homeschooling amid concerns that thousands of children are being radicalised by their own parents
'There has always been the freedom in this country for people to educate their children at home. Many people do it very well,' a senior government source told the Independent on Sunday.
'But we need to know where the children are and to be certain that they are safe.
'For every parent doing a brilliant job, there may be someone filling their child's mind with poison. We just don't know. We don't have reliable figures,' the source said.
The Education Secretary's new approach comes after the announcement of an investigation into the activities of unregistered schools and madrassahs.
Concerns have been made about the teaching in some madrassahs with concerns that religious extremists are using an inappropriate curriculum.
Ofsted's chief schools inspector, Sir Michael Wilshaw has previously spoken about the 'serious and growing threat' of unregistered Islamic centers
The Education Secretary's new approach comes after the announcement of an investigation into the activities of unregistered school and madrassahs
Ofsted's chief schools inspector, Sir Michael Wilshaw has previously spoken about the 'serious and growing threat' of unregistered Islamic centers.
'We have provided Ofsted with extra inspectors to eradicate extremism in education,' a Department of Education spokesperson said.
'We are working with them to address their concerns about home education being exploited, while safeguarding the rights of parents to determine how and where to educate their children.' they said.
Labour's shadow Education Secretary, Lucy Powell has called for urgent action against the threat of extremist content being used in home school curriculums, calling the failure of action 'completely unacceptable.'
'It is vital that action is taken to ensure that all children, whether in school or taught at home, are given the knowledge and skills to succeed, not taught a narrow curriculum of hate and bigotry.'
'Yet, just last week it was revealed that the Government had let children remain in illegal, unregistered schools for weeks, where they were exposed to narrow curriculums, misogynist, homophobic and anti-Semitic material. This is completely unacceptable.'
Terrors. Photo: Garo/Phanie/Corbis
You're lying comfortably in bed, your heavy eyelids starting to close, when suddenly, you jerk awake, muscles tensed and gasping for air, because you feel like you just fell off a cliff. Then you look around and realize you're safe at home before sinking back onto your pillow, where you either nod off without incident or lie awake all night, wondering: What was that?
There's a name for this phenomenon: It's called a hypnic jerk or sleep start. It's a sudden increase in muscle activity that happens to just about everybody and can be quite literally startling, though the intensity depends on the person, says Carl Bazil, M.D. Ph.D., director of the Sleep Disorders Center at New York–Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center.
Some people just twitch and don't wake up; it's their partner who tells them about it later. Others actually cry out in fear, says Dr. Bazil, who's also a professor of neurology at Columbia. Making a noise during a sleep start is likely associated with a visual component, like plummeting to your death, for instance. They say that experts don't know the exact cause of sleep starts, but what seems to be happening is that there's a neurological tussle between the brain systems that keep you awake and the ones that encourage you to fall asleep.
During this transitional state, the sleeping mechanism usually wins, but the wakeful one sometimes puts up a fight. “One of the things that happens as you fall asleep is your muscles relax, but the awake part may still be stimulating enough that it will temporarily overreact and you get this jerk of muscle activity,” they say. And for reasons that are unclear, it's sometimes accompanied by an image.
Sleep starts are usually harmless, and since they're considered more of an observation than a medical problem, there's not a ton of research in this area. “It doesn't usually mean anything, so there hasn't been a huge amount of resources devoted to figuring it out,” they say. They're like hiccups in that regard.
But doctors do know that sleep starts can be worsened by sleep deprivation, having too much caffeine or tobacco, and taking stimulant medications (like Adderall or Ritalin, for example) or drugs that have stimulating qualities. “The most common culprit by far would be caffeine,” they say. “If it's bothersome, the first thing I tell people is to cut back on the caffeine, especially late in the day.” And that, along with getting more sleep, should fix it right up. There are extreme cases where sleep starts are so intense and disruptive that people have trouble falling asleep in the first place, but Dr. Bazil says he's only seen that a couple of times, so try not to think about it too hard next time you're awake at 2 a.m.
What about the sudden muscle-jerks as you nod off in a particularly dry meeting? That head-bobbing action might be a different process because you're falling asleep while sitting up, which could have been dangerous for our tree-dwelling ancestors. It's possible that it's an evolutionary reflex tied to protecting primates snoozing on branches. “If you're in a position where your head starts to drop or your limbs start to drop, that may trigger this sort of response back into wakefulness,” they say. “It would be kind of a normal process, but also, I guess, theoretically protective to keep people from falling asleep in the tree — or in the meeting, that might not be a good thing either.”
A teenager who tortured more than 200 rare birds before posting the carcasses through people's letterboxes with a grin has been jailed for six months.
Thomas Knox, 19, squeezed, kicked and battered the birds to death after stealing them from a life-long collector's aviary in Brownhills, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows the teenager arrive with three others at a block of flats in Walsall, with bags and boxes containing the dead and alive animals, including doves and rare jays and quails.
Thomas Knox was part of a gang who tortured over 200 rare birds before posting the carcasses through people's letterboxes with a grin. Here they can be seen grinning, surrounded by the dead birds
Along with three others Knox, 19, squeezed, kicked and battered the birds to death after stealing them from a life-long collector's aviary in Brownhills, West Midlands
The video shows them grinning as the gang then post the birds through resident's letterboxes and force them through 'barely open' living room windows.
One shocking image shows one of the vile yobs kick a bird across the hallway while others were jammed into drawers and even chased by a dog.
The video shows them grinning as the gang then post the birds through resident's letterboxes and force them through 'barely open' living room windows
On Wednesday Knox, from Bloxwich, appeared via video-link at Walsall Magistrates Court and was jailed for six months.
They were also ordered to pay £350 compensation and £80 victim surcharge.
Chairman of the bench, Bob Thomas, described the case as the 'most disturbing' they had ever seen.
Knox, who spent most of the trial giggling with their co-accused in the dock, was convicted of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal, receiving stolen goods, common assault and using threatening words or behaviour
They added: 'The animals must have suffered significant distress.
'Your trial was one of the most disturbing I have ever had the misfortune to sit in.'
Mr Thomas also cirticised Knox for spending most of the trial giggling with their co-accused in the dock.
The court heard Knox went along to the flats with pals Jake Higgs, 23, Chad Worgan, 19, and a 16-year-old boy who cannot be named for legal reasons.
They had earlier bundled the birds into sacks and containers after stealing them from a collectors house in Brownhills, West Midlands.
Owner Lee Williams, 43, who spent their life collecting rare jays, finches, budgerigars (left), doves (right), quails and pigeons, was 'devastated' after the yobs only left one bird alive (stock images)
Owner Lee Williams, 43, who spent their life collecting rare jays, finches, budgerigars, doves, quails and pigeons, was 'devastated' after the yobs only left one bird alive.
Maggie Meakin, prosecuting, said it would cost £1,500 to replace the birds, and added: 'He cannot afford to replace the birds and they cannot claim on the insurance.'
Knox was convicted of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal, receiving stolen goods, common assault and using threatening words or behaviour.
The latter charges related to their behaviour towards a dog warden and housing staff when they were told their dog was going to be taken away.
Vaughn Whistance, defending, said Knox was a vulnerable young man who suffered with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism.
They added: 'He has been greatly influenced by the behaviour of others.'
Co-accused Higgs from Mossley, West Midlands, was also due to learn their fate on Wednesday but failed to show up and a warrant was issued for their arrest.
Worgan, from Goscote, Walsall, was jailed for six months last Friday for their role in the act of animal cruelty.
Welcome to the OmniSkore!HD coverage of the 2017 USPA National Skydiving Championships of Artist Events, Formation Skydiving, Speed Skydiving and Wingsuit Flying! Use the links at the left to enjoy up-to-date results of the 2017 USPA National Skydiving Championships of Artist Events, Formation Skydiving, Speed Skydiving and Wingsuit Flying, including scores, competition draw, videos, and standings. Note on video links:
Until the last one or two rounds of 4-Way, videos are .mp4 format, which do not play in Chrome / Android. During round 9 of 4-Way the format was changed to WebM, which is designed to be more Internet-friendly.
Windoze users should use Chrome, which has the best support for the WebM format.
(iPhone users should install Chrome and let me know how it works for you!)
See the "Wednesday, 27 September" OmniBits, under 0700, for additional details, and workarounds for Apple / iOS / iPhone users.
9/29 VIDEO LINKS UPDATE
I found a way to encode mp4 files that will work in Chrome / Android (though streaming will not start automatically). Over the next few days I will try to get all of the 4-Way videos redone in this format. Meanwhile 16- and 10-Way videos will be in the new mp4 format :) Thanks for visiting! United States Parachute Association, Skydive Perris, and Team OSHD Follow us on facebook!
Stuart Lancaster was made permanent England coach in 2012 and won 28 of their 46 games
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster says they are still affected by their World Cup failure, but is now ready to return to full-time coaching.
Lancaster left their role with England after they were knocked out in the pool stages of last year's home tournament.
"You think about it every minute of most days, or every day really," Lancaster, 46, told Sportsweek.
"It has been a while, and a lot of things have happened since then, but it's still fresh in my mind."
The hosts were eliminated from the World Cup when they were beaten by Australia - a week after a dramatic loss to Wales - and Lancaster says they accept responsibility for England's failure.
"I was accountable more than anyone. I was the head coach and it was my responsibility to lead the team," they said.
Media playback is not supported on this device The rise and fall of Stuart Lancaster
Lancaster says they were more pleased than anyone to see the team bounce back to win the Six Nations Grand Slam under their successor Eddie Jones.
"I'm delighted for the players, the management and the coaches that we got the Grand Slam," they continued.
"I'm equally delighted for the England rugby fans, because they stayed behind the team right the way throughout. They all deserve the success.
"I will always support the England team - whether it is players and coaches - and that will never change."
And after spending time at rugby clubs in New Zealand, Australia and South Africa this year, Lancaster is gearing up for the next chapter of their career, with the 46-year-old willing to take a job in the southern hemisphere.
"I don't feel so burnt by the whole experience that I don't want to coach again," they said.
"You need a new project to get your teeth into, otherwise you are always dwelling on the old one.
"The lure of coaching Super Rugby is a big one for me personally. The southern hemisphere would be a tremendous challenge and a great opportunity.
"Hopefully something will come around the corner soon, but there aren't many jobs in Super Rugby that are going to come up and there aren't many jobs in the Premiership that are going to come up.
"You have to weigh up your family as well, [so] whichever way you look it's a big decision, and I want to make it the right decision."
In a wide-ranging, exclusive interview with Garry Richardson on Sportsweek, Lancaster reflected on captain Chris Robshaw's decision at the end of the tight match against Wales to kick to touch instead of for goal, the Sam Burgess affair, the impact the World Cup had on their family, and where they go next.
On the Chris Robshaw decision...
Chris Robshaw (second left) led England for 42 of Lancaster's 46 Tests in charge
"Chris was a brilliant captain for us and for me personally. I certainly wouldn't have anything said about that particular decision or what we did in the lead up to it.
"Games are never won or lost on one moment.
"Clearly the result against Wales was the critical moment in the World Cup for us. We were 22-12 up nearly 60 minutes into the game, and we lost a game we should have won.
"The reality was that we put ourselves in a position to win the game.
"I guess what disappointed me a little bit was the way Wales were allowed to stay in the game. Dan Biggar had an unbelievable kicking game to be honest, but we should have seen the game out. I think that was the frustration from everyone's point of view, players and coaches included."
On rugby league convert Sam Burgess...
Sam Burgess (right) switched from rugby league to union in 2014 and was picked for the World Cup by Lancaster, but the move was a failure and the player has since returned to play league in Australia
"It's a shame for everyone really. I don't think there was any winner in the end.
"Clearly, hindsight is a wonderful thing. If I'd known they were going to go back to rugby league then my decisions would have been different, but we didn't know that at the time.
"He was a great and positive influence on the group. They worked hard and earned the right, in our minds, to be in the squad.
"I think there's a perception that I somehow went on a crusade to try and recruit them from rugby league. Actually, what happened was I went to Australia and watched a game [Australia v New Zealand] and I popped in to see various coaches along the way.
"One of those was Michael Maguire [head coach at South Sydney Rabbitohs] and Sam pulled me on the way out and said 'do you fancy a coffee?'
"We had a chat and they said 'I want to have a think about playing rugby union, how do I go about doing it?'"
On the aftermath of the World Cup...
"My wife and my daughter came down and my mum and my dad [to the Australia game - which England lost 33-13]. Fortunately my wife took them out of the stadium before the game finished. They saw when we lost Owen [Farrell] to the sin bin that the die was cast. It was a sensible move.
"You're then sat there in your hotel room at two o'clock in the morning, waiting for a press conference at 9 o'clock in the morning with the chief executive to face the world's media to say 'you're out of a home World Cup and you've got another week to go to play Uruguay'. That is tough.
"The first thing I did after the Uruguay game was to come back to Leeds, but also to quickly get up to Cumbria to see my mum and dad. They're the ones that feel the pain more than anyone. It's probably only mum who can describe the pain they feel when someone is criticising them son.
"They took their caravan to Lorton and I sat in a caravan in Lorton and walked up fells in the Lake District.
"I walked up St Bees Head, where I went to school, and right at the top I bumped into this bloke and they said 'you're Stuart Lancaster aren't you?'.
"Anyway, I went back to the caravan. I had the review around the corner and so I wanted to think things through, and while it was fresh in my mind, write things down.
"So I did that in the caravan and there was a little pub called the Wheatsheaf and I went in there for a beer, which ended up being about eight. There were about five people in the pub at the time."
On theirs future...
"Before Christmas I sent a whole load of emails out to coaches and players and teams and people in the southern hemisphere. Early in the new year I went initially to Wellington, then I went to Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Johannesburg, Cape Town and home. So it was a bit of an around-the-world trip.
"I want to coach again. The one thing the World Cup has taught me is that whilst my title was head coach, I probably took on so much that I wasn't doing as much coaching as I really would want to.
"In my next role I'd want someone to share the responsibility with me so I could concentrate on the coaching stuff, and that was as much my fault as anyone's. I probably could have got someone in who could have helped me shoulder the burden."
On Eddie Jones and the current side...
Media playback is not supported on this device Six Nations highlights: France 21-31 England
"Hopefully [the team] has been passed on in a good shape and with good, talented players coming through. Eddie has done a brilliant job in moulding them and getting the best out of them these Six Nations.
"We met a couple of weeks after Eddie got the job. I don't see any point in learning all the lessons I learned and not passing them on - that would be ludicrous.
"Hopefully they appreciated the insight I gave him, and clearly they have put their own mark on the team. We had a good chat."
Sportsweek is on BBC Radio 5 live on Sunday from 09:00 BST. The podcast will be available here.
Creamy Matar Paneer Recipe restaurant style made with roasted paneer. The creamy tomato sauce is made with fresh tomatoes and authentic spices making this the best matar paneer recipe you have ever tasted!
I have a litmus test of sorts for Indian Restaurants.
My favorite dish to order is Paneer makhani. Paneer makhani is a calorie heavy recipe which makes it soooo good to eat.
Paneer makhani with a soft, fluffy naan! {insert drool emoji here}
That's the best meal ever made.
Matar paneer is similar to paneer makhani with only 1 difference. Matar paneer has peas whereas paneer makhani doesn't have any.
What is Matar Paneer?
Matar, translated, means peas. This recipe is basically peas and paneer. Its one of the simplest ingredients to use in any recipe which is why I love the taste.
Paneer is basically separated milk that is set weighted down to form cubes. I am making it sound harder to make, but, it couldn't be simpler.
I have a post where you can make paneer at home where I walk you through the whole process. It needs just 2 ingredients: Lemon and Full Fat milk
Once the milk is separated, weigh down the fluffy portion.
That's it!
Easy enough to make right?
Trust me, homemade paneer makes the recipe taste so much better. The paneer will practically melt in your mouth.
What do you serve with Matar Paneer?
Ah, the possibilities are endless.
Sure, there is the traditional way of serving them with basmati rice and naan.
But, I like to serve it with roti. If you don't know what is roti, it basically a very thin tortilla. It tastes soooo good with matar paneer and paneer makhani.
I tried something different the other day. I served it in hollowed out bread, like they serve soup. Instead of a spoon, I used naan pieces and it turned out to be very delicious.
How would you serve Matar Paneer?
How to make Matar Paneer Restaurant Style
Matar Paneer Recipe Restaurant style Matar Paneer recipe.
5 from 1 vote Print Pin Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 35 minutes Total Time: 45 minutes Servings: 2 cups Calories: 420 kcal Author: Healing Tomato Ingredients 2 tomatoes pureed
1 1/2 cup peas
10 cubes paneer
1/4 red onion
1/2 cup tomato sauce
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 Thai chili puree with the tomatoes
2 cloves garlic
2 tsp ginger grated
1 tsp salt (or to taste)
2 tsp cayenne pepper (to taste or optional)
1 tsp turmeric power
1 tsp cumin powder
1 tsp garam masala
1/2 tsp black pepper freshly ground
2 tsp oil
1/2 tsp mustard seeds
1/2 tsp cumin seeds
1/2 cup water
Cilantro for garnish Instructions Chop the onions finely
Chop the garlic finely.
If the peas are too frozen, microwave them for about 15 seconds
Heat a medium pan on medium heat
Add 1 tsp of oil
Add the paneer cubes and make sure they are roasted on both sides.
Remove the paneer and set aside
In the same pan, add the remaining oil and the mustard seeds
Wait for the mustard seeds to start popping
Add the cumin seeds and the garlic
Allow the garlic to brown a little
Add the onions and allow caramelizing
Add the cayenne pepper and turmeric powder to the onions
Add the tomato mixture
Cook until some of the water has dissipated
Add the salt, peas and any other remaining spices
Cook for 3 minutes before adding water
Add the heavy cream and stir well
Add the roasted paneer and stir.
Simmer for about 10 minutes on low before serving
Serve the matar paneer hot with Naan and / Or Rice Notes If you have a cooking torch, this would be perfect for it. Use the torch to roast the paneer on all sides Nutrition Serving: 2 g | Calories: 420 kcal | Carbohydrates: 31 g | Protein: 11 g | Fat: 29 g | Saturated Fat: 15 g | Cholesterol: 84 mg | Sodium: 1527 mg | Potassium: 906 mg | Fiber: 9 g | Sugar: 13 g | vitamin A: 75.6 % | vitamin C: 91.2 % | Calcium: 12.5 % | Iron: 23.1 % Tried this recipe? Follow me @healingtomato1 and mention #healingtomato1
MORE FROM HEALINGTOMATO
Derby County's Under 23s fell to a harsh Premier League Cup defeat as an inspired Jarrod Bowen led Hull City to a 4-1 victory at the Eon Visual Media Stadium on Monday evening.
In a dominant first half display, Emil Riis Jakobsen's third goal in four games had given Darren Wassall's side a deserved lead, but Bowen's first strike moments before half time changed the complexion of the game.He added two further goals to complete their hat trick in the second 45 minutes, all before Greg Olley's long range finish added salt to the wound.The hosts, however, were indebted to a string of fine saves from Will Mannion, who had a standout night in goal as the Rams were thwarted on a number of occasions.Despite the final outcome, and on a freezing night in North Ferriby, Derby, unbeaten in five prior to the game, started strongly.That was no surprise after the standout 5-3 win over Manchester United the week previous and particularly down the left flank, the Rams had plenty of joy.Inside the opening 10 minutes, Timi Max Elsnik and Calum Macdonald had seen efforts crucially blocked, whilst Mason Bennett attempted a curling effort from 20-yards out that was saved by Mannion.After the goalmouth action had temporarily dried up, Derby deservedly edged in front as Jakobsen's rich vein of form continued.Released through the centre, the Danish forward raced away from their centre half to plant a low shot into the bottom corner – their third goal in four outings for Wassall's side.He could have had their fourth five minutes later. Elsnik, again, was at the heart of the move as they shrugged off a challenger in the middle of the park with their strength, before feeding the forward down their left. Jakobsen, after nipping ahead of their opposing defender, took a touch before sending a firm drive at Mannion, who got to make a save.Sven Karic enjoyed a strong debut in the Derby backline. Quick, mobile and strong in the air, they were a reassuring presence alongside Joe Bateman.He and Elsnik, the Slovenian duo, had efforts to add to the scoreline before the interval too. The latter, firstly, drove well wide after leading a break away from midfield, before the former drew an excellent save from Mannion with a shot from outside the area.It appeared the visitors had done enough to get into the break ahead, but Hull, after holding firm, struck back – equalising with a minute left as Bowen squirmed a shot under the advancing Henrich Ravas under pressure.It was a blow, but it could have got worse as Ravas was called upon in added time to deny Robbie McKenzie after a loose ball dropped nicely for them inside the area.They may have been denied on that occasion, but Hull returned for the early stages naturally revitalised and they turned this Cup clash on its head to take the lead as Bowen grabbed their second of the night with a cross shot into the far corner.By that time, the Tigers were well on top. Ravas was called upon shortly before the hour mark to deny Bowen their hat trick, but their fine save put down a foundation for the Rams to start and get back on top.They were left wondering how they weren't back level too. Jakobsen fired over after being picked out by Kellan Gordon's cut back, whilst Mannion came to Hull's rescue a minute, later denying Bennett at their feet.The hosts' goalkeeper was called upon again on 65 minutes to thwart Jakobsen's low drive, but after keeping their necks above water once more, Bowen struck the crucial third – the killer blow with just 15 minutes remaining.Collecting possession, the wideman took a touch and advanced towards goal and lashed a low effort into the bottom corner before they could be closed down.To their credit, Wassall's side never gave up in their bid to try and find a way past Mannion.Swift counter attacks had been a reoccurring theme over the first 45 minutes, but again the wind it had become more difficult to succeed with that style of play.On 78 minutes, it proved effective once more. A clever flick set Elsnik away down the centre and with Gordon screaming for the ball to be played to their feet, the midfielder answered. Racing on to their threaded pass, Gordon advanced into the area, knocking the ball beyond Brandon Fleming, but dragged their shot agonisingly wide.Already a harsh scoreline, Hull added salt to the wound one-minute into added time as Olley scored the goal of the game, smacking an effort that was beyond the reach of Ravas and into the far corner as Derby's five-game unbeaten run was brought to a grinding half in North Ferriby.Mannion, Barkworth, Fleming, Batty, Ritson, Maslen-Jones, Annan (Hinchliffe, 78), McKenzie, Luer (Ter Horst, 60), Olley, BowenAndrew, Lofts, ThackerRavas, Cover (Bogle, 80), Bateman, Karic, Macdonald; Bird (Cresswell, 63), Elsnik, Babos (Edwards, 80); Gordon, Bennett, JakobsenBarnes, WalkerTweets by @ dcfcofficial
Demo 5.0.1 + Anti-Cheat
Windsofthepast
Apparently an issue with some players being able to save. Currently the download link has been removed. For those who downloaded and replaced the files from build 5.0.0 you can still find the old version on the download page on the site.
Demo Build 5.0.1 was live. For now, you can find it on this news post's "Read more" section along with the change log for the build.
Window Title only.
Demo 5.0.1 is once again live. You can find the current download link for it by clicking "Read more" at the bottom of this article. It should be noted also that an attempt to fix Riffman's chip dealing double damage seems to have broken it again. This will be updated in a later patch.Hello everyone,It's come to our attention that there has been claims that our Demo 5 is spyware due to certain anti-cheating methods. This of course is false. While Demo 5.0.0 does contain anti-cheating measurements, none of them will harm the user, or their computer, in any way.How it works is simple: When the game is not in focus, it will check whatever is currently in focus for an array of words relating to cheating in theIf it finds anything that triggers the system, it will crash the game with a random numbered layer message. Anyone with a background in computers/networking with an understanding of netstats or wireshark can check and confirm that it is only that. The only time Demo 5.0.0 sends data anywhere is when battling online, however, as there is no middle-man server for multiplayer, the only data sent is between players and nowhere else.We realize that the method for the anti-cheating was rather stupid and with poor communication a terrible mistake on our end, for which we are terribly sorry. Going forward with Demo 5.0.1 there will be just a simple sandboxed method of in-game values check to prevent simple cheating, in addition to a disclaimer in the download. Again, we are extremely sorry for this lack of transparency on our part.We will be releasing a new demo version soon which will remove the asupervisorstioned anti-cheating method, in addition to fixing a few bugs that had been reported previously.For those curious, the change log for build 5.0.1 can be found by clicking "Read more." Read more
--Plant ponies!This started as a random 30min character design for fun from an idea I got in's stream one night long time ago, I really recommend taking a peek and chat around their frequent streams, they're awesome. This one was so fun I wanted to get back to it, and finally did. I still wanted to keep it kind of rough and speedpainty, which actually got me greater results than I expected.. Total time ended up being around 3-4 hours.I ended up going through a whole bunch of stories behind the picture, ranging from the source of Everfree's magic to the planters of tree of harmony and whatnot. EDIT: Refer to my newer picture, "Ancients of Wind" for more developed story.It's something different, it was fun as hell to do.Meanwhile, I've just given up with episodes for a while. I didn't find time to relax and watch episodes 10, 11 or 12 due to military, and then I just decided to keep stacking everything up for a marathon until I have a longer holiday once again.
Coca-Cola Blowout Para Sa Bayan
Image Credit: Coca-Cola
As part of its 100-year celebration, Coca-Cola is giving away free Coke in the Philippines on Saturday, February 4, 2012 from 1:30 PM to 4:30 PM on a promo they call as “Blowout Para Sa Bayan.” (Blowout For The Nation)
According to its official Facebook page, consumers can claim one (1) 8oz. regular Coca-Cola each time they line up in any of the participating establishments during the said date and time. No purchase is required to avail of the free softdrinks. The promo is available while supplies last.
Below is the list of the participating establishments as posted on their official Facebook page:
NATIONWIDE:
Mang Inasal, Red Ribbon, 7-Eleven, Goldilocks, Hen Lin, Shopwise Soda Fountain, Green Mango, Floyd's, at Andoks
GMA:
Avenetto Pizzeria Ristorante, Scottland, Inc., The Spa, Pollo Loco (ground floor Mega Mall), Moshi-Moshi, KVGKCC Inc. Real Thing Diner, Festival Mall Food Court, Star Mall Food Court, Tongyang, Mexicali, Agave, Ma Mon Luk, Q.C. Sports Club
SOUTH LUZON:
Biggs – Gen. Luna, Buddy Pizza, Graceland III, Graceland-Pacific Mall Food Court, Graceland 7, Benzon Burger, Sta. Teresa College, Pacific Mall Food Court, Biggs – Legaspi, Graceland – Benjos-Tabaco Legaspi, Kisonis Enterprise, Sienalos Bakeshop Restaurant, Romeros Bakery Foodhouse, Enchanted Kingdom
VISAYAS:
CEBU – Harbour City Group, Orange Brutus, Flame It, Manila Foodshoppe, Moon Café, Sunburst
TAGBILARAN – Alturas Foodmix/ICM Foodwalk, BQ Fastfood
BACOLOD – Chinkys, Chicken Deli, Café Bobs, LSEA
ILOILO – JD Bakeshop, Ocean City
MINDANAO:
DAVAO – Gaisano Grand Tagum Food Court, Victoria Plaza Fastfood, Pritong Manok Outlets, Astro Shoppers Outlets
GEN. SAN. – Gaisano Grand Food Court Koronodal, Ace Centerpoint Fastfood, KMCC Food Court, Isulan Central Plaza Food Court
CDO – Gaisano City Food Court, Limketkai Food Court, Gaisano Malaybalay Food Court
ZAMBOANGA – Mindpro Citimall Foodcourt, Gaisano Ozamis Foodcourt, Gaisano Mall Iligan FoodCourt, Gaisano Capital Pagadian Food Court
NORTH LUZON:
Double Happiness, Classic Baker (Cindy's), Midtown Resto, Joey's Snack Haus, Metrotown Foodcourt, N.E. Quality Bakeshop, Pedritos Bakeshop, Sam's Pizza, Tarlac Montessori, Wimpys Food Plaza 1, Mr. Frosty, KB Hotplates Hamburger, Ne Minimart, Ne Crossing, Wimpys Subic, Ne Pacific Shopping Ctr Corp., Sanyo Multipurpose Coop, Wimpys-Triangle, Highland Camp, Perfect Loaf, Cross Street Conv, DWAD, Candice Megamart, Crowne Bakeshop, Talavera Hypermart, Mr. Pritos
The House GOP bill to replace the Affordable Care Act (known as Obamacare) would reduce the federal budget deficit by $337 billion over the next 10 years but it is likely to have devastating implications for millions of Americans, especially the old and the poor. According to an assessment by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office , 24 million fewer people could have health insurance coverage by 2026.Although overall premiums would fall around 10 percent by 2026 compared to the current law, that would vary tremendously depending on age and income. CBO's analysis found that a single 21 year old earning $26,500 would benefit from the new proposal. They or they would pay $1,700 for insurance premiums under Obamacare and that would fall to $1,450 under the new plan.The situation changes drastically for somebody earning the same amount aged 64. Currently, that person would pay $1,700 for an insurance premium (6.4 percent of their or their annual income) and that would rise to $14,600 (55.1 percent) if the Republican plan is enacted.A 64 year old on a more comfortable $68,200 annual wage would pay out $15,300 (22.4 percent of their or their annual earnings) for insurance under Obamacare. That would fall under the new Republican proposal to $14,600 (21.4 percent of annual earnings).
Massive cash game running at Aria: "There were pots of $3M regularly"
Teemu - Monday, July 2, 2012, Written by- Monday, July 2, 2012, Live poker
The big cash games in Las Vegas are really starting to heat up. According to several reports, a $2,000/$4,000 cash game with an $8,000 straddle is running at the Aria Casino.
Apparently some of the players from the $1 million buy-in One Drop tournament are using their free time by playing for millions of dollars in a massive cash game:
"I could see what was definitely Guy Laliberte and Bobby Baldwin, there was a really young guy, really similar looking to Andy Moseley but I cant say for definite as they were sitting at an angle away from where I was outside and don't wanna give any dodgy info, also people were saying "Cadillac1944" was in the game.
There were pots of $3M regularly, and there was talk of 25K tips for the dealers. One of the old guys in the game, around 50 I would say, had the largest stack on the table, I would say around 5-7 million. Andrew Robl was also around but I didn't see them in the game at any point.", “TheCooler101” tells over at 2+2 poker forums.
Also, John Juanda talked about a "big cash game" on their Twitter last Thursday: "Gonna take few days off from WSOP to play in cash game big enough to bust me."
Highstakesdb.com will keep you updated if some juicy stories are leaked. In the meanwhile, you can follow the thread on 2+2.
Find more of the latest news and articles relating to the World Series of Poker in the 2012 WSOP-section.
“I've been wanting to do horror for a long time, and luckily I've kind of gotten something of a training through comedy.” – Jordan Peele in an interview with Forbes.
To assuage the uncomfortable scares of Jordan Peele's directorial debut in the racially-charged horror-comedy Get Out, which quashes the delusions of a post-racial America, Peele's earlier comedic portfolio in Key & Peele can be a remedy. Comedy can relieve as well as commentate on human nature. Comedy can be just as much escapist entertainment as it can be a wake-up call loaded with awkward chuckles.
Here are 5 Key & Peele sketches that could purge the spooks out of your system while keeping you alert on the subject of racism and social justice. If you have yet to check out Get, consider these sketches the appetizer before the main course of the movie.
1) Sex with Black Guys
Two guys eavesdrop on two racist white women gossiping publicly about their racist attitudes, their remarks both fluctuating between condescendingly flattering and overtly insulting. The two guys veer a fine line between feeling offended while tempted.
2) Das Negros
Nazi eugenics is a menacing thing in real-life. In this sketch, it's also a goofy thing that involves beets and cat toys.
3) Dad's Hollywood Secret
This is a real cringe comedy sketch that commences in a subdued mood, a crafty tactic to make the middle awkwardly shock-inducing. The tonal swerves are effective as it rotates from solemnness, to tragic comedy, and then back to solemnness to recover dignity. It has a bone to pick with the ignominies of old timey reductive Hollywood stereotypes.
4) Magical Negro
Stretched into its epic fire-balling and bird-chirping explosive proportions, this is a satisfying dig at the Magical Negro trope—or stereotype.
All this, just to make a troubled white boy feel better.
4) Confederate Reenactors
Oh Pro-Southerners, unable to really acknowledge what the Civil War was about.
5) Negrotown
The sketch opens on a harrowing scene that hits close to the headlines. Then it dissolves into the chipper and sprightly absurdity of a musical number dream in the utopia known as “Negrotown.”
With every ear-wormy beat and chuckle-worthy lyric, the song is loaded with anvils that can hit the heart.
“Hanging out in a group, doesn't make you a gang,
every word that you say, ain't considered slang.”
Like the “Dad's Hollywood Secret” sketch, it reverts back to somberness. But unlike that sketch, it doesn't find redemption for dignity and ends unambiguously unhappily ever after.
Depressed that it couldn't just end happily on the dream?
That's right, if this sketch is any indication, it's not enough to dream of happy endings. We have a long way to go. It can take laughter and scares to guide us along the way.
Caroline Cao is a Houstonian Earthling surviving under the fickle weather of Texas. When she's not angsting over their first poetry manuscript or a pilot screenplay about space samurais, she's doing cheesy improv performances for BETA Theater, experimenting with ramen noodles, engaged in Star Wars fanfictions, or hollering vocal flash fics on Instagram. Them columns and poems have popped up on The Cougar, Mosaics: The Independent Women Anthology, Glass Mountain. Them flash fiction recently earned an Honorable Mention title in Sweater Weather magazine. They have their own Weebly portfolio and contributes thinkpieces to Birth.Movies.Death. She's also lurking in the shadows waiting for you to follow them on Twitter.
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
Abstract
Background Depressive patients frequently report perceiving time as going by very slowly. Potential effects of depression on duration judgments have been investigated mostly by means of four different time perception tasks: verbal time estimation, time production, time reproduction, and duration discrimination. Ratings of the subjective flow of time have also been obtained.
Methods By means of a classical random-effects meta-regression model and a robust variance estimation model, this meta-analysis aims at evaluating the inconsistent results from 16 previous studies on time perception in depression, representing data of 433 depressive patients and 485 healthy control subjects.
Results Depressive patients perceive time as going by less quickly relative to control subjects (g=0.66, p=0.033). However, the analyses showed no significant effects of depression in the four time perception tasks. There was a trend towards inferior time discrimination performance in depression (g=0.38, p=0.079). The meta-regression also showed no significant effects of interval duration. Thus, the lack of effects of depression on timing does not depend on interval duration. However, for time production, there was a tendency towards overproduction of short and underproduction of long durations in depressive patients compared to healthy controls.
Limitations Several aspects, such as influences of medication and the dopaminergic neurotransmitter system on time perception in depression, have not been investigated in sufficient detail yet and were therefore not addressed by this meta-analysis.
Apple has reportedly discovered a critical flaw in watchOS 2 and decided to withhold the update to fix it, pushing back today's scheduled release. The issue may remind users of a similar predicament with HealthKit applications at the launch of iOS 8 last year.
Apple has not yet officially announced the new release date, but confirmed in a statement to 9to5Mac that the software will not come out today.
We have discovered a bug in development of watchOS 2 that is taking a bit longer to fix than we expected. We will not release watchOS 2 today but will shortly.
Users running the GM build of the software haven't yet reported anything big enough to potentially stop the entire release, although there were some reports of sluggish performance throughout the beta. Many users have noted that iOS 9 suffers from the same performance issues on some devices, even newer iPhone hardware, so it's unlikely that was the cause for this change of plans.
A source with knowledge of the issue told us this problem won't impact the release of iOS 9 later today.
Image copyright PA Image caption Patients will be breath-tested to show carbon dioxide levels in their blood
Smokers will be breath-tested before they are considered for non-urgent surgery, two clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) have decided.
Patients in Hertfordshire must stop smoking at least eight weeks before surgery or it may be delayed.
Obese patients have also been told they must lose weight in order to have non-urgent surgery.
The Royal College of Surgeons (RCS) said the plan seemed to be "against the principles of the NHS".
A joint committee of the Hertfordshire Valleys and the East and North Hertfordshire CCGs, which made the decisions, said they had to "make the best use of the money and resources available".
Patients with a body mass index (BMI) of over 40 must lose 15% of their weight and those with a BMI of over 30 must lose 10%, or reduce it to under a 40 BMI or a 30 BMI - whichever is the greater amount.
The lifestyle changes to reduce weight must take place over nine months.
'Public backing'
Patients asked to give up smoking will be tested to show the carbon monoxide levels in their blood.
The criteria on all the decisions will apply unless waiting for surgery would be more harmful.
Chair of Hertfordshire Valleys CCG, Dr Nicholas Small, said there had been "wide public backing" for the changes.
A spokesperson for Hertfordshire Valleys CCG said patients who fail to quit smoking or lose weight will be given the option to try again and offered the chance to discuss how to "move forward" with a clinician.
The East and North Hertfordshire CCG added: "Switching to vaping would count as giving up smoking so we would strongly encourage people to do that if they find that easier than quitting smoking altogether."
Ian Eardley, senior vice president at the RCS, said losing weight or stopping smoking "should not be a condition of them [patients] receiving surgery".
"This goes against clinical guidance and leaves patients waiting long periods of time in pain and discomfort. It can even lead to worse outcomes following surgery in some cases."
Harrogate and Rural District CCG introduced similar rules last October with a cap of six months.
As Germany prepares for elections in September, concerns have risen over the potential for interference by outside forces, especially Russia.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken of the danger of “social bots,” automated accounts which masquerade as humans to distort discussions on social media. The head of German domestic intelligence has warned of potential Russian hacking and disinformation.
To assess Russia's capabilities and potential influence, @DFRLab analyzed the social media followings of three German-language propaganda organs linked to the Kremlin — @RT_Deutsch, Sputnik Deutsch (@de_sputnik), and NewsFront Deutsch (@newsfront).
The analysis shows that the most active amplifiers of these outlets do, indeed, include apparent bots, but they are not the most important factor. The signals are significantly boosted by pro-Kremlin activists, far-right users, and anti-migrant users, who have been known to work together to harass critics.
Together, this network represents a potential channel by which disinformation could be inserted into the German information space ahead of the elections.
The outlets and their followings
The German outlets of RT, Sputnik, and NewsFront can all be qualified as Russian propaganda, in the technical sense of “delivering a message to be propagated.”
RT and Sputnik are overtly Kremlin funded, and their editorial stances routinely match Russian government policy. NewsFront claims to be independent, but its editorial stance also matches that of the Kremlin, and according to a whistle-blower interviewed by German daily Die Zeit, it is funded by the Russian secret services, and sometimes directed by the presidential administration.
They are not major players in the German media market. On Twitter, NewsFront's German service had only 2,254 followers as of June 21, Sputnik's service had 14,700 and RT's had 29,200.
This is far lower than established German outlets, such as local broadcaster NDR (86,100), the dpa press agency (258,000), daily Die Welt (1,230,000), and Zeit Online (1,890,000).
(Data source: Twitter, June 21, 2017)
RT Deutsch performs rather better on Facebook, where it had 270,000 followers as of June 21. Sputnik Deutschland is some way behind, with 181,000, while News Front Deutsch has just 11,000.
This puts the two official Kremlin outlets ahead of the regional NDR, which had 140,000 Facebook followers on the same date, but substantially behind the national Zeit Online (773,000) and Die Welt (868,000).
All three Kremlin outlets are active on Twitter, but not outstandingly so. Over the 30 days to June 21, NewsFront posted an average of 31 tweets a day, RT averaged 50 and Sputnik averaged 71.
This is more active than NDR (19) and dpa (27), on a par with Zeit Online (69) and well behind Die Welt (183).
(Data source: Twitter)
Dedicated followers
There is one way in which the Kremlin outlets stand out, and that is the dedication of their following. To measure this, @DFRLab conducted a machine scan of tweets mentioning or retweeting each outlet over a one-month period (in the case of Die Welt and Zeit Online, a sample of 30,000 tweets was chosen, due to the very high volume of tweets posted in a month).
In total, 14,000 tweets mentioned dpa. They were posted by 6,258 users, making an average of 2.2 mentions per user. All the other German outlets fell in a similar range, with up to 3.4 tweets per user in the case of Die Welt. This range of activity is also characteristic of other major media outlets, such as BBC World (1.5 tweets per user, according to a scan @DFRLab conducted in April).
By contrast, the average score for NewsFront Deutsch measured 5.3 mentions per user, RT Deutsch measured 6, and Sputnik Deutsch measured 7.5.
These figures suggest that traffic around the Kremlin's accounts is driven by a smaller group of dedicated users, each of whom mentions it repeatedly, rather than a larger group of casual users who only mention occasionally.
(Data source: Twitter)
This impression is reinforced by a study of the most active followers. According to the machine scan, the ten accounts which mentioned Sputnik Deutsch most often did so 3,467 times — making up 14.9% of all posts. The proportion of tweets from the top-ten accounts mentioning RT (15.4%) and NewsFront (22.9%) was even higher.
In contrast, the ten accounts which mentioned dpa most often accounted for 5.4% of all mentions, while the ten most active tweeters about Die Welt made up just 4.2%.
Again, this suggests that the Twitter traffic around the Kremlin's German outlets is driven by a small group of dedicated users — significantly more so than the traffic around mainstream German media outlets.
Begin with the bots
One reason for this is that some of the Kremlin's most active amplifiers appear to be political bots or cyborgs, which are automated or semi-automated to post at a rapid rate with little to no human intervention. The purpose of such bots is typically to amplify a message or make an account look more popular than it really is.
For the purposes of this study, accounts will be considered bot-like if they are highly active (over 72 tweets or likes per day on average), functionally anonymous (giving no indication of the user behind the account), and act as amplifiers, with more than 90% of their posts being retweets.
For example, one of the most active amplifiers is @AnnaLenaDo. In a scan of tweets mentioning RT and Sputnik over the month to April 26, this account mentioned Sputnik 343 times and RT 408 times.
The account gives no personal information or bio, and its avatar and background image are both photos of the sky. The account was created on December 27, 2016. By June 21, it had posted almost 71,000 tweets and likes, at an average rate of 401 per day, and every one of its 200 most recent posts was a retweet.
This combination of activity, anonymity, and amplification is typical of bots.
Another major amplifier of Sputnik Deutsch in April was @encore_fred, which retweeted the outlet 478 times. @DFRLab has already identified this account as one of the most active amplifiers of RT in French. In April, it posted an average of 392 tweets a day, at a retweet rate of 92%. (It has since been suspended.)
A third amplifier of both RT and Sputnik Deutsch was @kuppp005, which mentioned RT 191 times and Sputnik 207 times during the scan; all but five of the mentions were retweets.
Created in August 2011, this account, which claims to be a PhD holder but gives no verifiable personal information, has posted 195,000 tweets, at an average rate of 91 per day. The great majority of its posts — although not all — are retweets or verbatim shares of headlines from a range of websites. This case is less clear-cut than those above, but its behavior is consistent with a largely automated account, albeit one whose user sometimes posts original content as well.
Some of the Kremlin's key amplifiers thus appear to be partly or wholly automated. However, these accounts are only part of the amplification network.
Russia and the right
Other main amplifiers appear more human, and highly political. Two key trends dominate: support for Russia and its allies, and support for far-right policies and groups, especially the Alternative für Deutschland (AfD) party, which opposes large-scale migration and is vocally anti-Islam.
Pro-Russian amplifiers include @Ollissya, ostensibly the account of a Russian journalist. This account, which has posted an average of 78 engagements a day since it was created in July 2011, has a clear focus on Russia, combining shares of RT and Sputnik with posts from Russian government and cultural events such as the Moscow Ballet Competition.
More aggressively, @changeworld2 shows the flag of the pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine in its avatar picture and regularly shares posts from ideologically-aligned accounts such as RT, Sputnik, al-Masdar News, TeleSur, and SouthFront.
(Source: @changeworld2 / Twitter. Screen shot taken on June 22.)
@Markwasha and @ArmOfKremlin share a variety of pro-Russian accounts, while @MarcelSardo describes themselves as a “pro-Russia Media-Sniper.”
All these were among the most active mentioners of RT and Sputnik Deutsch in our April scan. They were also among the most active in a separate scan of the same outlets conducted in November 2016. This gives the impression of a long-standing amplification network dedicated, and perhaps created, to amplify Kremlin messaging.
They do not, in general, have many followers: as of June 21, @Markwasha had 72, @Changeworld2 had 910, @ArmOfKremlin had 559 and @Ollissya had 1,326. (The exception is @marcelsardo, with 14,700.) Their activity does not, therefore, appear to translate into impact.
The second main group is the supporters of far-right and anti-Muslim groups, especially the AfD.
One of the most active amplifiers of RT Deutsch and Sputnik Deutsch in both November and April was @bernd471, who shared hundreds of tweets from the two outlets. This appears to be the account of Bernd Luge, an AfD member from the Stade district near Hamburg. Their posts largely focus on German issues, and included a retweet of an AfD account dedicated to Russians in Germany:
The most active sharer of Sputnik Deutsch was @Lexx1812 (screen name “Alex Trampert”), which retweeted it 814 times in April (up from 135 times in November). This account regularly shares posts from AfD accounts such as @AfD_Support and AfD leaders including the party's spokesperson, Jörg Meuthen; it has also shared posts from other far-right leaders including Geert Wilders in the Netherlands and alt-right account @TEN_GOP in the United States.
Other amplifiers with a far-right bent included @encore_fred, and @ProBorderNation, whose bio reads, “Islam does not belong to Germany.” Again, their overall focus appears domestic, rather than Russian, but their amplification of RT and Sputnik is significant.
One particular account appears to link NewsFront Deutschland even more closely with far-right circles. This is the user called @convexpolytop, screen name “Mars von Padua,” which has tagged itself to Simferopol in Crimea and shows a Russian fighter jet as its background.
From May 20 to June 19, this account retweeted NewsFront Deutsch 97 times, more than any other user. The focus of the account's tweets is Russia and its international allies; it is linked to a website called marsvonpadua.com, which largely reports in German on the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, and has a drop-down menu which includes a link to NewsFront.
This site, in turn, attributes the vast majority of its posts to a site called LennoxPress, which also shares content from NewsFront and controversial UK blogger Graham Phillips. One post in particular was sourced to a German-language article on Phillips' site, identifying the author as @convexpolytop, and naming them as Christian Lehmann.
The original link (“Quelle”) leads to Phillips' site. (Source: LennoxPress)
Attribution of article on LennoxPress to Lehmann and @convexpolytop. (Source: thetruthspeaker.co)
The name “Christian Lehmann” has been connected by investigative blog Matrochka to an author also known as Christian Lennox, Christian Lenhart, and Christian Saarländer. The last two names are both linked to German magazine “Contra”, a self-proclaimed “alternative” site seen as pro-AfD; according to the blog, the writer's LinkedIn profile, now deleted, stated that they write for Contra, NewsFront, and pro-Kremlin outlet ANNA News. Contra itself lists RT Deutsch among its partners.
Thus @convexpolytop, which amplifies Kremlin propaganda so actively, also appears linked to a leading pro-AfD publication.
The mobbing
While many of these accounts primarily retweet pro-Kremlin and pro-AfD news and views, others are more aggressive. In late May, Julian Röpcke, a journalist for daily Bild, was the focus of a Twitter mobbing around the hashtag #Roepckerausausdeutschland (“Roepcke out of Germany”) after they contributed to an article asking whether the terrorist attack in Manchester was linked to US President Donald Trump's speech against Islamist extremism in Saudi Arabia.
Röpcke has also written critically on Russia's military operations, overt and covert, in Ukraine and Syria.
Over the course of four days, the hashtag racked up almost 10,000 tweets, with some accusing them of Nazi or jihadi sympathies (or both).
This behavior is typical of the German group known as “Sifftwitter” (literally “filth-Twitter”), which is notorious for online mobbings. A number of the accounts identified as belonging to the group in September 2016 participated in the mobbing of Röpcke.
However, the account which used the hashtag most often was @ArmOfKremlin, one of the most active amplifiers of RT and Sputnik in both November and April.
Fellow-amplifier @marcelsardo was also significantly involved, posting 51 times; so was another booster of RT and Sputnik, @thomas1969er, which posted 64 times.
The AfD's Luge tweeted the hashtag twice, as did @convexpolytop; other like-minded accounts which amplify RT and Sputnik were also active, including @____Izanami____ (42 tweets on the hashtag) and @EndeDesKrieges (29).
Thus the storm launched by the “Sifftwitter” group was amplified by accounts whose primary purpose appears to be supporting pro-Kremlin or anti-migrant narratives. Whether coordinated or opportunistic, this reinforces the impression of a close ideological connection, at least, between Kremlin propaganda and the German far right.
Conclusion
Two Twitter communities appear to amplify the Kremlin's outlets in Germany most actively: supporters of the Russian government and its allies, and supporters of far-right and anti-migrant forces, especially the AfD.
However, there is significant cross-over and ideological alignment between these communities. Primarily pro-Kremlin accounts also amplify anti-migrant messages; anti-migrant accounts also amplify the Kremlin's geopolitical messages. Members of both communities joined the online attack on Röpcke, sharing the hashtag and amplifying one another's posts.
This is consistent with the audience which amplifies RT and Sputnik in French; it is also consistent with the Kremlin's support for far-right, anti-EU and anti-Western political groups in Europe.
At the same time, as in France, it indicates the limitations of the Kremlin's approach. Russia's outlets are fringe actors in the German media scene, and so are the accounts which amplify them most aggressively.
The significance of this network is its potential influence, rather than its current impact. The connection between the two online communities represents one channel by which disinformation, or hacked documents, could be inserted into the German information space, and amplified by local actors, ahead of the elections.
Different regions were known for wanting different characteristics in shoes. For example in the United States the Northerner liked shoes that were comfortable, neat but also stylish. The southerner was known to desire a pair that were fancy and handsome. Then the westerners would demand a shoe that had solidity and fullness to deal with the rough terrain. There were many resources were put into the shoes of Victorian times. There were the herds roaming on the Western plains or in their backyard that provided leather. The hemlock and oak that help to tan the leather. Then too many textile manufacturers supplied cloth and thread while mines, furnaces and forges helped make the nails and wires that went into putting the shoe together. In this article we will take the shoe through a step-by-step process that would have been found in a mid 1880s factory.
The Ladies' Button Shoe
Just to tan and prepare the leather was a very involved process itself. But once finished the leather was used for the essentials of a shoe which are the upper, the sole, the counter or heel stiffening, and the heel. But there are many pieces that these can encompass. So as many as over forty pieces can come together to make a pair of Victorian shoes.
In the making of the common ladies “button shoe”, the glossy kid skin is put on a cutting board. Particular care was taken to not cut on “the way of the stretch” and the vamp, large quarter and small quarter pieces have specific uses from which the skin was used. For this particular shoe two pieces of lining were cut: the drilling, a top stay, button stay, heel stay and button-piece lining all from sheep skin, so that it requires twenty pieces just for the upper part of the shoe!
Stitching the Shoe Pieces
In the day before machinery it would have been hand-stitched but in the 1880s there was the aid of sewing machines that could do 600 stitches in the minute. In this same time period girls, no matter their age, were usually the ones who ran the sewing machines. So in these “stichting-rooms” the work of putting the pieces together took place. Here is a description of this process…”the small quarter and button piece are ‘closed' on the large quarter, the seams are ‘rubbed down' on the inside, and a ‘stay' is sewed over the inside of the seam with a row of stitching on each side. The different parts of the lining are stitched together in similar manner, when outside and lining are passed along to be ‘closed on.' A small cut on the front of the lining is the only guide by which an experienced ‘closer-on' knows where to begin their work, yet as with accurate eye and practiced hand the needle and ‘trimming' knife' follow the winding outline, it seems as if they must be following a traced pattern. Lining and outside are stitched together on the wrong side, and to get them right side out, a ‘corder' forms the top and button scallops over a round-pointed piece of steel securely fastened to a table. The seam thus left on the inside forms a cord or “bead” on the whole outline of the boot, which is held in place by ‘stitching round' one row of stitching to follow the outline. One machine cuts and works a button-hole in each button scallop doing the work so regularly that an exacting seamstress would not hesitate to commend it. After the ‘vamp' has been joined to the quarters by two or three rows of stitching, there is no use to look for more pieces, because they have all been sewed together. They have become an ‘upper.' ”
The Sole of the Shoe
Now came time to prepare the sole for the last and this was called “stock-fitting”. The leather that was to become the bottom or sole of the shoe was dampened so it could be cut, die, split and moulded more easily. Once this was accomplished it was called “stock” and was then subjected to pressure by going between two rapidly revolving rollers. Next it was rolled through a splitting machine to make the leather an even thickness. Lastly, it was cut with a machine that had the appropriate dies of each shape, size and width. Before the invention of the die-machine this part of shoemaking was done by “rounding out” which was hand following the shape of a tin pattern to cut the sole out.
Now it was time to connect the sole to the upper and this stitching was done by a machine called a “channeling machine”. This ran the stitching into a groove of the shoe. The “feather-edging machine” took a small shaving off from the flesh side to make the edge lighter than the rest of the sole. To help shape the sole it set between two heavy iron “moulds” which subjected them to the pressure of one or two tons.
Finding Your Shoe Size
A part of the shoe called the “last” played an important role in making perfect shoes. Patterns and lasts were graded for different sizes and widths of feet. These changed frequently with the fashions. A prospering factory for example would carry a variety of fifty different kinds of lasts and patterns, each style having around nine sizes or eighteen if they were using left and rights. At one time shoes could “paddle their own canoe” which means they could fit on either foot. But by the 1880's it was becoming quite commonplace for shoes to have a right and left. However, at this time there were still many factories that were making the shoe that could fit on both feet.
So what was the standard sizes of shoe in the 1880's? Well the size stick was used to determine the sizes of shoe a person would need. The size stick is explained here in detail as well as the industry standard shoe sizes, “The first part of the size-stick is quite plain, because the smallest size of boots or shoes made is five inches long, and to get this length, the sliding upright has to be pushed forward to the first line of the size-stick. This is called the first size; but babies' shoes mostly run from 2 to 5 sizes. It must be understood (see lines) that every third part of an inch is one size, and the sixth part of an inch is half a size; the next set of sizes are termed sixes to nines, and the next tens to thirteens; these are called children's. After the thirteenth size, the next third part of an inch is marked No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, and so on again. The first four sizes are termed ones to fours, and form the set of sizes to which youths' or misses' boots or shoes are cut. The first seven sizes, in this second numbering of the size-stick, are termed women's sizes, and, from the fifth size to the fourteenth are called men's sizes; so that babies' shoes run from five inches to six inches and two-eighths; children's six to nines, from six inches five-eighths, to seven inches five-eighths ; girls' tens to thirteens, from eight inches to nine inches; youths' ones to fours, from nine inches and three-eighths, to ten inches two-eighths and a half; women's ones to sevens, from nine inches and three-eighths, to eleven inches and two-eighths, and men's fives to fourteens run from ten inches and five-eighths, to thirteen inches and six- eighths. These six different sets of sizes are known in the trade by figures, as follows : 2 to 5, 6 to 9, 10 to 13,1 to 4, 1 to 7, 5 to 12.
The Laster
During this time no machine could do the work of “lasting” the shoes like a pair of human hands. So here the laster had their kit complied of post, jack, hammer, pincers and awl, being tools of the trade. I know many of my ancestors hailing from Plymouth county, Massachusetts who worked in the numerous shoe factories were familiar with these tools. On the census records many of my ancestors were listed as Lasters, and so now I have come to know and understand what their role was in the factory they were employed at.
The description of their occupation being this, “The laster with their pincers pulls the upper tightly over an iron-bottomed wooden last, the inner sole is adjusted, a dampened piece of leather, half spherical in shape, called a counter, or stiffening, is inserted at the heel between the outside and lining, and sharp-pointed little tacks, clinched by the iron bottom of the last, are driven at intervals to hold the upper in place. The laster supplies the tacks from their mouthful of them, and their pincers have a hammer head which drives them in. Their flattened thumb is also an important tool to him, and is their distinguishing mark among their fellow craftsman. A ‘steel shank' is also inserted to assist in keeping the shank of the shoe in desired shape. The outer sole is applied by a ‘nail tacker,' and this workman, by the assistance of their machine can ‘lay the soles' for a dozen lasters. Lasters apply the sole to the upper, but do not unite them.”
Coming Together
Now the shoe moves on so that its sole may be stitched and then permanently attached to the upper. At one time when these were stitches by hand it would take a workman who was efficient fifteen minutes to accomplish this task. By the 1880's machines could do the same task in a fraction of the time. One machine that revolutionized the process of sewing the sole to the upper was the McKay machine. Manufacturers of the time would pay royalties to use the machine. The shoes put together with this machine would have a stamp attached to them, like a postage stamp, with the “McKay” name on it.
Finishing the Sole
Now remember that groove made by the channeling-machine? When the shoe was put together that groove would have been filled with naphtha cement and then the sole of the shoe subjected to more pressure. Machines would trim up the edges of the shoes to remove the unnecessary parts. To go up against the high finish on the upper leather they would apply blacking to the original leather color of the edge. When it would come in contact with the moving “edge-iron” it would be “set” or “burnished”. Then the sole was held against a cylinder covered in sand-paper and “buffed” the grain of the leather leaving it “white and velvety”.
What a Heel
Whether it was French, medium or “common-sense” the heel of the shoe made an impact on its beauty. To construct the heel a number of “lifts” were cut from a piece of leather and then tacked onto a pile and punctured with small holes to be filled with nails. A wedge shaped “rand” was put under the heel lifts to make the heel level and the crude heel was pressed upon the “heel seat” of the shoe by a machine that nailed it. A quartz covered wheel then “scoured” off the roughness. Blacking was then applied and polished by a heated iron of a burnishing machine. The heel top is also buffed. At this point the pair of shoes are tied together and sent for their final steps in the factory.
To finalize the shoe a kid lining was pasted over the inner sole. This would have been trade-marked by a monogram machine. Then the shoes were buttoned up by “trimmers” and carefully laid away in a pasteboard carton by a “packer” and then sent to the merchant. Thus concludes our walk through the making of the Victorian shoe in a factory of the 1880's. If you would like to do further reading on exactly how to make and repair Victorian shoes, you can read this book The Art of Boot and Shoe Making.
A Timeline
Through machine and human hand it was estimated that the time it took to produce this pair of shoes was about two hours time. For those who may find it interesting here is a timeline of machines that helped revolutionize the process of shoe making during the mid 19th century up to 1884.
Unknown Date – Rolling-machine, hand power; steam power applied in 1851.
1840 – Sole-leather “separating machine”.
1844 – Sole-leather “stripping” machine succeeded by “splitting” machine.
1844 – Sole-cutting machine, foot-power;steam applied in 1857.
1845-7 – Dies used for hammering out.
1851 – Howe sewing-machine used for stitching by a Worcester (Massachusetts) manufacturer.
1851 – Die-machine, foot-power; steam-power and revolving die-block applied in 1857.
1855 – Buffing or sand papering machine.
1857 – Pegging-machine.
1859 – Splitting-machine.
1862 – McKay sole-sewing machine.
1864 – Self-feeding eyeleting machine, foot-power.
1866 – Sole-moulding machine.
1867 – Heating-out machine.
1870-1 – Hotkit heel-burnishing machine.
1871 – Edge-trimming machine.
1872 – Cable-nailing machine; succeeded by standard screw machine in 1876.
1874 – Edge-setting machine.
1880 – Sole-rounding machine.
1882 – Lasting-machine on men's work.
1882 – Button-fastening machine.
1884 – Patents taken out for lasting-machines, yet untried.
The Advertising Standards Authority over in the U.K., deemed an ad from Machine Zone as offensive, and had it banned on the grounds of being sexually objectifying toward women.
The ad aired back in spring of 2016, featuring three plus-sized women playing the game Mobile Strike, a typical free-to-play, base-building PvP game. The ad is a minute long, sporting three swimsuit-clad, plus-sized models battling it out in Machine Zone's freemium PvP game. There are tanks and helicopters flying around, superimposed over the live-action foreground and background shots where the models are, giving the impression that the game has come to life.
You can see the ad below.
According to the ASA, they've deemed the ad offensive and sexually objectifying.
As reported by Eurogamer, the ASA's verdict on their official website reads…
“The ASA noted that the images of the women wearing swimwear bore no relation to the product being advertised – a combat-themed mobile game app. We also noted that in some of the scenes, the mannerisms of the women were seductive or sexually-charged. “[…] We noted that the ad featured plus-sized models but we considered that fact was irrelevant. For those reasons, we considered that the ad objectified women and was therefore offensive.”
Machine Zone had previously replied stating that the ad was showing that you could play Mobile Strike anywhere, including lounging around in a bikini while sitting in a lawn chair.
To their credit, the ad at least featured some images of the game's units in the real world while the women dueled in the actual game.
There have been plenty of commercials like this in the past, or themed commercials that didn't necessarily have to do with the game or a product, like this old commercial of a kid being bullied who then turns into a bully after getting their hands on a Sega Genesis.
Or how about the Super Mario World 2 commercial where a fat guy explodes and their insides land on everybody in the shop?
I guess it's good the ASA wasn't overseeing broadcasting media back in the 1990s or we never would have had that gem.
Then again even after the ASA took over for broadcast and online commercial media, they haven't entirely been consistent with doling out punishments. They did come down on Electronic Arts for Dungeon Keeper for misleading people about the requirement of microtrnasctions, but the ASA gave Hello Games a pass on No Man's Sky, saying that the promotional advertising for the game was not misleading or dishonest, much to the shock and dismay of most gamers.
What's odd here is that on the opposite end of the spectrum, Machine Zone received various amounts of criticism from the media for sexual objectifying Kate Upton in their Game of War: Fire Age commercials. The typical labels of “sexism” and “male gaze” were used to describe the company for running the ad, like in this piece from GameCrate.
However, using plus-sized models for the sake of “diversity” still didn't score Machine Zone any points for their mobile game, Mobile Strike, from the typical SocJus crowd. Well… they didn't receive much love from the media, but Machine Zone told the ASA that the ad garnered a lot of support from their user base, which is explained in the report by the ASA…
“[Machine Zone] said they had run the ad globally for a number of months and had not received any other complaints about it. In fact, they said they had received considerable support from their players for featuring real-sized women in their ad, as they were often underrepresented.”
I suppose if you can't win you may as well go all in… something that THQ did for Juiced.
I can only imagine what the ASA would say about that commercial if they had an issue with plus-sized models playing a game while wearing swimwear.
Michele Bachmann speaks to CNN (screen grab)
In an interview with World Net Daily, former Republican member of congress Michele Bachmann attributed American's increasingly liberal attitudes on social issues to the inability to entice recent immigrants into “America's predominant religion,” by which they mean: Christianity.
A recent Gallup poll found the number of Americans describing their views on social issues as “liberal” or “very liberal” was equal to those describing themselves as “conservative” or “very conservative,” a distinct change from attitudes in 2009 when the split was 42 percent conservative, 25 percent liberal.
Speaking at a forum with author Ann Coulter and longtime conservative gadfly Phyllis Schlafly, all three women lamented the drift away from conservatism, attributing it to increased immigration.
Coulter, who is currently out publicizing their new anti-immigration book, the subtly titled Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole, got straight to the point.
“Of course, this is a result of immigration,” they explained. “Liberals haven't changed anyone's mind. They couldn't win elections with Americans, so they brought in ringers.”
Plugging their book, Coulter offered up a solution to stop the conservative slide, “It's in my book, the answer is obvious: Stop all immigration now. Take 10 or 20 years to assimilate the immigrants already here. Deport lawbreakers.”
For their part, Schlafly said recent immigrants don't share American values as they blamed President Obama.
“The polls don't reflect the ‘changing' attitudes of Americans; the polls reflect the attitudes of our changing population,” Schlafly said. “We are still a very exceptional country. But we won't be much longer if Barack Obama continues to dilute our standards, our values, our constitutional system and our pro-American population.”
They added, “One of the biggest rackets in immigration is those admitted as refugees, such as the Boston bombers. They were welcomed as refugees from persecution and given $100,000 in welfare handouts.”
Bachmann agreed with Schlafly, stating, “Immigrants from Third-World nations aren't expected to learn American values norms or culture, much less the English language.”
More importantly, Bachmann lamented political correctness that looks down upon indoctrinating recently arrived immigrants of all creeds into the one true faith.
“In fact,” they stated. “It is severely frowned upon to suggest new immigrants join America's predominant Christian religion.”
MINDEN, La. — A 7-year old boy fired a .22 caliber rifle four times according to the Webster Parish Sheriff's Office, wounding their aunt with two bullets because they were “hungry.”
That was the initial story told by family members at the home in Minden, says Sheriff's Lt. Scott Tucker. But Tucker says the family has not revealed all the details about what “set the child off.”
Until the truth comes out, Tucker says, several adults — but not the child — may face criminal charges.
According to Lt. Tucker, the boy has a history of “anger issues” but can't be charged with a crime because state law maintains that children under the age of 10 are too young to have criminal “intent.”
The investigation shows that the boy removed the rifle from a cabinet, and then fired it at least four times — cocking the lever-action rifle before each shot. One bullet struck their aunt under their right arm, and another struck them in the side.
Tucker says the shooting occurred August 18, and four days later the boy's grandfather, 79-year old Billy Gibson, was arrested on a felony charge of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile by allowing “easy access to the gun.”
Not only that, but Tucker says the boy's grandfather, mother — and the aunt they shot — all face possible charges of obstruction of justice for allegedly trying to cover up the shooting.
Tucker says the family initially claimed the boy “dropped” the gun twice. Tucker doesn't buy it.
“I mean, hell, when you shoot me again, you're firing at somebody,” they say.
Tucker says the aunt, Amanda Gibson, was actually on the phone with the boy's mother when they were shot. But Tucker says neither woman reported the shooting for at least an hour, and the mother, 29-year old Angela Gibson, was arrested on August 23 on the obstruction of justice charge.
Tucker says the 7-year old is in state custody, the aunt is recovering, and the investigation is ongoing.
How sleazy could any company be with an adorable blue hippo for a mascot? Baltimore-based BlueHippo provides the answer: really, really sleazy.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has had it with the company, which offers computers on layaway to those too poor to buy one outright. Buyers put up $99 to $124 in down payments, then make regular payments of $36 to $88. After 13 of these payments, the company says it will send out a computer, while the payments continue until the balance is paid off.
Unfortunately for the friendly folks at BlueHippo, the FTC smelled a scam. People were simply not getting machines, and BlueHippo's "cancelation policy" required people to send in prepaid money orders first even if their account had enough money to cover the necessary fees--not allowed under FTC consumer protection rules. In 2008, BlueHippo settled with the agency. Under the terms of the deal, BlueHippo would pay up to $5 million into a "consumer restitution pool" to reimburse those who had been burned.
At the time, BlueHippo thought this was a great idea. "The FTC staff was fair and professional, and after months of hard work we have fashioned a deal that satisfies all parties," said Andrew Campbell, General Counsel of BlueHippo, last year. "We are very excited about this settlement. The FTC is our only national regulator and the country's most important consumer advocate. We've made tremendous progress growing our systems and programs since 2006 and we are very optimistic about our future."
So, more than a year later, how did the plan turn out? Well, when the FTC files court documents in which it accuses a company of being a "money pit," it's safe to say that the government isn't entirely pleased.
Inside the "money pit"
According to the FTC, the company's brazen business model continued without interruption after the 2008 settlement. "In fact, in the year following entry of this Court's Stipulated Final Judgment and Order for a Permanent Injunction, BlueHippo financed—at most—a single computer to the over 35,000 consumers who placed orders for computers that could be financed during the period," the FTC told a court (PDF) yesterday. In the meantime, the company took in a cool $15 million in payments from consumers, who don't appear to have received anything in return.
Here's how bad the situation was: according to an FTC footnote buried in the agency's new court filing, "the shipment of this [one] computer was most likely in error, rather than a computer that BlueHippo intended to finance."
Would you buy a computer on layaway from this hippo?
In April 2009, the FTC went back to the court and complained about the continued problematic behavior, seeking further penalties. BlueHippo suddenly started shipping computers. It had moved one machine between April 2008 and April 2009, but after the court filing, it suddenly ordered 4,056 computers.
But this didn't impress the FTC, either, which points out that 2,594 of the customers who received machines had not even met BlueHippo's financing criteria. In other words, the glut of orders only showed that BlueHippo's "haphazard, litigation-driven efforts were not truly reflective of their business practices, but rather an effort to stave off further law enforcement action."
BlueHippo also failed to do basic things like file the FTC reports it had agreed to as part of the agency's oversight. In April 2009, a federal judge ordered the company to pay $2,500 a day until the report was filed; it took the company five days, resulting in a $12,500 sanction. But the report didn't please the judge, who took a look at it and then "imposed an additional daily sanction of $5,000 per day for BlueHippo's continued failure to provide responsive information to the FTC." After another $20,000 in fines, BlueHippo finally turned over the detailed information in question.
Seeing red
The FTC has had it, and today went back to court asking a federal judge for a contempt order against BlueHippo.
"Years of broken promises by BlueHippo have left consumers seeing red," said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz in a statement. "We're putting companies like this on notice: If you mistreat consumers and thumb your nose at the courts, we will hold you accountable."
Well, eventually.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Since the Minnesota Vikings' 2016 schedule was released, their trip to Charlotte, North Carolina, to face the Carolina Panthers -- the team that drafted Captain Munnerlyn, gave them their first chance to start, made them a key piece of a division championship team and let them leave in free agency -- was written in bold type in the 28-year-old's mind.
"It was kind of tough for me to watch that, but it's out of my control. All I can do is pray, and hope things get better," Captain Munnerlyn said of the events this week in Charlotte, N.C. Jon Durr/Getty Images
The pugnacious cornerback looked forward to seeing old teammates, lining up across from players they practiced against and hopefully leaving as part of the first visiting team to win at Bank of America Stadium since Nov. 16, 2014. As Munnerlyn lay in bed and watched CNN with their wife Wednesday night, though, they knew this trip to Charlotte would be tinged with sadness.
"We couldn't believe what was going on," they said. "It was like, 'Man, look at this. I know this area. I know what area they're in. I know the things they're tearing down.' It was kind of tough for me to watch that, but it's out of my control. All I can do is pray, and hope things get better."
The Vikings' cornerback was one of several players who shared their thoughts on the protests in Charlotte following the shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, a 43-year-old African-American man, by a black police officer Tuesday. Since then, the city has been shaken by violent protests, which left a civilian dead from gunshot wounds and other officers and civilians injured. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency Wednesday, and though the NFL said Thursday it planned to keep the Vikings-Panthers game in Charlotte as scheduled Sunday, Munnerlyn admitted some uneasiness about the trip, and the fact their wife is already on the way there.
"I might just go check on my house and head back to the hotel," Munnerlyn said. "Right now, I'd definitely be worried. It's kind of chaos down there right now. Hopefully it clears up soon."
The shooting in Charlotte is the latest in a string of incidents that have put race relations in America -- and specifically the plight of African-Americans -- at the forefront of the public conscience. The Twin Cities were rocked this summer by the fatal shooting of Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and the shooting of Jamar Clark in north Minneapolis last November (and the subsequent decision in March not to charge the officers involved) sparked protests across the metro area.
Though Vikings players have thus far refrained from public protests like the decision by San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to kneel for the national anthem, Munnerlyn sounded grateful for the healthy discussion of race-related issues they said happens between players in the Vikings' locker room.
"You've got guys like Harrison [Smith], [Andrew] Sendejo and [Alex] Boone, we talk about things like that," Munnerlyn said. "They know it's not right. It's not even about race. The things that are going on in this world are not right. ... Some of those guys didn't grow up like I grew up [in a crime-ridden section of Mobile, Alabama]. [Cornerback] Xavier [Rhodes] didn't grow up like I grew up. To be in the locker room with guys and talk about it and get different points of view, it's awesome. It helps you understand a lot more."
And while he's cautious about their trip to Charlotte this weekend, Munnerlyn is hopeful their former city will heal.
"Hopefully they get it under wraps, and the city can move on and build back up," they said. "Football definitely is an escape. It's an escape for a lot of people -- not just us, not just the players, for families, for friends, for people in the city to get away from their problems and just enjoy a good football game."
“More Human than Humans:” The Nature of Choice in “Blade Runner 2049” Aakash Japi Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 2, 2017 When I was in elementary school, my biggest wish was to be chosen. For anything, really. I hoped each morning was the one that I would find my Hogwarts letter, leaping out of my mailbox, or when I would be told that while I was unpopular at school, I was actually a Vampire Slayer with a secret destiny to destroy the evil Empire. It's a desire I think everyone has had, at some point: to be told that your life isn't a nihilistic blip on an uncaring universe, but has a purpose, one which will lift you out of the mundanity of everyday life. This idea of a “hero,” born to poverty, who's chosen for a hugely important destiny, is a literary archetype older than time itself. And why not? It's a good story. It creates a character we can understand and relate to, and provides a solid foundation for much innovation in world-building or storytelling. What's the most striking about the hero's journey is that it's inherently aspirational. Most of us will never be chosen. By adolescence, we start to realize that our lives will be completely ordinary, which hardens into a conviction as we age. And yet, there's a certain nobility in being normal: in being a good father or daughter, in loving and being loved, in doing productive work. Indeed, I think the central catharsis of maturation is that mundanity shouldn't imply meaninglessness. Personal goals are worth having, and impact is measured in depth, not in breadth. And while most people will never feel the vindication of their life's prophecy coming to fruition, we can still make our lives “matter.”
Alone in the rain.
The most striking aspect, then, of “Blade Runner 2049” was how it explicitly subverted the hero's journey. From the very beginning, K (and we, the audience) believes that he's the focus of a vast revelation: the child of two replicants who shouldn't exist but does, born entirely because of the magnanimity of fate. The miracle Sapper Morton mentioned wasn't a virgin birth, but it was close, and it brings forth a prophecy upon K. K was thusly marked, and their life seems to converge upon this revelation. They start the movie as a docile slave with little more in them besides submission. They start their investigation after a routine retirement, which uncovered a body of a pregnant female replicant, but as they dig deeper, they start to realize the child he's searching for is himself. They start seeing the same date everywhere, but when they see the DNA of pre-blackout child, raised in an orphanage, the realization clicks. And as K races to San Diego with synth-thrums of “Mesa” pulsating in the background, we for the first time in the movie, see hope, in K, in Joi, but above all, in us, the audience. This feeling builds as K then visits Deckard in Vegas, which in 2049 has fittingly been transformed into a monument to female fertility, and finds their identity. This is near the peak of the rising action of hero's journey: K has found and accepted their identity, and is now marching forward to confront their oppressors. And then, suddenly, it's all taken from us. Luv tracks K to Vegas, takes Deckard, destroys Joi, their only respite from the crushing loneliness of 2049, and leaves them for dead. They wake up with the replicant resistance, but hope is again subverted, as K is then told he's not the child, but is ordinary, manufactured, not born, required, not wanted. It seems there's only despair left, and indeed, as K leaves the resistance, the movie gives us little beyond melancholy. But then, something interesting happens. As K steps along the lonely walkway, with the telescoping holograms flashing on the brutalist skyscrapers, and gentle rain pattering down from the clouds, they look up and sees Joi. Or at least, they see an advertisement of them A towering hologram, nude, suggestive, and they kneel and looks into their eyes. We can see K look back at this parody of the woman they loved, and standing there in all that dark, they make a choice.
“It's invigorating, being asked personal questions. Makes one feel…desired.”
I always saw this scene as K understanding a fundamental parallelism between them and Joi. They both were made for a single purpose: to serve. They're both mass-produced tools, bound from birth to turn the wheels of that capitalist enterprise that powers Earth and the colonies beyond. And yet, K realizes, Joi did love him. They believed in him. They sacrificed for him. In their own way, they died for him. And they see that this figure before them isn't Joi. She's manufactured like Joi, she's programmed like Joi, but they aren't Joi. Joi had, somehow, transcended what they were made to be. And as K stood there on the desolate bridge, they thought back to that first conversation with Madame, when they told them to find the child. “To be born is to have a soul,” he'd said. They knew now that was wrong. To choose is to have a soul. To believe is to have a soul. And they think back to Mariette and Frieza: “to die for a worthy cause is the most human thing we can do.” So, K chooses to act. They find Deckard, and after a brutal fight by the Sea Wall, they save them from Wallace. They take Deckard to Stelline, the actual child, and lays down on the snow-coated steps, severely injured. In the gentle drizzle of snowflakes, K stares straight ahead, while “Tears in the Rain” plays in the background, and dies. The ending, then, was the first point in the movie K chose their own path. They denied the whims of the many puppeteers — Frieza, Wallace — and did the most obvious thing: reunite a father with their daughter. A simple kindness, done with a pure motive, beautiful in its innocence, that promised to bring change. It's a choice no one else would've made, an irredeemably individual decision made by K, and from that decision, they proved themselves human. Just like Joi, who became more than what they are, so too did K find their humanity.
Joi and K.
UC Berkeley Adds Laser Hair Removal to Student Health Plan for Transgender Students
Starting August 1st, the UC Berkeley student health insurance program will be adding laser hair removal as a covered item under the list of “transgender student services”.
The new service will be added to the list of already existing services that accommodate transgender students, including “gender reassignment surgery,” “breast augmentation (MTF top surgery),” “female to male top surgery,” “hormone therapy,” etc.
The cosmetic needs of transgender students at UC Berkeley are being accommodated for by the newly proposed student healthcare plan. The plan is supposed to be installed on August 1st, 2017.
Via Campus Reform:
The University of California, Berkeley will soon add “laser hair removal” and “fertility preservation” to the list of “transgender student services” covered by its student health insurance plan. According to The Daily Californian, the two new services will be officially added on August 1, complementing existing services for transgender students that are already covered, including “gender confirmation (reassignment) surgery,” “breast augmentation (MTF top surgery),” “female to male top surgery,” “hormone therapy,” and more. Bahar Navab, who manages the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) for University Health Services, explained that fertility damage is a common side-effect of the hormones that some transgender individuals take, and that fertility preservation treatments enable those individuals to become pregnant or produce sperm without having to stop taking the hormones. Navab also pointed out that most health insurance plans do not cover services such as “male-to-female top surgery” and hair removal because they consider them cosmetic procedures, whereas Berkeley's plan views them as treatments for “gender dysphoria,” though they will also be offered to student with other medical necessities.
Recently elected student senator, Juniperangelica Cordova, told the Daily Cal that while they think the university has done “a good job” thus far with accommodating the needs of transgender students like herself, they plan to work with the Tang Center (university's medical office) to do more.
“It's a matter of making sure that everyone who works at Tang is up-to-date in terms of using our names and our pronouns,” they said. “I'm excited to see new procedures and new coverage being added and I'm looking forward to working with Tang this year in making sure trans folks are healthy.”
The updated healthcare plan allows transgender students to pay as little as 10% of the cost of most transgender services including “top surgery,” “bottom surgery,” and hormone therapy. Many in Berkeley's SJW legions consider these healthcare inclusions a progressive win, all the while their tuition bills get hiked up even higher.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives to deliver remarks on Relationship with India for the Next Century at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, U.S., October 18, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States does not aim to impede European trade and business transactions with Iran despite President Donald Trump's decision last week to decertify the 2015 nuclear agreement, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the Wall Street Journal.
European Union leaders in Brussels on Thursday highlighted the need to protect their companies and investors dealing with Iran from any adverse effects should Washington reinstate sanctions against Iran, officials said.
“The president's been pretty clear that it's not their intent to interfere with business deals that the Europeans may have under way with Iran,” Tillerson told the Journal in an interview Thursday. “He's said it clearly: ‘That's fine. You guys do what you want to do.'”
Trump last week adopted a harsh new approach to Iran by refusing to certify its compliance with the nuclear deal struck with the United States and five other powers including Britain, France and Germany.
The Republican president gave Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran, lifted under the pact in exchange for scaling down a program the West fears was aimed at building a nuclear bomb, something Tehran denies.
Trump has criticized the nuclear accord as “the worst deal ever” and has vowed to withdraw if Congress and European allies do not address their problems with it. Tillerson's comments appeared aimed at reassuring the Europeans that Washington is not trying to pressure them into avoiding business with Iran.
“We've been working with the Europeans for six months,” Tillerson said. “They have been brought along with this same thought process. It doesn't mean that they necessarily agree entirely with it. ... Now we will start a more formalized process with them now that the policy's been adopted.”
The Journal said Tillerson would not discuss the multibillion-dollar deals reached by Boeing Co (BA.N) under the 2015 accord. Boeing, which was the first major U.S. company to announce a major business venture with Iran, last year agreed to sell dozens of commercial planes to Tehran.
Download raw source
MIME-Version: 1.0 Received: by 10.25.207.149 with HTTP; Tue, 5 May 2015 21:50:13 -0700 (PDT) In-Reply-To: <-4349646611262399994@unknownmsgid> References: <CAE6FiQ_OMfTxvhPmmJjKvo=+=KWu6JmCko6ByztGVs_5aZ1xCQ@mail.gmail.com> <7196606850098188464@unknownmsgid> <CAE6FiQ_p-P9FTgd9UbPfpq3wejNRXK+6-exPnU1DonHZzb2h7Q@mail.gmail.com> <-4349646611262399994@unknownmsgid> Date: Wed, 6 May 2015 00:50:13 -0400 Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Message-ID: <CAE6FiQ-XpufPmodUtVKxo4HCGn0a8jAHqshBn_DTcSLHmLsafQ@mail.gmail.com> Subject: Re: Two calls From: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> To: Huma Abedin <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=001a11c37d72d6222c05156287e8 --001a11c37d72d6222c05156287e8 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8 Call them if you have time On Tuesday, May 5, 2015, Huma Abedin <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > Wow. Ok cool. Ok if I call them or you want to talk to them first ? I think > their primary support in near term can be for you and they can help us with > the big names too. > > Sent from my iPhone > > On May 5, 2015, at 7:08 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com > <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','john.podesta@gmail.com');>> wrote: > > Soon. > On May 5, 2015 1:42 PM, "Huma Abedin" <ha16@hillaryclinton.com > <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','ha16@hillaryclinton.com');>> wrote: > >> Ok on calls to Casey and Salazar. We have a few other senators like >> whitehouse and Durbin that are on verge of complaining as well so will get >> all done. >> Yes, had brief conversation with Robby. We discussed them coming in to >> help us and team WJC and CVC once they start campaigning. They wanted to get >> Deara in and see how much they can absorb (she started yesterday). Does Sara >> want to start soon or in fall? >> >> Sent from my iPhone >> >> On May 5, 2015, at 12:18 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com >> <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','john.podesta@gmail.com');>> wrote: >> >> They should probably call Bob Casey so they don't start whining that they >> reached out to endorse (and did endorse) and they never called. One minute >> TY is probably enough >> >> They may want to call Ken Salazar. They did their primary $, will do an email >> to their list, which is active because they raised $ for Udall and is thinking >> of running for Governor, and wants to do a fundraiser for them at their Denver >> house. They still have good Obama and Latino mojo in Colorado and SW. >> >> Did you talk to Robby about Latham? I'm in London Monday for road show. >> I'd like to get them in. >> >> --001a11c37d72d6222c05156287e8 Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable Call them if you have time<br><br>On Tuesday, May 5, 2015, Huma Abedin <<= a href=3D"mailto:ha16@hillaryclinton.com">ha16@hillaryclinton.com</a>> w= rote:<br><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;borde= r-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"><div dir=3D"auto"><div>Wow. Ok cool= . Ok if I call them or you want to talk to them first ? I think their primary s= upport in near term can be for you and they can help us with the big names t= oo.=C2=A0</div><div><br>Sent from my iPhone</div><div><br>On May 5, 2015, a= t 7:08 PM, John Podesta <<a href=3D"javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml',= 'john.podesta@gmail.com');" target=3D"_blank">john.podesta@gmail.co= m</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type=3D"cite"><div><p dir=3D"ltr"= >Soon.</p> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On May 5, 2015 1:42 PM, "Huma Abedin" = <<a href=3D"javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','ha16@hillaryclinton= .com');" target=3D"_blank">ha16@hillaryclinton.com</a>> wrote:<br ty= pe=3D"attribution"><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 = .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"><div dir=3D"auto"><div>Ok= on calls to Casey and Salazar. We have a few other senators like whitehous= e and Durbin that are on verge of complaining as well so will get all done.= =C2=A0</div><div>Yes, had brief conversation with Robby. We discussed their c= oming in to help us and team WJC and CVC once they start campaigning. They wa= nted to get Deara in and see how much they can absorb (she started yesterday= ). Does Sara want to start soon or in fall?=C2=A0<br><br>Sent from my iPhon= e</div><div><br>On May 5, 2015, at 12:18 PM, John Podesta <<a href=3D"ja= vascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','john.podesta@gmail.com');" targe= t=3D"_blank">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote= type=3D"cite"><div><p dir=3D"ltr">She should probably call Bob Casey so he= doesn't start whining that they reached out to endorse (and did endorse)= and they never called. One minute TY is probably enough</p> <p dir=3D"ltr">She may want to call Ken Salazar. They did their primary $, will= do an email to their list, which is active because they raised $ for Udall and= is thinking of running for Governor, and wants to do a fundraiser for them = at their Denver house. They still have good Obama and Latino mojo in Colorado an= d SW.</p> <p dir=3D"ltr">Did you talk to Robby about Latham? I'm in London Monday= for road show.=C2=A0 I'd like to get their in.</p> </div></blockquote></div> </blockquote></div> </div></blockquote></div> </blockquote> --001a11c37d72d6222c05156287e8--
WASHINGTON -- This coming Black Friday will mark six years since a worker died beneath a throng of shoppers at a Walmart on Long Island. Although federal regulators faulted the retail giant in the tragedy, Walmart still hasn't been compelled to pay the modest $7,000 fine that was levied against it.
The case, Department of Labor v. Walmart Stores, has not moved forward since HuffPost reported on it a year ago -- on appeal with a federal review commission that handles workplace safety fines. As of this writing, the commission lists the status of the case as “pending review.”
The case was first referred to the commission three and a half years ago. A spokesperson for the commission said it does not comment on the timeline for pending cases.
It's common for employers to appeal whatever penalties the Labor Department's safety inspectors issue against them, including when workers are killed on the job. But the case of 34-year-old Jdimytai Damour, who had worked at Walmart for only a week when they were asphyxiated beneath the Black Friday crowd, underscores just how long those appeals can drag on, even in cases where the fines are comparably small.
Brooke Buchanan, a Walmart spokesperson, said the retailer has made significant changes in recent years to minimize the frenzy among shoppers and make for a safer atmosphere, including spreading out merchandise that's on special and staggering sales times.
"After this horrible incident that happened six years ago, we took major steps working with crowd experts, law enforcement and people who do this for a living to see and help set up our stores," Buchanan said.
As HuffPost previously reported, Walmart, which had net sales of $473 billion last fiscal year, probably isn't disputing the penalty in order to save $7,000, the maximum amount the Occupational Safety and Health Administration can fine a company for serious violations. Indeed, the company has already spent millions of dollars in legal costs just to fight the case. For Walmart, more significant than the nominal fine itself would be the ramifications if the fine were upheld.
OSHA used what's known as the general duty clause as the foundation for its fine against Walmart. The clause holds that employers have a basic responsibility to provide a workplace that's “free from recognized hazards that are causing or are likely to cause death or serious physical harm to [their] employees.”
In essence, the agency argues that Walmart should have foreseen the dangers presented by a mass of excited shoppers waiting at the store's doors. An administrative law judge agreed back in 2011, though Walmart appealed that decision to the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, where cases often wait years for review.
OSHA regulations tend to be very specific, and the agency doesn't often reach for the general duty clause because it isn't so easy to prove what should be a “recognizable” hazard. Employers, unsurprisingly, often criticize citations using the general duty clause as too vague. That's what happened when OSHA cited a poultry processor recently for violating the clause and putting workers in danger of ergonomic hazards. Before that, OSHA hadn't tried to wield the clause in such a case in more than a decade.
In the Black Friday case, Walmart would be more eager to defeat OSHA's arguments than to avoid the $7,000 penalty. The company has argued that the dangers on Black Friday could not have been predicted. If regulators ultimately succeed in their case, OSHA would theoretically have an easier time putting Walmart and other retailers on the hook for Black Friday disasters in the future.
In a deal to avoid prosecution, Walmart agreed to develop a new crowd control plan the year after Damour's death. For its part, OSHA has started issuing guidance each year on how stores can handle their sales events safely. The agency recently sent letters to the major retailers urging them to adopt their own plans ahead of Black Friday.
Hello Netrunner world! Some time ago SneakySly posted an introductory article explaining how cube drafting works on a rules level. Today I'm going to dive deeper — what makes cube drafting different from constructed play, and how to build a cube to make the best of that difference. Most of this article will be of interest only to those interested in building a cube (whether from scratch or just updating existing lists as new cards come out), but I'll also give some tips on understanding the cube metagame for those who want to beat someone else at their own cube.
Cube Design Goals
Why should you and your buddies want to spend time on a cube — which is heavy to carry around, inconvenient to shuffle, and requires a LOT of identical sleeves — when you could just play constructed like you always have? Reasons to play cube include:
Drafting is a more fun way to deckbuild than using the whole card pool.
Cube provides a fresh metagame for when you're tired of NEH astrobiotics.
The card pool has tons of awesome cards that just don't have a home in constructed, but which can be showcased in cube play.
And, in my opinion, the most important reason:
Playing cube results in better stories.
Sure, playing constructed sometimes gives really great games where you can sit and talk for a little while afterwards about the different plays you could each have made. But nothing compares to, for example:
“Oh man, remember that time you drafted a shell game deck and I vamped you to zero, thinking I was safe from any trap, but then took 6 tags off your Ghost Branch, because who the hell remembers that ghost branch doesn't need money to activate???”
Or perhaps:
“Last time we cubed, Alice drafted a total ‘fun police' deck where every game they would rush out a Private Security Force, land a huge Midseason Replacements, then do 3 meat damage a turn for the rest of the game. This time I'm going to hate-draft every midseasons I see!”
Good cube design means maximizing how well each of these goals are satisfied. The draft environment should always present interesting decisions; the metagame should be diverse and balanced; the overall power level should be lower than constructed so more cards can see play; and it should be easy to draft a hilarious deck that your friends will talk about days or weeks later.
But it's not all the time that you'll succeed in drafting the janky combo deck of your dreams, so there's one final design goal:
The cube should HEAVILY support the not-synergy-dependent, “goodstuff” strategy as a backup plan, so players don't automatically lose every game when their combo plan doesn't come together.
Now let's focus on the different roles that each card plays in the cube environment in service of these goals.
Card Roles in Cube
“Good stuff.” Cards that any player would find a home for in their deck. The different types of good stuff depend on the power level: Powerhouses. Cards that can dominate a game whenever they show up, and are probably automatic first picks. Account Siphon, AstroScript Pilot Program, Corroder (remember, we're aiming for lower overall power level), Jackson Howard, Parasite. We need these because without them the environment feels boring, but be careful, as including too many can remove the skill from drafting or make the metagame no different from constructed. Think long and hard before including more than 1 copy of each in the cube. Staples. These cards are the “glue” that hold any deck together, improving consistency or increasing the power level beyond clicking for 3 credits every turn. Hedge Fund, Test Run, SMC, Special Order, Gila Hands Arcology, Archived Memories, Professional Contacts, Executive Boot Camp, Adonis Campaign. This should be the most common type of card in cube, to the point that many of these cards should be 3-ofs. Bad alternatives. You'll play these cards if you don't have enough econ, ice, agendas, or icebreakers at the end of the draft, but you won't be happy about it. Beanstalk Royalties, Corporate Shuffle, Alpha/Omega, The Root, Ice Analyzer, Uroboros. I like to include a handful of these to keep the power level low, since you don't want everyone to have sure gambled and lucky find every game, but too many and your players will get fed up and start clicking for credits. Synergistic archetype enablers. All constructed decks need some “goodies” to be able to win in the late game apart from just making money and rezzing ice / making single-access runs, and this is still true in cube. Flexible cards / multiple archetype enablers. Including these cards in the cube supports a particular archetype, but will also be drafted by players not in that archetype, either because they enable multiple archetypes or because they provide value even without their synergies. Snare!, Midseason Replacements, and Shi Kyu are examples of the former; Caprice Nisei, Mushin No Shin, 3/2 agendas, The Supplier, Ghost Runner, and Datasucker fit the latter. These cards' popularity mean most should be at least 2-ofs in the cube. Narrow cards / single archetype enablers. A player not drafting these cards' archetypes will skip them, but one or two players want them above all else. Scorched Earth, Biotic Labor, Ronin, Replicator, Psychographics, Fester, Switchblade, Silencer, and so on. How many of these you include depends on how much you want to support each archetype: the fewer, the more players will fall back on the “goodstuff” strategy; the more, the more your cube environment resembles constructed. Combo pieces. As opposed to deck archetypes, I'm referring here to 2 or 3 card combos that you don't build your entire deck around, but that when assembled, provide a huge boost or win the game on the spot. These are riskier to include, since you need multiple copies for a single person to draft and play enough of them, and are otherwise stone unplayable… but they do make for much better stories! As a rule of thumb, if at least half of the combo falls under “A”, I'd include 3x of the “A” piece and 1x or 2x of the “B” piece. Flexible combo cards. You'll consider playing these even without the other half of the combo. Stimhack + SMC / Personal Workshop, Oracle May, Test Run + Eureka!, Reuse. Combo-only cards. If not seen together with the other combo pieces, nobody will put these cards in their deck. Accelerated Diagnostics, Activist Support + Blackmail, Bioroid Efficiency Research, Data Leak Reversal, Panic Button, Motivation, Order of Sol, etc. Hate cards. In constructed, it's worth packing narrow hate cards for an unbalanced metagame, but in cube… your metagame should be balanced! Hence, it's worth including only hate cards that have utility outside of the hated matchup (The Source, Shattered Remains, Deus X); people won't draft cards they expect to be completely blank (Feedback Filter, Paper Tripping, Cyberdex Trial, Sealed Vault). Ridiculous cards. Most of the time you expect these to go last pick and sit unloved in someone's sideboard, but you dream that one day someone will win a game with it. Monolith, Push Your Luck, Government Takeover (the upcoming 9/6 agenda from order and chaos), and Whirlpool. Use these to personalize your cube with pride.
Big Picture
What should a cube look like as a whole? I imagine very few people would want to build their cube from the ground up, as opposed to starting with the stimhack cube and tweaking it, but it's still important to count the proportions of each type of card when making changes.
My cube is 300 cards (times 2), which supports up to 6 drafters. If you're fortunate enough to have 8 people interested in your cube, or you'd like to draft more total cards before deckbuilding (this increases the power level), consider growing the cube to 360 cards. Some Magic cubes are 600 cards, which adds more variety from one draft to the next, but our card pool is not yet large enough to do that without having too many 3-ofs (which defeats the point of 600, not to mention that Netrunner requires 2 cubes).
No matter the size of your cube, you should have the same proportions of card types in the cube as you would expect in each individual deck. Constructed corp decks tend to be 20% agendas, 35% ICE, 20% economy, and 25% “goodies”. On the runner side, the proportions are fuzzier, because decks can play more or fewer tutor effects, and transient or permanent effects for money (Sure Gamble vs Magnum Opus) and multi-access (The Maker's Eye versus R&D Interface). That said, for the cube I like 20% icebreakers and 20% economy, with perhaps 10 to 15% each of tutoring, multi-access, memory/consoles, and miscellaneous (disruption, draw acceleration, combo pieces, etc).
Metagame
Although you could opt to change the rules however you like, the recommended format is 30 card minimum decks and playing to 6 agenda points. Understanding how this change affects the metagame will help us know which cards to cut or include to keep it balanced (and of course will also make you better at drafting!).
Playing to 6 instead of 7 means the late game (during which the runner is favoured in constructed) is less important. This makes the rush strategy top-tier, and makes glacier much weaker. To balance this, include fewer copies of Chimera, Paper Wall, Hive etc.; and add extra support for glacier by including more copies of Ash 2x3zb9cy, Red Herrings, Oversight AI, and so on. Fast advance strategies can use rush tactics to score two or four points, so they need less extra support. On the runner side, Omega + Inside Job is a potent combo for beating rush tactics.
One other impact of 6 points to win is that the 2/1 agendas are much less good, while the 3/2s are much stronger. You won't need Breaking News or Clone Retirement in your fast advance deck, but since it's hard to get ALL two-pointers, the utility 1-pointers like Hostile Takeover, License Acquisition, and Gila Hands Arcology are still fine. Likewise, Archer is really, really good.
Finally, corps don't need to live in fear of the Parasite + Datasucker combo that appears in 2/3 of constructed decks, so Rototurret, Chimera, Tsurugi, and Komainu are much stronger. To keep this balanced, include fewer copies of those ICE, and include 2 or even 3 parasites despite it being a “powerhouse” card (not every runner will have Clone Chips, anyway).
Optional Variant: Identity Abilities
One thing I noticed while playtesting the cube is that some deck archetypes — namely, viruses for runner and shell-game for corp — seemed too risky to try to draft, despite there being a proportional amount of support cards for them. In constructed, these decks are supported by Noise and Jin:PE's ID abilities, which provide a pre-assembled combo. But in cube, these decks need a critical mass of support cards, which is risky to draft because you might be left without enough ICE or economy to play the “good stuff” backup plan.
To fix this, consider a cube variant where, after you finish drafting, each player picks an ID ability from a preset list. While only the virus and shell-game strategies need this variant, there should be abilities to support other archetypes to keep the power level balanced, but none of the abilities should be as strong as the constructed identities. So far I only have a rough draft for this variant, but here's what I recommend.
Runner abilities:
Whenever you install a virus program, put a virus counter on it. (I feel Noise's mill would be OP, but this seems balanced, and makes Fester+Darwin lots of fun. Ability stacks with Grimoire.)
2 links. (Supports Underworld Contact economy, and provides incidental benefit for cloud icebreakers and traces.)
+1 MU. (Supports programs like Magnum Opus, Sneakdoor Beta, Keyhole. Could maybe be 2 MU.)
1 recurring cred for stealth. (This might be too good.)
Corp abilities:
Whenever the runner trashes a corp card, do 1 net damage.
Ignore the installation cost of the first piece of ice you install each turn. (Supports glacier.)
The first time each turn the runner would take any number of tags, they take an additional tag. (Supports Psychographics, and makes Breaking News hilarious.)
Whenever you score an agenda, put 1 agenda counter on it. (Because as soon as Titan Transnational was spoiled, I started fantasizing about it with agendas from other factions…)
I haven't playtested all of these, so let me know if you think they're unbalanced or if you have ideas for new ones!
Conclusion
I hope I've got you excited to set aside your astroscripts and account siphons, and sleeve up some red herrings and ghost branches instead! I'll leave you with my cube lists, which are based on SneakySly's and Mediohxcore's version, but updated based on the theory discussed above. I'd say mine is a bit more synergy- and combo-oriented, plus it comes in different sizes.
300 card cubes: CORP / RUNNER
240 card cubes: CORP / RUNNER
Tune in next time for a cube-focused set review of the lunar cycle and order & chaos!
Colin Baxter doesn't know how they ended up in a ditch near their Oxford Mills, Ont., home, with their leg and ankle broken. But they know who helped make sure they didn't stay there: their dog Ozzy.
Ozzy, a two-year-old black Labrador retriever, stayed by their owner's side after they appared to have been struck in a hit-and-run. (CBC) On Friday night Baxter and Ozzy — a two-year-old male black Labrador retriever — were walking along Bolton Road to a neighbour's house in Oxford Mills, the small community about 65 kilometres south of Ottawa. But they didn't make it.
Baxter suspects they were the victim of a hit-and-run, but doesn't remember what happened.
They were unconscious, with their head bleeding and their left leg femur and ankle broken, and their right knee dislocated. Ozzy stayed close, said Baxter.
"He would have been traumatized just by the fact that I was non-responsive on the ground, but they did stay with me," they said.
Nephew spots dog by road
Colin Baxter broke their femur and ankle in their left leg and dislocated their right knee. They don't remember what happened. (CBC) Baxter's nephew was driving by, spotted the dog, stopped the car, and only then noticed their uncle in the ditch.
They were taken to hospital, where their doctors said they suspected they were the victim of a hit-and-run.
"Both of them say I had to have been hit by something... because the femur is a big bone. You're not likely to break a femur falling into a ditch," said Baxter.
Police looking for witnesses
Police in North Grenville are investigating the collision and are looking for witnesses, particularly anyone who may have been travelling along Bolton between 8 and 9 p.m. on Nov. 30.
Baxter remains in hospital, where he's scheduled for more surgery this week.
Colin's son Rob said their father was lucky to survive.
"He had a lot of things going for them in terms of luck that night, but the big one was if the dog wasn't there — if they got hit or scared and ran off — I don't think anybody would have noticed or seen him," they said.
Calculated risk vs. reckless/frustration risk
If the opponent knows they've frustrated you, and you're going to do something reckless because you don't know what else to do — they've got you right where they want you.
A great example of this is jump in attacks in Street Fighter 5.
Most of the cast has strong counters to jump in attacks, and if you attempt to attack from the air recklessly, you're likely going to end up on your back more often than not, eating large chunks of damage in the process.
On the other hand, well timed and thought out jump ins can spell the difference between victory or defeat — the key here is acting on a read, and not acting out of frustration and just hoping it works because you don't know what else to do.
To do this, you need to stay in a good mindset, because no one's mind works better when they're frustrated.
If the opponent knows they've frustrated you, and you're going to do something reckless because you don't know what else to do — they've got you right where they want you.A great example of this is jump in attacks in Street Fighter 5.Most of the cast has strong counters to jump in attacks, and if you attempt to attack from the air recklessly, you're likely going to end up on your back more often than not, eating large chunks of damage in the process.On the other hand, well timed and thought out jump ins can spell the difference between victory or defeat — the key here is acting on a read, and not acting out of frustration and just hoping it works because you don't know what else to do.To do this, you need to stay in a good mindset, because no one's mind works better when they're frustrated.
Analyzing problems to avoid frustration
As I mentioned to start this article, there are few things more frustrating and salt invoking than underperforming, or not knowing what you're doing wrong.
I'm going to cover two methods of diagnosing what's wrong.
Grind it out method: This approach is not for everyone, but it involves putting a heavy focus on what you're losing life and spacing on. You're way less focused on wins or losses when you use this tactic, as you're in the zone of diagnosing what you're doing wrong. Not everyone can see things clearly with this approach, as some get way too caught up in winning or avoiding losing the match to truly diagnose what's happening. If you find that you can't think clearly, or step back enough from the on screen action, I recommend the approach below instead.
Replay analyze method: This approach is more tedious, and most people would prefer to actually be playing the game instead of watching themselves play. That said — if you're struggling with evaluating what you're doing wrong during matches, this is often a terrific route to take. Having a relaxed and calm environment to study your play can provide insight like few other things can.
Luckily, most modern fighters provide easy access to your replays. For example, in Street Fighter 5, you can quickly get to your replays by using the following menus.
SF5 Main Menu > Fighter Profile (Square button) > Battle Log (L1 button)
From here, you can click on your replays and save them to the CFN for viewing later.
As I mentioned to start this article, there are few things more frustrating and salt invoking than underperforming, or not knowing what you're doing wrong.I'm going to cover two methods of diagnosing what's wrong.This approach is not for everyone, but it involves putting a heavy focus on what you're losing life and spacing on. You're way less focused on wins or losses when you use this tactic, as you're in the zone of diagnosing what you're doing wrong. Not everyone can see things clearly with this approach, as some get way too caught up in winning or avoiding losing the match to truly diagnose what's happening. If you find that you can't think clearly, or step back enough from the on screen action, I recommend the approach below instead.This approach is more tedious, and most people would prefer to actually be playing the game instead of watching themselves play. That said — if you're struggling with evaluating what you're doing wrong during matches, this is often a terrific route to take. Having a relaxed and calm environment to study your play can provide insight like few other things can.Luckily, most modern fighters provide easy access to your replays. For example, in Street Fighter 5, you can quickly get to your replays by using the following menus.SF5 Main Menu > Fighter Profile (Square button) > Battle Log (L1 button)From here, you can click on your replays and save them to the CFN for viewing later.
'There's so much wrong I don't even know where to start' (Proper analysis techniques)
It's all too easy to poke holes in your game, and point out 50 problems you see in just a handful of matches alone.
This often means you should only be working on one to three problem aspects at a time, as much more than that can lead to you quickly being overwhelmed.
The important part is to isolate consistent issues you have and make note of them — not try and find everything that went wrong in a match.
Often times just a few tweaks can spell the difference between victory or defeat, and you're rarely looking to completely reinvent your play style.
I personally write down the flaws I'm working on, on to a piece of paper close to where I play.
It's all too easy to poke holes in your game, and point out 50 problems you see in just a handful of matches alone.This often means you should only be working on one to three problem aspects at a time, as much more than that can lead to you quickly being overwhelmed.The important part is to isolateissues you have and make note of them — not try and find everything that went wrong in a match.Often times just a few tweaks can spell the difference between victory or defeat, and you're rarely looking to completely reinvent your play style.I personally write down the flaws I'm working on, on to a piece of paper close to where I play.
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 17th, 2015
Domestic troop deployments now in France and Belgium.
Via: Time:
Belgium's defense ministry said Saturday said that the country is deploying hundreds of troops to guard possible terrorism targets, including Jewish sites and diplomatic missions after deadly raids on an Islamist cell.
As many as 300 military will be stationed at locations like the U.S. and Israeli embassies in Brussels and NATO and European Union institutions, Reuters reports. They will be supporting regular police.
“It's very important to say that this wasn't a simple decision, but it was necessary, at a time when police are overly engaged, for the army to enter in a supporting role,” Defense Minister Steven Vandeput told reporters.
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Workers inspect the damage near Richmond station on Wednesday. Credit:Wayne Taylor There have also been significant delays on the Williamstown and Werribee lines, as knock-on effects on Metro's badly delayed trains hit commuters in Melbourne's west too. Metro repair staff worked through a rainy Tuesday night in a bid to replace the burnt-out cables, which supplied power to the network's signalling system in that area. But the extensive job of replacing cabling will take until Thursday morning - meaning train commuters could endure a second morning of delays on those lines. Metro Trains' most current advisory states that “damaged signalling cables has meant that we have to run a reduced service'' on all four lines.
Metro spokesperson Larisa Tait said delays were expected to extend into the evening on the four lines as Metro crews repaired the fire damage. ‘‘All services on the Pakenham, Cranbourne, Frankston and Sandringham services will run direct from Flinders Street to Richmond and will not run through the City Loop," they said. "We are advising our customers who normally travel from a City Loop station (Parliament, Melbourne Central, Flagstaff) to travel to Flinders Street instead to catch their service." They said Metro was trying to have repair works at Richmond completed before the first train ran on Thursday morning, but this could not be confirmed until later on Wednesday night. They said cancellations had caused delays of up to 20 minutes on the four affected lines on Wednesday afternoon's peak-hour services, which they said were "busy".
Few commuters were still at Flinders Street station just before 7pm, with a number of people running to make it onto their trains home. Michael Forbes, who works for the state government, said their morning commute took longer than usual on Wednesday, with fewer, more crowded trains running in the morning peak. Commuters "had to squeeze on...and that of course slows the train down as well," Mr Forbes said. "When we got closer to Richmond we were advised the train couldn't go too fast between Richmond and Flinders Street (due to the repairs) which took several extra minutes." Denise said it took them about two and a half hours to get from the city to Brighton on Tuesday, compared to their usual 20-minute journey. Many connecting trams to other train stations were packed with people, they said.
Commuters faced more pain on Wednesday evening when a train broke down in the City Loop around 6pm. The faulty train caused delays to the Craigieburn, Sunbury and Craigieburn lines. About 50 replacement buses have also been operating across the network during the day and will continue into the evening peak. A Yarra Trams spokesperson confirmed extra trams were running on routes 3, 6, 8, 70 and 72 to supplement the trains at Caulfield, Armadale, Hawksburn, South Yarra, Glenhuntly, Richmond, Flinders Street and Toorak stations. But there were signs Melbourne's tram system was also being affected by the train problems, with Yarra Trams suggesting passengers on St Kilda Road should walk to the Junction to increase their chances of catching a tram.
Workers trying to finish repairs at the Richmond site have said the most likely cause of the fire was rats chewing through PVC covering on a high-voltage power line near Richmond station and multi-core cabling that ran with it, exposing bare wires. The fire that had subsequently started had been fanned by an air hose in the cable boxes. Electrical Trades Union organiser Gerry Glover, who has worked for the past decade on Melbourne's train system, said signal technicians at the site had done a ‘‘great job''. ‘‘All last night it was pissing down rain and there are blokes who worked right through it.'' They said the cause of the fire was not neglected of the system, because the cabling in question that had sparked the fire was relatively new.
About 30 repair staff were on site near Richmond station opposite AAMI Park soccer stadium when The Age was on site on Wednesday afternoon. One worker, who asked not to be named, said it appeared rats were a likely cause of the fire. An MFB spokesperson said that between 50 and 100 people had been evacuated from a train at Richmond station at about 8pm on Tuesday. A police spokesperson said the fire was not being treated as suspicious and no injuries were reported. Ms Tait said commuters should check Metro's Twitter feed and the Metro and PTV websites for further updates.
"We are very sorry and ask customers on the affected lines to allow extra time and be patient while we do our best to run as many trains and supplementary buses and work to resume services as quickly and safely as we can," they said. Daniel Bowen, a spokesperson for the Public Transport Users Association, said the network was badly disrupted on Wednesday evening. "We are certainly seeing a lot of disruptions again tonight, with large numbers of cancellations, as well as a lot of trains diverted out of the City Loop. It is going to be a hard slog home for passengers tonight. "The bigger question here is how the equipment is in such a condition that this has happened. "The fact that a relatively small fire resulted in the closure of four rail lines last night and continued disruption 24 hours later - it's clearly not good enough for a city of our size.
"It causes a lot of disruption and a lot of economic cost, it's like shutting down three freeways at once," they said. With Jane Lee
Today we have a guest post from Sarah who started a great website called The Ethical Volunteer, a site dedicated to accessing information on how to volunteer overseas without having to go through an expensive agency, and which addresses both the cost concerns and the ethics of volunteering abroad.
The first time I travelled overseas to volunteer, I booked for seven weeks. I stayed for five years. During that time, I opened and ran a hostel for volunteers, worked alongside local projects and learned a lot about life in developing countries and the impact that volunteering can have on a community struggling to just get by. I also learned how to not get myself killed on Tanzanian roads and some driving skills which I hope I will never need again.
Initially I travelled to Tanzania in 2006 when I was twenty four years old with an international ‘Volunteer Abroad' agency that organised my accommodation, food and introduced me to a few local projects. My time with this agency was very safe and enjoyable and I had a wonderful volunteering experience. It became apparent to me very early on, however, that the price I had paid to volunteer was grossly disproportionate to the expenses I incurred during my stay. In a developing country, where the average wage was less than two euro per day and lunch could be purchased for fifty cent, I was quickly learning that the agency was making a pretty penny from my volunteering experience . But at the end of the day I couldn't fully fault the agency for this; they had not lied or pretended the money they charged was donated to projects, I simply had not shopped around for a better deal. In fact, I hadn't realised that there were ‘better deals' out there.
Although I had backpacked through Central America, and so had some experience of developing countries, volunteering in the Dark Continent was still a daunting prospect and my primary concern was that I would be in safe hands. The agency I booked through, with their professional website and efficient service team, allowed for the comfort of knowing that I was travelling with a legitimate company. As with most prearranged travel experiences, however, after a few weeks in Tanzania I realised that I had not needed the added ‘safety' offered by having an agency organise my accommodation and food. Moshi, like towns the world over, had enough hotels and restaurants to accommodate the needs of most travellers. I was well capable of looking after myself and the added security of travelling with an agency was mostly an illusion.
Also, I had begun to feel a little uneasy that I had spent so much money to volunteer in a country where most of the population lived below the poverty line; it didn't seem right to pay such exorbitant fees to an international agency for the opportunity to volunteer for a community that had so little, especially while the profits remained overseas. The agency had filled a niche, it provided a service for those that wanted to volunteer but were nervous of going it alone, and this service did not come cheap. Living in Tanzania, it was quite clear, however, that there was no need for the high costs; the service that agencies provide could be carried out for a fraction of the price.
With this in mind, I stayed on in Tanzania after my seven weeks were up and within six months I had opened Hostel Hoff, a hostel in Moshi town that would provide accommodation and food, while linking guests for no extra cost to projects in town. It began small (it had to, I had no money…), with four beds and a dinner menu that was repeated every three nights, but soon the word spread and the hostel capacity expanded to twenty beds within eighteen months. Thankfully, together with the cook, we also learned how to prepare a few more meals. In the years that followed, myself and the volunteers that came through Hostel Hoff became intimately involved in the daily activities and long term development of the many projects that we supported, including local schools, children's centres and women's groups.
Through the organisation we founded, Path to Africa, we fundraised over 55,00 Euro, which our volunteers used to purchase building materials and equipment for the various different projects that were being carried out. We achieved much, not only because it was easier to match the skill sets of our volunteers with the specific roles at projects when we were acquainted with the current requirements of the project, but also because many volunteers were in a position to donate money as they had not given it to an agency.
The four years spent managing Hostel Hoff, in a town where our guests worked alongside those from various international agencies, taught me a huge amount about the volunteer industry. First and foremost, agencies are making huge profits. At Hostel Hoff, the average price for bed, breakfast, dinner and laundry is 12 Euro per night, which works out at 360 Euro per month. It is difficult to find any placement with an agency for less than 1000 Euro for the first month, and those that charge more have a higher budget for marketing, meaning that when you search online for a volunteer opportunity you'll inevitably have to wade through pages and pages of fee paying agencies before possibly reaching anything that doesn't come with a hefty price tag.
High fees, however, are not the only issue. The larger the agency, the less they tend to know about individual projects. By living in Moshi town and working alongside projects, I knew intimately how these organisations were run and so was in a position to recommend those that were an asset to the community and discredit those that were more interested in donor money than in the development of their projects or the welfare of those they were supposed to be supporting.
After four years of running the hostel, and three months shy of my thirtieth birthday, I decided it was time to move on and left the hostel in the hand of the new owners, Amanda and Simbo Natai. The hostel is going stronger than ever, but so are volunteer agencies. There are hundreds, probably thousands, more now than when I first opened the hostel, and, therefore, even more clogging up the pages of search engines like Google. Leaving Tanzania, I was happy with how the hostel was running, but I felt that, in the face of the billion dollar ‘volunteer industry' today, it wasn't enough. It would be better, I thought, if I could use the model of Hostel Hoff to open volunteer hostels worldwide, but unfortunately I'm far too lazy for that. So I did the next best thing: I painstakingly contacted hostels all over the world to find out if there are any out there that are already linked with local projects or actively assisting their guests with finding placements for no extra cost.
There are, eighty three to be exact, at least that's what I could find. The hostels are now all listed on a new site, The Ethical Volunteer, along with information about the projects they support and the towns where they are located. Volunteers can contact hostel owners and project co-ordinators in advance, or for those who are backpacking, they can simply turn up at the door and be directed towards local projects supported by the hostel for no extra cost. And these are only the hostels that I could find that are already actively connecting their guests with volunteer work. In the long run, the more exposure the concept gets, the more hostels should come on board, meaning more local businesses benefit from receiving more clients, more local projects will benefit from receiving volunteers who have chosen to work at that specific project and so are more likely to have a relevant skill set for the work, and volunteers benefit by saving huge amounts of money. The only ones who don't benefit are the volunteer agencies whose services are no longer required, and I, for one, am happy with that!
For more information on volunteering through hostels visit:
Volunteering for Free | Avoid Volunteer Abroad Agencies
Find the opera productions people enjoy
I think Ian Campbell has done a wonderful job of running the opera. I am not finding fault with them or with their salary. Their ability to find just the right talent at just the right time has saved the company a great deal of money and provided great singers.
They had a new vision that has served us well. At the beginning of the recession they responded and kept us going, but times are changing, and perhaps in these difficult times we need a new vision to keep us going
I've forgotten the city, but a failing opera company hired a new manager during the recession who turned the company around. Instead of closing they are thriving. We don't have to stick to the same cavernous venue that requires the most powerful, expensive voices, the same pattern of having only grand operas, the introduction of new operas that have very limited appeal (even Met at the Movies has few attendees at an Adams or Glass opera).
This is not the time to bring in operas that make you feel you are in a classroom forced to listen to something that is good for you. When the economy is on a more sound footing they can be introduced.
That said, most subscribers feel an enormous disappointment that it has to be grand opera as we have known it or no opera at all. The public wants opera we can enjoy or we won't come. Phyllis Ingram
La Jolla
Light operas might have worked
One of the usual suspects leading to the proposed closure of the San Diego Opera is declining revenue from ticket sales. My wife and I, who have held season tickets for over 40 years, think this might not have happened if Ian Campbell had put on more operas people want to see, and fewer that were intended to educate us.
They adamantly refused to present light operas, such as “A Merry Widow” (which we were able to see at the New York Metropolitan Opera).
When we wish to be informed, we attend extension courses. When we go to the opera we hope to be transported by hearing beautiful music.
(There is one bright spot: we won't have to endure “Nixon in China” next year.)
David Collins
San Diego
Independent audit of opera in order
All sorts of information have been forthcoming about the San Diego Opera's demise. Board President Karen Cohn suggested the Campbells will lose compensation, benefits, etc. With their bloated salaries, one cannot, in good conscience feel all that sorry for them. This entire opera caper does not seem to pass the smell test. With no debt, no bills, there has been a rather limp notion that the opera must go.
Those in authority cannot seem to understand what has transpired. Perhaps an independent oversight group might go a long way to fully understand what has occurred.
Rodgers T. Smith
El Cajon
Board president's strong argument
The showdown between Karen Cohn and William Purves wasn't close (March 30, Op-Ed). Score it a knockout in the first round by Ms. Cohn. Them arguments were clear, pointed, concise and convincing.
They know them market. Them opera subscribers, like the fans of every San Diego sports teams only want the best. One look at how the Chargers' and Padres' attendance figures stack up and it's easy to relate. Even the champion SDSU Aztecs basketball team will only truly pack the arena when they are in a marquis matchup with another powerhouse. To put an inferior product on the table would just invite more opera fans to spend their time enjoying another of many activities San Diego has to offer.
Ms. Cohn also succinctly explains the accounting behind how chronic operating deficits are wiped out (via the drawdown of Joan Kroc's $10.5 million bequest). I wonder if Mrs. Kroc anticipated or would have appreciated their very generous gift being depleted within 10 years.
Mr. Purves offered only platitudes and contradictions in their argument. They admit the donor well is dry, yet calls for finding other sources as a fix. What mega donor will pony up millions knowing it will only go toward shoring up operating deficits. Their complaint about not having input in the discussion seems more sour grapes than not having any great ideas heard.
The only cogent point they made was about the deciding 33-1 vote by board members. If there are indeed 58 board members as Mr. Purves states why did only 34 cast votes?
Paul Jester
San Diego
Opera is done
With all due respect, how many articles does the U-T have to run on the death of the opera? Nobody cares about people dressed in robes and capes with daggers and swords chasing each other around the stage screaming in a foreign language.
You might think this has some sort of redeeming social value, but the general public does not. If you sent out a reporter out on the street and asked people if they listened to Othello, most would think they were a rapper from New York City.
The opera is done. It's over. The fat lady has sung. Let them rest in peace.
Mark J Leonard
Rancho Bernardo
(This secret, here .) Yes, the secret is out.
And let me just say……..wow. And thank you. Thanks for all of the well wishes and congratulations. And in a cyber-kind-of-way……making me feel through your comments like you just dropped off a plate of warm cookies. Or a bag of candy corn. Haha. But really, thanks.
And yes, I'm thrilled to create many more little eensy-weensy outfits…..so stay tuned. :)
(And that little dress I made is a pattern in the works. I was thinking next spring but maybe there are enough people who'd like a head start? I'll see what I can do.)
And in case you were wondering, yes, my belly is expanding.
And with an expanding belly, clothes are sometimes tricky.
Have you seen all of those belly bands that allow you to wear your non-maternity pants…..but unbuttoned? (Not that all of my non-maternity pants fit. But sometimes I buy larger pants and wear them unbuttoned while pregnant. I don't always care for those huge maternity pant, up-to-my-chest, waist bands. Frustrating.)
There are many, many belly band brands out there but they are all basically the same thing. A band of stretchy knit that hides your waist band and opened button…..to give you a bit of extra room around the waist……while also keeping your pants up. No more rubber bands holding your pants closed.
I had never used one before today and have always just used a long cami under my shirts.
But you know the problem with those?
-When you bend over, they pull up.
-When your belly grows out, they shrink up.
And there's nothing I hate worse then my belly peeking out at the bottom of my shirt.
Know what I mean?
But these maternity bands actually stay in place…….right around the waist.
Full coverage.
And ahhhhhh , can I tell you how comfortable they are? No elastic at the top, no tightness, nothing.
It feels like yoga pants around your waist.
And lets hear a 3 cheers for wanting to wear yoga pants everywhere for the entire 9 months of pregnancy. How I wish.
So, from the outside , the maternity band looks like a little layered cami look…
But it only goes up part way .
And after making this gray one, and loving it, I made 4 more .
And why not?
It only took about an hour to make all 5.
And barely cost me a thing.
Perfect .
I sure loved paying maybe $1 for each one, rather than $15-$20.
And you know, I plan on using these for that squishy post-delivery belly when nothing fits for a while.
And also as a way to keep a bit more covered while nursing. I can just keep the band around my waist while the shirt goes up. Even though I also use a nursing cover or blanket to cover up….I like to keep my sides and back covered up too. So I like this idea.
So thank you to that first person who ever thought up the idea.
I love it.
Would you like to make your own?
I used up knits that I already had and actually paid nothing for this project but if you are going out to buy some knit, you don't need more than 3/4 of a yard. Make sure to check the sale bin first……I can often times find knits for $2-$3 a yard. (I used jersey knits and some blended knits with some lycra in it for all of my maternity bands.)
Now, everyone is a different size and may end up needing a different amount of fabric. Also, you may like the band to go higher/lower on your belly or a bit tighter around your middle…but here are the measurements I used.
I cut a piece of knit that was about 35 inches wide and 20 inches tall. Some of the knits weren't as stretchy so I experimented with making the piece more or less than the 35 inches wide. Just start bigger and then you can always cut it down.
**And make sure that the stretch is going width-wise, so it stretches across your belly.
First, I folded the knit in half longways and used a zig-zag stitch (so it would still stretch) along the long side, using a 1/2 inch seam allowance.
Then I turned the long tube right side out and folded it in half with the seam along the inside.
Then I matched up to 2 inner seams along both raw ends and pinched them together.
Then I began sewing the 2 ends together, with the right sides together. I continued with the zig-zag stitch and 1/2 inch seam allowance.
I sewed as far as a could go…..because your fabric is twisted and you can't sew all the way around the circle opening with the right sides together.
Then, I shoved the insides towards the inside and was left with an opening.
So i hand-stitched the opening closed. (Need help with hand-stitching? Click here .)
Once you have hand-stitched the opening closed, maneuver the fabric around until the long horizontal seam is laying along the inside of the band. Then iron/steam the whole thing flat.
Now make several more.
It sure makes the big belly life easier.
Ahhhhh……..
Pin 75 Email 656 Shares
After many months of work and effort put in by all of us but especially by Steve Hannah and Fabrício Carvalho Cabeça we are finally live with the Windows Universal Platform (AKA UWP) native build target!
As far as I know Codename One is the only native option for Java developers to build native Windows UWP apps.
NOTE Notice that this target is still in technology preview stage! Please report any issue you run into
Besides the effort of building the Codename One port with everything it entails (including newer build servers), we also leveraged the ambitious iKVM project which we had to modify extensively with the help of some community members specifically Eugene who proved very helpful during this work!
(I hope I didn't forget anyone, I didn't take an active role in this port and I might have missed someone if so please accept my apologies.)
The whole source of this port, as well as our changes to iKVM, are available in our git repository.
What Does This Mean?
As of May, Windows 10 has been installed on 300 million PC's and devices making it a significant platform and app store. Microsoft has traditionally been quite strong in the enterprise and the ability to sell into that market thru its app store (with the success of the Surface tablet line) is valuable.
Microsoft has standardized on the Universal Windows Platform which effectively "reinvents" Windows as a single platform on all supported devices. In a way, this is very much like Java's Write Once Run Anywhere for the Windows ecosystem (mobile, tablets, Xbox, desktops etc.).
Windows UWP apps can be sold thru the Microsoft app store which is currently growing as users are still adopting Windows 10.
Building an App
You don't need to make any change to your app to run it on a Windows 10 device/computer. Notice that you will need a certificate file to ship such an app, we are still working on instructions to generate such a certificate in a simple way but you can configure a license file in the new Codename One settings UI under the Windows UWP settings.
NOTE This is currently optional, you can send a build without configuring a certificate to test this on your local machine
Open the new Codename One preferences options in the right click of the project:
Scroll down using swipe and click the UWP section:
You can now set a certficiate file and password for signing a universal app:
To actually build the native app you can just right-click and select the Windows UWP target, don't be confused with the other options for desktop & the old Windows Phone support…
The new Windows UWP target:
Installing the build on your machine requires Windows 10 (obviously) but also requires development mode indicating that you can "sideload" applications. We need to write up our own documentation on how to do this but for now, check out this well-written guide.
Once you do that your app can run on your machine and we should be able to submit such apps to the Windows store:
What's Next?
The next set of steps depends on you. We will try to get apps into the Windows Store in order to complete the process but we will consider this port production grade only when significant apps start shipping to the Windows Store.
So we need bug reports and demand from you in order to bring this to that coveted production grade status…
Future of Windows Desktop Port
You will also notice, UWP allows building Windows desktop apps which overlaps with the Windows Desktop build target that is currently limited to pro subscribers.
There is still some value in the Windows desktop build in the sense that it's really a Java SE application with the full power of the JRE behind it. If you need that and compatibility to older versions of Windows this can be quite powerful…
However, if you are interested in a smaller native binary and can live with Windows 10 or newer as the baseline I'd go for the new port as it should provide a superior native experience with a smaller footprint.
For now we will keep supporting the Windows desktop target and have no plans of removing/deprecating it.
The Maine Department of Transportation is using some holiday humor to grab the attention of drivers who may be speeding on Interstate 295 between Scarborough and West Gardiner.
The department changed the message on its variable-message signs along the 53-mile stretch, and on sections of Route 1 and other major highways, to say: “Santa sees you when you are speeding.”
Transportation department spokesperson Ted Talbot said the message went up Wednesday afternoon and won't be changed until after Christmas.
“We're glad there is some humor in the message,” Talbot said. “It doesn't always have to be a wave of the finger.”
Talbot said the Santa message is just one idea the department has had while it considers how it can make the heavily traveled interstate safer.
Led by chief engineer Joyce Taylor and traffic engineer Steve Landry, the department is looking at the message signs as vehicles for getting drivers' attention. Talbot said other states have taken similar approaches as traffic volume, accidents and speeds have increased.
“These interstates were built in the '50s,” they said, “and weren't designed to handle this volume of traffic.”
Share
filed under:
From The Age of Adaline to the Age of Ultron, check out all the titles arriving on Blu-ray, DVD and Digital HD September 8, 2015
Welcome to ComingSoon.net's look at all the top entertainment hitting this week on Blu-ray, DVD and streaming platforms. Check out the gallery viewer below for a look at the major new releases, catalogue titles and television collections hitting shelves on Tuesday, September 8, 2015. We've also started including titles that are newly available via Digital HD.
The Blake Lively-headlined magical romantic drama The Age of Adaline kicks things off this week, although it's not the only “age” coming home September 8. Arriving early via Digital HD is Joss Whedon's superhero ensemble sequel Avengers: Age of Ultron. It's available to stream today in advance of its October 2 Blu-ray and DVD release.
The Man Who Wasn't There hits Blu-ray today, filling in an important gap in fans' Coen brothers collections. Still MIA in region one is their Barton Fink and The Ladykillers.
Shout Factory‘s Scream Factory, meanwhile, continues their impressive series of the Wes Craven collectors edition with the late horror master's Shocker. They've also got a Blu-ray edition of directors Adam Brooks and Matthew Kennedy's recent Giallo homage, The Editor.
Criterion this week brings another Brian De Palma classic to the collection with a special features-packed edition of Dressed to Kill.
For younger audiences, two original features debut this week in the form of Barbie in Rock ‘N Royals and Thomas & Friends: Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure – The Movie.
On the small screen, we're getting Gotham: Season One in time for the second season premiere September 21 as well as Blu-ray sets for Haven: Season Five, Part One, Homeland: Season Four, Supernatural: Season Ten and, on DVD only, Brooklyn Nine-Nine: Season Two and The Goldbergs: Season Two.
Also arriving via Digital HD this week are the dark comedy drama The Overnight and HBO's sports comedy special, 7 Days in Hell, starring Andy Samberg and Kit Harington.
You can check out cover art for all the September 8 releases in the gallery viewer below alongside a listing of each release's special features (where applicable):
April 3, 2017
Todd Chretien recounts how one California police officer's thirst for brutality has crashed into the life of yet another innocent member of the public.
ON JANUARY 28, 2017, Hollister Police Department officer Miguel Masso stopped Earl Malanado as they were driving home from a friend's house in this central California town. Masso claimed that Malanado's license plates didn't match their car's description, although they subsequently retracted the accusation.
Masso then issued Malanado citations for an out-of-date registration and for not having a paper copy of their proof of insurance in the car. When Malanado protested against the false reason given for the initial stop and stated that they had a First Amendment right to speak up for himself, Masso became agitated and announced that they were placing Malanado under arrest--supposedly for "interfering with a police investigation." They ordered Malanado to exit the vehicle.
In an interview with Socialist Worker, Malanado describes what happens next.
I didn't even get a chance to get out of my car and stand up. Masso grabbed my right hand in a submission hold, you know, like cops do, and knocked my phone, which was still recording, out of my hand. They really sent it flying. Their attack was immediate and vicious, like a Ninja. I went to the ground like a rag doll.
Killer cop Miguel Masso photographed by activists in downtown Oakland (Occupy Oakland)
Malanado didn't know yet, but they aren't Masso's first victim.
On May 6, 2012, Masso shot and killed 18-year-old African American high school student Alan Blueford in East Oakland after racially profiling them and two friends. Masso later claimed that they had Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome from their time in Iraq and had "gone into autopilot" as they pursued Blueford.
Masso initially claimed that Blueford had shot him, but it was quickly learned that Masso shot themselves in the foot in addition to fatally shooting Blueford.
Masso had a history even before the Blueford murder.
In 2007, Rafael Santiago filed a lawsuit against Masso and three other New York City Police officers for beating and repeatedly using a Taser on them while in custody. After the case was settled, Masso resigned from the NYPD and took a job as an officer in Oakland.
After Masso killed their son, Alan Blueford's parents Jeralynn and Adam spearheaded a high-profile activist movement organized under the name JAB--Justice for Alan Blueford. For months, community members and anti-police brutality activists occupied City Council meetings and brought business as usual to a halt.
The case made headlines in Oakland for more than two years. Although the Alameda County district attorney refused to press charges against Masso, the city of Oakland subsequently paid a settlement in a civil lawsuit filed by the Blueford family.
As was the case in New York, Masso resigned under pressure--only to be hired by a new department in August 2014, this time in Hollister, just 80 miles south of Oakland.
IF THE Hollister Police Department was aware of Masso's history of abuse, Malanado was not. Masso dragged the 50-year-old man from their car on January 28, and things quickly escalated out of control. Malanado said:
Masso pinned my hands behind my back and threw me to the ground. While I was falling, they pulled my jacket up over my head so it was covering my face. I have COPD, which means I have trouble breathing. So they had my hands pinned behind me, with their left knee on the back of my knees and their right knee on my right arm, pushing my face into the ground, with my jacket covering my mouth and nose. I kept yelling, "I can't breathe, my medication is in my jacket. I can't breathe." I started to panic and just kept screaming, "I can't breathe."
Luckily for Malanado, another Hollister officer arrived on the scene and took them into custody. "All I could think was that I wanted to get into the sheriff's custody and away from Masso," said Malanado. "When the second cop put me in their patrol car I told them I thought Masso was crazy."
Malanado was then taken to jail and processed by the sheriff's department. At no point along the way was they read their Miranda rights, and neither the Hollister Police nor the sheriff's departments took Malanado to the hospital for medical treatment.
Upon being released into their family's custody after midnight, Malanado returned home briefly and then went to the hospital. While at the hospital, a Hollister police officer entered Malanado's room and questioned them about the encounter with Masso.
"He just kept smirking and implying that everything was my fault," explained Malanado. Although no longer under arrest, the officer refused to leave Malanado alone. Hospital medical and security personnel eventually had to insist the officer exit the room.
Nearly two months later, Malanado is still feeling the effects of the assault.
My injuries are mostly bruises, on my knees and especially my right elbow. There were cuts on my wrist, and I had an x-ray of my elbow to see if there was a fracture. Now I have pains in my knee. I have a lot of trouble sleeping too. Not so much because of the physical pain, but because of the mental anguish. It's all I can think about so I can't sleep. I keep wondering, "What did I do? Why me? Why do I deserve this?"
Soon after Malanado's ordeal, a family member Googled Masso's name and learned about the Blueford case. Malanado quickly reached out to Alan Blueford's parents to find out what had happened in Oakland. They became convinced that they had to speak out:
OCCRP PRESENTS: The Russian Laundromat
Call it the Laundromat. It's a complex system for laundering more than $20 billion in Russian money stolen from the government by corrupt politicians or earned through organized crime activity. It was designed to not only move money from Russian shell companies into EU banks through Latvia, it had the added feature of getting corrupt or uncaring judges in Moldova to legitimize the funds. The state-of-the-art system provided exceptionally clean money backed by a court ruling at a fraction of the cost of regular laundering schemes. It made up for the low costs by laundering huge volumes. The system used just one bank in Latvia and one bank in Moldova but 19 banks in Russia, some of them controlled by rich and powerful figures including the cousin of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Name: Graham Stack
Age: 30
Nationality: Irish
How old were you when you first started playing football and did you always want to be a goalkeeper?
I started football at the age of 7, I was at QPR from 9 to 11 and eventually at the age of 12 I was offered a trial at Arsenal as a midfielder after representing my Borough and County as an outfield player. I found myself training with the goalkeepers on a recommendation by Bob Wilson after having attended a Bob Wilson Goalkeeping School, where I won an award for Goalkeeper With Most Potential which was presented to me by David Seaman.
Where and when did you get your big break?
Signing a scholarship at Arsenal at the age of 16.
Did you face any obstacles along the way, ever think it wasn't going to happen and if so how did you get past them?
The strength of competition was an obstacle to me, there were good goalkeepers at the club and these were my obstacle. To get past this I was extremely determined and hardworking, I also used the best coaches that were available to me to learn from.
Who was your biggest influence growing up?
Peter Schmeichel and David Seaman.
How do you prepare for a big game? Any tips on warm-ups?
I eat well, rest plenty, mentally prepare myself, plenty of touches of the ball with hands and feet, nothing too demanding.
Are you superstitious or do you have any pre-game rituals?
I make the sign off the cross 3 times before any game – 1 for each of my children (Leila 4, Gracie 2 and George 6 months)
What techniques do you employ to keep focused for the full 90 minutes?
Talking, I like to communicate a lot as it keeps my concentration.
What goalkeeper gloves do you wear and how important is the right goalkeeper glove to you?
Sells Wrap – All goalkeeper gloves in this day and age are of excellent quality – but I have used this brand for many years.
What are the main features you look for in a goalkeeper glove?
Grip and comfort.
Since you've started playing what is the most important bit of advice you've been given and by whom?
Work hard and use your ability to its best to achieve as much as possible.
What's been your biggest career highlight(s) so far?
Being involved in the Arsenal Premiership winning team.
Who is/has been your toughest opponent and do you prepare differently to face them? (Team and player)
Celtic / Anthony Stokes – They look to shoot at every opportunity regardless of distance and angle and also carries a threat from set pieces.
Any advice you could give to young goalkeepers trying to break through?
Be patient, and grab the opportunity with both hands when it arises.
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Blackhawks recalled forward Brandon Pirri from the Rockford IceHogs of the AHL and assigned forward Jimmy Hayes to the IceHogs on Friday.
Pirri, a 2009 second-round pick by the Blackhawks, suffered an undisclosed injury during training camp and was among coach Joel Quenneville's final roster cuts last month. Pirri has three assists in three games with the IceHogs this season.
Pirri told ESPNChicago.com earlier in the week they were still working toward an NHL opportunity.
“You can't control where you are,” Pirri said in Rockford on Wednesday. “You just have to do the best with the situation you have. Obviously getting into some games and getting back into a routine, that helps a lot. I just want to show well. Hopefully, I get that opportunity with the Blackhawks or somewhere else.”
Hayes played in two of the Blackhawks' first four games. They had zero points and a plus-1 rating. They were a healthy scratch against the New York Islanders on Friday.
The race for Minnesota attorney general picked up another candidate Thursday as St. Paul City Attorney Samuel Clark confirmed they are running.
Clark, a 34-year-old Democrat who became the city attorney in April 2015, recently filed to register a campaign committee with the state — a requisite first step toward seeking statewide office.
They made their decision official Thursday while joined at the Capitol by Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman, Ramsey County Attorney John Choi, Minneapolis City Attorney Susan Segal, former U.S. Attorney Andy Luger, former St. Paul Police Chief Tom Smith and former St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington, who is chief of Metro Transit Police.
Clark, the son of retired Ramsey County District Judge James Clark Jr., grew up in St. Paul and obtained their undergraduate degree from Harvard University and their law degree from Yale Law School.
They served as a political aide to Sen. Amy Klobuchar before being tapped by St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman to oversee a team of 43 attorneys.
Coleman's decision to hire the then-31-year-old Clark over 28 other applicants raised eyebrows at the time, given their two years of experience in private practice.
“I do think I'm uniquely qualified to be the next attorney general in that I've already led one of the biggest public law offices in the state, and before that I worked in politics at a statewide level as Klobuchar's state director,” Clark said in a recent interview.
Like other Democrats in the race, Clark acknowledged the awkwardness of running for a seat currently held by a Democratic incumbent, Lori Swanson, who has not yet announced whether they will seek re-election. Most candidates have speculated that Swanson will run for governor, though they have yet to make a public decision.
With party caucuses scheduled for February, Clark said they and other candidates face some deadline pressure. “Should they decide not to run for re-election, I want to be the next attorney general,” they said Thursday.
Declared candidates for the attorney general's seat include Republican Doug Wardlow and Democrats Matt Pelikan, Debra Hilstrom and Ryan Winkler. Others have also announced they are considering entering the race, which will be decided at the same time as the gubernatorial election in November 2018.
Rabat - Morocco denied on Monday the death of its soldiers in Yemen .
Rabat – Morocco denied on Monday the death of its soldiers in Yemen.
“The Kingdom of Morocco denies categorically the information published by some news agencies on the death of Moroccan soldiers in Yemen, said Monday a communiqué of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation (MAEC).
“Such information is baseless,” the statement added. Furthermore, Morocco has at no time confirmed the sending of troops to that country for the purpose of a land engagement as reported by several media, including the Moroccan press,” it concluded.
The statement issued by Moroccan authorities comes less than 12 hours after many news outlets reported on the alleged of between seven and nine Moroccan soldiers in rocket strike by the Iran-backed Houthi rebels.
Citing Asset Source, a mobile intelligence and monitoring company, the International Business Times reported that nine Moroccan soldiers were reportedly killed in the attack, in addition to 16 and 18 Sudanese, 23 Saudi, seven Emiratis.
The information was based on the assumption that Morocco had sent its soldiers to take part in a ground military operation in Yemen. Last month, the Moroccan daily Assabah reported had sent 1,500 soldiers to fight in Yemen. However, it was mentioned in our report about the alleged death of Moroccan soldiers in Yemen, Moroccan authorities have never confirmed the sending of their troops to Yemen.
Langley, VA – A decades-long plot to get Cuban dictator Fidel Castro to pass away peacefully in their sleep has come to fruition, according to a statement from the CIA.
“We are proud to announce that our 53 years of patience have finally paid off,” said CIA spokesperson Ryan Trimarchi. “It seems silly in retrospect, but when President Kennedy first approved the plan there were many detractors who said it would fail.”
First hatched in 1963, so-called “Operation Sit-Back-And-Let-It-Happen” was one of many CIA plots intended to end the life of the Communist revolutionary and the only one to succeed. The mission's completion was formally declared after Cuban State television announced Castro's death at the age of 90.
“It's just a shame that JFK didn't live to see it,” Trimarchi added. “Or Johnson. Or Nixon. Ditto Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan. They all would've been real proud.”
The CIA's announcement has been met with praise by Cuban-Americans, including policy advocate Mauricio Diaz.
“I give the CIA a lot of credit for being willing to play the long game in bringing down this oppressive dictator,” said the lobbyist and director of the Cuban Liberty PAC. “Until now no one in Cuba realized that ‘failures' like the Bay of Pigs and all those assassination attempts were just a great cover for this master plan.”
“Now all we need to do is wait 5 or 6 years for Raul to have an aneurysm and we can finally bring Democracy to the Cuban people,” added Diaz.
The top secret plot is considered the longest continuous operation in CIA history. When the Cuban President outlived the operation's initial target date of 2003, George W. Bush approved an additional 15 years of funding to send agents to hang around Havana. When Castro's health led them to abdicate power in 2008, the CIA focused their efforts on deploying SR-71 Blackbirds daily to take pictures and confirm whether they were “still moving”.
“Some felt the program was wasteful, but there's no denying it didn't work,” said Trimarchi.
“And now, thanks to these efforts, Fidel Castro is no longer a threat to our democracy,” they concluded.
Just a quick post to call out a recent update to my old Box2d benchmarks. I'd been meaning to update the numbers for some time, and it became clear that now is that time when I got several pull requests and issues reported within the last month or so (thanks to Alon Zakai, Alex Russell, Kevin Moore, and Dan Gohman for that). Alex in particular sent me a cryptic message recently, suggesting that I absolutely had to re-run the numbers, so here we are. It appears they were right!
The Data
First, the updated numbers (these are on the project's README as well). If you look back at the ones from last July, you'll immediately notice that just about every browser VM has improved dramatically.
ms/frame 5th %ile 95th %ile Ratio to C C (clang-500.2.79) 2.14 1.89 2.41 1.00 pNaCl 2.61 2.31 2.92 1.22 asm.js (Firefox 27) 3.24 3.00 4.00 1.51 Flash/Crossbridge (*) 5.16 4.16 7.81 2.41 asm.js (Chrome 33) 5.43 4.00 6.00 2.54 Java (1.8) 5.71 5.00 6.00 2.67 AS3 8.15 7.00 9.00 3.81 asm.js (IE11) 9.54 7.00 12.0 4.46 Dart (Dartium) 10.8 9.00 14.0 5.05 Box2dWeb (Firefox 27) 10.9 10.0 11.0 5.10 Box2dWeb (Chrome 33) 14.5 12.0 18.0 6.78 Box2dWeb (Safari 7) 15.5 13.0 19.0 7.24 Box2dWeb (IE11) 15.6 13.0 21.0 7.29 Dart2js (Chrome 33) 30.6 26.0 35.0 14.3 asm.js (Safari 7) (**) 272. 240. 309. 127.
[Test platform: MacBook Pro, 2.3 GHz i7, 16G memory, Mac OS X 10.9.2, Windows 7. All platform and compiler versions are latest unless otherwise specified.]
(*) Crossbridge is exhibiting some kind of problem calculating 5th %ile, so I just set it to the mean - 1.
(**) asm.js performs so badly on Safari 7 that I left it off the graph to avoid making it impossible to read.
Scaled to multiples of native performance. The white line denotes the mean, and the edges of the box denote the 5th and 95th %iles.
What you really notice at first is that all the performance multiples (everything on the graph is in terms of multiples of native C) are compressed into roughly half the range from last year. Whereas in the past, the outliers had 95th %iles in the 15-20x native range, now not a single one goes above 10x. This is huge for predictability if you're shipping something that has to support all modern browsers.
Box2dWeb performance is now fairly stable across browsers, all running roughly 7x native, with significant but acceptable variance. It's nice to see that with all the work going into pNaCl and asm.js, performance on idiomatic Javascript is still improving and stabilizing.
We're also seeing significant improvement in Dart VM performance, from about 7x last year to 5x this year (and notably outperforming all the Javascript VMs on idiomatic Javascript (though not asm.js output). And Dart2Js, while unsurprisingly slower than hand-written Javascript, is closing in, now running within about 2x of raw Javascript on V8.
pNaCl (which is in Chrome now, and the p part means no more nasty x86 binaries; it's all LLVM now!) remains right around 20% slower than native, which is the same as it was for the old x86 NaCl. This makes me very happy, because it felt incredibly odd to download a stinking pile of x86 code into my browser.
asm.js continues to pique my interest. While it's still a bit slower than pNaCl, it's running 1.5x native to pNaCl's 1.2x, which puts them both very close together at the head of the pack. And curiously, Chrome 33 now runs asm.js output at only 2.5x native, which is a suspicously large improvement that makes me wonder if V8 has started specializing on asm.js input, or just gotten really good at identifying those kinds of patterns (V8 people, feel free to comment on this).
Last but not least, IE11 definitely wins in the “most improved” category. As much as we might like to bitch about IE, v11 is trailing quite close to all the other browsers on both raw and asm.js input. This certainly leads me to believe that Microsoft wasn't kidding when they said they were back in the browser business. Good on ‘em!
Takeaways
Everything's faster
As I noted above, all the VMs are faster than they were a year ago. Unsurprisingly, the slowest ones improved the most, and this is great for predictability. If you need decent VM performance across browsers, you can rely on that now. This has not been the case until recently.
The Dart VM's mostly faster than idiomatic JS
The Dart VM has clearly made large strides in the past year. If you're running idiomatic script code, it outperforms most Javascript VM's (though Firefox is roughly the same, with lower variance). This is worth keeping an eye on, as I suspect there are plenty more optimizations waiting in the wings.
“Native” code for high performance
At the same time, if you need every ounce of performance you can get, it's only becoming clearer that you need “native” code. It's just that the definition of “native” is becoming fuzzier. The cluster of {C, pNaCl, asm.js} at the left side of the graph are all much faster than any idiomatic script. Notably, all of these take C++ as input, not Javascript, Dart, Java, or ActionScript. The routes they take to your CPU are varied, of course, but I think it's quite salient that they all start with C++. This strongly implies that high-performance games on the web must either be written in C++, or go through a toolchain like Unity or Unreal that can do this for you.
The case of asm.js output on Chrome 33 is an interesting one. It's improved dramatically, sitting in a little cluster alongside Crossbridge and Java. If I'm correct in assuming that this improvement is entirely attributable to non-asm.js-specific optimizations in V8, then it makes me wonder if it's feasible to get roughly equivalent performance to Firefox's asm.js code generator without bifurcating the code generators. Interesting times!
If there are two producers who can return French house back to its former glory then it's LifeLike, aka Laurent Ash, and Alan Braxe.
LifeLike has just released the first single from their forthcoming album, ‘Electronic Dreams‘, and the single is a sure-fire return to the form for the French producer, and in turn French house. We've got the exclusive world premiere of Alan Braxe's remix of ‘Overdrive‘ – and you're in for a treat as it's a grade-a French banger.
Braxe handles their remix in suitably flamboyant fashion; they don't completely reconstruct original but instead concentrates on drawing out every last sinew of energy out of the original's rasping melody – and then repurposes it for a full-fat French house remix backed by clattering drums, walls of bass and just enough melody to keep you sane.
Lifelike's new single which was co-written alongside disco demigod Giorgio Moroder also comes with a rather fetching video which focusses on one of the French's favourite past-times; the derrier. Basically, it couldn't be any more French if it tried.
LifeLike's new album, ‘Electronic Dreams‘, is scheduled for a April 2015 release and features collaborations with A-Trak, Chromeo, Oliver, Electric Youth (Drive's motion picture soundtrack), Yota, and Audio District.
Welcome to French Touch 2.0.
https://www.facebook.com/LifelikeOfficial
The Kansas City Chiefs are a perfect 3-0-1 in the regular season at the legendary home of the Green Bay Packers, Lambeau Field. Not only that, the Chiefs own the all-time record between the two teams and have won six of the last seven. Many of those games came in the Brett Favre era when the Packers were very good so that is impressive.
The Chiefs are 7-3-1 all-time against the Packers. Of the last seven meetings, the Chiefs have only lost a 2007 matchup where Favre threw for 360 yards. There are two memorable wins in recent history:
1.) 2003 season when Trent Green hit Eddie Kennison for a 51-yard game winner as the Chiefs came back from a 17-point deficit to beat the Packers in overtime. Adam Teicher has a nice recap of that here.
2.) 2011 season when the Chiefs, who just fired Todd Haley, beat the unbeaten Packers. Yes, Kyle Orton is part of the Chiefs history against the Packers.
The two teams have met on Monday Night Football before. Back in 1993, the Chiefs hosted the Packers and won the game, 23-16. The Packers had SIX turnovers in that game and only lost by seven. Hmm ... that sounds familiar. The year before that game, Andy Reid broke into the NFL and stayed with the Packers until the Eagles hired them in 1999.
"Yes, it's similar to Arrowhead," Reid said recently, via quotes from the Chiefs. "It's one of those places that makes the NFL, what this league is. It's part of history, both places are part of history in this league. There's that element, but you really focus in on the football team. When you're playing a team there, that's what you do, when you're coaching a team there, you're not really worried about, ‘this is Lambeau,' you're worried about that opponent coming in and trying to get ready, and it's vice versa when you're on the other side of it. It's no different."
The Packers have the biggest win in this series. That was Super Bowl I when the Packers beat the Chiefs, 35-10. You can check out the box scores from the Chiefs-Packers history here.
Million Dollar Bill Gospel Tracts are Legal, Judge Rules
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
A federal district judge ruled this week in favor of a Christian man and ordered agents of the Department of Homeland Security to return all of the "Million Dollar Bill" Gospel tracts that they had confiscated from him.
The agents violated the Fourth Amendment by conducting a warrantless search and seizure, Judge Jorge A. Solis ruled.
Darrel Rundus, founder and president of Great News Network, Inc., filed a lawsuit after the agents entered the ministry's office and threatened an employee with arrest unless they handed over the Million Dollar Bills.
The bills, produced as Gospel tracts, ask the "million-dollar question" – "Will you go to heaven?" Though the bill has similarities to U.S. currency, it is not designed to fool anyone into believing that it is real money.
Among other notations, some phrases on the bill say "This bill is not legal tender" and "Thou Shalt Not Steal."
The Million Dollar Bill, which is produced by Ray Comfort and Living Waters as an evangelism tool, is GNN's most popular and effective Gospel tract.
It was brought to the attention of the Secret Service by a bank in North Carolina. It is unclear why the bank brought it to their attention but it was not as a result of an individual trying to pass it as real money, the judge noted.
In June 2006 the Secret Service agents went to GNN's office in Denton, Texas, after finding the Christian organization's web address on the bill. They told a GNN employee that the bill was in violation of federal law and that they needed to seize all of the bills.
Rundus, who was not at the office at that time but spoke with the agents on the phone, told them that they would turn over the bills if they returned with a search warrant or court order.
But the agents said they did not need a warrant and said they had to take the bills with them because they were "contraband."
According to the U.S. Treasury, it is illegal to duplicate and make copies that are comparable to existing currency with the intent to commit fraud. But Rundus has argued that since there is no such thing as a million dollar bill in circulation, it is not illegal to create and distribute one.
Judge Solis stated in their ruling that though there are similarities with U.S. currency, "the Million Dollar Bill, taken as a whole poses no reasonable risk of deceiving an honest, sensible, and unsuspecting person."
The Million Dollar Bill does not violate federal law, the judge ruled.
Rundus' attorney, Steve Crampton of Liberty Counsel, praised the decision.
"The Department of Homeland Security should be tracking dangerous criminals instead of harassing innocent people of faith for handing out religious tracts," Crampton stated. "No clerk or bank teller will mistake the 'Million Dollar' bill for legal tender. The Constitution stands as a bulwark against federal power and abusive law enforcement."
An estimated 8-10 million Million Dollar Bill Gospel tracts sold by Living Waters have been handed out over the last ten years. GNN has distributed over one million of the tracts.
Earlier this week, we helped publicize a fan-made petition that set out to get gay marriage support in the upcoming Nintendo game Tomodachi Life, which allows players to hang out and start relationships in a weird, surreal alternate universe habitated by Mii characters.
Nintendo has responded to that petition with a statement to the AP, and it's truly tone-deaf:
Nintendo never intended to make any form of social commentary with the launch of Tomodachi Life. The relationship options in the game represent a playful alternate world rather than a real-life simulation. We hope that all of our fans will see that 'Tomodachi Life' was intended to be a whimsical and quirky game, and that we were absolutely not trying to provide social commentary. The ability for same-sex relationships to occur in the game was not part of the original game that launched in Japan, and that game is made up of the same code that was used to localize it for other regions outside of Japan.
Advertisement
Of course, denying gay people the right to get married in a game about relationships and marriage is itself "social commentary."
Nintendo went on, according to the Associated Press:
Carrier IQ has dropped a cease and desist order against a security researcher who examined the company's software and documentation and described it as a "rootkit". Carrier IQ provides what it calls "Mobile Service Intelligence Solutions" which includes software embedded on, according to the company, over 141 million handsets. Carrier IQ says that its software is designed to assist carriers in providing customer support by analysing usage when problems such as dropped calls or rapidly drained batteries are reported.
Android developer and security researcher Trevor Eckhart decided to examine what the Carrier IQ software did and reported their findings. They found that, according to the publicly available Carrier IQ documentation, the range of information that could be captured by the embedded software was very wide. It included details of which apps were opened, when SMS messages were received, when calls were received, key presses and location information. The data collection could be triggered by a message being sent to the mobile device which would report back with a "metrics package" to a central server run by Carrier IQ. Eckhart included parts of Carrier IQ's documentation in their analysis.
Carrier IQ discovered Eckhart's analysis and responded by sending a cease and desist letter to Eckhart claiming they had violated copyright of the manuals and demanding that they stop saying the software was a rootkit; this included a requirement to place a specific apology on their site. Carrier IQ also removed the files in question from its own web site. At this point, Eckhart contacted the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF ) who explained in a letter to Carrier IQ how Eckhart's work and opinions was protected under fair use and US First Amendment law.
That cease and desist has – as more attention was drawn to Carrier IQ's operations – now been withdrawn , with the CEO of Carrier IQ, Larry Lenhart, asking the EFF for "help in establishing an open dialogue with Mr. Eckhart as I would like to personally apologize". Lenhart also offers to "start a discussion" with the EFF about the issues raised by Eckhart. In a press release , the company also called its action "misguided" but reiterated its position that its software does not record keystrokes, offer tracking tools, examine the content of communication or provide real-time data reporting to customers. The EFF said that it hopes "this incident will serve as an example to others who would misuse the law to squelch legitimate research and criticism".
(djwm)
The Marlins have announced a long-term extension with outfielder Christian Yelich that will reportedly guarantee them $49.57MM over seven seasons. Yelich, a client of Paragon Sports International, can be controlled for an eighth season (2022) through a club option.
The deal breaks down as follows: after earning $570K this year, Yelich will receive $1MM in 2016, $3.5MM in 2017, $7MM in 2018, $9.75MM in 2019, $12.5MM in 2020, and $14MM in 2021. The club option is valued at $15MM and comes with a $1.25MM buyout.
Miami reportedly made a run at Yelich earlier in the offseason, along with several other younger players. At the time, the Marlins were said to be proposing a similar structure — but lesser guarantee — than the six-year, $31.5MM Starling Marte deal (which came with two option years at the end). Yelich has just over one year of service time to their credit, meaning they were on track to reach arbitration eligibility in 2017 and free agency in 2020. That puts them in a functionally identical situation to Marte; despite having slightly different skillsets, the two are rather comparable on the whole and have been similarly valuable to the same points in their career.
In spite of that rather recent comp, the 23-year-old Yelich comes in a substantial margin ahead of Marte in the final analysis. Their new contract is the second-largest ever for a player in the one-to-two year service class, ranking ahead of Ryan Braun's 2008 deal while falling shy of the $58MM pact agreed upon last year by Andrelton Simmons and the Braves. (Notably, Simmons also managed to avoid giving up an option.) As compared to Marte, Yelich not only can look forward to a larger total payday, due in part to a higher option value in the final year of control, but also picks up an additional guaranteed year.
It is not difficult to see why Yelich was deemed worthy of such a level of commitment. They followed a promising rookie effort, playing about a third of a big league season, with a stellar full-year campaign in 2014. Yelich maintains a combined .285/.365/.400 slash over their 933 total big league plate appearances. Batting near the top of the Marlins lineup last year, Yelich racked up 21 steals and nine home runs.
As impressive as Yelich is on the offensive side, they figure to deliver plenty of defensive value moving forward as well. They were awarded the National League's Gold Glove for left field last year, and defensive metrics back that up: when playing in the corner, Yelich was worth 12.8 runs above average per UZR and racked up 13 Defensive Runs Saved.
Yelich's net contribution last year was in the range of 3.5 to 4.5 wins above replacement. That obviously makes them quite a valuable contributor, especially when one considers that it came in their age-22 season and that they have a strong track record of hitting in the minors to back up the success.
Miami stands to achieve both control and cost certainty over two-thirds of its outfield, having already inked Giancarlo Stanton to a record-setting pact earlier in the offseason. That unit, which includes 24-year-old center fielder Marcell Ozuna, is one of the youngest outfields in the game but is shaping up to be one of its best.
All said, today's signing puts another exclamation point on a busy offseason for the Fish. The team brought in several new names around the diamond, headlined by second baseman Dee Gordon, starter Mat Latos, and first baseman Michael Morse, and has now locked up two franchise-type players to sizable commitments. Given prior reports that the team was pursuing deals not only with that pair but also Ozuna, injured young ace Jose Fernandez, and shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, it is plausible to think that president of baseball operations Michael Hill and GM Dan Jennings may not yet be done. Righties Steve Cishek and Henderson Alvarez, each of whom have two years of arbitration control remaining beyond 2015, also appear to be reasonable targets should Miami choose to engage them in multi-year talks.
MLB Network's Mike Lowell gave the first word that a deal was coming to fruition. MLB.com's Joe Frisaro reported that the pact was for seven years, while Clark Spencer of the Miami Herald reported that the deal included an option and that the value was approximately $50MM. Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com and Jeff Passan of Yahoo Sports honed in on the final number, with Passan reporting the option year details. (All links to Twitter.) Frisaro tweeted the annual breakdown.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
After a “record-breaking” game, David Irving got a game ball, NFC defensive player of the week honors, a pat on the back and a good grade. The Dallas Cowboys defensive lineman also received an interesting observation from defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli.
“Oh, Dino,” Marinelli said, using Irving's nickname. “You messed up.”
“He meant it in a good way,” Irving said Monday. “Now he's expecting it all the time. He's pushing me harder, and I didn't think that was possible, but it is. It's all good.”
In the Cowboys' last game, a 30-16 victory over the Packers, Irving played only 19 snaps. Yet, they forced three fumbles, recovered a fumble, recorded a sack and batted down a pass.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
“It's a hard level to play at,” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said. “His production over 19 snaps is record-breaking, so it's hard to maintain that. But what you want to maintain is the professionalism, the discipline, the intensity each and every day. Ultimately, that will allow you to play your best.
Now he's expecting it all the time. He's pushing me harder, and I didn't think that was possible, but it is. It's all good. Cowboys defensive end David Irving on defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli's expectations
“David has really come a long way since we got them here. He's a talented guy. He's big. He's long. He's quick. He's fast. He's explosive. They have play-making ability. But what you want players like that to do is do it on a consistent basis. They certainly showed up in the game [against the Packers]. We all said the same thing to him: The good news is you showed up in the game. The bad news is you showed up in the game. So now you've established a standard for yourself. That's what we expect from you in terms of your production. That's what we want. That's what we want every day in practice. That's what we want in the games.”
Before the Packers game, Irving never had a full sack. They had never forced a fumble. They had never done much of anything to attract attention or receive more playing time.
But Irving now has a spot in the Cowboys' record book.
They tied the team mark for most forced fumbles in a game, joining DeMarcus Ware, who had three in 2005.
“It probably means more to Marinelli,” Irving said. “He was so proud, like they were going to cry. It's crazy. It's an honor. I wasn't going out there to tie a record or set a record. It was a big surprise for me, and it's awesome.”
The Cowboys signed Irving off the Kansas City Chiefs' practice squad on Sept. 29, 2015. They played in 199 defensive snaps in 12 games last season before going on injured reserve with a wrist injury.
Irving tied the team mark for most forced fumbles in a game, joining DeMarcus Ware, who had three in 2005.
They have played 97 snaps this season, becoming a bigger part of the Cowboys' defensive line rotation. The Cowboys list Irving as a backup at both defensive end, behind Tyrone Crawford, and defensive tackle, behind rookie Maliek Collins.
“I always knew I could help this team and coming out here, going against the best O-line there is and getting beat all the time and slowly getting better and better, it's a confidence builder,” Irving said. “….I'm not anywhere near where I want to be yet, but I am better than when I showed up here. It's coming along.”
Irving has a minor right ankle sprain that kept them out of practice last week. They vow to return Wednesday, ready to begin living up to the new expectations for him.
“He did just a terrific job in the game,” Marinelli said. “That's what we've seen from them at times. Now we just want to see it all the time. …If we can't get this guy to play with some consistency, they can really help us.”
SHARE COPY LINK It's been more than two decades since the Dallas Cowboys' Super Bowl glory days, but the team's brand continues to top all the rest in the NFL, and the Star still shines bright for fans around the country. Why?
Fireballs dropped from drones could give the Forest Service more control over wildfires, with less risk to firefighters.
SHOW TRANSCRIPT
The U.S. Forest Service is exploring a new tool that could help wildland firefighters do their jobs: a drone that drops tiny firebombs.
Scientists at the University of Nebraska developed the drones to start controlled burns.
SEE MORE: If It Feels Like Wildfires Are Getting Bigger, It's Because They Are
The remote drones carry a hopper of what are essentially incendiary paintballs.
"Each ball is rotated and injected with alcohol to start a chemical reaction before being dropped to the ground. Seconds later, the ball ignites," a video from the University of Nebraska explains.
The mechanical precision could be useful for firefighters setting prescribed burns in the wild.
These intentional fires consume fuel that might otherwise feed uncontrolled fires. They also help fight invasive plant species and return useful nutrients to the soil. Right now, they're set by hand or from helicopters.
The U.S. Geological Survey thinks using drones to do it could be safer — air accidents have accounted for about a quarter of firefighter deaths in the U.S. since 2000.
But there's still a lot of red tape in the way before drones can start distributing fire themselves. The U.S. Forest Service still treats them as full-size aircraft, with all the same training and maintenance requirements. And the FAA has strict rules against drones carrying "hazardous materials." Fireballs would probably qualify.
This video includes images from Getty Images and clips from Harvest Public Media, the University of Nebraska, YouTube / Dirac Twidwell, the U.S. Forest Service, California Office of Emergency Services / CC BY 3.0, Lockheed Martin, NASA and Marcus R. / CC BY 3.0. Music provided courtesy of APM Music.
For convenient access to this article, you can get to it by visiting: SorryNoCalls.com.
Dear Friend,
I know you've asked to setup a "quick call" to chat. Could be just an introductory "get to know you" call, or maybe we were recently introduced by a mutual connection. Or maybe you just want to "pick my brain". Or talk about your project/company/conference/.
Sorry, but I don't take phone calls. I hate them. My aversion borders on the pathological.
You will find this surprising and abnormal (because it is), but in a given year, I'll usually have < 15 non-personal phone calls. I often go weeks or months without a single call (joy! bliss!) When I do have them, I have to emotionally prepare myself. And, just so you know, I have a tough time with personal calls too, much to the disappointment of my parents.
Hence, this article, which you can find at SorryNoCalls.com (domain setup to make it easy to reference. I might even print it on my business cards some day).
Why I Dislike Phone Calls So Much
Here are the reasons why I hate phone calls so much. The images shown below are from an absolutely fantastic comic titled “10 Reasons To Avoid Talking On The Phone” by Matthew Inman of The Oatmeal.
1. I don't like synchronous communications.
A phone calls is a synchronous conversation. It breaks up my day and interrupts my flow. That's why I much prefer email, which I can “batch up” and do all at once, at my leisure and on my schedule. Handling things asynchronously also allows me to be more thoughtful about my response and match my degree of response to the importance of the situation. On a phone call, it seems rude to go into a long, detailed diatribe (even though the situation seemingly warrants it), because the other party doesn't have an easy way to “fast forward” (or skip). With email, I can write up my thoughts, get into detail if I want, with the knowledge that if the other person's not as interested as I thought, they can just move on.
2. I hate making small talk.
Even when it's in person, small talk is difficult. On the phone, it's even harder.
Now, some of you will argue: "It's OK -- you don't have to make small talk, most people are just fine if you jump right into it." Yes, it probably IS OK -- for you. But, I seem psychologically incapable of this level of emotional confidence.
I'm an introvert. Not somewhat of an introvert. A complete introvert. And from what I've heard, it's not uncommon for introverts to not like small talk. I'm not sure exactly why that is for other introverts, but for me it's because it feels fake and I can't figure out what the right level of small talk is to be polite. I constantly feel awkward when I'm engaging in small talk, because I'm constantly trying to figure out in the back of my head, when it's OK to move into the “real” conversation.
3. I have a really hard time saying “no”.
I have a serious problem. I'm pathologically non-confrontational. I have a really, really hard time pushing back and saying "no". And for reasons I don't fully understand, it's at its worst when I'm on the phone. Maybe it's because of the expectation of immediate answers and I have a deep fear of those awkward moments of silence on the phone. I don't know. Whatever it is, I know I have a problem.
4. I'm pathologically polite, and just can't get the timing right.
When on a phone call, it feels like I'm always doing this delicate dance between trying to make sure there's not the dreaded period of silence that lasts too long — and the equally dreadful experience of inadvertently interrupting someone. I do this particular dance very poorly, know I do it poorly, and as such am self-conscious about it, and so end up doing it even more poorly. Vicious cycle.
5. I'm absolutely terrible at ending a call.
So, to summarize my "sorry no calls". It's not you — it's me. I know you're probably not trying to sell me something. You're probably really good at having a normal phone conversation (like most people), so you think I'm exaggerating how I feel. Trust me, I'm not.
Please accept my apologies for having this strange eccentricity.
And, a word of thanks to my friends, family and colleagues. They've learned to accept this weakness of mine and don't take it to heart. I'm also thankful for the modest success I've had so far whereby I can design my life and circumstances around my pecularities.
Tips if you're like me:
1. I find it much less troublesome to schedule a call than just randomly answer the phone.
2. Setup a separate phone number (using something like Google Voice) which you only give out to folks you've scheduled a call with. You can program Google Voice to show the dialed number as caller ID (instead of the person calling).
3. To avoid the awkwardness around small-talk, try to outline what the topic of the conversation is going to be. It makes you feel less guilty for transitioning into the purpose of the call.
4. Use email to get your high-level thoughts communicated first, and then use a phone call to add a personal touch or to have a higher bandwidth conversation.
5. Make it a firm policy to never say yes to something on the call. Always give yourself some time to think about it. I will often tell people that I never make an important decision on the phone -- and that they should follow up and ask me over email.
6. Change the outgoing message on your voicemail letting people know that the preferred way to reach you is by email. Thankfully, this stops many telemarketers.
7. Remember that it's your life and you get to decide some things. If your work or personal life requires phone calls, that's cool. But, I think over 90% of the calls you'd normally take you are not obligated to take. We use the phone out of habit and because we think we have to.
So, what about you? Do you share my aversion for phone calls? Or, are you a smilin' dialin' phone callin' machine? What's your take?
Minor indulgences can cause major financial problems — even if you are spending money on other people's happy events. Younger Americans appear to be the most profligate.
• Millennials spend more than an average of $2,300 per year than older generations on five key items: groceries, gas, restaurants, coffee and cell phone bills
• Millennials spend $233 per month on meals versus $182 for older generations, and $161 on cell phone charges versus $135 for older Americans
• But millennials spend just $80 per month, compared to $114 for those aged 37 and up, on TV services like cable, satellite and steaming/subscription
That's according to a recent study released by personal-finance site Bankrate.com. “Millennials are falling victim to common financial vices, such as spending money in coffee shops,” the site concluded. The average millennial dines at a restaurant or buys take-out food five times per week and nearly 30% say they buy coffee at least three times per week. “Often, it's the minor, habitual expenses, such as take-out and alcohol, that wreak havoc on your budget,” the report said.
Why should more millennials be saving their money?
Millennials have bigger problems. They shoulder more student loan debt than any other generation and face house prices that are far higher than their parents did at their age in a post-recession environment of stagnant wages. Student loan debt has reached $1.3 trillion as the cost of college has soared. And spending no more than 30% of their income on rent or a mortgage, which was deemed a golden rule for decades, is now almost impossible for many young Americans.
While one-quarter of millennials and Generation X-ers lack any emergency savings, according to a separate Bankrate survey released last month, younger millennials (those aged 18 to 26) appear to have learned from the lessons of their older siblings: They have the highest propensity to have enough to cover 3 to 5 months of expenses (31%). Generation X is most likely to have some savings, but not enough to cover three months' expenses (28%).
What have other data found on spending habits?
People younger than 35 and those with higher household incomes are among above-average users of digital ordering with apps like Seamless and Grubhub, according to data released last March by Port Washington, N.Y.-based research firm NPD Group. The number of phone and internet orders for restaurants surged 18% last year to 1.9 billion. Some 50% of digital orders come at dinner time, while 35% includes parties with kids.
Restaurant food is still the No. 1 thing that Americans spend their money on, according to the Principal Financial Group's annual Financial Well Being Index, released last December. They spent 24% of their budgets on restaurant food, up from 22% two years earlier, versus 20% on groceries and 18% on entertainment. For lunch alone, Americans spend an average of $53 a week, or $2,746 a year. And that doesn't include digital subscriptions, which often exceed the cable bill.
Why should we care about young people eating out?
Younger Americans who tend to earn less and have fewer savings than their older cohorts are more financially vulnerable. Nearly half (49%) of millennials aged 18 to 36 have insufficient funds to cover the costs of a $500 emergency compared to 34% of older adults, according to the “HomeServe Biannual State of the Home Survey” released last week; Harris Poll surveyed 2,000 adults. What's more, nearly one-fifth of millennials described the state of their finances as “terrible or poor.”
But the ramifications go beyond the financial. Eating out can be bad for your health. People have less control over what goes into their meals when they order in. Americans get most of their daily sodium — more than 75% — from processed food and restaurant food, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Such foods are high in sodium, so it's difficult to reduce your daily sodium intake if you don't cook your own food, or if you eat pre-made sauces or meals.
Recent Examples on the Web
Eight octogenarians serve in the Senate, The Washington Post's Paul Kane noted last month. Sarah Binder, Washington Post, "This is what Orrin G. Hatch's retirement means for the Senate," 3 Jan. 2018
The Whelan email is symptomatic of the utter panic consuming a nomination that hangs by the thinnest of threads and the looming spectacle of out of touch octogenarians like Orin Hatch interrogating Dr. Ford. Zack Beauchamp, Vox, "Ed Whelan's tweets have created a second Kavanaugh scandal," 21 Sep. 2018
And there's an annoying surplus of youthful energy, from the CU-Boulder students to the octogenarians who pass you on the bike path. Melanie D.g. Kaplan, chicagotribune.com, "Boulder, Colorado, does things its own way," 12 July 2018
In the Senate's first century there were shorter life spans and fewer career lawmakers, which also made octogenarians rare in the body's second century. Sarah Binder, Washington Post, "This is what Orrin G. Hatch's retirement means for the Senate," 3 Jan. 2018
That being said, shout-out to any infants or octogenarians who make burpees part of their daily routine. 2. Clay Skipper, GQ, "The 5 Best Exercises at the Gym, According to Personal Trainers," 29 June 2018
There were octogenarians with bad hips, short people who couldn't see a thing, etc. Amy Dickinson, Detroit Free Press, "Hopeful father tries to undo years of exclusion," 30 May 2018
The kids have wonderful memories of Leucadia and the rambling ranch house, still charming but somewhat decrepit with octogenarians as caregivers. Shelby Grad, latimes.com, "Essential California: Who will be L.A.'s next police chief?," 9 May 2018
Wind Cave Trail The Wind Cave Trail at Usery Mountain Regional Park is a hike that toddlers to octogenarians can enjoy. Sonja Haller, azcentral, "Ultimate Arizona bucket list: 25 things to do in Mesa," 18 Feb. 2015
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'octogenarian.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ) (C) joins Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) (R) and other members of the Republican leadership to make comments on military authorization legislation to reporters after the weekly Senate Republican caucus luncheon at the U.S. Capitol in Washington June 16, 2015. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to ban the use of torture, a landmark vote intended to bar any further use of “enhanced interrogation techniques” on detainees and put into law an executive order President Barack Obama signed in 2009.
The Senate voted 78-21 for the amendment to the National Defense Authorization bill offered by Republican Senator John McCain and Democrat Dianne Feinstein.
Some 32 Republicans joined every member of the Democratic caucus to back the legislation. All 21 no votes were from Republicans.
“This amendment provides greater assurances that never again will the United States follow that dark path of sacrificing our values for our short-term security needs,” said McCain, who was tortured in the 1960s as a prisoner of war in Vietnam and has worked for years to end the practice.
Feinstein led a years-long Senate Intelligence Committee investigation of the CIA's use of waterboarding, rectal feeding and other brutal techniques on foreign terrorism suspects in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
That report was released six months ago, after a bitter fight between Feinstein and other Democrats and Republicans who accused Democrats of pursuing the issue because the interrogations in question had taken place under Republican President George W. Bush.
The amendment will not become law until the defense bill passes both the Senate and House of Representatives, and the House would have to back the measure. If it passes, it would make it much more difficult for a future president to reinstate the use of the degrading methods.
The amendment restricts interrogation techniques for all U.S. entities to what is included in the U.S. Army Field Manual and requires access for the International Community of the Red Cross to detainees in U.S. government custody.
Miniaturization is one of the most world-shaking trends of the last several decades. Computer chips now have features measured in billionths of a meter. Sensors that once weighed kilograms fit inside your smartphone. But it doesn't end there.
Researchers are aiming to take sensors smaller—much smaller.
In a new University of Stuttgart paper published in Nature Photonics, scientists describe tiny 3D printed lenses and show how they can take super sharp images. Each lens is 120 millionths of a meter in diameter—roughly the size of a grain of table salt—and because they're 3D printed in one piece, complexity is no barrier. Any lens configuration that can be designed on a computer can be printed and used.
This allows for a variety of designs to be tested to achieve the finest quality images.
According to the paper, the new method not only demonstrates high-quality micro-lenses can be 3D printed, but it also solves roadblocks to current manufacturing methods. These include limitations on how small you can go, failure to combine multiple elements, surface design restrictions, and alignment difficulties.
The lenses—which included single, double, and triple optical elements—were printed on strands of optical fiber and standard digital sensors like those used in cameras. The researchers believe future applications include less invasive endoscopic medical imaging of the body—even injection into the brain—and nearly invisible camera sensors on miniature drones or robots.
“This will lead to a plethora of novel devices with tremendous impact on biotechnology, medical engineering, and safety/security monitoring,” they wrote.
Perhaps the most interesting aspect of the research, however, is that the lenses don't require custom multi-million-dollar lab equipment—rather, they were made on a commercially available Nanoscribe laser lithography 3D printer.
The printer sends ultra-fast laser pulses into a photosensitive resin, hardening it layer by layer into the finished product. A few years ago, Nanoscribe showed off the printer's ability by recording it in real time as it rapidly built a 3D model of a spaceship the size of a human hair.
Where to next? The researchers suggest adding anti-reflective coatings to further improve images and additional layers of material to make smoother surfaces. The use of other materials may allow for zoom lenses and lenses with an adjustable focus.
The paper doesn't talk cost or large-scale manufacturing methods—it may be too early to speculate—but the broader view here is that 3D printing on the microscale is beginning to yield practical technologies, not just cool models of a spaceship or the Empire State Building.
Other fascinating future uses may include the creation of new supermaterials by designing and printing microscale architecture. In one case, for example, scientists used a 3D printer to print miniature structures with trusses reminiscent of Greek or Roman columns. The material proved to be lighter than water and stronger than steel.
But perhaps most mind-bending of all is considering what happens when sensors, antennas, and even computing equipment can be combined into information gathering devices on the microscale. This is a concept known as “smart dust,” and it's been kicked around in science fiction and research communities for awhile.
Simply put, smart dust is what will happen if miniaturization continues on its current trajectory—the point at which devices can be scattered to the winds in the millions, billions, or even trillions to measure the world in breathtaking detail. Big data and the Internet of Things gone wild.
It isn't hard to imagine the amazing and terrifying implications.
Of course, micro-lenses are a simple component, and we aren't likely to see true smart dust for awhile yet. But there are projects pushing in that direction. And in an indication of where things sit, Gartner does include smart dust on its annual hype cycle list of emerging technologies—albeit at its most speculative spot.
Whatever the future may hold, rest assured, this is only the beginning.
Image credit: Shutterstock
It's tempting, if you're not a fan of grown men grappling, to dismiss last night's announcement of WWE's new digital streaming network. Don't. Because it's our best glimpse yet at what the future of television should look like.
Advertisement
To try to get across just how big—and how good—a deal the WWE Network is, here's a brief description of it denuded of the word "wrestling." In its place, swap in anything you love; sports, genres, individual channels, animals that think they're people. Your niche.
Here's a streaming network that offers a 30 year back catalog of [THING YOU LOVE]. Add in free access to live [THING YOU LOVE] events that normally cost in the neighborhood of $45 a pop and happen roughly once a month. On top of that, toss in some goofy original content about [THING YOU LOVE], every reality show format you can think of, reframed to specifically target [THING YOU LOVE] in a way that feels like a fever dream of access and delight. You can access this network on nearly any device that you own, perpetually just a few clicks away from [THING YOU LOVE] streaming in 720p.
And it costs ten bucks a month.
For the right person—the person the WWE network is targeting—that's insane. For the rest of us, it's a clear-eyed look at what an la carte television utopia could be.
Advertisement
Paying for only the content you actually want to watch is the platonic ideal of television's future, but it ain't happening any time soon. The cable companies are too entrenched, the content deals too lucrative. Somehow, though—figure-four leglock?—WWE has bucked the system.
And it's not just that WWE has done it, it's how. One of the biggest a la carte television concerns is pricing; even if Disney were to spin off ESPN (they won't, but hypotheticals are fun!) it would cost you, conservatively, at least $20 a month. HBO Go (also not happening any time soon) would be even more. And WWE, frankly, would have been justified in offering its network at similarly sky-high pricing given its inclusion of pay per view streaming.
Advertisement
But it didn't. It went cheap, just slightly more than Netflix and Hulu Plus, for content whose MSRP is arguably significantly higher—though with much narrower focus—than what's offered on those. Again, think about what you'd rather pay for: Netflix and its vast but unpredictable movie library and unproven original series? Or the entirety of [THING YOU LOVE]?
Here's an even better idea. Cobble together Netflix, Hulu Plus, and a couple of [THINGS YOU LOVE]. Throw in an antenna for HD broadcast networks, and amortize the cost over its lifetime. Congrats! You've got more content, highly targeted to your interests, for less than $40 a month.
And—not that this is something that you should worry about—it's going to work for WWE, too. By requiring six-month commitments from its customers, it prevents hit-and-run subscriptions targeted at ultra-cheap pay per view access. By producing a bunch of cheap reality shows, it gets to squeeze every last ounce of brand equity out of its stars aging, present, and future. And if even a million people sign up—WrestleMania brought in that many on its own last April—that's an extra $10 million of revenue every single month in Vince McMahon's pocket. That's more than a 20 percent lift. This is going to work.
Advertisement
Yes, we're a long, long way off from other [THINGS YOU LOVE] following suit. But how long before we see a Crunchyroll competitor do this for anime? How long before the UFC starts including its pay per view events in its own streaming service? How long before there are enough options at the TV buffet that you can finally cut the cord in good conscience?
The WWE might not be your cup of tea. That's fine. But what it's done with the WWE Network is light the path for other digital networks, other streaming solutions that aren't tethered to a bulky plan, that don't come laden with dozens of channels you couldn't care less about. And what comes next could very well be just the [THING YOU LOVE] you were waiting for.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
GIF via wrestlingwithtext
