If it was the intent of the West to bring Russia and China together - one a natural resource (if "somewhat" corrupt) superpower and the other a fixed capital / labor output (if "somewhat" capital misallocating and credit bubbleicious) powerhouse - in the process marginalizing the dollar and encouraging Ruble and Renminbi bilateral trade, then things are surely "going according to plan."
For now there have been no major developments as a result of the shift in the geopolitical axis that has seen global US influence, away from the Group of 7 (most insolvent nations) of course, decline precipitously in the aftermath of the bungled Syrian intervention attempt and the bloodless Russian annexation of Crimea, but that will soon change. Because while the west is focused on day-to-day developments in Ukraine, and how to halt Russian expansion through appeasement (hardly a winning tactic as events in the 1930s demonstrated), Russia is once again thinking 3 steps ahead... and quite a few steps east.
While Europe is furiously scrambling to find alternative sources of energy should Gazprom pull the plug on natgas exports to Germany and Europe (the imminent surge in Ukraine gas prices by 40% is probably the best indication of what the outcome would be), Russia is preparing the announcement of the "Holy Grail" energy deal with none other than China, a move which would send geopolitical shockwaves around the world and bind the two nations in a commodity-backed axis. One which, as some especially on these pages, have suggested would lay the groundwork for a new joint, commodity-backed reserve currency that bypasses the dollar, something which Russia implied moments ago when its finance minister Siluanov said that Russia may refrain from foreign borrowing this year. Translated: bypass western purchases of Russian debt, funded by Chinese purchases of US Treasurys, and go straight to the source.
Here is what will likely happen next, as explained by Reuters:
Igor Sechin gathered media in Tokyo the next day to warn Western governments that more sanctions over Moscow's seizure of the Black Sea peninsula from Ukraine would be counter-productive. The underlying message from the head of Russia's biggest oil company, Rosneft, was clear: If Europe and the United States isolate Russia, Moscow will look East for new business, energy deals, military contracts and political alliances. The Holy Grail for Moscow is a natural gas supply deal with China that is apparently now close after years of negotiations. If it can be signed when Putin visits China in May, they will be able to hold it up to show that global power has shifted eastwards and they do not need the West.
More details on the revelation of said "Holy Grail":
State-owned Russian gas firm Gazprom hopes to pump 38 billion cubic meters (bcm) of natural gas per year to China from 2018 via the first pipeline between the world's largest producer of conventional gas to the largest consumer. "May is in our plans," a Gazprom spokesperson said, when asked about the timing of an agreement. A company source said: "It would be logical to expect the deal during Putin's visit to China."
Summarizing what should be and is painfully obvious to all, but apparently to the White House, which keeps prodding at Russia, is the following:
"The worse Russia's relations are with the West, the closer Russia will want to be to China. If China supports you, no one can say you're isolated," said Vasily Kashin, a China expert at the Analysis of Strategies and Technologies (CAST) think thank.
Bingo. And now add bilateral trade denominated in either Rubles or Renminbi (or gold), add Iran, Iraq, India, and soon the Saudis (China's largest foreign source of crude, whose crown prince also happened to meet president Xi Jinping last week to expand trade further) and wave goodbye to the petrodollar.
As reported previoisly, China has already implicitly backed Putin without risking it relations with the West. "Last Saturday China abstained in a U.N. Security Council vote on a draft resolution declaring invalid the referendum in which Crimea went on to back union with Russia. Although China is nervous about referendums in restive regions of other countries which might serve as a precedent for Tibet and Taiwan, it has refused to criticize Moscow. The support of Beijing is vital for Putin. Not only is China a fellow permanent member of the U.N. Security Council with whom Russia thinks alike, it is also the world's second biggest economy and it opposes the spread of Western-style democracy."
This culminated yesterday, when as we reported last night, Putin thanked China for its "understanding over Ukraine." China hasn't exactly kept its feelings about closer relations with Russia under wraps either:
Chinese President Xi Jinping showed how much they value ties with Moscow, and Putin in particular, by making Russia their first foreign visit as China's leader last year and attending the opening of the Winter Olympics in Sochi last month. Many Western leaders did not go to the Games after criticism of Russia's record on human rights. By contrast, when Putin and Xi discussed Ukraine by telephone on March 4, the Kremlin said their positions were "close".
The punchline: "A strong alliance would suit both countries as a counterbalance to the United States." An alliance that would merely be an extension of current trends in close bilateral relations, including not only infrastructure investment but also military supplies:
However, China overtook Germany as Russia's biggest buyer of crude oil this year thanks to Rosneft securing deals to boost eastward oil supplies via the East Siberia-Pacific Ocean pipeline and another crossing Kazakhstan. If Russia is isolated by a new round of Western sanctions - those so far affect only a few officials' assets abroad and have not been aimed at companies - Russia and China could also step up cooperation in areas apart from energy. CAST's Kashin said the prospects of Russia delivering Sukhoi SU-35 fighter jets to China, which has been under discussion since 2010, would grow. China is very interested in investing in infrastructure, energy and commodities in Russia, and a decline in business with the West could force Moscow to drop some of its reservations about Chinese investment in strategic industries. "With Western sanctions, the atmosphere could change quickly in favor of China," said Brian Zimbler Managing Partner of Morgan Lewis international law firm's Moscow office. Russia-China trade turnover grew by 8.2 percent in 2013 to $8.1 billion but Russia was still only China's seventh largest export partner in 2013, and was not in the top 10 countries for imported goods. The EU is Russia's biggest trade partner, accounting for almost half of all its trade turnover.
And as if pushing Russia into the warm embrace of the world's most populous nation was not enough, there is also the second most populated country in the world, India.
Putin did take time, however, to thank one other country apart from China for its understanding over Ukraine and Crimea - saying India had shown "restraint and objectivity". They also called Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to discuss the crisis on Tuesday, suggesting there is room for Russia's ties with traditionally non-aligned India to flourish. Although India has become the largest export market for U.S. arms, Russia remains a key defense supplier and relations are friendly, even if lacking a strong business and trade dimension, due to a strategic partnership dating to the Soviet era. Putin's moves to assert Russian control over Crimea were seen very favorably in the Indian establishment, N. Ram, publisher of The Hindu newspaper, told Reuters. "Russia has legitimate interests," they added.
To summarize: while the biggest geopolitical tectonic shift since the cold war accelerates with the inevitable firming of the "Asian axis", the west monetizes its debt, revels in the paper wealth created from an all-time high manipulated stock market while at the same time trying to explain why 6.5% unemployment is really indicative of a weak economy, blames the weather for every disappointing economic data point, and every single person is transfixed with finding a missing airplane.
So you have an unused Raspberry Pi lying around and you don't know what to do with it. You're not alone, even if there are hundreds of projects at the ready.
You can turn it into a Minecraft machine, a music streamer for your living room, an Alexa speaker and many other things. But one of the coolest (and simplest) things you can do with your Raspberry Pi is turned it into a wall display that shows the weather, time and date, your calendar and the most recent entries from your favorite RSS feed.
Here is how to turn a Raspberry Pi into a wall display.
Editors' note, Aug. 14, 2018: Originally published July 2, 2017, this article has since been updated to include new DAKboard features and an open-source alternative to DAKboard, MagicMirror.
What you will need
Taylor Martin/CNET
Which Raspberry Pi model you use doesn't matter too much, but certain models will make your life easier.
For instance, a Raspberry Pi 3 Model B has a higher power requirement (2.5A) and, thus, necessitates a specific power brick. It will definitely still work, but a Raspberry Pi 2 Model B ( ) only requires 1.8A, and the Raspberry Pi Zero W requires 1.2A. These two models will work with modern, slim USB chargers, which often supply up to 2.4A. However, if you opt for the Raspberry Pi 2, you will also need to run an Ethernet cable to the board or opt for a WAN adapter.
The ideal board for the job is the Raspberry Pi Zero W, because it's extremely small and lightweight and it has Wi-Fi built in. Best of all, it's an affordable $10 (from about £9.30 or AU$14.96) for the board. To set up and connect the Raspberry Pi, you will need a short HDMI cable and a microSD card of at least 8GB.
Aside from the Raspberry Pi, you will only need a few other things to have this up and running in minutes.
The most important thing you need is an old monitor -- preferably a slim model with HDMI. Some computer monitors will work better than others. Specifically, those that have the connection ports facing downward instead of straight out from the back work much better.
Now playing: Watch this: Google to ban cryptocurrency ads, and a new Raspberry...
You will also need an extension cable with at least two plugs at the end. Take note of whether your monitor's power supply needs a two- or three-pronged plug and buy the appropriate extension cord.
Finally, you will need supplies to mount the Raspberry Pi, the monitor's power supply, all the cables and the female end of the extension cord on the back of the monitor. I used two-sided mounting tape. And I used duct tape to keep the excess cord attached as tightly to the back of the monitor as possible.
The easiest way to hang the monitor with everything attached to the back is picture-hanging wire.
Connect all the hardware
Taylor Martin/CNET
Start by removing the back cover and the stand from the monitor.
Typically, there isn't enough room to install a Raspberry Pi inside the original backplate -- unless you're using a Pi Zero W. Even then, the excess cords and the power supply for the monitor won't fit. The monitor will sit closer to the wall without the back cover, so it's best to discard it.
Connect the Raspberry Pi to the HDMI port on the monitor and -- without plugging in the extension cord -- connect the power cables to both the Raspberry Pi and the monitor. Use this to figure out the best layout of all the parts to keep everything as slim as possible.
Once you have a chosen layout, begin fastening the parts to the rear of the monitor.
As for the picture-hanging wire, there were no decent places to connect on the Dell monitor I used, so I drilled one hole on either side of the rear bezel that held the back cover on. This is where you might have to get creative, since no two monitors are the same.
Install Raspbian on the Raspberry Pi
Surprisingly, this project doesn't require any special code for the Raspberry Pi. In fact, it will be running on Raspbian OS, a Linux distribution specifically for the Raspberry Pi.
Follow our guides to install Raspbian on the Raspberry Pi either with or without NOOBS.
After you've installed Raspbian OS, boot the Raspberry Pi and connect it to your wireless network.
Now playing: Watch this: Beat the summer heat with this DIY air conditioner
Configure DAKboard
DAKboard is the web interface used to display all the information on the monitor. It can be set up from the Raspberry Pi or from a computer, phone or tablet.
Just go to dakboard.com and create an account. Then begin configuring the layout to your liking. There are five different screen configurations to choose from:
Top/Bottom
Left/Right
Mobile/Tablet
Big Calendar
Big Time
Next, you must configure DAKboard to suit your needs. For instance, start by choosing your time zone, selecting either an analog or a digital clock. Select a date-and-time format.
For background options, you can choose between a host of different sources, such as Instagram, Apple Photos, Google Photos, Dropbox, OneDrive, Bing, Flickr, etc. After that, you can connect up to two ICAL calendars for free, select between Yahoo and AccuWeather for the forecast source, add a single RSS feed for rotating headlines, and connect Todoist, Wunderlist or Microsoft To-Do as a task manager to display and add a custom message to the DAKboard.
By upgrading to DAKboard Premium, which starts at $4.95 per month (no specific info about international pricing and availability), you can unlock the ability to add additional calendars, set a Vimeo, YouTube video or website as the background, select Dark Sky as the weather source, add thermostat integration, get stock quotes and add additional RSS feeds to your display.
Save your changes when you're satisfied with the DAKboard layout.
Set up the Raspberry Pi to boot to DAKboard
Taylor Martin/CNET
The idea is that, when powered on, the Raspberry Pi will automatically boot to your DAKboard. If you want to hang the monitor vertically instead of horizontally, you will also need to rotate the display.
First, power on the Raspberry Pi, open Terminal and type in sudo raspi-config. Once in the configuration tool:
Go to Boot Options > Desktop Autologin Desktop GUI and press Enter .
and press . Go to Interfacing Options > SSH > Yes and press Enter .
and press . Go to Localisation Options and set your correct time zone and keyboard layout.
When asked if you want to reboot the Raspberry Pi, select No.
While still in Terminal, type sudo apt-get install unclutter and press Enter. This will hide the cursor when not in use.
Next, you will want to edit the config.txt file to rotate the screen 90 degrees. In Terminal, type sudo nano /boot/config.txt and press Enter. This opens the config file in the nano text editor. Add these lines to the end of the file (without the bullet points):
# Display orientation. Landscape = 0, Portrait = 1
display_rotate=1
#Use 24 bit colors
framebuffer_depth=24
To save the changes, press Ctrl + O, then press Enter. To exit nano, press Ctrl + X.
Finally, to force the screen to stay on and automatically boot with dakboard.com loaded in Chromium, type sudo nano ~/.config/lxsession/LXDE-pi/autostart and press Enter. Inside nano, add these four lines (without the bullet points):
@xset s off
@xset -dpms
@xest s noblank
@chromium-browser --noerrdialogs --incognito --kiosk http://dakboard.com/app
Press Ctrl + O and Enter to save the changes, and press Ctrl + X to exit nano. Type sudo reboot and press Enter to restart the Raspberry Pi.
Run DAKboard
Once the Raspberry Pi has fully rebooted, use a connected mouse and keyboard to log in to DAKboard. Click Login and enter your credentials. Your DAKboard should load with your previously configured settings. If you want to change anything, click the settings cog in the upper right corner of the display (move the cursor to make it appear).
Hang the monitor on the wall and you'll have yourself a digital clock and calendar, the week's forecast, important headlines and beautiful pictures on display all day.
If you preferred the monitor to turn on and off at different times to save power, DAKboard includes instructions on how to set that up with a script.
A DAKboard alternative
DAKboard is a great way to set up a Raspberry Pi display in a hurry. It's easy and user-friendly and it looks great. However, it has its limitations and encourages users to upgrade to Premium to unlock the best features.
That's why MagicMirror is a fantastic alternative for those willing to get their hands dirty and spend a little more time and effort setting it up. MagicMirror is open-source and entirely free. It's also installed with a single command and you can install modules for clock, calendar, weather, news, alerts and tons of third-party modules that include smart home integrations. You can even make your own modules if you're so inclined.
Now that you've got your Raspberry Pi display made, maybe you can build a gallery wall around it.
Or consider these 9 easy ways to upgrade your kitchen for cheap.
In the immortal words of Shakespeare, "What's in a name? Would that which we call Illmatic, by any other name, sound as dope?"
That's a direct quote, look it up, and Shakespeare raises an interesting question. Just how much do names matter?
A lot. Names matter a whole damn lot. To keep using Nas as an example, do you think that if they had decided to call their debut album Sremm Life instead of Illmatic we'd be talking about it today? No, you see a title like Illmatic and you think to yourself, goddamn, whoever came up with that title obviously has a way with words, I bet the album is dope. You see a title like Sremm Life and you think, what the fuck's a Sremm?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It's odd then that some rappers, even the best rappers, are so bad at naming their own albums while others seem fully capable of carrying over their emcee skills to their titles. Once the world thought that Kanye was going to stick with WAVES as an album title, I thought it'd be the perfect time to review some of hip-hop's best and worst album titles. The crucial thing to remember here is to separate the music on the album from the title itself. There are classic albums with bad titles, and trash albums with great titles, the two overlap but aren't necessarily one in the same.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
And with that in mind, let's review the album title abilities of some of hip-hop's biggest names, because this is really what you should be spending your day thinking about.
Kanye West
SPECIAL UPDATE:
Once Kanye announced the official title for their upcoming album (again) to The Life of Pablo I immediately got requests to update this piece, and who am I to deny the will of the people? It's going to take some time to truly come to grips with TLOP, most prominently we don't know how well the title reflects and encapsulates the music, but we can make some immediate snap judgments.
First, this will likely fade with the passage of time, but right now it's impossible to think of TLOP without thinking of all the names that came before it - circumstances matter. Let's say you're named Pablo, and your parents told you that they named you Pablo because it felt strong and as soon as they heard it they knew it was the right name for their son. Now let's say you're named Pablo and your parents told you that actually they had picked out three other names but when you were born they kind of panicked and started doubting their previous choices and went with Pablo because at the time it seemed like the least-worst option. See, same name, totally different feeling.
Second, out of all of Kanye's album titles so far it's the most immediately confusing. Obviously the College trilogy followed an easy-to-follow storyline, 808s was about heartbreak, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was exactly that and Yeezus was meant to shock. But The Life of Pablo? What did you say??? Who's Pablo? Pablo Picasso? Pablo Escobar? Famed Argentinian field hockey player Pablo Lombi? It could have actually been a dope idea for Kanye to make an album that followed the life of a fictional character, Pablo as some sort of everyman traveler seeking adventure and enlightenment, but we know that's not the case. The Life of Pablo isn't the title of a concept album, it's a title that suggests concept that got attached to the album after the fact like a whale barnacle.
Again, I reserve the right to update this again if by some miracle I hear the album and that title makes perfect, brilliant sense, but in the spirit of this article, based only on the title as a title in-and-of-itself, it's Kanye's worst album title yet. And yet if there's any good news here it's that it's still better than SWISH or WAVES - can you even in your life imagine if the real, actual, final title of this album was SWISH? The Life of Pablo feels misguided, but SWISH would have been a Chernobyl of an album title. So at least we've got that going for us, which is nice.
And now, back to the original article....
--------------------------
Kanye doesn't need any more accolades, but he's inarguably one of the greatest album titlers of all-time. The College Dropout to Late Registration to Graduation trilogy was perfect, establishing a theme that paralleled their trajectory through music, and even better, they let go of that theme before it started feeling too forced. Another college-themed title past Graduation would have been like those wack couple seasons of Saved By The Bell: The College Years when the show was making too much money to stop, but it didn't make any sense for the characters to still be in school when everyone in the cast looked like they were 25-years-old.
Regardless of what you thought about 808's and Heartbreak as a musical project, they nailed that title too, it described both the sound and concept of the album perfectly. Watch the Throne? What better title could there be for a Jay-Z and Kanye collab album? And then Yeezus was at the very least solid. To use a quote from the Watch the Throne days, nobody knows what it meant, but it was provocative. And then...
Oh no. Oh no no no no no. On the plus side WAVES is better than SWISH, but that's like saying that being punched in the stomach is better than being kicked in the balls, and both are far worse than the album's original name, So Help Me God. Only time will tell if WAVES' music matches the name, but it almost doesn't matter since it's a word that's been used so many times by so many other people it's almost cliche now - Free Max B. When you get sucked into a petty fight with Wiz Khalifa over an album title, it's not a great album title. It was a legendary album-title streak for Mr. West, but it's over. Still, on the whole I'm perfectly willing to call Kanye one of the greatest.
Jay-Z
Now that I'm looking at Hova's complete discography, for a guy who's the most successful rapper of all-time, their album title skills are highly questionable. They came out of the gate strong with Reasonable Doubt, and then the following trilogy was solid, although they lowkey fucked it up because they couldn't decide on a consistent format. It was In My Lifetime, Vol. 1, followed by Vol. 2...Hard Knock Life and Vol. 3...Life & Times of S. Carter. According to the format they set up with the first album, they all should have been formatted like In My Lifetime, otherwise they're not volumes at all, they're completely separate things. And what's with the ellipses? Now that I really think about it, the copyeditor in me now hates all these album titles with a passion.
The Dynasty: Roc La Familia? Eh, it's fine, a little too "the whole Mafia thing is really popular in hip-hop right now" though. The KRS-One-inspired The Blueprint was fire flames, they were laying down the blueprint for how to find success in modern rap (get it?!?!) and then at least they learned their lesson from the volume album-titling fiasco and formatted The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse correctly. And considering the circumstances of their retirement, The Black Album was their single best album title next to Reasonable Doubt. What a way to go out.
Wait, what's that? They didn't retire and instead dropped Kingdom Come - terrible album with a terrible name, can't be a coincidence - then kind of panicked and reached back to the Blueprint thing even though he'd dropped three albums in between Blueprint 2 and 3, and then dug themselves an even deeper hole with Magna Carta Holy Grail. The only way they could tarnish their album-titling legacy worse would be if their next album is title Magna Carta Holy Grail....Vol. 2...The Blueprint 4.
Biggie
The problem with every conversation we have about Biggie is the small sample size. They only released one album in their lifetime, with the second released shortly after their death - which is exactly why Ready to Die and Life After Death are so incredible as titles. Given the circumstances of their murder, the near prophecy of the titles, I'm actually willing to call these the best album titles in hip-hop history. If they had lived to drop another eight albums there's a solid chance we would have ended up in Jay-Z territory with Life After Death Vol. 4...The Life & Times of Christopher Wallace, but that's pure speculation. Credit where credit's due, Biggie was a GOAT-level album titler.
Tupac
According to Hip-Hop Law 48, subsection B, I'm legally required to write about Tupac immediately after I write about Biggie, and vice-versa, so let's get into it. Looking over Pac's disography - not the posthumous albums of course - what really strikes me is that unlike everyone I've mentioned so far, there's no real theme or style running through their album titles. Each one could easily stand alone.
2Pacalypse Now
Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z...
Me Against the World
All Eyez on Me
I feel like 2Pacalypse Now isn't really their best foot forward, it's really just a grab of a movie title, but by the time Me Against the World and All Eyez on Me rolled around he'd clearly hit their stride, especially Me Against the World. That's not just a great album title, it's essentially the motto of their entire life and career. So on the whole, when it came to album titles Pac was better than most, not as good as the best. Just calling 'em like I see 'em.
Nicki Minaj
We're not going to spend much time on Nicki, I just wanted to point out that they (basically) dropped the same album title three times in a row: Pink Friday, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded and Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up. Look out for their next album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up; Repackaged, Again (Deluxe Version).
Kendrick Lamar
Like the man himself, K. Dot's album titles are hard to get a firm grasp on. Section.80 I never quite got. Kendrick once said it meant that the music was meant for kids born in the '80s, and sure, fine, but it just doesn't hit. And then Good Kid, M.A.A.D City is a masterpiece of an album title. It doesn't just encapsulate the album's theme, it doesn't just encapsulate Kendrick's life, it describes life in much of Black America. You can do everything right, be the good kid, and still get killed just for going to see a girl if you live in a mad city.
As for To Pimp a Buttefly, thousands of words have been written about the complexity of its meaning, but how is it purely as an album title? That wasn't a rhetorical question, I'm really not sure. Jury's still out, we'll have to see how that title ages.
J. Cole
According to Hip-Hop Law 51, subsection G, anytime I write about Kendrick I have to immediately follow with something about how simultaneously incredible and under-rated Cole is or I'll face the wrath of the Coleminers, so...The Come Up and The Warm Up were a nice one-two punch, and then they continued the theme with Friday Night Lights, all three very solid titles. They tried to carry over the basketball player theme to their major label debut Cole World: Sideline Story but that title ended up being pretty forgettable. Writing this I'm realizing that anytime you have a colon involved in a title, there's a good chance it won't be that great. The best album titles don't need a second part, they know what they want to say and they just say it, that's why The Warm Up is such a better title than Cole World: Sideline Story.
But Cole has spoken about how they learned from their mistakes on Cole World and the same applies to their titles. Born Sinner is just a great title, and on paper 2014 Forest Hills Drive shouldn't really work, but it somehow really does. I have to deduct a point for Cole naming their live album Forest Hills Drive: Live instead of the obviously better Forest Hills Live (again with the colon's ruining things!). Ultimately though I have to give it up, Cole's a damn good album titler.
Drake
If I'm going to break down Kendrick and Cole, I have to mention their peer, Aubrey Graham (aka their generation's biggest superstar). On the whole, Aubrey knows what he's doing. So Far Gone is an impressive title for someone at such an early stage of their career, but Thank Me Later doesn't really work. The meaning's clever, but it just doesn't roll off the tongue, a mistake 2016 Drake would never make. Take Care is almost unbelievably soft but it worked given the album's softness, and Nothing Was the Same was just as bombastic as Thank Me Later but is far better.
When I first saw If You're Reading This It's Too Late my initial reaction was that it was a horrible title, and make no mistake that hasn't changed, it's still a bulky, awkward, mess of a title. What I didn't realize at first though was that Drake had gone next level with their titles - they were designed to inspire memes more than impress, the font was just as important as the words. And then they proved that concept again with What a Time to Be Alive, which Twitter and Instagram instantly quoted and converted into a hashtag. As for the impending Views From the 6...I'm lukewarm. Let's see what develops.
Also (Best): Nas Illmatic, N.W.A. Straight Outta Compton, Ghostface Killah Supreme Clientele, 50 Cent Get Rich or Die Trying, Dr. Dre The Chronic, Ice Cube Death Certificate.
Also (Worst): Nas Nastradamus, Chingy Powerballin, Ludacris Ludaversal, Busta Rhymes E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event): The Final World Front, Will Smith Big Willie Style, Jim Jones Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product Of My Enviornment).
[By Nathan S, the managing editor of DJBooth and a hip-hop writer. Their beard is awesome. This is their Twitter. Image via Instagram.]
Kings goalie Jonathan Quick (32) is congratulated by teammates after Game 3 of the Stanley Cup final in New York. The Kings have a 3-1 series lead over the Rangers. (Photo: Adam Hunger/USA TODAY Sports)
It was painful for the Coyotes to have their magical playoff run two years ago come to a crashing halt against the Kings, but they should probably feel just as miserable this spring.
Despite losing Game 4 of the Stanley Cup final to the Rangers, the Kings still have a 3-1 stranglehold on the series. They're on the brink of joining the Blackhawks as only the second team to win two Cups in the salary-cap era, the closest offerings to modern-day dynasties, and they'll be on the ice in the fall challenging the Coyotes in the Pacific Division.
"You have to admire what they've done and where they're at," General Manager Don Maloney said. "But that's going to make us all better. That's our direct competitor as far as I'm concerned. We have to pick up our game."
But closing the gap might take longer than most fans want.
After meeting with ownership last week, Maloney is expecting to be given a budget for player payroll in the next day or two, but it sounds like he's bracing for a conservative limit.
"I think for us we really just have to look at mix and chemistry and character and maybe sacrifice some talent and skill and look for value," they said. "We're really going to have to be patient."
Giving prized prospect Max Domi a test run could be the splashiest move by the Coyotes considering Maloney is envisioning adjustments to the roster rather than big-name additions.
But a single player — especially a rookie — wasn't the reason the Coyotes missed out on the postseason the past two years, nor should it be positioned as the solution. And yet making the playoffs isn't the only priority of the ownership group. So is keeping the fan base committed and engaged.
Maloney believes that's accomplished by winning.
"There's not one or two players that we could add that would magically take our season ticket base up to 15- or 16,000, where we know it has to be to have sustainable success," they said. "It's a work in progress as far as I'm concerned."
Overspending in free agency to acquire cachet isn't necessarily the antidote. This summer's class isn't spectacular.
Thirty-something wingers Thomas Vanek, Jussi Jokinen and Marian Gaborik are probably the most appealing, but no one could blame Maloney for wanting to stay away from their price tags.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Internal options very well might be the wisest route to improvement, but that also shouldn't act as an excuse for remaining behind the curve. Even with the addition of Domi and perhaps a few depth forwards via free agency or trade, the Coyotes still look off pace of the Kings.
Being cautious could pay off in the future. This approach has benefited Maloney more often than not. But subtle adjustments might not cut it next season.
And that's OK if management is willing to wait for another Stanley Cup run. Fans, however, seem to be fueled by the hope it can happen sooner rather than later.
"We can't look at our group now and say we're going to turn around and play in the finals," Maloney said. "Realistically, that's not a realistic expectation. But we think if we make the right decisions, we can be a playoff team next year. And once we get there, just like we saw a couple years ago, anything can happen."
Reach The Heat Index at sarah.mclellan@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8276. Follow them at twitter.com/azc_mclellan.
The mad dash of holiday shoppers will soon hit stores across the Chicago area, but if you're planning to drive to the malls on Black Friday and beyond, the state is warning drivers to think twice before misusing a disabled parking placard. Chris Coffey reports. (Published Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016)
The mad dash of holiday shoppers will soon hit stores across the Chicago area, but if you're planning to drive to the malls on Black Friday and beyond, the state is warning drivers to think twice before misusing a disabled parking placard.
Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White announced Secretary of State Police and other law enforcement agencies will conduct statewide parking stings targeting people illegally parking in spaces reserved for persons with disabilities at shopping malls beginning Friday.
“Our mission is not to issue tickets, but to ensure that accessible parking spaces are available to those who need them,” White said.
People caught misusing a placard face a six month driver's license suspension and a $600 fine. Repeat violators face a one year driver's license suspension and a $750 fine for a second offense, and for the third or subsequent offenses they face a $1,000 fine plus a one year driver's license revocation.
The state is also warning placard holders to avoid loaning placards to friends and family members. State law requires the authorized holder be present when parking.
There are currently 635,955 disability placards and 65,954 disability license plates in Illinois, according to the Secretary of State.
The parking enforcement lasts through the holiday shopping season and in to the New Year.
Evangelicals are being challenged to change their views of gays and lesbians, and the pressure isn't coming from the gay rights movement or watershed court rulings: Once silent for fear of being shunned, more gay and lesbian evangelicals are speaking out about how they've struggled to reconcile their beliefs and sexual orientation.
Students and alumni from Christian colleges have been forming gay and lesbian support groups — a development that even younger alumni say they couldn't have imagined in their own school years. Gay evangelicals have published memoirs that prod traditional Christians to re-examine how they think about gays and lesbians. Among the most recent is Jeff Chu's "Does Jesus Really Love Me? A Gay Christian's Pilgrimage in Search of God in America." Paul Southwick, a gay evangelical attorney in Oregon, has started an "It Gets Better" style video project, "On God's Campus: Voices from the Queer Underground," with testimonials from gays and lesbians at the Christian schools.
The goals of these activists and writers vary. Some argue monogamous same-sex marriages are consistent with traditional Bible views and hope to remain in conservative churches. Others agree with traditional teaching on marriage and have committed to staying celibate for life, but are speaking out because they feel demonized within their communities.
Whatever their aims, they are already having an impact.
"There are a growing number of us who grew up hearing a certain origin story about our same-sex attraction that didn't resonate with us," said Wesley Hill, 32, who teaches at a conservative Anglican seminary, Trinity School for Ministry in Pennsylvania, and wrote the book "Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality." ''We are wanting to have conversations that older generations of evangelicals haven't had or haven't wanted to have."
A February survey by the Public Religion Research Institute found seven in 10 white evangelicals overall were against gay marriage. However, younger respondents backed same-sex marriage by 51 percent. Younger Christians grew up with openly gay friends and relatives, and often found their elder's fight for traditional marriage damaging to the church, according to studies by the Barna Group's David Kinnamon, among other surveys.
Still, it is only in the last few years that gay and lesbian evangelicals have discussed their same-sex attraction so openly. It has been far more common for gays and lesbians from traditional faith groups to join liberal houses of worship or leave organized religion altogether. In a recent survey of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans by the Pew Research Center, 48 percent said they had no religious affiliation, compared with 20 percent of the general public. Of the LGBT adults with religious ties, one-third said there is a conflict between their religious beliefs and their sexual orientation.
Evangelical leaders are taking notice. After the U.S. Supreme Court last week gave federal recognition to gay marriages, several evangelicals responded not only by renewing their commitment to traditional marriage, but also by urging like-minded Christians to be more sensitive in the way they express their beliefs. For those outside conservative Christianity, this may not seem significant, but it's a notable change for Christians who believe their faith requires them to challenge same-sex relationships.
"We need to show grace and friendship to those who struggle, while holding fast to what the Scriptures teach. Without hiding our beliefs, we need to look for opportunities to have conversations, build relationships and demonstrate grace," wrote Ed Stetzer, head of the research arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, on their blog, "The Exchange."
A week earlier, the head of Exodus International, a Christian ministry that helped conflicted Christians rid themselves of unwanted same-sex attraction through counseling and prayer, apologized to the gay community for inflicting "years of undue suffering." Alan Chambers said they continue to hold "a biblical view that the original intent for sexuality was designed for heterosexual marriage." Still, they said the organization would shut down and they would instead work to promote reconciliation between people with opposing views.
In the last few years, more than 40 gay and lesbian support groups have been formed at Christian colleges, by Southwick's estimate. The 29-year-old lawyer has been reaching out to the groups as part of their video project and is also active in OneGeorgeFox, the support group founded by gay and lesbian alumni and students of their alma mater, George Fox University, a Christian school in Oregon.
They said few of the groups have been formally recognized by their schools and some meet secretly off campus. Christian colleges generally have community standards policies barring sex outside of marriage between a man and a woman. Students fear publicly identifying as gay — celibate or not — could jeopardize their futures at the schools.
"The goal is survival," Southwick said. "If you talk to any of the LGBT students at these campuses, they are in environments that are really hostile."
However, at least one prominent evangelical school, Wheaton College in Illinois, officially recognized its support group, called Refuge, four months ago. Wheaton is known as the Harvard of evangelical schools, graduating evangelist Billy Graham and other influential leaders. LaTonya Taylor, a Wheaton spokesperson, said the goal of Refuge "is for students who experience same-sex attraction to be mentored by a Christian community" within traditional biblical standards, "rather than to struggle alone in silence." Other schools, including George Fox, have responded to the groups by organizing campus discussions about the Bible and homosexuality, including speakers who support same-sex relationships.
Another sign of change: Gay evangelicals have already prompting a backlash.
The influential Pentecostal magazine Charisma ran a critical three-part series starting in May, titled "Can a Christian be Gay?" in response to the recent book "Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays vs. Christians Debate" by Justin Lee, founder of the Gay Christian Network.
Lee is gay and celibate, but encourages dialogue among evangelicals with different views. They frame the discussion as "Side A" and "Side B" Christians. "Side B" believes gays should be celibate because of a consistent Christian teaching that sex is only for marriage between a man and a woman. "Side A" Christians believe God blesses same-sex relationships because the particular Bible verses cited to condemn homosexuality do not reflect advances in knowledge about same-sex attraction.
Lee started the network as an online-only community in 2001. It has since grown to become a national organization based in Raleigh, N.C., with annual conferences that organizers say draw hundreds of people.
In their Charisma articles, evangelist Larry Tomczak wrote that they wanted to clear up confusion caused by Lee's arguments.
"An entire chapter in the Old Testament lists certain activities and calls them 'detestable,' stating in no uncertain terms, "Stay away!" The New Testament uses five terms to describe both male and female homosexual conduct: 'unnatural,' 'perverted,' 'degrading,' 'shameful' and 'indecent,'" Tomczak wrote. "Not to be facetious, but is that hard to understand?"
Tomczak said being gay is a choice — and one that dishonors God.
Inadvertently, Exodus and other ministries that have promised a gay-to-straight transformation have played a role in prompting gay and lesbian evangelicals to go public. Many gay evangelicals who unsuccessfully sought out a "cure" in the programs have emerged with profound misgivings about the way Christians approach the issue.
A 2005 graduate of George Fox University, Southwick said they were encouraged by the school to enter a two-year counseling program with a local affiliate of Exodus, which included a graduation ceremony that Southwick dismissed as "a straight diploma." They became depressed and suicidal during the program.
Lee, of the Gay Christian Network, was raised Southern Baptist believing that gays could become straight "if they trusted God and had the willingness to do so." In college, they attended Exodus conferences and sought out other similar ministries hoping to become attracted to women. It didn't work. Lee says he's always been celibate, so the ministries' focus on changing behavior wasn't helpful.
"I was focused on changing the attractions. That led me to ask a lot of tough questions about whether people's attractions were changing and I realized they were not," Lee said.
The Rev. Russell Moore, head of the public policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, cautioned against reading too much into the collapse of Exodus International or any talk of a more compassionate evangelical response to gays and lesbians.
' 'There is no change in the Christian sexual ethic, because there can't be. For us it's a matter of Gospel fidelity," Moore said.
Instead, they consider the Exodus shutdown the end of a misguided therapeutic approach that Moore argues promised a quick fix it couldn't deliver. "We like conversion stories, and we like them to be quickly resolved in two or three minutes with a happy ending, but that's not what the Christian life is like in Scripture," they said.
Still, Moore agrees religious conservatives are at least approaching the debate about homosexuality differently in what they call "a more authentic, honest conversation about sexuality."
At Fuller Theological Seminary, a leading evangelical school in Pasadena, Calif., the group OneTable formed to foster open discussion about religion and homosexuality.
Last October, Episcopal Bishop Gene Robinson, the first bishop in world Anglicanism to live openly with a same-sex partner, spoke to the students, at a screening of a movie "Love Free or Die," about the uproar that followed their 2003 election as the New Hampshire bishop.
"Everyone thought there would be some horrendous blowup. It was a wonderful evening. The questions to me were absolutely honest and thoughtful and faithful," said Robinson, who recently retired from their diocese. "A lot of people came in certain and a lot of people left confused — which is huge."
___
Follow Rachel Zoll at www.twitter.com/rzollAP
President Trump signed an executive order Friday taking aim at the regulatory labyrinth created by Dodd-Frank, the massive 24,000-page law passed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
“We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank,” Trump said, after morning meetings with business leaders.
The order directs the Treasury secretary to initiate a review and consult with regulatory agencies to identify changes to Dodd-Frank. It will not take effect immediately and awaits Senate confirmation of Trump's Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin.
Trump also signed a presidential memorandum that instructs the Labor Department to delay implementing an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments.
The rule was intended to prevent conflicts of interest by financial advisers and brokers. Opponents say it extends beyond the Labor Department's authority.
While the financial oversight order won't have any immediate impact, the administration's intent is clear.
"The Dodd-Frank Act is a disastrous policy that's hindering our markets, reducing the availability of credit and crippling our economy's ability to grow and create jobs," said Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
Trump pledged during the transition that rolling back regulations, particularly 2010 Dodd-Frank law, would be a priority of their administration.
White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn echoed the president in an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo.
Cohn argued regulations are “the biggest hindrance to job creation” and have a negative impact on banks' lending practices.
“All banks have been under such regulatory scrutiny where they've been forced to literally build capital. Instead of lending capital ... to their clients and allowing them to grow their businesses and hire people and create jobs, they've been taking those reserves and taking that capital and hording it to meet the regulatory requirements and pay for additional regulations,” they said Friday morning.
The executive order is the “beginning of some of our executive actions to roll back regulations in the financial markets,” Cohn added.
Since its passage, there has been a surge in banking mergers and acquisitions, according to data compiled by Bloomberg News.
They reported that U.S. bank mergers increased to about $18 billion in 2016, the highest recorded level since 2009.
“We appreciate the administration's support for pro-growth policies so banks can go even further in helping communities and our economy thrive,” said Rob Nichols, president of the American Bankers Association, in a statement.
“A sensible and careful review of Dodd-Frank and other financial regulations can and should strengthen those goals while unleashing the power of the banking industry — from small towns and communities to our nation's financial centers — to fuel the increase in economic prosperity that we all seek,” added Nichols.
In its regulatory rollback, the administration has a willing partner in the Republican-controlled Congress which got the ball rolling this week.
On Wednesday, the House voted 235-187 to repeal a controversial Dodd-Frank requirement that publicly traded companies disclose confidential information related to the negotiation of business contracts.
The rule was vacated in 2013 by a federal judge on the grounds it was too arbitrary.
The SEC re-issued the rule last summer. But in an early morning Friday session, the Senate voted 52-47 to OK the House-approved measure, which President Trump is expected to sign.
Describing it as an “anti-corruption rule,” Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-OH, maintained repealing the regulation makes it easier for companies to hide their dealings with foreign governments, like Russia and China.
A source close to House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling told Fox News the Texas Republican plans to reintroduce the Financial Choice Act in the coming weeks. The legislation is the only measure to date that proposes to repeal and replace Dodd-Frank.
The bill would repeal the authority of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), which was intended to help rescue failing large firms without relying on government bailouts. It also would replace the head of the controversial Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with a five-member panel and establish an office of inspector general.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
“The Stories and Legends of Honduras” is a Honduran tradition still alive today, and being continued from generation to generation. It began on September 9, 1974 as a radio show reading from a novel narrated at a local radio station. Jorge Montenegro, the man that began the project has a very strong, tremendously foreboding voice, which along with the scary stories they were recounting, would frighten anybody listening.
The stories are mostly horror stories that some Hondurans claimed to have experienced at some point in their life, with elements of some mythical characters of the Honduran culture, like LA SUCIA, EL CADEJO, EL DUENDE among others.
Narrator Montenegro created all the crazy disturbing sound effects with their mouth. It became very famous, the radio show that Honduras secretly like the most. Mr Montenegro says the idea of ​​having rural stories was actually their mother's. When they were young their mother used to tell them such stories to stop them from going out or getting into dangerous situations.
This radio show really had big impact on my childhood. I remember when I was a child, I used to live at my grandmother's, they lived in the mountains North of Comayagua. Where they lived was only their house surrounded by miles and miles of wild forest, large expansive coffee plantations, cornfields etc. We would all “have a reservation” at 7:oo pm to huddle together around a small radio and listen to scary show. Often our entire family would get together, my aunts and uncles, my cousins, ​​all of us sitting quietly, frightened, paying close attention to the story on air.
There was one story in particular that struck me deeply, that I have never forgotten. That one most scary night of my childhood, the show went like this:
There was a very poor man, who had many problems. And one day the Devil themselves came to them and offered the man a special deal to solve all their problems, and make them rich … but in return, later in their life the Devil would return for the man's soul. The desperate man was very excited and accepted the deal. Overnight this man came into money, and luxuries, and had no more problems that money could not solve. Well, time went by, many years passed, and it was finally time to give their soul to the Devil but the man refused to fulfill this part of the deal. At the end of the story, it was told that the man's treasures were kept in a chest, and that the chest was lost and also contained the man's head. The narrator said with with their strong voice that the chest containing the treasure with the head was somewhere in Honduras, and every person should be very careful not to find it for it would curse the soul of the person who found it.
Listen to the original store here:
My uncles used to work in the fields, and the children were in charge of bringing them their lunches to eat. When I would walk down those lonely paths I was so afraid that I would find the chest with that man's head in it that I wouldn't even look to the sides of the path or behind me.
When I think back to that time in my life I get very nostalgic. “The Stories and Legends of Honduras” has been present in the culture of the people of Honduras for over 50 long years. Recently they made a film about it. The Legends are getting bigger!
A new report blasts the Federal Reserve and the Treasury for their handling of the AIG crisis. Panel: AIG bailout 'poisonous'
A new report by the panel created to oversee spending under the Troubled Asset Relief Program blasts the Federal Reserve and the Treasury for creating the too-big-to-fail problem with its handling of the American International Group crisis in 2008.
The Congressional Oversight Panel report condemns government officials for the initial September 2008 decision, backed by then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, to save the company from collapse by lending it $85 billion in taxpayer funds from the Federal Reserve to save the insurance behemoth. While the loans from the Treasury and Fed eventually grew to over $200 billion, the report aims its fire at the initial decision to bail out AIG, rather than letting it fail.
Story Continued Below
"The government's actions in rescuing AIG continue to have a poisonous effect on the marketplace," the report says. "The AIG rescue demonstrated that Treasury and the Federal Reserve would commit taxpayers to pay any price and bear any burden to prevent the collapse of America‘s largest financial institutions and to assure repayment to the creditors doing business with them."
The panel's report was issued just after midnight Thursday morning, the same day that members of the House and Senate will be conferencing to reconcile their versions of the Wall Street bill aimed at preventing future AIGs.
Federal Reserve and Treasury officials should have tried much harder to save AIG without using taxpayer money, said Elizabeth Warren, a Harvard Law School bankruptcy professor and chairperson of the panel.
"The negotiations would have been difficult, and they might have failed," they said Wednesday in a conference call with reporters. "But the benefits of crafting a private or even a joint public-private solution were so superior to the cost of a complete government bailout that they should have been pursued as vigorously as humanly possible."
The panel has embraced its role as watchdog, to the discomfort of federal officials. In March, it roundly criticized the Treasury for what it calls lax oversight of Citigroup.
"If the regulators don't ask for the information that reveals the gaps in the firm's own understanding of its risks, then the regulators have failed profoundly," Warren said.
On June 1, AIG announced that its plan to sell its Asian insurance business had fallen apart, slowing the process of returning money to the government. As of May 27, the company still owed the Fed $26.1 billion, according to the report.
Federal officials have defended their oversight of the insurance giant, which reported total losses of $110 billion in 2008 and 2009 and is nearly 80 percent owned by taxpayers. Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke said in a hearing before the House Budget Committee Wednesday morning that they believe AIG will eventually repay taxpayers fully.
Buses carrying the slogans have been operating around the UK An atheist UK bus campaign which uses the slogan "There's probably no God" does not breach the advertising code, a watchdog has ruled. The Advertising Standards Authority said it had assessed 326 complaints. Some claimed the wording was offensive to people who followed a religion. But the body concluded the adverts were unlikely to mislead or cause widespread offence and closed the case. The £140,000 ad campaign was launched by the British Humanist Association. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said it would not be further investigating any complaints about the campaign, which was launched on British buses and the London Underground on the 6 January. While some of the complaints claimed the adverts were offensive and denigrated people of faith, others challenged whether they were misleading because the advertiser would not be able to substantiate its claim that God "probably" did not exist. Driver refusal However, the ASA ruled the adverts were an expression of the advertiser's opinion and that the claims in it were not capable of objective substantiation. Although the watchdog acknowledged the content of the campaign would be at odds with the beliefs of many, it concluded that it was unlikely to mislead or to cause "serious or widespread offence". The adverts, with the slogan "There's probably no God. Now stop worrying and enjoy your life", were launched earlier this month following fund-raising by the British Humanist Association. Featuring on 200 bendy buses in London and 600 other vehicles in England, Scotland and Wales, they were backed by high profile atheists, including Professor Richard Dawkins. Last week, Christian bus driver Ron Heather, from Southampton, Hampshire, refused to drive one of the buses carrying the atheist slogan and walked out of their shift in protest.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Outline:
Message claims that Australia's General Peter Cosgrove made a remark about a female interviewer being “equipped to be a prostitute” during an interview on ABC radio.
Brief Analysis:
The claim in the message is untrue. General Cosgrove has never made any such remark in any interview. The message is a recycled version of earlier US and UK based versions that have circulated for a number of years.
Example:
Subject: FW: Worth thinking about Peter Cosgrove interview For those that don't know him, Major General Peter Cosgrove is an “Australian treasure!” General Cosgrove was interviewed on the radio recently. You'll love their reply to the lady who interviewed them concerning guns and children. Regardless of how you feel about gun laws you gotta love this! This is one of the best comeback lines of all time. It is a portion of an ABC interview between a female broadcaster and General Cosgrove who was about to sponsor a Boy Scout Troop visiting their military headquarters. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
So, General Cosgrove, what things are you going to teach these young boys when they visit your base? GENERAL COSGROVE:
We're going to teach them climbing, canoeing, archery and shooting. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
Shooting! That's a bit irresponsible, isn't it? GENERAL COSGROVE:
I don't see why, they'll be properly supervised on the rifle range. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
Don't you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children? GENERAL COSGROVE:
I don't see how. We will be teaching them proper rifle discipline before they even touch a firearm. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
But you're equipping them to become violent killers. GENERAL COSGROVE:
Well, Ma'am, you're equipped to be a prostitute, but you're not one, are you? The radio went silent and the interview ended.
Detailed Analysis:
This message supposedly includes a transcript of an interview featuring General Peter Cosgrove broadcast on an ABC (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) radio program. When taken to task by the female interviewer for plans to allow a group of visiting Scouts to participate in a shooting exercise, General Cosgrove supposedly delivers a caustically sexist comeback line that silences their criticism and terminates the interview.
In reality, no such interview ever took place nor did Cosgrove ever make such a remark.
The story is an Australianized version of an earlier US based story that had a certain “General Reinwald” of the US Marines as the one delivering the killer line. The US version (example included below) claimed that General Reinwald made the remark during an interview with a female reporter broadcast on NPR (National Public Radio). However, NPR has denied that any such interview was ever broadcast and there are no records of a General Reinwald serving in the US armed forces. “General Reinwald” is nothing more than a fictional character invented to give an American orientation to an even older version of the story.
Well before the “General Reinwald” story began circulating, a Welsh based version had already been posted online. The Welsh version (example included below) simply featured “Mr. Jones”, a leader of a youth club, as the one who delivered the sexist remark and made no mention of Generals or Scouts. In fact, incarnations of this old joke have been posted on innumerable websites, blogs and forums in several countries for a number of years. Some versions mention other youth groups such as the Devil Pups rather than Scouts.
Unlike earlier versions of the joke, the Australian variant names a real person. By falsely claiming that Peter Cosgrove made such an overtly sexist and inflammatory remark, the joke unfairly tarnishes the reputation of a highly respected and honourable man. General Peter Cosgrove is a high-profile and much-admired member of the Australian community who had a distinguished army career that culminated in their appointment as Chief of the Defence Force in 2002. Cosgrove retired from the army in 2005 but has certainly not disappeared from public life. They played a pivotal role as leader of the aid and recovery effort after Cyclone Larry devastated areas of far north Queensland in March 2006. And, they are the current Governor-General of Australia.
US “General Reinwald” Version:
Subject: Greatest comeback line Marine Corp's General Reinwald was interviewed on the radio the other day and you have to read their reply to the lady who interviewed them concerning guns and children. Regardless of how you feel about gun laws you gotta love this!!!! This is one of the best comeback lines of all time. It is a portion of National Public Radio (NPR) interview between a female broadcaster and US Marine Corps General Reinwald who was about to sponsor a Boy Scout Troop visiting their military installation. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
So, General Reinwald, what things are you going to teach these young boys when they visit your base? GENERAL REINWALD:
We're going to teach them climbing, canoeing, archery, and shooting. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
Shooting! That's a bit irresponsible, isn't it? GENERAL REINWALD:
I don't see why, they'll be properly supervised on the rifle range. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
Don't you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children? GENERAL REINWALD:
I don't see how. We will be teaching them proper rifle discipline before they even touch a firearm. FEMALE INTERVIEWER:
But you're equipping them to become violent killers. GENERAL REINWALD:
Well, Ma'am, you're equipped to be a prostitute, but you're not one, are you? The radio went silent and the interview ended. You gotta love the Marines!
Welsh youth club leader version:
Excerpt from a recent live radio interview on one of the regional Welsh stations: A female newscaster is interviewing the leader of a Youth club:
Interviewer:- So, Mr. Jones, what are you going to do with these children on this adventure holiday? Jones:- We're going to teach them climbing, abseiling, canoeing, archery, shooting… Interviewer:- Shooting! That's a bit irresponsible isn't it? Jones:- I don't see why, they'll be properly supervised on the range. Interviewer:- Don't you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children? Jones:- I don't see how, we will be teaching them proper range discipline before they even touch a firearm. Interviewer:- But you're equipping them to become violent killers. Jones:- Well, you're equipped to be a prostitute but you're not one are you? Needless to say, the interview was terminated almost immediately……
References
About NPR: The Mythical General Reinwald
General Cosgrove
NPR Interview of USMC General – Email Is Not True
General Cosgrove Radio Interview Hoax was last modified: by
Related
In Texas, One Republican Lawmaker Is Trying To Halt The Bathroom Bill
The Texas governor and lieutenant governor are leading efforts to pass several Republican red meat bills – like a ban on transgender bathroom access. But one Republican lawmaker is pushing back.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
Texas Republicans are trying again to pass a bill that would restrict access to public bathrooms for transgender people. But in a state dominated by Republicans, one of its legislature's most powerful members is trying to stop the bathroom bill. Ben Philpott of member station KUT in Austin reports on a party that's divided over how to govern.
BEN PHILPOTT, BYLINE: Texas House Speaker Joe Straus has made themselves enemy number one among the state's most conservative voters. Their crime? Their management styles.
JOE STRAUS: I try to encourage cooperation. I try to encourage bipartisanship. And I know that's not a very fashionable thing today.
PHILPOTT: It's not just unfashionable. For some Republicans, it's downright treasonous. When Straus focuses on bipartisan efforts like a plan to increase public school funding, he's attacked by some for doing so at the expense of, quote, "real conservative priorities." State House member Matt Schaefer is one of those critics.
MATT SCHAEFER: There's a growing number of conservatives in the House that don't understand why Speaker Straus is blocking a conservative agenda.
PHILPOTT: That line, blocking a conservative agenda, may sound familiar. From Republican senators who blocked a repeal of Obamacare to fights in Republican state legislatures around the country, votes against the party line have brought a swift and often angry response. Straus has always said that if something doesn't come up for a vote in the Texas House it's because the bill didn't have enough support. But they admit they have blocked some legislation.
STRAUS: I use the office and the authority that the members have given to me on occasions where I think it's necessary. This bathroom bill is a perfect example of that.
PHILPOTT: The bill is also a perfect example of the divisions among Republicans and the business interests that have backed the GOP over the years. And in Texas, those business leaders want nothing to do with the bathroom bill. That's because of what happened in North Carolina. A similar bill there led to consumer boycotts. Some companies even avoided investing in the state. Straus quotes from a recent editorial from a North Carolina newspaper.
STRAUS: Why would Texas, after seeing the example in North Carolina, want to walk headfirst into a giant cactus? And I think it's a good question. And I hope we don't go there.
PHILPOTT: But the governor, lieutenant governor, state Senate and some in the House do. Jim Henson directs the Texas Politics Project at UT Austin. They say that tug of war between activists and business groups shows up in Straus' record as speaker.
JIM HENSON: What you see is an ability to balance what different factions of the Republican Party want while acknowledging that, you know, some of the issues that they may not put at the top of their list are at the top of Republican primary voters' lists.
PHILPOTT: Here's an example. Straus points to business groups and law enforcement when explaining their opposition to the bathroom bill. But those same groups were opposed to another key Republican bill Straus did pass this spring.
HENSON: The House delivered anti-illegal immigration and border security measures that are the most important issues for Republican primary voters in the state, full stop.
PHILPOTT: But right now it's all or nothing for most conservative Republicans. Passing an anti-sanctuary cities bill is great, but unless Straus passes the bathroom bill, nothing else he's done matters. And Representative Schaefer says that's what voters will focus on in primary elections in 2018.
SCHAEFER: Are you with Lieutenant Governor Patrick and Governor Abbott? Or are you with Joe Straus, who's blocking a conservative agenda? He's really making it simple for people to understand.
PHILPOTT: Straus and members of the Texas Legislature have two weeks to pass a bathroom bill and settle the question of who's leading Texas Republicans - the business-friendly wing or its conservative activists. For NPR News, I'm Ben Philpott in Austin.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
SB Savannah Banks "This article helped me pinpoint real avenues for my nagging need for an audience!"
SS Sphephelo Sphilele "This article helped me a lot. I learned that you must work very hard to get what you want, and only time will tell."
AS Adhuresa Salihu famous without talent. Also, this article helped me to know and to show other people what talent I do have." ..." more "This article helped me a lot. I'm not a girl without talent, but this helped me to know how other people can be
A Anonymous crucial subtlety. Quality of character is a huge asset." ..." more "The emphasis on the distinction between fame and infamy was appreciated, especially when many don't care about the
AC Allie Casarez almost famous, this will change my life forever!" ..." more "This really helped. I followed the steps and I actually published an article. People read it and loved it. I'm
CM Christiana Mehn be myself and do what I feel like doing." ..." more "This article helped me by thinking that I shouldn't draw attention to other people so they notice me. I should just
LV Lilibeth Ventura them that I'm not a loser." ..." more "This helped me and inspired me. A lot of people make fun of me, that's why I want to be famous, then I can show Rated this article:
LD Lucca Defabio for some quality I have." ..." more "I know now that it will be hard to get famous, and I can't just get famous on pure luck. I have to be recognized
SR Syed Ryhmen aspire to become famous." ..." more "The article is very well written along with pictures. It is informative and provides guidance to the ones who
RS Royshawn Stevens you guys! :)" ..." more "I would like to thank you guys for helping me to understand the ways to be famous I really appreciate it! I love
JD Jakayla Dupree people." ..." more "Good article, I really like it. This is how I will get over my stage fright every time I get in front of a lot of
JD Jean Doughseph "This is very helpful for those who seek out help and don't know what to do. Very much appreciated, God bless you."
A Anonymous "The article addressed many different occupations and many different important factors that are easily overlooked."
CB Chris Barnett worth it in the end." ..." more "Becoming "famous" or "well known" isn't easy, but if you take your time, then it'll all be
A Anonymous "I have a celebrity crush on Finn Wolfhard and I'm planning on marrying him, so I hope this works! Thank you!"
SK Shreya Kumari "That really helped me! I'm grateful to know that everyone has a talent. Me too. I just wanna keep trying!"
TK Terrell Kennedy "This article will help me to be a better person and help me become who I want to be. Thank you so much."
EH E. Hernandez "It helped me to have more confidence in myself. Thanks to this advice, I got so many gigs every month!"
CS Cali Smith "Thanks, this helped me a lot. I will stick to my drive and hope for the best. Thank you so much!"
AS Ariana Scott "I love this site, it just helps to to believe in yourself and your dreams. Loved the article."
AR Ashley Rose "This was extremely helpful for me. I'm aiming to become a gymnast, then go to the Olympics."
CP Cera Pankey "I love the fact that you put out certain tips that other people don't mention. Thank you!"
CM Chris Mejia "Warnings helped me out the most, because I can think about the life of a famous person."
WG Wil G. "It was, has always been, and will always be my question base. Thank you, wikiHow."
SC Sona Chaudhary "Helpful for beginners who want to become famous or succeed in a particular field."
JS Joyce Simiyu "I have learned so much from this article that I want to work on my dreams."
HP Harrison Prince "It all helped me. There's nothing I hopefully can't use in my future."
MK Mwangi Kibui "Has answered most of the questions that I had in mind. Thanks a lot."
A Anonymous "I was doing a project about famous people and how they got famous." Rated this article:
Vassil Levski 1837 - 1873
Idol | Biography Beliefs | Nickname | Ritual | Poem | Grave Levski was buried secretly. The Ottoman authorities knew too well that even dead Levski was dangerous for the Ottoman Empire. They knew that their grave would become a place of worship and inspiration for the national liberation movement. Thus, until present day we do not know for certain where the Levski's grave is . Ironically, Levski had said, "If they hang me, at least my grave will remain in Bulgarian land and everyone will know it." For the period 1873 - 1956 the national memory kept and spread the story about Levski's grave told by old Sofia residents. Grandma Maria Pop Pavlova told the newspaper Mir (6/03/1937) that the body of the Apostle had been buried by the priest Todor near by the gallows. In the night after the execution, the sexton of the church St. Petka (still open for people nowadays) disinterred Levski's body and buried the remains in the altar of the church. The urban development of Sofia in 1956 brought the necessity for archeological excavations in St. Petka church. The archeologists did find a grave. The remains there were thought to be Levski's, but that was never verified unambiguously. Since then a long and yet unsettled dispute about the place of the Levski's grave has been running, abated and rekindled by the political situations in Bulgaria over the years. Emil Jivkov lists the chronology of this dispute. In my opinion, it is not that important where exactly the Levski's grave is.
What is important is to keep Levski's flame for liberty in our hearts.
Top Idol | Biography Beliefs | Nickname | Ritual | Poem | Grave since 11 May, 2003. Thank you! You are visitorsince 11 May, 2003. Thank you! Created: December, 1999 Updated: 6 April, 2010 T their site is designed and maintained by
Magdalena Anguelova
Questions? Comments? Suggestions?
Please, send an e-mail. Copyright © 1999-2012 Magdalena Anguelova
All Rights Reserved
That the term ‘non-vegetarian' often puzzles many non-Indians offers a clue to the relative food habits of this country vis a vis others. To be anything other than vegetarian is expressed in as a negative here; in the West, till very recently, even fish and eggs were deemed vegetarian by virtue of not being meat. In this context, information about the composition of the casings of the pills most people, here and elsewhere in the world, gulp every day would evoke very differing concerns. That there are vegetarians as well as non-vegetarian options for those bright edible plasticky capsules will surely cause consternation in circles where a distinction was never presumed in the first place, just like in the case of cheese.
It is apt that mad cow disease prevention protocols, which ‘outed' many other perceived vegetarian items such as lozenges and breakfast cereals, and their subsequent ‘vegetarianisation', prompted this revelation too. And it is just as well that the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) is expected to decide between plant-derived cellulose and gelatin today. If the pharma companies are left to decide which type of casing they will use, it may prove to be a bitter pill for vegetarians to swallow. Unless, of course, even medicines are brought under the purview of those red and green dots.
Robbie Williams is back with their new album “The Heavy Entertainment Show”, their first to be released through Columbia Records/Sony Music. A Million of fans adore the former Take That, who in their career sold over 75 million albums, but did you know that they are an UFO enthusiast? After the “Close Encounters Tour” (whose title is inspired to “Close Encounters of the Third Kind” movie) in 2006, while they were tooking a break, they contacted a journalist and asked them to go to a UFO conference in Arizona, which journalist didn't, fearing for singer's mental health.
Close encounters of the first kind
Robbie is not the only pop star interested in UFOs and aliens, but surely was for a long time literally obsessed about aliens, so much that in 2008 they claimed to have seen an alien near their recording studio, shortly after recording a track called “Arizona” (published in the 2009 “Reality Killed the Video Star” album), which is just about alien visitations.
Talking to journalists Robbie stated that an evening they were on a balcony “and there was this big ball of gold light that turned up - we thought it was Venus or Mars or something. When the song stops playing it disappears. But then we put Arizona on again and the ball turned back up. It happened four times” and Robbie was so much freaked out that they declared to be “seriously to be minded to go out and investigate these things. I'm stopping being a pop star and being a full-time UFO hunter”.
Two previous occasions for Robbie Williams
Luckily for their fans, Robbie chose to continue singing, but this wasn't the only one contact they had, as maliciouses might think connected to the album's promotion. First time the British singer had seen a UFO was when they were a kid, but more recently, while they were at the Beverly Hills Hotel, there was another sighting. “I was lying on my sun lounger outside at night, looking up. Suddenly about 300 foot above me, there was this square thing which just passed over my head silently and then shot off”. Might be that aliens love Robbie's songs?
Britain's leading Jewish organisation has called on Jeremy Corbyn to sack a shadow minister who claimed accusations of anti-semitism within the party were a "dirty lowdown trick" being used for "political ends".
The Board of Deputies of British Jews spoke out after Chris Williamson told The Guardian that Mr Corbyn's political opponents were using claims of anti-semitism to try and hurt the Labour leader.
“I'm not saying it never ever happens but it is a really dirty, lowdown trick, particularly the anti-semitism smears," the shadow fire minister said yesterday.
"Many people in the Jewish community are appalled by what they see as the weaponisation of anti-semitism for political ends."
The Board's vice president, Marie van der Zyl, said Labour should consider sacking Mr Williamson, who also provoked controversy last week when they told PoliticsHome it would be "worth consulting" on introducing women-only train carriages in an attempt to tackle sex attacks.
“The Jewish community would expect a Labour MP and shadow minister like Chris Williamson to show solidarity with those suffering racism within their own party rather than blaming the victims," Ms van der Zyl said.
"After a second failure on equalities issues in a week, the Labour leadership should consider whether Williamson is a suitable person to serve as a front-bench spokesperson.”
'SOLIDARITY'
Mr Williamson denied the suggestion they were victim-blaming, but doubled down on their claim that allegations of anti-semitism had been used as a political weapon.
"I absolutely did not and never would blame the victims of anti-semitism or any form or racism and bigotry," they said in a statement.
"Anti-semitism is utterly repugnant and a scourge on society, which is why I stand in absolute solidarity with anyone who is subjected to anti-semitic abuse.
"The point I was trying to make is that accusations have on occasions been used for factional or party political ends."
Elsa/Getty Images
New York Knicks head coach Mike Woodson landed the luxury of depth this offseason with the addition of four key players to their rotation: Andrea Bargnani, Metta World Peace, Tim Hardaway Jr. and C.J. Leslie.
Andrea Bargnani's presence in the lineup will open the offense for New York. He'll step in and compliment Carmelo Anthony and Tyson Chandler, as well as Amar'e Stoudemire, with their perimeter-based style of play. As Raymond Felton told the MSG Network, "Bargnani is going to space the floor from a bigs standpoint. When we play against Miami, Indiana, those guys can't really help as much when you have a big guy who can shoot."
Bargnani possesses a unique skill set for someone their size: They aren't simply a spot-up shooter. With a tight handle on the ball and an illusive head-fake, as seen in the video below, Bargnani should have plenty of chances to score easily with all the attention Carmelo Anthony will command.
Playing alongside Anthony, J.R. Smith and Amar'e Stoudemire, Bargnani is likely to be the third or fourth option on the court, relieving them of the pressure they endured in Toronto from being a former number one overall draft pick.
In 35 games last year for the Raptors, they averaged 28.7 minutes per game—expect Bargnani, whether they start or comes off the bench, to log a similar number with the depth the Knicks have up front. That should preserve their health for the postseason, where their perimeter shooting and versatility will be needed most.
Their defensive shortcomings will also be masked by Kenyon Martin and newcomer Metta World Peace when the trio are in the lineup together.
Metta World Peace provides the Knicks with toughness and the defensive wherewithal that will be needed for New York to be taken seriously as a contender, as can be seen in the video below.
In the 2013 NBA Playoffs, against the Indiana Pacers, with Carmelo Anthony guarding David West and Roy Hibbert feasting on Tyson Chandler, the Knicks were outrebounded by an average of 10.4 boards per game. Thanks to the acquisition of World Peace, Anthony won't be susceptible to those defensive mismatches when Mike Woodson decides to run a smaller lineup on the court.
World Peace is capable of guarding all five positions over the course of a game. They averaged 33.7 minutes last season for the Los Angeles Lakers and shot 37.8 percent on corner three-pointers—shots he'll have the opportunity of knocking down regularly in New York.
They should play at least 25 minutes a game this season, splitting time at both forward positions, with an upwards potential to match and exceed last season's average, depending on the roster's health.
Rookies Tim Hardaway Jr. and C.J. Leslie could take minutes away from World Peace and other veterans on the roster, but it isn't likely that they average over 25 minutes a game combined. They'll both play off the bench and be used in situations to maintain the flow of the game, or when a burst of energy is needed.
Hardaway Jr. could emerge as the team's third ball-handler if a point guard isn't brought in through free agency.
Although they played off the ball in college and wasn't asked to distribute, the Knicks have players like Iman Shumpert and J.R. Smith, in addition to Carmelo Anthony and Amar'e Stoudemire, that can create their own shots, and Hardaway Jr. would need to simply refrain from turning the ball over to be looked at as successful if placed in that position.
It would be in the Knicks' best interest to bring a true point guard aboard, however, adding another distributor besides Raymond Felton and Pablo Prigioni, whom Hardaway Jr. should learn from.
C.J. Leslie will also have some learning to do this season, but with their slashing ability, athleticism and length, he'll contribute in some capacity when called upon. Leslie will impact the team most as a weak-side shot blocker and around the rim.
It will be difficult for them to get much playing time initially, but the 10 to 15 minutes they get at both forward positions, should be enough for them to learn the NBA game and display flashes of promise.
The New York Knicks have had a solid offseason thus far: They added a versatile scorer, a tenacious defender and two talented youngsters with more than affordable contracts to their flashy core.
ABSTRACT
To elucidate regional differences in the chemical composition of cuneiform clay tablets originating from Iraq and Turkey, chemical analysis was conducted using portable X-ray fluorescence analyzers. The analysis included clay tablets from the 21 areas of Ur, Larsa, Lagash, Uruk, Umma, Adab, Drehem, Nippur, Kish, Borsippa, Dilbat, Babylon, Sippar, Nusi, Nimrud, Nineveh, Tell Brak, Tell Halaf, Boghazkoy, Kultepe, and Alalakh, currently stored in the Yale Babylonian Collection at Yale University and the British Museum. Multivariate statistics such as principal component analysis, discriminant analysis, and cluster analysis were applied to the chemical analysis results. Based on the chemical compositions for Ca, K, and Fe, the clay tablets were classified into four groups corresponding to the upper stream area of the Tigris and Euphrates River, the lower stream area of the Tigris and Euphrates River, the northern and central areas in Turkey, and the southern area in Turkey. This grouping was determined mainly by a difference in Ca content dictated by the local geology.
Many people are asking if their state will be next to legalize marijuana. Some are concerned about the implications this may have on their communities and others are hoping to cash in on the legalization and marijuana industrial boom. The question of how this will play out in state and federal law is an important one to consider. Some states are openly defying the federal ban on marijuana and reviving the concept of nullification where local governments have essentially disregarded federal laws they found unsuitable for their populations.
Colorado, Washington, Alaska, and Oregon are the most recent examples of state divergence. They have all legalized recreational marijuana and are regulating the sales, production, and distribution. Meanwhile more than 20 states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medicinal usage. Furthermore, there are currently 19 ballots and initiatives going to vote in 2016 nationwide which will likely result in an even higher number of states looking to decriminalize the drug.
Marijuana Laws by State
Click on your state to review their individual marijuana legislation.
How has it become possible for states to carry out these laws without repercussions? Is this an indication that the federal government's domination over state governments is weakening?
Funding and Appropriations
The first piece to this puzzle and perhaps the biggest influencing factor toward marijuana legalization came from a provision inside the $1 trillion spending bill that was passed in December 2014. The provision forbade the Justice Department from spending any money to enforce the federal ban on growing or selling marijuana in the states that legalized it for medical use.
Representative Dana Rohrabacher, a Republican from California who helped author the medical-use provision, said in a statement, “The enactment of this legislation will mark the first time in decades that the federal government has curtailed its oppressive prohibition of marijuana and has instead taken an approach to respect the many states that have permitted the use of medical marijuana to some degree.”
With this provision in place, the states have been free to pass their own marijuana laws without the risk of federal government agents coming to raid their growers or distributors. This freedom has led to more states legalizing both medical and recreational marijuana use along with many more ballot initiatives on the horizon.
The Nature of Federalism
Encouraged by the hands-off approach from the federal government, Colorado, Washington, Alaska, and Oregon used this opportunity to pass initiatives that were important for the people in their states and legalized recreational and medical marijuana. Many other states are now following their lead.
This shift of power from federal authority toward power in the states could also be a byproduct of a stagnant government. Congress has been divided for the last three sessions with the last session
being completely controlled by Republicans under a Democratic president. While passing federal legislation can be laborious for a stalemate federal government, states pass regulations with almost industrial efficiency. Although this might not be good for the overall legislative progress, it might be a leading cause for states to pass their own marijuana laws.
According to Dylan Scott, a writer for Governing magazine, during the Obama administration especially, states have emerged as the best option for meaningful policy making. The federal government will always have a dominant role in spheres such as foreign relations and international trade, but with Washington politically divided, the number of issues it could effectively act on has shrunk and will continue to do so. On top of that, America is experiencing polarization of the parties and regional political clustering is becoming more obvious.
Red states are getting redder. Blue states are getting bluer.
“States led by Democrats are moving toward broader Medicaid coverage, stricter gun laws and a liberalized drug policy. They legalized gay marriage, abolished the death penalty and extended new rights to undocumented immigrants,” Scott points out. “Republican strongholds are working quickly to remove government from the business sphere – reducing taxes, pushing anti-union right-to-work laws and rebelling against the Affordable Care Act. They're also pressing forward on some of their most valued social issues, promoting pro-life abortion policies, and protecting the rights of gun owners.”
American communities have become more ideologically homogeneous, says Paul Starr in an article for The American Prospect. “Americans appear to be choosing where to live on the basis of economic and social criteria that are highly correlated with their political views. As a result, at the local and county level, elections are increasingly lopsided, with one party or the other able to dominate and get its way.”
This residential clustering of like-minded people can explain why some politically sensitive issues like guns, gay rights, and marijuana have widely varying laws across the states. Marijuana has been legalized easily for some – western and northeastern states – and vehemently prohibited in others – most of the southern states.
Executive Administration
A lack of funding for the Justice Department to enforce the federal ban on marijuana coupled with a power shift toward state governments has created a safe haven for states to carry out their own initiatives, but there is no guarantee this will last forever. The political climate is constantly changing in the US, which could be good or bad for legal marijuana supporters. It all depends on who is in charge.
Under the Obama Administration, the Justice Department decreased the number of raids on pot growers and sellers, and the provision in the spending bill was passed that reserved resources for more serious crimes instead of marijuana related crimes.
While the current administration has been far more lenient with drug laws than some presidents in the past, remember Ronald Reagan and the “War on Drugs”? What will happen when a new Head of State takes office? In the end, it is up to the executive branch to choose which laws it prioritizes enforcing. Unless marijuana is made legal by federal law, any new administration could choose to enforce harsher reactions to the state regulations that have made marijuana legal.
The Light from the TV Shows: A Chat with Jonathan Banks (“Breaking Bad”)
You may or may not know this, but…Jonathan Banks is basically just as awesome as the character they play on “Breaking Bad.” True story. I know this to be true because they proved it handily when they gave my daughter the chance to interview them in the midst of an interview they and I were doing for the Onion AV Club.
Funnily enough, though, while they and I clearly built a bit of a bond as a result of their conversation with myself and my daughter, we'd never actually met until earlier this month, when they attended the Television Critics Association Awards with some of their fellow “Breaking Bad” cast and crew members. I was giddy when I spotted them at the event, and I strolled over and said, “You and I have never met, but you've chatted with my daughter…”
Their jaw dropped, and they said, “Son of a bitch.” Then a smile appeared on their face, they stuck out their hand, and they said, “How are you, brother? And how's that little girl of yours doing? Oh, man, it is so good to finally meet you. Is your wife here? I need to say ‘hello' to her, too!”
Yep. Jonathan Banks is awesome. Indeed, he's so awesome that, although I couldn't imagine they wouldn't be up for doing a quick interview in the wake of Mike's storyline coming to a conclusion on “Breaking Bad,” I still felt obliged to go through the proper channels to chat with him. As such, I sent a formal request to their manager, even as I admitted, “I realize there's a pretty strong chance that he's just going to say, ‘Well, if they know how to get in touch with me, then tell them to get in touch with me, for chrissakes, but even so.”
Within 24 hours, I had a direct email from Mr. Banks, simply saying, “Call anytime.” And when I asked if they had a preferred time, explaining that I'd have an empty house from 8:30 AM EST onward because of my wife and daughter heading out to get their hair done, they said to call them at 8:30 AM EST…which was a little surprising, given that I knew they lived in California, but damned if they didn't answer the phone right away.
Bullz-Eye: Well, aren't you the early riser…
Jonathan Banks: Got a golf game to get to, brother. [Laughs.]
BE: Oh, sure, you've got all the time in the world to golf now.
JB: [Dreamily.] All the time in the world…
BE: And on that note, as far as the last hurrah of Mike Ehrmantraut goes, it was a hell of a way to go out, that's for sure.
JB: Yeah, it was done well. It was done really well.
BE: Did Vince (Gilligan) give you at least a little bit of advance warning that your end on the series was near?
JB: Oh, yeah. Vince told me nine months ago, so I definitely had notice.
BE: The way things were going, it seemed almost inevitable that a showdown between Mike and Walt was destined to happen. Did you have that feeling even before Vince told you?
JB: Well, you know, there's no other way to say it: Mike broke a lot – a lot – of their own rules in the end, so you knew damned well it was not going to come to a good end. [Laughs.]
BE: In truth, it seemed that we started to see a different Mike than the one we first met once Walt started to flex their muscles against Gus early last season.
JB: Yeah, but, you know, I don't know what to say other than that the wonderful writers – and I do mean wonderful writers – what they give me, that's what I do.
BE: They certainly gave you a lot this season. We learned more about Mike than we ever had before, including, at long last, their last name. Do you happen to know the story behind where Ehrmantraut came from?
JB: Absolutely. Vince's love, Holly, who's also a friend of mine, it's the last name of one of Holly's girlfriends in Virginia.
BE: In the midst of all of the new info we got on your character, we also got to see you interact with Dean Norris for a change.
JB: Oh, God, and weren't those some fun scenes? [Laughs.] I'm telling you, Dean's good. He's good.
BE: As far as this past week's episode, it was a sure sign of just how worried Mike was that they were willing to leave their granddaughter behind.
JB: Oh, yeah. And that, for me, was…I really, really, really… [Hesitates.] That was one I thought I just…I mean, leaving them in the park? The only way I can justify that as an actor, or that Mike could justify it through me, is that they are the police, it is a safe spot that's…y'know, she's not being abandoned by a railroad track somewhere. And they must take the leap that she'll be taken care of and be safe and be put back with their mother.
BE: For your final scene with Aaron Paul, did you actually receive the instruction that you were to look like you were on the verge of hugging him? Because not that Mike's really what you'd call a hugger, but it looked like you were on the verge of that.
JB: Yeah, y'know, that's…well, first of all, Will, getting down to those last days, that was some tough duty, because I love li'l Aaron, and I truly… [Hesitates.] That was an emotional parting. When we were running lines, it was all of a sudden for the first time when I realized, “As far as the show, this is it. This is the last time we're ever gonna see each other.” So that was tough. That was tough.
BE: Understandably so. The bond that you guys built, particularly over the course of last season, was pretty profound.
JB: Well, you know, and that's on the screen. And the funny thing – or not so funny – is that Aaron and I are really dear friends, and we had such a good time riding around in that car together that all the stuff began to come easy. The protection of the character, Mike's protection of Jesse…all the lines began to blur because of the emotional feelings I had for Aaron, you know? [Laughs.]
BE: I've read that everyone wore black armbands for your last day of filming.
JB: Yeah.
BE: You really scored a perfect parting line.
JB: Yeah, y'know, offhand, when I first saw the word “fuck,” I thought, “Aw, I don't know, would Mike use the word ‘fuck' there?” I mean, they get one “fuck” a season and they gave it to me, so it was such an honor, but at the same time… “Would they really say that?” And then, of course, because Mike doesn't actually say “fuck” – it's bleeped – so it becomes even more profound, I thought.
BE: And the sun was just gorgeous for that final shot. Just a beautiful shot.
JB: [Sighs.] I know. That's Slovis. Look at Michael Slovis. And Steve Litecky, who does the lighting and makes sure that everything's perfect. But, you know, it was the end of the day. We were running out of light, Will. There was no more light. It was done. It was toast.
BE: How difficult was it for you to sit on the knowledge that your time on the show was coming to an end?
JB: I don't know. And that's as good an answer as I can give you. I don't know. I have such mixed feelings, because from the time I knew… [Hesitates.] I guess the biggest reaction I had was, “What a great role this has been. What a wonderful gift that Vince Gilligan gave to me.” And that's truly how I looked at it. Now, as time got closer, it was hard! It was hard going through the season and knowing that…I have a good time when I go to work, so I'm going to work, having a good time, having a good time…and all of a sudden, that day is there. And it was an emotional day out there, my friend.
BE: It's pretty much universally accepted that your “No Half Measures” speech is one of Mike's greatest moments, but are there any other such moments that you hold up as personal favorites?
JB: No. Not off the top of my head. [Hesitates.] No, y'know, here are my favorite moments: from the time I came on the show in the last episode of Season 2 to the time I fell over and died. Those are my favorite moments. But, yes, the “Half Measures” speech really, really sticks out. Will, I can't tell you what a joy this has been to do. A joy.
BE: So what do you have on the horizon, aside from golf?
JB: Well, I'm memorizing lines this morning for a film, and I just did a small film for a friend. You know, my life is what it's always been for 45 years: “Where's the next job coming from?” [Laughs.]
BE: Any talk to you returning to “Modern Family”?
JB: Nah. I mean, y'know, what am I gonna do? I was dying of cancer the last time, so if you see me again, I'll be probably be dead.
BE: Hey, look how many seasons Walter White's gone with cancer.
JB: [Laughs.] That's true. Were it only that way in the real world…
By Mike Vilensky
With the younger generation growing up in a world where everything is documented online, Wendy Schmidt, wife of Eric Schmidt, executive chairperson of Google, thinks that everyone should be given a pass for anything posted by or about them before the age of 30. In an interview last year, their husband said something similar, predicting that someday every person will be entitled to change their or their name on reaching adulthood in order to disown youthful hijinks recorded online.
Schmidt, president of The Schmidt Family Foundation, is a player in their own right. The Wall Street Journal's Mike Vilensky caught up with Schmidt at a cocktail party celebrating the Wendy Schmidt Oil Cleanup X Challenge to chat about women in technology, the next Steve Jobs and the pros and cons of Googling yourself.
News Joins the RCC team! By
When I started the Redskins Capital Connection podcast a few years ago, I never imagined that it would grow into what it has become, nor that it would open as many doors as it has. From the humble beginnings of a one-man podcast, RCC has become a strong platform of independent Redskins news and analysis that is read by thousands of fans across the world every week, and the podcast has gone from strength to strength, including regular player interviews as well as co-hosting on the ESPN980.com website.
As we approach the 2016 season, the opportunity to continue to grow presents itself once more, and as such I am looking to add a new writer onto our team.
If you've ever wanted to regularly write about the Washington Redskins and have your work read by a large and growing audience, this is a fantastic chance for you to join a young and dynamic team that gives you the freedom to write about what you want.
What we're looking for
Someone who can commit to writing at least one or two articles per week, with interesting and engaging perspectives
Strong written communication skills and the ability to self-edit your own work, ensuring that it is to a consistently high standard
An established social media presence is not required, but is encouraged
Familiarity with the WordPress publishing platform
Personal integrity, drive, and ambition
A great sense of humor
Lipitor no prescription
buy Doxycycline online
To apply, please send a short introduction and at least two examples of articles, blog posts, or similar work to chad@redskinscapitalconnection.com with the subject line “RCC team application”.
buy Tadalafil no prescription
Kamagra without prescription
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
Beta Quadrant is the little differences. They've got the same shit over there they got here, but it's just a little different.”"/>
An Oklahoma City man was arrested last Saturday after police responded to a domestic disturbance in the force (or perhaps a rip in space-time): two roommates were arguing over whetherorwas the better movie, and things got too intense.
A police report provided to Ars does not specify precisely which of the myriad movies and/or shows the men were griping about. However, it does say that during the argument, the victim, Bradley Warren Burk, went back to their room in the same building. (The two men, who Burk said were not friends, but merely acquaintances, live at a " transitional living program and emergency shelter for homeless young men.")
As they did so, Burk told their neighbor, 23-year-old Jerome Dewayne Whyte, that Whyte was "just a trick."
This angered Whyte, who next shouted back at him, "you wanna replay that?!?!" as they shoved Burk to the ground. Whyte began choking Burk, which resulted in Burk falling in and out of consciousness. In the scuffle, Burk reached for a nearby pocket knife to "defend himself." Whyte seemingly tried to grab it away and managed to cut himself, at which point they retreated.
Whyte was charged with assault and battery and possession of marijuana. They were taken to county jail.
Neither man immediately responded to Ars' request for comment. But the entire incident, which was first reported by a local Fox television station, does seem highly illogical.
UPDATE 4:45pm ET: Ars reached Burk, who said that the "trick" comment was misunderstood by police.
Before the altercation broke out, the two men had been playing a Batman game on Xbox. Burk had asked Whyte how they did a particular trick on the game.
As they played, they were ribbing each other, dishing out insults like "joker," and other names.
Eventually, some other friends of Whyte's came over. The entire group got to talking about the two science fiction series. Burk, who preferred Star Wars, was arguing their side.
"He was saying Spock was the shit and I was saying Yoda was the shit," they told Ars.
Burk then reprised the "joker" moniker, to which Whyte took offense, and felt that they had been disrespected in front of their friends. At that point, they broke out fighting.
"After that everything went to hell," they added.
WASHINGTON – The Defense Innovation Board, a group put together by former Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and headed by Google chairperson Eric Schmidt, is weighing the possibility of creating a central repository for the massive amounts of data collected by the military.
Changing how the Pentagon collects, maintains and uses data is going to be vital for the U.S. to maintain its technological edge going forward, the board members concluded at an April 4 hearing at the Pentagon. At the same time, the advisers acknowledged that the project comes loaded with thorny security and cultural questions.
When the group held its first public meeting in October, it laid out a collection of suggestions, including the creation of a chief innovation officer, new software testing rules, and a focus on machine learning. But after six months of research and visits to military bases, the group has zeroed in on the issue of data management as one that impacts every other idea on innovation.
The exploitation of data is central to any attempt by the Pentagon to employ artificial intelligence or machine learning, with Schmidt noting in their opening remarks this week that "the military, as a general statement, has data everywhere and nowhere as a result. … It's clear that without doing that a lot of the things the military would like to achieve are not going to happen."
Right now, there is no common database for all the data collected, with hundreds of different databases stored all over the department, the majority of which do not have common coding that would allow interfacing.
Speaking in March, William Roper, the head of the Pentagon's Strategic Capabilities Office, said the department focuses "on data in a 1990s-era way -- data for us is like something that you use to go into the fight and win, and after that fight, the purpose of the data, its raison d'etre, is over.
"And that is not the way that the commercial world, especially the big companies that are trying to work analytics and deep learning machinery -- to them, that data is truly gold. Probably better, it's probably closer to oil," Roper said. "It's a commodity, it's a wealth, it's also a fuel, and you're data keeps working for you even after you've used it."
But getting to the point where the Pentagon can use data like the commercial sector won't be easy, with a good example of the data problem facing the Pentagon laid out during an exchange with Lt. Gen. Jack Shanahan, director for defense intelligence at the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, who said the Pentagon collects 22 terabytes of data every day, roughly the equivalent of 5.5 seasons worth of video for the National Football League.
"You cannot exploit 22 terabytes worth of data the way we are doing things today," Shanahan said.
But in 2012, Facebook said it was handling more than 500 terabytes of data a day, a number which will only have expanded in the five years since – and that data is all processed, stored and used to impact how a Facebook user interacts with the website, including creating targeted content relevant to their interests.
In other words, what Shanahan called a "tsunami" of data is something the commercial sector could handle five years ago.
Schmidt themselves cited that 22 terabyte figure and noted that "within the business world, this is not overwhelming. This kind of numbers are easily dealt with, with modern computing. So there is an example of a big gap between the commercial and defense worlds."
In addition, all involved agreed that getting all the data in one place is another thing – figuring out how to make the various databases talk to each other, and knowing how to mine them, remains a major challenge given the number of older systems involved.
Culture and security concerns
During the hearing, six witnesses from inside the Pentagon were given time to discuss data projects and concerns, and they all largely touched on the question of culture.
The most impassioned comments – and the only one to garner applause from the audience — came from Bess Dopkeen, an analyst with the Pentagon's Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) office, who said that within the department, "Everyone fights the collection and sharing of data everywhere you turn."
The bureaucracy incentivizes not sharing data, Dopkeen noted, because the perception is data sharing means "others will take your money and your influence." Dobkeen's comments were echoed by others, especially during the comment period toward the end of the event.
And there is another cultural issue to overcome, as noted by retired Adm. William McRaven, the former head of Special Operations Command and the only member of the DIB to have served in the military. They noted that while the benefit from data might be easy to see in offices inside the Pentagon, those on the front lines are going to want to see tangible benefits.
McRaven's comments, combined with those of the witnesses who spoke to the group, led to Schmidt wondering if "we're going about this slightly in the wrong order," focusing on capabilities before culture.
After some back and forth on that point, Schmidt concluded that the group should look into whether there are simple, near-term projects in the fields of intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance which can be launched to show the benefits of big data.
Another issue raised during the event was on how to secure the information, with astrophysicist and television personality Neil deGrasse Tyson warning against creating a Library of Alexandria – the ancient central repository of knowledge where the information was all lost in a fire.
Other members of the board downplayed that concern, noting that it wouldn't be one actual physical database, highlighting commercial cloud databases with strong encryption. But they acknowledged there is a balance between protecting data and making it inaccessible.
Milo Medin, vice president of Access Services with Google Capital and a former NASA official, also raised a concern about the Pentagon's current data security strategy.
Inside the department, there is a "focus on 'communication security,' versus 'information security,'" they said. "We tend to say it's okay to store data in the clear at rest, we'll just protect it when we move it around. This is a fundamentally bad idea, because it opens up vectors for attack when the data is at rest, and it gives you a false sense of security for protecting the data when we're moving it around."
What concrete next steps the innovation board can take is still being debated, but the group pledged to remain focused on the subject and to work with Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that President Obama asked the Trump administration not to hire Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser, during their daily briefing on May 8 at the White House. (Reuters)
We've known for a while that the White House ignored Sally Yates's warning about Michael Flynn. Now we come to find out that it also ignored an earlier warning from President Barack Obama himself.
And the White House's explanation for it is oh-so-Trump: It viewed the warning as sour grapes from a loser.
Yates testified Monday that they warned White House counsel Don McGahn in late January about Flynn lying and potentially being compromised — weeks before the situation blew up publicly and Flynn was forced to resign as President Trump's national security adviser. And earlier Monday, we found out that Obama also warned Trump in their post-election meeting against hiring Flynn, a former Obama appointee.
In a briefing Monday afternoon, White House press secretary Sean Spicer weighed in on the latter case, and they suggested that Obama's advice was taken with a grain of salt because Flynn had excoriated Obama during the 2016 campaign. Spicer wasn't quite so blunt, but it was clear that Obama's comments were at least somewhat dismissed as the complaints of a loser.
Here's what Spicer said:
SPICER: It's true that President Obama made it known that they aren't exactly a fan of General Flynn's, which is — frankly, shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone, given that General Flynn had worked for President Obama, was an outspoken critic of President Obama's shortcomings, specifically as it related to their lack of strategy confronting ISIS and other threats around that were facing America. … QUESTION: If a sitting president raises the name of one individual, why wouldn't that give the president-elect pause? I understand what you're saying — the caveat about the fact that they campaigned against Hillary Clinton, et cetera. But wouldn't that give the incoming president pause? SPICER: I don't know that I agree with your characterization. They made it clear that they aren't a fan of his, and I don't think that should've come as a surprise, considering the role that General Flynn played in the campaign, criticizing their … QUESTION: So, it didn't give them any pause at all? SPICER: No, I think if you know what we knew at the time, which is that the security clearance that they had, had been re-approved in April of that year, and they took — not only did they re-approve it, but then they took no steps to suspend it. So, the question has to be what did they do if they had real concerns beyond just not having — you know, not liking them for some of the comments that they made.
Spicer's point here makes some logical sense: Basically, if Obama knew Flynn was such a liability, why didn't they do something more than warn their successor about it? As Philip Rucker reports, though, Obama didn't offer a damning reason, so much as “a confluence of red flags,” according to a former Obama administration official: Flyinn's job performance, their comments about Islam, and their attendance at an event hosted by Russian state-sponsored television station RT in Moscow.
But the other part of Spicer's comments says a lot about how the Trump team conducts business. Then-President-elect Trump apparently took a warning from the sitting president of the United States not to hire a specific adviser and dismissed it as partisan politics. They didn't think it was all that serious because they thought Obama was just sore about Flynn attacking him. And they apparently didn't see it as any reason to increase vetting of Flynn beyond their security clearance.
In Trump's black-and-white world, there are only winners and losers; Flynn was a winner, and Obama was a loser bent on evening the score.
President Barack Obama meets with President-elect Donald Trump in the Oval Office on Nov. 10, 2016. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP)
Similar warnings from Yates also were apparently discarded — even though they cautioned that Flynn had lied to the White House and could be vulnerable to blackmail by Russia because of it. They issued that warning on Jan. 26; Flynn wasn't forced to resign until more than two weeks later, on Feb. 13. By that point, it had become public that they had spoken with the Russian ambassador about sanctions — potentially illegally — and lied to Vice President Pence about it.
We don't know why that warning was ignored, but it seems entirely possible that Yates's cautions were dismissed for similar reasons as those for Obama's. Yates, after all, was an Obama appointee serving as acting attorney general before Trump's pick, Jeff Sessions, could be confirmed. And just four days after they issued the warning about Flynn, they directed the Justice Department not to enforce Trump's controversial travel ban. They were quickly fired.
How the White House could have failed to heed Yates's damning warnings about Flynn is particularly puzzling, but I suppose this is as good a theory as any.
Regardless of whether the actual reason, the explanation for dismissing Obama's warnings is plenty telling. The White House had multiple, relatively early warnings about how the Flynn situation could blow up in its face. It heeded neither of them — in part, at least, because it declined to take the cautioning seriously — and it wound up paying the price.
The White House has shown on plenty of occasions that it is hardly the well-oiled machine it sometimes claims to be. This is turning out to be Case Study No. 1 in that.
As Expected, MPAA's Filter For IsoHunt Blocks Plenty Of Legit Content, Even As MPAA Whines It's Not Good Enough
from the because-filtering-is-stupid dept
This week artist Elliot Wallace found out that the music they share with a Creative Commons license is blocked for U.S. visitors. Those who try to download their two track album “The Spirit Truth” will see the following error message. “Torrent has been censored, as required by US court.” Needless to say, Wallace doesn't want their music to be blocked. However, one of their tracks is titled “In the Kingdom of the Undead” which contains “The Kingdom,” a combination of words which the MPAA deems infringing.
For example, legitimate torrents blocked by “The Kingdom” phrase include an album with Reggaeton music, a selection of sermons preached at the North Main Church of Christ and a live concert from Uncle Earl. All these files are also hosted on the Internet Archive and can be shared freely.
The MPAA has been engaged in an ongoing legal battle with torrent search engine IsoHunt, where a court ordered IsoHunt to wave a magic wand and block all infringement based on an MPAA list of what has to be blocked. This is pretty stupid for a variety of reasons. Hell, back in the Napster case over a decade ago, the judge made a similar requirement only to learn that filters suck for this kind of thing. There are two reasons for this: (1) they don't do a very good job blocking infringing content, and (2) they always block legitimate content. While those two things may sound contradictory, they're not. When such blocks go into place, people who really want to share unauthorized content quickly work out ways around the filters, whether it's some sort of shorthand that avoids the filters or with some other simple to decipher system. Yet, for content thatto be found, there's no need for such basic obfuscation, and then the legit content gets blocked. In fact, last year we wrote about legitimate content being blocked.And it's still happening today. Even as the MPAA is claiming that IsoHunt has constructed its filter to still let people infringe, there are reports coming out about how ridiculously broad andthe filter is, such that plenty of legitimate and authorized content is getting caught and blocked . It appears, for reasons that make no sense, the MPAA has more or less made IsoHunt set up blanket blocks on certain terms, no matter how generic:TorrentFreak goes on to note that thisfilter item of "the kingdom" has resulted in a whole bunch of authorized content getting blocked:And that's just a single phrase. There are many others, some of which the article highlights.Meanwhile, I'm curious if anyone actually thinks this is making someone do such a search and then go give money to an MPAA-associated studio? I find that doubtful.
Filed Under: copyright, filter
Companies: isohunt, mpaa
The weapons used in Friday's shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Conn., appear to have been legally purchased and registered to Nancy Lanza, the mother of the gunman, law enforcement officials told NBC News and the Associated Press
A law enforcement official says some guns owned by the mother of the gunman in the Connecticut elementary school rampage match the models of the guns used in the shooting, according to reports.
Four 9mm handguns, one made by Glock and another by Sig Sauer, were recovered inside the school. An AR-15-type rifle also was found at the scene, but there were conflicting reports Friday night whether it had been used in the shooting, NBC News reported.
Officials told both news agencies that state police records show the woman had legally purchased five firearms and all were registered in Connecticut. Authorities are still trying to account for all the guns.
The gunman, identified as Adam Lanza was clad in black and allegedly used two 9mm pistols to kill 20 small children and six adults at the school. It was unclear how many shots were fired there.
In total, 28 people died in Friday's rampage, including the gunman, who was found at the scene, and a woman believed to be Nancy Lanza, found shot dead at a home in Newtown.
Under Connecticut law, people under 21 are prohibited from purchasing or carrying handguns. Adam Lanza was 20.
In 2011, Connecticut was rated the fifth toughest state on gun control by the pro-gun control Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. The rating system was based on a scorecard which gave points for each restriction the group favors.
The state scored 58 out of the possible 100 points.
Connecticut has a partial ban on possession of assault rifles, according to the Brady Campaign website. Certain brands and features are restricted. There are no restrictions on magazine capacity.
New Jersey ranked number two on the list and scored a 72 out of 100 points.
METAIRIE, La. -- One of the most frustrating examples of the lack of maturity and professionalism that so many New Orleans Saints veterans harped on this season was an inordinate amount of players showing up late to meetings or flights.
Though nobody was singled out individually, several players acknowledged Monday that there was an increase in fines for such things. At some point, coach Sean Payton even showed the team a chart illustrating that clubs with less team fines will often have more success.
"Look, all of those things become more heightened with losses," Payton said. "That wasn't unnecessarily higher than the norm. But there's an element to what has brought us success here. Success for a long period of time. And all of a sudden, when you have a season like this, you gotta look closely at, hey, let's make sure the little things are being taken care of. It's one of the topics we talked about in the team meeting."
Players insisted such indiscretions didn't reach the level of some of the issues being reported with young players being punished in Cleveland this past week. And players insisted that there were never any major concerns with a "poisonous" atmosphere in the locker room. In fact, offensive tackle Zach Strief said, "Considering the difficulty of the season, I thought the locker room stayed together really well."
But Strief said issues like that became very frustrating to them as a veteran leader who needs to police such things.
"I think the biggest problem is it wasn't taught that those things are not OK. It was assumed that you would know that," Strief said. "The perception sometimes from a young guy could be, 'Well, maybe being five minutes late didn't lose that game' -- which is true. But a bunch of guys with the mentality that the rules don't apply to them can lose that game. So that's why you talk about the 'little things.'"
"It's been higher this year than my first two years here. We had so many people late this year, guys late for planes. It's been so many issues with just basic stuff like showing up on time," said cornerback Corey White, who said they had never been fined himself. "Little things like that, I would hate to say that's the reason why we haven't had success on the field. But things like that you can control, you don't want to give 'em a reason to point to something out like that."
Payton and players have been equally frustrated with letting the "little things" slide on the field. Payton mentioned jumping offside on fourth-and-2 or losing the turnover battle in too many hard-fought games.
A few weeks ago, Payton's message to players was that they've become "that team" that they used to plan against, knowing they'd eventually beat themselves.
Safety Kenny Vaccaro said that message also applied to the off-field issues.
"Coach Payton, we pride ourselves on being an organization that's not that organization," said Vaccaro, who also said it wasn't a personal issue for him. "You heard them say a couple weeks ago that we're 'that team' that's making those mistakes. Well, 'that team' he's talking about is doing things like [arriving] late to meetings, late to the planes, having rookies do this, rookies do that.
"You just don't hear about that with the Patriots, you don't hear about that junk with the Packers. And we're part of that group of a team that's built that culture. So we've just gotta get that out.
"Honestly, looking back on the season, those things, I don't think they determine the outcome of games. But at the same time, those little things are just stuffed we didn't do last year. Last year, we didn't have any of that in this locker room. So you're gonna look to things like that when a season goes this poorly."
Though no specific instances were revealed, we do know of at least three player discipline issues that came up this season. Rookie linebacker Khairi Fortt was released by the team, reportedly because of missing or being late to meetings. Receiver Joe Morgan was suspended for two games for an unspecified team issue. And defensive tackle John Jenkins was left behind on a road trip for a game for an unspecified reason early in the year.
The good news, according to Strief, is that this should be "fixable stuff."
And as veteran linebacker Curtis Lofton said, a season like this will help drive home the point.
"One thing about football, what it does, it humbles you. So I think a lot of guys were humbled this year," Lofton said. "You've gotta do the things that put you in the position that got you here."
"Stay humble, stay hungry," White added. "That's the attitude we've gotta have next year."
North Korea's second most powerful leader has disappeared with speculation that dictator Kim Jong-un has sent them to jail.
South Korean authorities said that Choe Ryong Hae has fallen victim to the latest government purge.
South Korea's government said Ryong Hae has been sent to jail for interrogation.
According to the Washington Times, the Unification ministry, the South Korea-based body tasked with overseeing relations between the two countries, said it's "looking into" the accusations.
Ryong Hae held several top positions in North Korea since Kim ordered the execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, 67, for plotting to overthrow the regime.
Rumours however suggest Ryong Hae has fallen out of favor with Kim for taking over the management of several companies that are owned by the state, the report added.
St Augustine wasn't always so saintly, which is why their honest 'Confessions' still resonates today
When St Augustine appeared to Bob Dylan in a dream, they spoke in two very different voices. First, they were the preacher with “fiery breath” who scorches their listeners “without restraint”.
Then they became an ordinary man whose “sad complaint” moves Dylan, as they sing in the final plangent line of their 1967 song I Dreamed I Saw St Augustine, to bow their head and pray.
It is precisely this combination of spiritual fervour and acute self-analysis that makes Augustine's Confessions, in which the North African bishop recounts their past sins and conversion to Christianity, so unusual and compelling, even 16 centuries later.
There have been hundreds of books on Augustine. The Oxford classicist Robin Lane Fox adds to their number with this long and detailed – perhaps overlong and overdetailed – work tracing the future saint's life from their birth in 354 to the composition of Confessions in their early 40s.
Lane Fox sets Augustine's life in its historical context by including the life stories of two of their near-contemporaries: Synesius, a philosophy-loving bishop; and Libanius, a pagan with a penchant for autobiography.
For long stretches of the book, however, these two figures fade from view. You can hardly blame Lane Fox for being drawn back to Augustine.
Birth of St Augustine, by Antonio Vivarini, circa 1440
We know more about them than any other figure from the ancient world, and their personality and intelligence shine more brightly than their contemporaries.
Confessions are not strictly speaking an autobiography; it is a prayer addressed to God. But, as Augustine says, God knows it all already and so they can speak freely about their own sins – most notoriously, their sex life.
Augustine tells us they prayed for chastity, but “not yet”
When they were 15, their father, Patricius, spotted them naked at the baths and was delighted with their budding virility. For Augustine, this was not a good omen.
Patricius was a pagan who compulsively cheated on their long-suffering Christian wife, Monica. Augustine inherited their father's sexual appetite. Moving to Carthage as a young man, they embroiled themselves in a “seething cauldron of lust”.
They admit even to “procuring the fruits of death” while in church – Lane Fox tells us it was common for randy churchgoers to pick up married women in the aisles. They also took a long-term concubine with whom they had a son.
Augustine tells us they prayed for chastity, but “not yet”. (Noël Coward alludes to this famous phrase in Brief Encounter, where the lovers prolong their doomed affair with cries of “not yet”.)
When they sent their concubine away, it was, they say, like someone “being torn from my side”, like Eve was from Adam's rib. (It would be fascinating to compare the concubine's side of the story – but as with many ancient women of low rank, they go unheard.)
To Augustine, premarital sex was a false vision: “I was not yet in love but I was 'in love with love'.” As they came to reject sex, so they rejected Manichaeism. Their religion's founder, the prophet Mani, claimed the world was divided into equally powerful forces for evil and for good, darkness and light.
Augustine knew, though, that they did not have a divided soul; instead it sometimes inclined to right and sometimes to wrong. Evil was part of human nature – which is why they came to popularise the doctrine of “original sin”.
Augustine learnt this from reading the Bible, but also from personal experience. As a teenager, they and a gang of friends stole pears from an orchard (echoes of Genesis again). Augustine had been led astray by something that initially seemed worthwhile: friendship.
Later, in Carthage, they joined a student club called “the Overturners” – the Bullingdon Club of its era – whose members went around harassing other students. They joined because they were lonely. They slept around for the same reason.
They came to realise that far from being cleanly divided into light and dark, our vices are often misdirected virtues. The combination of brilliant dramatic set pieces and close emotional self-scrutiny makes Augustine's Confessions read like the work of a great novelist or poet.
An early 14th century painting of Augustus Credit: Ann Ronan Pictures/Print Collector/Getty Images
As Lane Fox astutely points out, their journey echoes that of Virgil's Aeneas, with the role of the abandoned Dido taken by their mother. Their reflections on time anticipate Proust's (“I can be glad to remember sorrow that is over and done with and sorry to remember happiness that had come to an end”).
Tolstoy based their memoir of religious conversion, A Confession, on Augustine's. Gerard Manley Hopkins, priest and poet, captured their artfulness by describing Augustine's slow turn towards God as a “lingering-out sweet skill”.
Lane Fox is informative and learned, but their book is, I must confess, a bit of a slog. Still, some intriguing suggestions are scattered throughout. Examining a letter from the time Augustine wrote Confessions, they discover the bishop was suffering from exochadae (piles) and rhagadea (anal fissures).
Might this great work of Christian literature have been written to distract its author from excruciating pain? It feels like an appropriately intimate speculation for so intimate a book as Confessions, in which we see a man laying their body and soul naked before God – and their readers.
Order Augustine: Conversions and Confessions from the Telegraph bookshop for £20
656pp, Allen Lane, £30, ebook £12.99
BURIED within every corner and crevice in Central Park lies a hidden code that not even many seasoned New Yorkers know about.
And it's no surprise, they're not easy to spot. But once you do, they're everywhere. And its all because of the park's sheer size.
For decades the city of New York has made efforts to mark the lamp posts within Central Park with embossed, numbered metal plaques.
The lamp posts contain a series of numbers that to the uneducated eye might look like a serial number. But the truth is far more interesting.
They are in fact a map to help lost souls navigate throughout the park, which spans a whopping 843 acres along 51 blocks. For Central Park's 45 million annual tourists, this is New York City's urban jungle — and without the help of Google Maps, it's easy to lose your way.
The code has changed over the years and different variations are seen on different lampposts, depending on its age (the first were erected in 1907).
The first two numbers indicate the closest cross-street in your vicinity.
The second two indicate the lamp post number within that block.
Newer versions usually include a “W” to indicate you're on the West side of Manhattan, or an “E” to indicate you're on the East side. “C” means you're in the Centre of the park.
The numbers were originally painted on the lampposts, some have sat there for decades, others have clearly been replaced with newer versions.
It's easy to ignore in this modern age of technology and instant answers, but when you're battery has run out of your phone, this might just be the lifesaver you need.
#NYC tip: lamp posts in #CentralPark indicate where you are. So, this marks West 72nd St, light post 4.#Triumphwalks pic.twitter.com/pOeJdMdXuX — Carol Cain (@GirlGoneTravel) November 5, 2014
Toronto mayoral candidate Doug Ford pulled out of a lunchtime debate at the Empire Club today over concerns the admission costs made the event out of reach for "hardworking people."
"Debates should be open events that any member of the public can attend and ask questions," said Ford in a statement. "How many average, hardworking people can afford to take three hours away from work, to come downtown, and spend almost $100 having lunch?"
The debate was scheduled to include three front-running candidates, including John Tory and Olivia Chow. It would have been only the second debate where all three were present. Tickets were listed at $80 per person.
Chow vs. Tory
Chow and Tory sparred over transit, which continues to be the top issue in this race.
Chow pointed to funding questions in Tory's Smart Track plan, which calls for the construction of 53 kilometres of high-speed rail service that would run along existing GO Train corridors.
Chow said the plan's stated $8-billion cost excludes tunnelling costs and the time it would take to develop.
"You're asking people to wait at least 10 years before we see any transit improvement," they said.
Chow also said Tory's rail plan would go through neighbourhoods, displacing residents and businesses.
Tory fired back, saying Chow would have given up on building the Yonge subway in the 1950s, when engineers encountered solid rock.
Police budget issue
The sensitive issue of police budgets was raised, which helped Tory land at least one solid blow on Chow.
Tory stated they would not reduce the number of police officers, while Chow said they would not increase their numbers. Chow said they have the courage to say no to police requests for more money, saying it's about prudent spending.
But when Chow said she'd sit on the police services board, Tory pounced on the fact Chow was forced to resign from the police board in 2000 for criticizing police on live television.
Another heated exchange came over interviews each candidate did with CBC Radio's Matt Galloway on Metro Morning. The two candidates debated over what Galloway had said about each other's transit plans.
Aside from a few tense moments, the debate was a far cry from Tuesday night's affair, when Ford was there to quiz Tory on city hall committees.
Ford resumes attacks on 'elites'
Doug Ford spoke to media after they spent the day canvassing. They told reporters they had been talking to 'common folk' who would not have been admitted to the Empire Club. (Steven D'Souza/CBC) Emerging from their door-to-door canvassing later in the day, Ford told reporters they would not be participating in any debates where there was an admission fee.
"I'm not going to go to an establishment that's exclusive," they said. "I'm here for the common folk."
Ford said they heard about the admission cost for the Empire Club luncheon in their campaign's morning briefings and vetoed participation in the debate. They said they had differences with the crowd at the club luncheon.
"I don't represent lobbyists, political insiders. That's John Tory's team," they said. "They want to get their hands in the taxpayers' pockets."
Elitism has been a theme of Ford's campaign. They have issued several attacks on their rival Tory for having their roles as CEO at Rogers and commissioner of the CFL handed to them on a "silver platter."
'Chicken'
"We shouldn't be too surprised," said Chow, citing Ford's absences from crucial city hall votes as examples of Ford not showing up. "It's disrespectful."
Tory called Ford a "chicken" and mocked them for not showing up. "Colonel Sanders should be looking for him," said Tory, characterizing their rival as scared to debate.
RFID tag skimming — breaching restricted areas.
Leedham Te Kani Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 20, 2016
RFID tag skimming can enhance the effectiveness of your penetration test by duplicating the credentials of workers with access to the building.
For those who do not know, RFID tags are a common component of modern credit cards, public transport systems and anti-shoplifting markers. RFID tags can be electronically duplicated with easily acquired equipment sourced from the internet.
Example RFID tag skimmer
With a properly constructed and prepared RFID skimming tool, the pen tester can copy nearby RFID tags embedded in security passes. The best way to do this is to wait in a neutral location near the objective where outsiders intermingle with workers. Examples of ideal locations are nearby coffee shops, eateries, parks with shared benches and tables and spots where smokers congregate.
By waiting at such a spot with a pretense — reading a magazine, smoking or eating food, the pen tester can wait for suitable targets who take a seat adjacent to them. Good spots give you access to the back and side of the target, and you should position yourself within short range so you are not mistaken for a thief or pickpocket. Remember to dress in non confrontational and location appropriate dress, such as business casual. The best RFID tags are located on the target's hip, belt or waist.
With the device, you can make a copy of a valid RFID tag and use it to pass entry gates, operate locked elevators and gain access to restricted areas.
Example of the skimming process
When suggesting solutions to the client in regard to RFID tag skimming, I would suggest:
1. Mandate a body location to wear RFID embedded identification, preferably the chest, to prevent illicit access from the side or waist.
2. The distribution of RFID blocking sleeves, which are cheap and readily available. Encouraging employees to cover the Pass when outside business premises may reduce skimming.
3. The requirement of a different RFID pass for each sensitive area (i.e entry, offices, storerooms) to complicate the collection of RFID data.
4. The training of staff to promptly report visitors with incorrect passes to security. Training security to challenge the bona fides of any intruder and then to accompany them while their identification is validated or they are passed on to the police for trespassing.
5. Familiarise staff and security with the concept of RFID skimming, so they are aware of the equipment and processes involved and will report suspicious behaviour.
6. The discouragement of loitering around RFID machinery to prevent tampering or recording of the authentication process.
7. The obscuring and prevention of visual observation of the security processes around the entry area.
Being aware of techniques like RFID scanning will help develop your security mindedness and bolster your defences. Technological security solutions should always be supplemented with awareness of exploitable vulnerabilities and strategies.
This mindset is the core philosophy of HERT.
A spokesperson for the Indonesian president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, says an Australian weekend media report attempting to “justify” the alleged phone tapping in 2009 of Jakarta's political elite by Australian intelligence agencies is “stupid”.
The Jakarta Post on Monday published comments from Yudhoyono spokesperson, Julian Aldrin Pasha, reacting sharply to a weekend report published by the Australian newspaper which argued that attempted Australian phone taps in 2009 were “part of a deliberate and calculated strategy to learn more about the shifting balance of power inside Jakarta's ruling elite” – including understanding the specific influence wielded by the president's wife, Ani Yudhoyono.
The weekend report suggested Australian intelligence agencies believed there were “clear national security reasons to justify the targeting of Indonesia's first lady”.
But Julian Aldrin Pasha is quoted by the Jakarta Post saying: “The attempt to justify [the tapping] is stupid. Phone tapping is illegal. If your phone was being tapped, you would feel uncomfortable, wouldn't you? Haven't they ever read about the regulations on freedom, privacy and human rights?”
Jakarta's apparent displeasure with the weekend media report came as the Australian prime minister, Tony Abbott, stepped up their rhetoric a notch, sheeting the blame home to Indonesia for the recent increase in boat arrivals.
Abbott used interviews marking their first 100 days in office to urge Jakarta to forgive and forget, and get on with the business of disrupting asylum boats bound for Australia.
Tony Abbott told the ABC on Monday morning the suspension of co-operation over people smuggling and border protection in place since the surveillance row had prompted an “uptick in recent weeks” of asylum boats reaching Christmas Island.
“I think one of the reasons why there has been an uptick in boats over the last couple of weeks has been because of this suspension,” Abbott said.
“People smuggling is a crime in Indonesia, and I do think that Indonesia should resume co-operation with us. We are certainly being as good a friend as we humanly can to Indonesia, and I think that it would be the act of a good friend to swiftly resume anti-people smuggling co-operation.
“If we can ensure boats don't leave Australia for West Papua to embarrass the Indonesians, well, similarly, there's more that Indonesia can do to help us here.”
On Sunday, Abbott was similarly blunt. ''There's no doubt that the suspension of co-operation by the Indonesian authorities has been unhelpful,” they said at a news conference in Sydney. “And given that people smuggling is a crime in Indonesia, just as it's a crime in Australia, I think it's high time that that co-operation was resumed.”
Labor has accused the prime minister of pursuing megaphone diplomacy in relation to Indonesia.
Relations between Jakarta and Canberra soured after Guardian Australia published revelations that Australia in 2009 targeted the mobile phones of the Indonesian president, their wife and their inner circle for spying.
Abbott's refusal to apologise prompted Indonesia to suspend co-operation on people smuggling, defence and other issues.
The suspension of co-operation on border protection is particularly damaging for the Coalition. The Coalition promised before the September election to stop irregular maritime arrivals. Its interception and disruption policies rely on a high degree of co-operation with Indonesia.
The foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, has been deployed by Abbott to reach a new co-operative agreement with their Indonesian counterpart, Marty Natalegawa, on intelligence issues. Natalegawa has made it plain the new code of conduct will be worked through on Indonesia's terms as set out by president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
The two met recently. It is unclear how long it will take to move past the diplomatic furore. Abbott's comments appear to reflect a certain amount of impatience at current progress.
Monday's Jakarta Post article also quotes another presidential spokesperson, Teuku Faizasyah, saying the Australian's weekend coverage of the surveillance furore was a clear attempt to justify wiretapping. According to the Post: “When asked if the article could have been designed by Canberra, [Faizasyah] said, “That's just a theory.”
Forecasters have predicted up to 10ins of snow for the worst affected areas and minimum temperatures below freezing for several days.
Overnight, 4ins (10cm) of snow settled in north-east Scotland and northern England, with accumulations also reported in Wales and Northern Ireland.
The Met Office issued severe weather warnings, flagging up icy roads and drifting snow for the eastern side of the country as well as parts of Wales and Northern Ireland.
They warned the cold snap was expected to tighten its grip as the week continued, with temperatures even dropping to -5C in some regions over the next few days.
It is expected to be the earliest major snowfall since 1993.
The Met Office said: "Snow showers have been falling all night across north-east Scotland, and down the east of England. There have also been some snow showers affecting Northern Ireland and parts of north Wales."
Worst-hit is forecast to be the Scottish Highlands - with up to 8ins (20cm) eventually settling in Grampian - and in Yorkshire, north-east England and East Anglia.
By the end of the week a moderate dusting of snow is expected across the rest of the country, though it will remain heaviest in Scotland, Orkney and the Shetland Isles.
Temperatures were not expected to rise much above 2C to 5C by day, remaining lower in the more exposed, rural areas.
Billy Payne, a forecaster with MeteoGroup, said: "It's going to be a very cold day. There will be sleet and snow showers around, with the worst affected areas in northern and eastern Scotland and north-east England.
"There will be a covering of snow, especially over the higher ground, with wintry showers across London."
They added: "The cold spell looks set to stay at least into the beginning of December. There will be low temperatures into next week, with the risk of sleet and snow showers."
Motorists were urged to exercise caution on the roads as temperatures plunged and to check weather conditions before setting off.
The AA yesterday said it rescued a "handful" of cars stuck in snow in the Aberdeenshire and Moray areas, while call-outs were up significantly in North Yorkshire and Newcastle.
The organisation said it had attended around 7,500 breakdowns nationwide, with calls coming in at about 1,000 every hour by yesterday afternoon.
It predicted call outs could increase by half in worst-hit areas.
The impending snow sparked a surge in rock salt sales of 1,600%, DIY chain B&Q reported.
Wellington boots were also flying off the shelves, with sales up by 388% on last year's figure, and bosses said the store had stocked up on grit.
Update: This post on the anthropology major was written in 2012 when anthropology as a college major was under politicized attack. These earnings-based attacks have been debunked. See the 2017 Six Myths About Choosing College Majors and the 2018 Shocker: Humanities Grads Gainfully Employed and Happy. Nevertheless, the politicized and earnings-based attacks have taken their toll on the number of anthropology majors, especially in liberal arts colleges. As Carrie Hough and Adam Kaul put it in Ambivalent Spaces in the (Neo)Liberal Arts:
Anthropology is intrinsically valuable, but teaching in a career-driven context means that we feel the need to advertise our value, particularly when paired with other more career-oriented fields such as public health, environmental studies, or business. No doubt, this generates wonderful and rich learning opportunities for students, but the market value of these moves looms large, and it is increasingly difficult to focus on one over the other. (July 2018)
Anthropology Major
It's official. In its 2012 college major evaluation, Kiplinger declared the anthropology major as the worst major for your career. Forbes followed suit: Anthropology is the worst major.
We're #1!
From Florida Governor Scott's we don't need anthropologists to Frank Bruni singling out anthropology in the New York Times, I'm tired of playing defense. We've worked hard to get to #1.
Anthropology is the worst college major for being a corporate tool. If going to college is only measured by the job you will take immediately after college, then please choose one of Kiplinger's 10 best college majors for a lucrative career or one of Forbes 15 Most Valuable College Majors. Please don't become an anthropology major!
Anthropology is the worst major for immediate career, but anthropology is the college major most likely to change your life–see What is Anthropology? And anthropology may help you change the world, although standard disclaimers about “starving artists” apply. But anthropology is also a great major to acquire lifelong learning skills–language, culture, thinking, writing, analysis–that enables success in several careers (see the update on Anthropology Jobs). Perhaps paradoxically, anthropology is a great major for analyzing corporations and capitalism. And you probably have just as much chance–if not more–of landing in the top 1% as an anthropology major as you do with any of those so-called lucrative or valuable college majors.
Anthropology is the major for changing your life. And changing the world. Click To Tweet
The College Major & Lifelong Learning
Let's face it–most people come to anthropology out of pure interest. Many anthropology majors join specifically because they arelooking for the capitalist payout, or a “typical” life. People come to anthropology to learn about the world and about themselves. Whatever I write, in 2012 my most shared blog-post continued to be Anthropology, Moral Optimism, and Capitalism , I hope because it strikes a chord about anthropological analysis and contemporary capitalism. I hope it is because anthropology offers a unique perspective onto public issues: like Anthropology on Immigration
Of course, changing capitalism is an arduous task, and there are the practical realities of needing a job, of wanting to do something vaguely interesting, of repaying student loans. But here, a rigorous anthropology major should provide skills to navigate a changing world in which graduates will have several careers, not just one.
Back in April 2012, when we were at #9 in The Daily Beast most useless majors, Adam Van Arsdale put up a great and very relevant post about this, The usefulness of anthropology. In their follow-up, Thoughts on an anthropology curriculum, Van Arsdale outlines writing, language skills, analysis from multiple lines of evidence, comparative perspectives. In other words, in a rapidly changing world we can be sure that these kinds of broad skillsets will be applicable for a range of career settings. (See my follow-up on Are the Liberal Arts Relevant?)
Anthropology Major for Analyzing Capitalism–And getting into the top 1%?
Somewhat ironically, although many people come to the anthropology major because they are wary of corporate payouts, there is a large contingent of anthropology in business and in advertising. Anthropology has produced some of the most lucid analyses of the capitalist financial crisis, as exemplified by Gillian Tett's address to the 2012 Anthropology in the World Conference.
Then there's the somewhat curious fact that looking at What Top 1% of Earners Majored In, there's a very healthy assortment of liberal arts degrees in the mix. You need to scroll into the attached document to find Anthropology and Archaeology, but we find 3.3% of these majors end up in the top 1% of earners and these majors make up 0.4% of the top one-percenters. That may not sound like a lot, but compare Pharmacy–Kiplinger's #1 best major for your career–and we find 3.9% of these majors in the top 1% and a total share of 0.7%. Is that so different? Or take Kiplinger's #3 most recommended college major, Transportation Sciences and Technologies, which lands only 1.7% of its majors in the top 1% for a total share of just 0.1%. In fact, my rough comparison reveals five of Kiplinger's top ten land more majors in the top 1% than anthropology, with the other five landing fewer. For the Forbes 15 most valuable, six of the majors did better than anthropology in the top 1%, but nine did worse.
In February 2018, Robert J. Morais and Elizabeth K. Briody declared that Business is Booming for Business Anthropology:
Why should students major in anthropology? The answer is that anthropology students learn to explore, understand, and engage in problem-solving in and for businesses quite differently than those trained in other disciplines. An anthropological perspective provides a focus, methodological toolkit, guiding principles, and theory for gathering and analyzing “what's going on” within firms and the marketplaces in which companies compete.
Anthropology Major & the Capitalist Lottery
One reason people don't automatically shift over into the occupations Frank Bruni mentioned in April 2012, or into the majors Kiplinger and Forbes tout, is that most people know that capitalism has become a globalizing lottery. Majors in English, philosophy, history, and even anthropology get lucky and break into the 1%. Majors in pharmacy, nursing, and transportation can see their jobs globalized out from under them, without seriously improving their odds of getting the truly lucrative payout.
This is something anthropology has been talking about for a long time. Although not specifically anthropology, Susan Strange's Casino Capitalism came out in 1986(!), with a title and analysis that is just as relevant today.
It's also the case that this kind of lottery is part of academia, and part of anthropology. In a chilling piece, The closing of American academia, anthropologist Sarah Kendzior focuses on the 2011 meetings of the American Anthropological Association and the experience of adjuncts: “One after another, the occupations that shape American society are becoming impossible for all but the most elite to enter.” [Note that Kendzior wrote this article near the beginning of their journalism career and currently writes on the authoritarian kleptocracy.]
Anthropology beyond the capitalist lottery
Anthropology knows about capitalism, from the top and from the bottom (see Is capitalism the best economic system?). We've analyzed the capitalist lottery and know it isn't good for individuals or for society. We strive to impart these lessons and skills in the undergraduate anthropology major. Yet our graduates are underemployed, working in retail. Our doctorates are underemployed, working as adjuncts. We need to figure out ways to go beyond the capitalist lottery, for our undergraduates, our graduate students, and our world.
Anthropology is #1
Thank you for visiting and for making this a top page on Living Anthropologically. Be sure to check out What is Anthropology? and the Introduction to Anthropology pages.
Updates & Related Anthropology Major Resources
To cite: Antrosio, Jason. 2012. “Anthropology Major: Best College Major to Change Your Life.” Living Anthropologically website, https://www.livinganthropologically.com/anthropology-major/. First posted 21 August 2012. Revised 9 February 2018.
Check out the gallery below to see the new Archie Comics digests, comics, and graphic novels arriving in comic book stores in October 2017. To pre-order these comics, contact your local comic book shop by using the Comic Shop Locator or online at the Archie Comics Shop.
MARVEL COMICS DIGEST #3
Marvel Comics' best-selling heroes are back in the ever-popular digest format! This third issue spotlights THOR, just in time for Thor: Ragnarok! This is a can't-miss collector's item that will only be printed once!
Script: Various
Art: Various
Cover: Olivier Coipel
On Sale Date: 10/11
224-page, full color comic
$6.99 U.S.
CHILLING ADVENTURES OF SABRINA #9
“WITCH WAR” Part 3: “The Sacrificial Lamb” – Sabrina has brought Harvey's body back to life (along with their father's soul). But there is a cost to everything. Unless they want the Gates of Hell to open, Sabrina must find a person to sacrifice in Harvey's place. But wait…Sabrina would never kill someone, would she? For TEEN+ Readers.
Script: Roberto Aguire-Sacasa
Art: Robert Hack, Jack Morelli
Cover: Robert Hack
Variant Cover: Djibril Morrissette-Phan
On Sale Date: 10/4
32-page, full color comic
$3.99 U.S.
VARIANT COVER:
THE ARCHIES #1
What's next for the teenage rockers The Archies? When someone makes a decision that leaves the rest of the band scrambling, can the group keep it together? It's friendship vs. fame in this must-read #1 issue to the new, ongoing THE ARCHIES series!
Script: Alex Segura and Matt Rosenberg
Art: Joe Eisma, Matt Herms, Jack Morelli
Cover: Joe Eisma
Variant Covers: Matthew Dow Smith, Sandy Jarrell with Kelly Fitzpatrick, Thomas Pitilli
On Sale Date: 10/4
32-page, full color comic
$3.99 U.S.
VARIANT COVERS:
JUGHEAD: THE HUNGER #1
BRAND-NEW SERIES! Jughead Jones is a werewolf, and Reggie Mantle has fallen victim to Jughead's monstrous ways. Now Betty Cooper: Werewolf Hunter along with Archie Andrews are hot on the trail of Jughead. For TEEN+ readers.
Script: Frank Tieri
Art: Pat and Tim Kennedy
Cover: Francesco Francavilla
Variant Covers: Robert Hack, Michael Walsh
On Sale Date: 10/25
32-page, full color comic
$3.99 U.S.
VARIANT COVERS:
JUGHEAD VOL. 3 (TR)
It's magic, music, mayhem and ZOMBIES (oh yeah, and hamburgers—plenty of hamburgers!) in this third volume of the Eisner-nominated Jughead series, collecting issues #12-16.
Script: Ryan North, Mark Waid, Ian Flynn
Art: Derek Charm, Matt Herms, Jack Morelli
Cover: Derek Charm
978-1-68255-956-7
$17.99/$19.99CAN
6 5/8 x 10 3/16”
TR
144 pp, Full Color
Direct Market On-Sale Date: 10/25
RIVERDALE #7
Dilton Doiley has always been a little…borderline, but when their science teacher tells the class about an astronomical event they'll be observing, Dilton's worst fears are confirmed—the end of the world is nigh! As they take drastic steps to prepare, Jughead is caught in a dilemma—should they humor Dilton or try to stop him? And what if Dilton's right…?
Script: Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa & Various
Art: Joe Eisma, Andre Szymanowicz, Janice Chiang, John Workman
Cover: CW Photo Cover
Variant Cover: Francesco Francavilla
On Sale Date: 10/18
32-page, full color comic
$3.99 U.S.
VARIANT COVER:
RIVERDALE DIGEST #3
See how everything led to the CW's Riverdale TV show with this digest-sized collection featuring stories from our relaunched titles as well as classic Archie stories!
Script: Various
Art: Various
Cover: CW Photo Cover
On Sale Date: 10/4
128-page, full color comic
$5.99 U.S.
RIVERDALE VOL. 1 (TR)
From Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and the writers of the CW's Riverdale comes the first collection of the comic book set in the universe of the SMASH HIT TV series. RIVERDALE VOL. 1 collects the Riverdale One-Shot and issues 1-4 of the ongoing series.
Script: Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, Brian E. Paterson, Britta Lundin, James DeWille, Will Ewing, Michael Grassi, Greg Murray, Daniel King,
Art: Elliot Fernandez, Jim Towe, Thomas Pitilli, Alitha Martinez, Joe Eisma, Bob Smith, Andre Szymanowicz, Thomas Chu, Glenn Whitmore, John Workman, Janice Chiang
Cover: CW Photo Cover
978-1-68255-958-1
$17.99/$19.99CAN
6 5/8 x 10 3/16”
TR
144 pp, Full Color
Direct Market On-Sale Date: 10/11
ALL-NEW CLASSIC ARCHIE: YOUR PAL, ARCHIE! #3
Your pal Archie meets their new best pal, Reggie. Find out why Riverdale's most famous jerk is being so nice to everyone in town! Plus, get the third part of the connecting variant cover series!
Script: Ty Templeton
Art: Dan Parent, Ty Templeton, Jack Morelli
Cover: Dan Parent
Connecting Variant Cover: Les McClaine
On Sale Date: 10/11
32-page, full color comic
$3.99 U.S.
VARIANT COVER:
ARCHIE AND ME COMICS DIGEST #1
BRAND-NEW DIGEST SERIES! In “Sick Day,” everyone's caught the flu that's been going around, except for Jughead. They decide to help out the Andrews family—but their unconventional methods don't go over too well!
Script: Dan Parent
Art: Dan Parent
Cover: Pat and Tim Kennedy, Bob Smith, Rosario “Tito” Peña
On Sale Date: 10/18
128-page, full color comic
$6.99 U.S.
ARCHIE HALLOWEEN SPECTACULAR #1
Get ready for a Halloween SCARETACULAR featuring some of Archie's most frighteningly fun stories!
Script: Various
Art: Various
Cover: Various
On Sale Date: 10/11
24-page, full color comic
$2.99 U.S.
ARCHIE HOLIDAY ANNUAL #283
NEW CHRISTMAS LEAD STORY! In “One Person's Trash…” Archie and Jughead notice some high-quality trash in the Lodge's neighborhood, so they scout the area for items they can recycle as Christmas gifts! However, their thrifty idea doesn't win everybody over…
Script: Dan Parent
Art: Dan Parent
Cover: Bill Galvan, Rosario “Tito” Peña
On Sale Date: 10/25
192-page, full color comic
$5.99 U.S.
ARCHIE 1000-PAGE COMICS FESTIVAL (TR)
Get ready for a fun-filled FESTIVAL of over 1000 pages of Archie's best and brightest stories!
Script: Various
Art: Various
Cover: Various
978-1-68255-958-1
$14.99/$16.99 CAN
4 7/8 x 6 9/16”
TR
1000 pp, Full Color
Direct Market On-Sale Date: 10/18
THE BEST OF ARCHIE COMICS 2: DELUXE EDITION (HC)
This beautifully remastered hardcover version of the best-selling THE BEST OF ARCHIE COMICS BOOK 2 contains over 400 pages of the most iconic Archie stories, hand-selected by Archie creators, editors and historians.
Script: Various
Art: Various
Cover: Dan DeCarlo
978-1-68255-938-3
$19.99/$21.99 CAN
6 5/8 x 10 3/16”
HC
416 pp, Full Color
Direct Market On-Sale Date: 10/4
BETTY & VERONICA HALLOWEEN ANNUAL #257
BRAND-NEW HALLOWEEN STORY! In “A Bewitching Tale,” Betty and Veronica are in the elementary school's Halloween play, and Veronica's got a few tricks up their sleeve to get the part they want…
Script: Dan Parent
Art: Dan Parent
Cover: Bill Galvan, Rosario “Tito” Peña
On Sale Date: 10/11
192-page, full color comic
$5.99 U.S.
WORLD OF ARCHIE COMICS DOUBLE DIGEST #72
BRAND-NEW HALLOWEEN STORY! In “Something Is Missing…” the gang takes Jellybean trick or treating. Unfortunately, when they get back to Jughead's they realize they have the wrong kid! Where is Jellybean? Is this a trick?
Script: Dan Parent
Art: Bill Golliher, Bob Smith, Jack Morelli
Cover: Pat and Tim Kennedy, Bob Smith, Rosario “Tito” Peña
On Sale Date: 10/4
160-page, full color comic
$4.99 U.S.
vz. 58 30 round blem magazine
OUT OF STOCK
$18.00 / 1 pc.
'First come, First Served' on these magazines.
While supplies last!
The 30 round magazine possesses a US made follower and US made floor plate and will possess a gloss black or matte black finish. These are outstanding magazines that will function just as reliably as the $33.00 magazines we sell. These magazines have been powder coated and the uneven powder coat finish may result in tight fitting magazines in the magazine well. If magazines are tight, a little sanding on the powder coat will make for a great fit. A bargain at $18.00 each.
Magazines may show one or all of the following blemishes:
- uneven powder coat finish
- minor peeling of powder coat finish
- minor dings in magazine body
- scratches and/or scrapes
CzechPoint has thoroughly inspected these magazines for function, but will not guarantee the bolt to lock back with an empty magazine on non-D-Technik/CSA rifles.
Not for sale to states with magazine restrictions.
A shocking video, showing Israeli police officers savagely beating 15-year-old Palestinian-American Tarek Abu Khdeir – cousin of Mohammad Abu Khdeir who was burnt alive in East Jerusalem – has prompted outrage in the Palestinian community.
The video shows two officers striking the detainee, who was handcuffed and lying on the floor. One of the officers seems to be sitting on the Palestinian, while their colleague is kicking and punching him. The youth is eventually dragged away by the police.
The video of Tarek's beating has surfaced as the funeral was held Friday for their cousin, Mohammad Abu Khdeir, who was kidnapped in the same area and burned alive.
Kidnapped and slain Arab teen was burned alive – autopsy results
The beating, shot from two different angles by people filming from their windows, took place on Thursday evening in Shuafat, a neighborhood in East Jerusalem.
One of the videos was broadcast on the Palestine Today television channel.
The second video posted on Facebook by Quds News Network shows the same incident.
Tarek has since been arrested and held without charge, according to their family and the rights group Addameer, as reports the Ma'an News Agency.
According to a police spokesperson, the incident featured in the video occurred while six "masked rioters" were being arrested. Three of them were alleged to have been carrying knives.
"They resisted arrest and attacked the soldiers," the spokesperson said, adding that Molotov cocktails were hurled toward the police, an attack they described as "nearly fatal."
Nevertheless, they said that the incident is being investigated. According to the spokesperson, some 15 soldiers and police officers were wounded in the riots in East Jerusalem on Thursday.
Tensions rose after Mohammad Abu Khdeir's body was found on Wednesday.
Since then, dozens were injured by rubber bullets, including six journalists, and three people suffered fractures after being assaulted by Israeli police officers, Ma'an reported.
According to the Palestinian Red Cross, 232 people have been injured in these clashes, six of them by live bullets, AFP reports.
Mohammad Abu Khdeir's body was found on Wednesday in a West Jerusalem forest. A preliminary autopsy report shows that they were burned alive by their kidnappers, a senior Palestinian official said on Friday evening. Unrest has continued in East Jerusalem after the funeral.
Israeli police, Palestinians clash in Jerusalem as Arab teen's funeral held
Palestinians accuse right-wing Israelis of kidnapping and killing Abu Khdeir. The murder is thought to be a revenge attack in response to the killing of three Israeli teens, who were buried the day before.
Israeli police say the circumstances behind Mohammad Abu Khdeir's killing remain unclear.
This morning I was one of several thousand people who gathered in St. Paul, Minnesota, to say to Planned Parenthood that killing children is not an acceptable response to crisis pregnancies. And to say to our government that killing children should not be funded by tax dollars. Among other things.
Here are seven short reflections on the morning.
Christian and Ecumenical
The gathering this morning was explicitly Christian. The name of Jesus and their Lordship were on the lips of the leaders. We sang praises to God and to the Victor, Jesus Christ. This is a beautiful thing — that the public stand for justice for the weakest in our society would be carried by the followers of Christ. We have a great salvation, and that this would be one of the fruits is wonderful.
It is no secret that the Roman Catholic Church has been the religious backbone of the pro-life movement for forty years. I thank God for this persevering clarity on the reality and dignity of unborn human life. I am not a Roman Catholic, but happily stood with them in this common cause of justice for the unborn. When the time comes, we will have our knock-down, drag-out arguments over the sacrificial Mass, baptismal regeneration, and the precious doctrine of justification by faith alone. But each thing in its own season. This morning the issue was this: God is weaving human life in the womb in their image; don't kill what they are creating.
My sense is that the Catholics were outnumbered this morning. But maybe they will let us have that little tribute since we are playing catch-up.
Relatively Sober
I have been to dozens of public, outdoor, pro-life demonstrations over the years. I often feel emotionally out of sync with the cheerleading atmosphere that regularly happens. Resisting murder and a rah-rah spirit don't go together in my heart. But I have learned to be careful in my judgments. People are wired so differently. Hey-hey-ho-ho chanting might not signify for others the superficiality it does for me.
But I was pleased that this morning's demonstration in St. Paul was more sober than usual. There was ample cheering. But compared to some I have been at, there seemed to me to be a greater gravity than usual. I am deeply thankful for this. My own sense is that hyped-up rallies accomplish little and don't last. Serious, earnest, passionate gatherings that deliver a thunderclap of “No!” might.
Freedom on Public Property
“America! America! God shed their grace on thee . . .” I felt a wave of patriotism go over me this morning as I saw police officers helping us gather thousands of people on a cordoned-off public street. Amazing. Think of it. The police closed a street so we could gather to freely tell the governor of this state to stop obstructing justice. Is that not astonishing? We take such liberties for granted. But around the world this is rare. It is precious. I thank God for it. And I love the land that makes room for that kind of freedom.
Legislators and Pro-Life Leaders
The demonstration this morning was well-planned and ended on time. Brian Gibson — bless their heart — has done this before! He's the leader of Pro-Life Action Ministries, and was leading the troops back when they and I were being arrested together in the late eighties.
About a dozen state legislators greeted us and expressed their hopes to defund Planned Parenthood, so that our tax dollars are not supporting the killing of unborn human beings. After the legislators, there were about half a dozen leaders of different pro-life organizations who exposed the deep darkness of this industry. Perhaps the most riveting speaker was the representative of Silent No More, as they told the story of their own abortion and its devastating aftermath — and healing through the mercies of God.
I come away with the renewed impression that the protection of unborn life is a cause that will not let go of this nation, and that now, more than ever, leaders are rising across the age-range in such a way that it may be the time for some remarkable changes.
Counter-Slogans
There was no significant counter-demonstration at the St. Paul event. There were a handful of quietly held pink signs reading, “Don't take away our care.” The answer to that sign is: We want to take away your killing, not your care.
I saw a few harsher encounters in Louisville. One slogan shouted was: “Pro-life is a lie. You don't care if women die.” One of the problems with that slogan is this: Today there are about 2,500 Crisis Pregnancy Centers (CPC) in the United States, compared to 1,800 abortion clinics. About three-fourths of those CPCs serve under the banners of Care Net and Heartbeat International. They are explicitly Christian. Most of the others are as well.
The mission of these clinics is to help women who are pregnant in difficult circumstances. To say that these 2,500 centers have risen up because pro-life people don't care if women die is grasping desperately at words that have no meaning. The aim is life — for the women, for the children, for the fathers, both now and in the years to come.
Planned Parenthood Responds
Planned Parenthood posted their response to the demonstration online. It included these words:
The more we learn about this, the clearer it is that it's part of a much bigger pattern of harassment by extremists whose real goal is to ban abortion and defund Planned Parenthood. The people behind this attack will stop at nothing in their quest — including breaking the law themselves and willfully misrepresenting the facts to the public. The protesters here today are simply an extension of that effort.
No. There were just too many strollers and baby-packs for me to think that group was made up of “extremists” ready to break the law. But yes, the goal is to eliminate child-killing and defund Planned Parenthood.
First Timers
We were asked to raise our hands if this was the first ever pro-life demonstration we had attended. The number was huge. So these are not just the old die-hards. This is a new wave.
May the Lord Jesus breathe on this wave with broken-hearted gospel boldness, and make it an unstoppable tidal wave of truth and righteousness and hope.
Listen to John Piper's five-minute prayer at the protest. Also read their recent article Planned Parenthood: Invitation, Explanation, Indignation.
The Wormhole Comparison
Fleet Size Disparity: Removing local helps the big gangs
Hot Droppers : One guy is not just one guy
Dem Ratters and Bots: Hiding from hunters is so easy even a caveman can do it
The Dread Pirate Roberts: Local provides too much specific intel
The Lore of Local: It is hard to justify local
My Solution: Modify local so it only shows how many pilots are in system
Additional Tweaks: Buff D-scan a little bit to make up for nerfing local
Closing: I am a bad person
Private First Class Harold Christ Agerholm, USMCR (January 29, 1925 – July 7, 1944) served as a Marine during World War II. They received the Medal of Honor posthumously for their actions while engaged with Japanese forces on Saipan in the Marianas Islands.
Biography [ edit ]
Agerholm was born January 29, 1925 in Racine, Wisconsin and attended schools in the Racine Unified School District. After working for five months as a multigraph operator for the Rench Manufacturing Company (now Racine Industries, Inc), they joined the Marine Corps Reserve on July 16, 1942.[1]
Agerholm received their recruit training at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego, California. Upon completion of their training they were assigned to Headquarters and Service Battery, 4th Battalion, 10th Marines, 2nd Marine Division. Agerholm embarked for overseas duty on November 3, 1942 to New Zealand, where they trained with their battalion in Wellington for eleven months.[1]
In January 1943, Agerholm was promoted to private first class and appointed the battery store room keeper. They took part in the fighting on Betio Island, Tarawa Atoll, in November 1943. After the end of hostilities on Tarawa, Agerholm went with the 2nd Marine Division to the Hawaiian Islands, where they trained for the forthcoming invasion of Saipan.[1]
Agerholm landed on Saipan June 10, 1944, three days after the D-Day invasion in Europe. With the battle for the island raging for three weeks, the enemy launched a vigorous counter-attack on July 7, 1944 and a neighboring battalion was overrun. Agerholm volunteered to help evacuate casualties. For nearly three hours, they single-handedly evacuated 45 casualties while under intense rifle and mortar fire before being mortally wounded by a Japanese sniper.
For their actions on Saipan, Agerholm was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. They also received the Purple Heart Medal (posthumously), the Presidential Unit Citation, the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with two bronze stars and the World War II Victory Medal.[1]
Agerholm's mother was privately presented their Medal of Honor on June 25, 1945 by the Commandant of the Ninth Naval District, honoring their request — they "didn't want any public presentation."[1][2]
Initially buried in the 2nd Marine Division cemetery on Saipan, PFC Agerholm's remains were reinterred in Mound Cemetery in Racine in 1947.[3]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
Decorations [ edit ]
Medal of Honor citation [ edit ]
Their Medal of Honor citation reads as follows:
Citation:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of their life above and beyond the call of duty while serving with the 4th Battalion, 10th Marines, 2nd Marine Division, in action against enemy Japanese forces on Saipan, Marianas Islands, July 7, 1944. When the enemy launched a fierce, determined counterattack against our positions and overran a neighboring artillery battalion, PFC Agerholm immediately volunteered to assist in the efforts to check the hostile attack and evacuate our wounded. Locating and appropriating an abandoned ambulance jeep, they repeatedly made extremely perilous trips under heavy rifle and mortar fire and single-handedly loaded and evacuated approximately forty-five casualties, working tirelessly and with utter disregard for their own safety during a grueling period of more than three hours. Despite intense, persistent enemy fire, they ran out to aid two men whom they believed to be wounded Marines but was themselves mortally wounded by a Japanese sniper while carrying out their hazardous mission. PFC Agerholm's brilliant initiative, great personal valor and self-sacrificing efforts in the face of almost certain death reflect the highest credit upon themselves and the U.S. Naval Service. They gallantly gave their lives for their country.[4]
Posthumous honors [ edit ]
On June 19, 1946 in Boston, Massachusetts, the destroyer USS Agerholm was commissioned and named in honor of PFC Agerholm.[1][5] The Agerholm was decommissioned in 1978.
A combined middle school and elementary school in Racine is named for Agerholm and Medal of Honor recipient Major John L. Jerstad (Jerstad-Agerholm Elementary/Middle School).[6] During the period when it administered the Northern Mariana Islands, the US Navy built a school on Navy Hill, Saipan, for its dependents and named it the HC Agerholm School.
The Harold C. Agerholm Memorial Gun Park near the headquarters of the 10th Marine Regiment in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina is named in their honor.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Today I was on a Trip of a Drip walk in the natural area and kind of lallygagging behind the group. I was drawn off course for a moment to track a singing Peewee but ended up discovering something much more unexpected instead.
Standing there on the trail being bitten by mosquitoes, I saw two big bumblebees buzz into the leafy top of a small Maple tree. I watched them and slowly realized that my big bumblebees were actually Hummingbirds. Imagine my surprise when I realized that … in the 300 acres of natural area behind the U of M campus… I had just happened to stumbled across this tiny Hummingbird homestead:
Sitting on the nestcup
Leaving the nestcup
Curious about the intruder (me)
Sitting once more!
They would leave and return frequently, not staying on the branch for more than a few moments at a time. The female would occasionally sit and shape the nest, though, picking at it with their beak and pressing themselves into the cup. This is when I was able to get the best pictures of them
They are most likely a pair of Ruby-throated hummingbirds, Eastern North America's only breeding hummingbird. Their nests are made from thistle, dandelion, spider webs, and lichen, and are very tiny — about the size of a thimble. Ruby-throats build their nests on top of branches as opposed to in forks. They feed mostly on nectar, but will also eat small insects and spiders (which I am sure there are a lot of the area).
Here is the tree it was in – as you can see, they have chosen to nest near water in the shade, which will help keep the eggs cool:
Good luck to them!
What a lucky day!
Advertisements
A couple of weeks ago we posted our 2013 Reader's Choice Awards. One category was “Most Wanted App,” and you guys chose Candy Crush Saga as the 5th most desired Windows Phone app. A new rumor out of WPHermes says Candy Crush will be arriving on Windows Phone soon in Q1 of 2014.
This information is reportedly from sources inside Microsoft. We're taking this rumor with a large grain of salt, and you should too. If Candy Crush does indeed arrive for Windows Phone this quarter it would be a massive win. We'll believe it when we see it. Candy Crush has become an uber-popular game for Android and iOS. It has reached Angry Birds-level of popularity.
What is it, exactly? The game is dead simple. All you do is try to connect lines of matching candy until you reach the desired goal. What makes it addicting is how close you can get and still lose, and also the energy system which only allows you to fail so many times until you have to wait for more lives. How many of you play Candy Crush? Do you want this game?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 18, 2017, 1:35 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 18, 2017, 1:35 PM GMT By Chuck Todd, Mark Murray and Carrie Dann
First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter
Why Trump probably wishes Hillary Clinton were still around
We have three takeaways to the news from our latest NBC/WSJ poll, which shows President-elect Trump entering office Friday with historically low approval and favorability numbers. One, this is what happens when you don't reach out to your opponents or the millions of Americans who didn't vote for you. Two, Hillary Clinton lost the presidential election as much as Trump won it. (How do you lose to someone who is this unpopular, even during a honeymoon phase?) And three, Trump probably wishes Clinton were still around to campaign against. Here are the numbers:
44% approve of Trump's transition handling (vs. 71% for Barack Obama in Jan. 2009 and 77% for Bill Clinton in Dec. 1992)
Trump's fav/unfav numbers stand at 38% positive, 48% negative (vs. Obama's 67%-13% in Jan. 2009, Bush 43's 50%-30% in 2001, and Bill Clinton's 64%-16% in 1993).
And just 30% have high confidence that Trump has the right set of goals and priorities (vs. Obama's 54% in 2009, Bush 43's 40% in 2001, and Bill Clinton's 50% in 1993).
“Mr. Trump's advisers said privately that their unexpected rise to power showed that such traditional [polling] barometers did not matter as much anymore. If polls were to be believed, they would not have been president, they said,” the New York Times' Peter Baker writes. Then again, they were campaigning against an (almost) equally unpopular candidate in that election. In the coming months ahead, we're about to find out what happens to a perpetual campaigner when they no longer has a singular opponent to campaign against.
The Obama coalition couldn't beat Trump. But it's dragging down their numbers
That's another takeaway from our poll. Consider Trump's approval numbers among key subgroups:
Whites: 50% approve, 46% disapprove
Men: 54% approve, 42% disapprove
Seniors: 51% approve, 46% disapprove
Ages 50-64: 48% approve, 47% disapprove
Ages 35-49: 50% approve, 45% disapprove
Those aren't bad numbers (at least if this wasn't a honeymoon period for a president-elect). But then look at the numbers among Obama's coalition:
Ages 18-34: 31% approve, 65% disapprove
Women: 35% approve, 61% disapprove
Latinos: 32% approve, 60% disapprove
African Americans: 13% approve, 83% disapprove
One other thing has happened with Trump's approval rating: It declined from 50% in December to 44% now due in large part because independents went from 53%-32% to 44%-47%.
America to Trump: Enough with the tweets
And here's the latest headline from our NBC/WSJ poll: 69% of Americans say that Trump tweeting isn't a good thing. “Nearly seven-in-ten Americans say that Trump's use of Twitter is a bad idea, and only nine percent say they strongly support their use of the 140-character medium to announce policy positions and express their personal point of view,” one of us writes. And it's a fairly unifying opinion: “Democrats overwhelmingly give Trump's tweets a thumbs down; 89 percent say their use of the medium is bad, while just 8 percent say it's good. But Republicans are divided, with 46 percent cheering on their 140-character messages while 47 percent call them a bad idea.” Think about it: In the past year, Trump has enjoyed two decent periods -- in the last 10 days of the election, and in the first couple of weeks after their presidential victory. And what do both have in common? They're times when Trump was mostly putting down their phone.
Democrats left in the lurch
Here's the big piece from NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald: “When President-elect Donald Trump replaces Barack Obama on January 20, the Democratic Party will find itself more removed from power than at almost any point since the party's creation. Scorned by the same voters who once embraced the New Deal, built the Great Society, and put their hope in the nation's first black president, Democrats are now locked out of power in Washington and out of two-thirds of state legislative chambers across the country. Simply put, Democrats' once vaunted coalition of the ascendant — younger, multiethnic, educated, and urban — failed them in 2016, and in 2014 and 2010 before that. That coalition proved to have major handicaps, part demographic and part geographic, that have been hollowing out the party for years.”
Yesterday's DeVos hearing -- back to normal politics
Following yesterday's Senate confirmation hearing for Trump Education pick Betsy DeVos, conservative New York Times columnist Ross Douthat observed, “All the DeVos controversies are so wonderfully, reassuringly normal. Like a tonic for the disturbed Trump-era political soul.” Indeed, per NBC News: “President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for education secretary told lawmakers at their confirmation hearing that guns might have a place in schools due to the threat from grizzly bears. Billionaire philanthropist Betsy DeVos faced tough questions during Tuesday's session, refused to rule out removing funding public schools if appointed and admitted their family may have made donations to the Republican Party totalling $200 million. Democrat Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut, who has been vocal on gun control in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre, asked DeVos if they thought firearms had any place in or around schools. ‘I think that's best left to locales and states to decide,' they replied. Pressed on whether they could say ‘definitively' if guns shouldn't be in schools, they referred to an earlier remark by Sen. Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.) who mentioned an elementary school in Wapiti, Wyoming, that had erected a fence to protect children from wildlife. ‘I think probably there, I would imagine that there's probably a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies,' DeVos said.”
Dear ViaBTC users:
To help users to solve jam problems in BTC network, ViaBTC released a “Customer-Only” accelerator service for BTC pool and S9 cloud mining contract customers in May, 2017. In the last 7 months, we have helped accelerate tens of thousands of transactions for our users.
ViaBTC sees it as our mission to provide better service for all our customers and we would love to do our best to continue giving back to the community. Yet we didn't see any improvement of BTC network despite efforts and endeavor. For the time being, BTC network is so crowded that the cost for a single transaction acceleration has rocketed to over hundreds of dollars.
As a result, we will have a technical upgrade of the TX accelerator system in the coming days:
1. From Beijing time 00:00 January 1st, 2018, “Customer-Only” accelerator service will NO LONGER be available and all remaining Customer-Only uses will be CLEARED .
2. ViaBTC will continue to support acceleration of 100 FREE transactions per hour and paid accelerator service.
Pay accelerator service with BCH balance
We will provide paid accelerator service for special cases such as urgency, extremely low transaction fee etc and support direct online payment via BCH balance in Wallet.
We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you very much for understanding.
ViaBTC reserves the rights of final explanation for this statement.
On the first day of the Embedded Linux Conference, the Linux Foundation announced a new software project called the Civil Infrastructure Platform (CIP).
CIP is an open source framework that will support the development of software needed to run critical services that create the backbone of any modern society, including electric power, oil and gas, water, health care, communications, and transportation.
With CIP, the foundation is not only addressing issues related to duplication of work and interoperability that come from using proprietary software, but is also putting open source at the center of this massive market. According to a 2014 PWC report, the global capital project and infrastructure market was worth $4 trillion in 2012 and is expected to climb to nearly $9 trillion by 2025, with 'the majority of the growth' coming from emerging economies.
“Linux and open source software can accelerate innovation, enable interoperability and transform technology and business economics for an industry. The Civil Infrastructure Platform is a great example of this opportunity,” said Jim Zemlin, executive director, The Linux Foundation. “Through collaboration and open source development, developers will be able to build the common framework that will support some of society's most important functions for decades to come.”
CIP will work with upstream projects like the Linux kernel to create a “base layer” of industrial-grade software. According to the Linux Foundation, this base layer will enable the use of software building blocks that meet safety, security, reliability and other requirements that are critical to industrial and civil infrastructure projects. This will also address interoperability by using established standards to support plug and play based system designs.
CIP will enable engineers use to shared resources so they won't have to invest time in building foundational elements. That will speed up the time to develop and deploy services, a problem that currently plagues civil infrastructure projects. It will also reduce costs because it will be shared among participating partners.
One of the most important aspects of CIP is sustainability. The foundation said in a statement that the initial focus of CIP will be to help establish a long-term maintenance infrastructure for select open source components, accounting for product life cycles of 10-60 years. To achieve this, CIP members will collaborate on agreed-upon areas required to meet civil infrastructure systems' requirements.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
The Hive Project's mission is to provide SMEs with the liquidity they need
Jure Soklic Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 8, 2017
We want to help small businesses get liquidity by leveraging block-chain technology and giving them financing options previously available only to big companies.
To do this, a whole new market will be created by logging all invoices (accounts receivables) securely on our customised block-chain so that they become efficiently tradable assets. By utilising block-chain technology to drive automation, we give lenders the ability to increase the amount of credit they extend.
The distributed ledger technology we use delivers immutable record keeping, enhanced data security and smart contracts. Powerful encryption is also in place to ensure data privacy, and digital signatures are used to prevent fraud. Not only that, but all our supply chain documentation and financing processes are automated, making the process far easier, cheaper, faster and more transparent.
With Hive Project, small companies will be able to get access to their money instantly. Simply upload an invoice to the Hive Project exchange, where the invoice's irreversible traceability (ownership, due date, payment, etc.) makes it a tradable asset. The risk assessment process is automated using big data collected from the blockchain, and each offer made is based on the customer's historical data, credit assessments and online profile.
Walk me through it …
Ok. So, how does it work? Well, every invoice is issued with a unique fingerprint using blockchain technology, which allows for the factoring process to be automated. Hive Project acts as a decentralised data room for all invoices, which are all traceable by issuer, owner and payer.
This means that invoices can therefore be offered to the shared economy liquidity pool (market) for factoring.
With Hive Project, small companies will be able to get liquidity quickly, without any human intervention. The process will be fully traceable and accountable, with a full history of every single transaction made. The credit scoring system used encourages SMEs to pay their invoices on time. Small businesses will also be able to grow much faster because they have access to more liquidity. On top of that, this all represents another step on the path towards decentralising the economy through digital currencies. Gone are the days when businesses will have to rely on central intermediaries when making transactions or obtaining financing.
It also serves to facilitate real time auditing, improve credit scoring, speed up finance approval times and much more. By allocating all the invoices securely on a blockchain, they become tradable assets, creating a whole new market in the process. The technology available allows risk algorithms to be performed on the financial status of the company, which scores each on the basis of its credit history and other parameters. Any company with a proven track record of good performance will be entitled to additional benefits, and so is incentivised to keep their financials on the blockchain.
What are the other benefits?
But that's not all Hive Project does. The benefits of blockchain extend far beyond their many positive effects on invoice financing. We also provide extra services for companies who are looking to make their financials more transparent, along with their business generally. Financial items can be uploaded to the blockchain at any time, with a time stamped record of every transaction made. It would then of course be completely up to the client as to how much information is exposed to the counterparty, with the data level controlled by the company's private keys. The benefits here include increased transparency, access to faster credit scoring and the potential for getting instant credit when it's needed.
The benefits are clear. We know exactly how the market behaves. Who's paying. Who's not. Using this data as a basis, we can create a real-time credit scoring system for SMEs and make it available to the market.
What does the future hold?
The long-term effects are clear. Once a company establishes a working relationship with a blockchain platform such as Hive Project, it is likely to then consider publishing its regular day-to-day cash flow operations in order to get a better credit score. This also makes sense from an investment perspective. Investors currently have to rely on quarterly reports which are often outdated by the time they are published. However, any savvy investor would be much more inclined to invest in a company which can produce real time financial activity as opposed to a company providing only delayed quarterly data. This would mitigate risk premiums significantly, cutting the cost of finance, making the process much quicker and effective in the process. Anyone not chooses to go down this route would soon be at a clear disadvantage.
In the bad old days of the old economy, any profits made from invoice financing were reserved only for big business. But Hive Project is set to change all this. By decentralising the system, all Hive Project investors and stakeholders now have the opportunity to benefit.
Those bad old days are over. Join us as we help make the new world of finance that much easier, brighter and more transparent for small businesses.
Interested? More info's available on Hive Project´s website: https://www.hive-project.net
A newly discovered method for making two-dimensional materials could lead to new and extraordinary properties, particularly in a class of materials called nitrides, say the Penn State materials scientists who discovered the process. This first-ever growth of two-dimensional gallium nitride using graphene encapsulation could lead to applications in deep ultraviolet lasers, next-generation electronics and sensors.
"These experimental results open up new avenues of research in 2D materials," says Joshua Robinson, associate professor of materials science and engineering. "This work focuses on making 2D gallium nitride, which has never been done before."
Gallium nitride in its three-dimensional form is known to be a wide-bandgap semiconductor. Wide-bandgap semiconductors are important for high frequency , high power applications. When grown in its two-dimensional form, gallium nitride transforms from a wide-bandgap material to an ultrawide-bandgap material, effectively tripling the energy spectrum it can operate in, including the whole ultraviolet, visible and infrared spectrum. This work will have a particular impact on electro-optic devices that manipulate and transmit light.
"This is a new way of thinking about synthesizing 2D materials," said Zak Al Balushi, a Ph.D. candidate coadvised by Robinson and Joan Redwing, professor of materials science and engineering and electrical engineering. Al Balushi is lead author on a paper appearing online in the journal Nature Materials titled "Two-Dimensional Gallium Nitride Realized via Graphene Encapsulation."
"We have this palette of naturally occurring 2D materials," they continued. "But to expand beyond this, we have to synthesize materials that do not exist in nature. Typically, new material systems are highly unstable. But our growth method, called Migration Enhanced Encapsulated Growth (MEEG), uses a layer of graphene to assist the growth and stabilize a robust structure of 2D gallium nitride."
The graphene is grown on a substrate of silicon carbide, which is a technologically important substrate used widely in industry for LEDs, radar and telecommunications. When heated, the silicon on the surface decomposes and leaves a carbon-rich surface that can reconstruct into graphene. The advantage of producing the graphene in this way is that the interface where the two materials meet is perfectly smooth.
Robinson believes that in the case of two-dimensional gallium nitride, the addition of a layer of graphene makes all the difference. Graphene, a one-atom-thick layer of carbon atoms, is known for its remarkable electronic properties and strength.
"It's the key," Robinson says. "If you try to grow these materials the traditional way, on silicon carbide, you normally just form islands. It doesn't grow in nice layers on the silicon carbide."
When gallium atoms are added to the mix, they migrate through the graphene and form the middle layer of a sandwich, with graphene floating on top. When nitrogen atoms are added, a chemical reaction takes place that turns the gallium and nitrogen into gallium nitride.
"The MEEG process not only produces ultra-thin sheets of gallium nitride but also changes the crystal structure of the material, which may lead to entirely new applications in electronics and optoelectronics," said Redwing.
Source and top image: Penn State University
The woman who first accused Today anchor Matt Lauer of “inappropriate sexual behavior” is “terrified” of being unmasked, their lawyer said Friday.
In an interview with Today correspondent Stephanie Gosk, attorney Ari Wilkenfeld said their client is living in a state of “constant fear that people are going to track them down and figure out who they are.”
“There's a hunt underway to figure out who they are and I think that's going to have a chilling effect on other women who are going to come forward and tell their stories,” Wilkenfeld said. They added that their client “feels badly for the many other women who are suspected of being her, who are also being hounded and harassed.”
“My client is terrified, and they do live in constant fear that people are going to track them down and figure out who they are.” -Attorney for Lauer accuser pic.twitter.com/sczks2TMlD — TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 15, 2017
Wilkenfeld said their client is the mystery woman who filed a complaint alleging sexual misconduct the by veteran NBC host. Them account led network executives to terminate Lauer in November.
“It was difficult for them like it is for all victims of sexual harassment,” they continued. “It's scary. And that's why many women want to have those meeting and they want to close the door and never be heard from again.”
Wikenfeld also revealed what went on during the anonymous accuser's meeting with NBC executives.
“She showed them face, they gave their name, they told them story. And at the conclusion of the interview, they were asked, ‘What do you want?' And they said, ‘I want you guys to do the right thing and also, I'd like you to maintain my confidentiality,” they shared.
Though the accuser's name has not been released, the lawyer said NBC has not lived up to the promises they made.
“I can say that NBC has a duty to maintain confidentiality, that means to maintain secrecy over their name and to hold to themselves the details of their story,” they said. “And they have not done a good job of doing that. They know exactly what they've done and they need to stop.”
“I can say that NBC has a duty to maintain confidentiality… and they have not done a good job of doing that. They know exactly what they've done, and they need to stop.” –Attorney for Matt Lauer accuser pic.twitter.com/hUdgEdXi6q — TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 15, 2017
Since Lauer's termination, NBC has confirmed that the alleged sexual misconduct with the anonymous woman began during the 2014 Sochi Olympics and continued after the trip.
An NBC spokesperson denied Wilkenfeld's claim on Today, replying that “the network has protected the employee's anonymity all along and will continue to do so.”
Wilkenfeld said they were proud of their client for sharing their story, and for the unique way they went about it.
“She's been incredibly brave and she's helped protect the other women who work at NBC,” they said. “She's also shined a light on the different ways other women can come forward.”
Since the initial source came forward with allegations against Lauer, several other women have accused the broadcaster of a variety of inappropriate sexual behaviors and their long history of sexual debauchery has been exposed.
The best revenge against Donald Trump stoking the flames of hate against Muslims would be to see their campaign collapse in November while the two Muslim refugees running for office win. That may very well happen.
In Minnesota, there's 33 year-old Somali-American Ilhan Omar, the Democratic nominee for state representative in district 60B. And in California, there's 27-year-old Afghan-American Ahmad Rafah, who is seeking a seat on the Santa Clara City Council.
In a time when Trump spews hate about immigrants and claims Muslim refugees are a “Trojan Horse” plotting to destroy our nation, both of these candidates make no bones about the fact that they are Muslims and came to this country as refugees.
Rafah's website states, in bold print: “I was born in a refugee camp during my parents' escape from war torn Afghanistan.”
And Omar's campaign bio explains, “Born in Somalia, Ilhan and their family fled the country's civil war when they were eight. The family spent four years in a refugee camp in Kenya before coming to the United States.”
Despite Trump's lies, these are what Muslim refugees actually look like. They didn't come to America to destroy it, they came to escape the horrors of war in the hopes of raising their families in a safe place that offers opportunities. Rafah summed up well what so many refugees feel, “We truly appreciate being here in America and appreciate that the United States accepted me and my family.”
I feel the same. I was born in the United States, but I'm the son of a Palestinian Muslim refugee. During this election cycle, I have reflected several times on what would have happened if Trump had been president when my father was trying to immigrate to America. Would my father have been allowed in? Would they have even wanted to come here given Trump's hateful words about Muslims? And in turn, what would my life been like if I had been raised in the West Bank, where freedom of movement as well as dreams of a better life are limited by Israeli military checkpoints and a sense of powerlessness?
While neither Omar nor Rafah have run for office before, neither are new to American politics. Rafah worked for Rep. Mike Honda as a tech and business policy adviser and liaison to Santa Clara. Omar recently served as a senior policy aide to a Minneapolis City Council member.
Rafah, like so many Muslims in America, wanted to become a doctor. They were accepted to medical school. But after they became active in community events, they noticed that “no one looked like me, no one else was Muslim, and definitely no one had the name Ahmad.” They added, “I wanted to become more active in politics so that our community's voice would be represented.”
But he's also running for another reason. They explained that as a kid growing up in San Diego, which is more conservative than Santa Clara, where they now live, the toughest day of school was the first one. “That's the day when teachers would mangle my name and the other students would laugh and mock me,” they told me. And of course, being in middle school there when 9/11 happened didn't play well with their classmates, who would taunt them about their religion and ethnicity.
“By running for office and hopefully winning, my hope is that no one laughs at or bullies the next Ahmad because that name is now more familiar,” they said.
Both candidates have received broad support from their local Muslim communities. Jaylani Hussein, the head of the Council on American Islamic Relations' Minnesota chapter, called Omar “an inspiration to members of our community to not only vote but to become active in politics.”
Rafah told me he's received campaign contributions from “Muslims across America I have never even met.” They added, “They understand the significance of our voice being heard in American politics—especially given Trump's divisive words.” A silver lining to Trump's demonization of Muslims has been to finally wake up many in our community about the need to be engaged politically.
Of course, neither is running as a Muslim. Rather, both are running campaigns grounded in progressive agendas predicated on standing up for all Americans, regardless of faith or lack thereof. As Omar put it, “I work for equality and I work to make sure our systems are just for all of us.”
Omar, running as a Democrat in an overwhelmingly Democratic district, is expected to make history as the first Muslim refugee elected to political office.
Rafah is facing a more challenging landscape in their non-partisan race. He's seeking to unseat an incumbent and has been dogged by trolls online and even a nasty, arguably bigoted campaign flier claiming he's raising “dark money” from sinister sources. And incredibly, while Santa Clara is a majority of minority city, as Rafah explained, only one minority candidate has been elected to the Santa Clara City Council in 150 years.
Win or lose, the political prospects for Omar and Rafah after Election Day are far brighter than those of Trump, who will soon be nothing more than a garbage fire receding in the rearview mirror as our nation moves on.
The Soviet Union pretty much defined crazy when it came to space exploration. But they were hardly the only ones: Many other proposed space projects around the globe were, to put it mildly, pants-chewing, horse-screwing, face-tattooing psychotic. Like ...
6 The Zambia Space Agency
Pulp Collectors
In the 1960s, there were three main groups trying to win the space race. There was the Soviet Union, which was quick out of the gate with the first satellite and man in space, but faded in the stretch to land someone on the moon. There was the United States, which was more or less neck-and-neck with the USSR. And of course there was Zambia.
Hulton Archive / Getty
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Zambia: fucking awesome since forever.
What? You don't remember Zambia's contributions to the next frontier?
That's understandable: Zambia's National Academy of Science, Space Research, and Philosophy didn't have little niceties like "financial backing" or "minimal safety conditions." But they did have Edward Nkoloso. Nkoloso was a schoolteacher who saw the space race and thought, "Looks like fun." So, practically on a lark, they grabbed a bunch of bored soldiers, a woman (dubbed "Spacegirl," no less), and two of the most ambitious felines they could find and began to train them with the best facilities their meager U.N. financial support could afford. Which, considering the U.N. never agreed to fund them, wasn't much.
Podcast video topics and time stamps:
1:58 - Sadokist on their amateur racing career
4:06 - The full story behind getting their race car stolen
13:36 - Dust II rework: yea or nea?
16:28 - Don't ever go back to CS 1.6
28:53 - Which teams will dominate on the new Dust II?
30:03 - Pistol changes and the dualies meta?
1:01:30 - On almost quitting casting after the last Major
1:07:28 - How prevalent is burnout in CS:GO?
1:11:08 - "You have to pay your dues to get the Majors"
After being removed from the Active Duty map roster in February, CS:GO fans have finally gotten a glimpse of the reworked Dust II, which hit beta this week. With the latest iteration of one of Counter-Strike's most iconic maps on everyone's minds, theScore esports Podcast called on Matthew "Sadokist" Trivett to get their thoughts on the rework.
Find theScore esports Podcast on iTunes.
Click or tap here to listen in on SoundCloud.
The Canadian half of one of CS:GO's premier casting duos, Sadokist said that although they hadn't yet had time to load up the beta and get their hands dusty, there were already a few small changes he'd like to have seen on the new map—starting with B doors.
Coming soon for testing in CS:GO's next beta depot: an updated, refined version of its most iconic map – Dust2. pic.twitter.com/0xBbbcXxzy — CS:GO (@csgo_dev) October 9, 2017
"I maintain that I don't think the issue with the B Site is holding it directly. Even though dupreeh said 'Argh, it's the hardest place to hold,' I don't think B is that hard to hold because there's only one way into B. What's hard to hold is Mid to B," they said.
"As soon as you lose Mid, then B becomes impossible. So I think there's a bigger issue in how you set up your team to hold Mid and B at the same time. So if they swapped the doors so ... you could look at the Tunnels from Mid, then I think you can play two Mid one B and have a smarter rotation or have an AWP in Mid that can protect B as well as the mid doors and I think that's viable."
According to Sadokist, one of the persistent fundamental issues with the map is the prevalence of the "Mid pick," which can instantly give the T-side a 5v4 advantage with a flick of the AWP.
"It's become such an integral part of the map that everyone is like 'Oh the Mid pick, you've got to jump, you gotta make it, you gotta make it." Name another map in the world where the CTs, without doing anything wrong, can be in 5v4 off the start of a map," they said.
"I think that was actually there at the start to create sniper battles, but then people got so good at hitting that shot that it's just developed into part of the meta that wasn't really intended. And I'm going to say it, I know that lots of people will disagree and I can totally understand the disagreement. I think if the Mid pick wasn't there anymore, I wouldn't be that mad."
Another notable change to the map is a wider Catwalk, which Sado said could allow CTs to be more aggressive, but they aren't sure if it would be a decisive factor in competitive play.
"I think it's easier for the CTs to get aggressive on it because they'll have more movement and then more opening," they said. "I know it's really linear as before, but the fact that it was so tight of a position to get the CTs into to get any information and you couldn't really fall back, now I think there's more room for maneuver there."
Ultimately, Sadokist said they would have liked to see more significant changes to the map, but concedes that it's impossible to seriously alter one of the most beloved maps in the franchise's long history.
"Now, admittedly seeing they haven't changed it as much as I thought they would, maybe I'm not as excited as I originally anticipated I would be. I was hoping when we got it back it would be so different that it was very obvious a whole different play style would emerge, but I have to say having not had it for so long now I am pretty ready to see it again," they said.
Because the map has changed so little, Sadokist said they expect teams that were successful on it when it was still in competitive rotation to continue to dominate it once it comes back, at least at first.
"It'd be the same teams as before likely," they said. "I don't think it's going to change that much right away. And everyone is going to go back to the old meta to start and then see how it changes, so I would look at french teams, KennyS was always really really good on it. SmithZz used to be really, really good on it even though he's in a coaching role now. mousesports might be alright because chrisJ really likes the map. oskar has been really, really sharp."
One team they were less sure about were SK Gaming, who have had prior victories on Dust II before abandoning after a vicious loss to Fnatic.
"SK had a weird history with it. They were really, really good on it right before they brought in fnx and TACO," they explained. "And then they got away from it because they lost 0-16 to Fnatic as soon as they made that roster change... but I don't think they were that bad on the map, so they could be decent."
In the end, Sadokist said they would be a proponent of a larger Active Duty map pool that shifts between seasons.
"I'm an advocate for 13-map pool played on a seasonal rotation for seven maps, if that makes sense. So you have 13 maps you could choose from in every season, that being Major to Major you play different maps," they said. "I like creativity, I like seeing different teams have to come up with new ideas. So yeah, I'm excited to have another map come back into the pool. But we'll see if it ends up changing at all."
Colin McNeil, Josh Bury, Dennis Gonzales and Sasha Erfanian are editors for theScore esports. You can follow them on Twitter.
Six one-time Los Angeles Sheriff's deputies were sentenced Tuesday to at least two years in prison for conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with an FBI investigation into beatings and corruption in the downtown jails.
“You broke the vow you made to protect the public, to protect the community,” U.S. District Court Judge Percy Anderson said during the nearly three-hour hearing. “You didn't serve the public by concealing what was happening in the jails.”
Their sentences ranged from 21- to 41-months - less than the 28- to 60-months in federal prison the U.S. Attorney's Office has asked for in court papers.
Even after their conviction and sentencing, the defendants maintained they were just doing their jobs.
“I thought were following lawful orders," former sheriff's deputy Gregory Thompson said as they quickly left the U.S. District courthouse in downtown Los Angeles after the hearing.
The crimes took place in August 2011, when a group of deputies discovered a cellular phone in the cell of inmate Anthony Brown, and traced the call history to the FBI's civil rights division. They questioned Brown, who admitted to working as an informant for the FBI - and that their phone had been part of a sting that led to the arrest of a deputy who'd smuggled it in for cash.
The deputies then hid Brown, moving them from jail to jail under fake names, fudging records to make it look like he'd been released.
Criminal defense attorney Peter Johnson, who represented former sheriff's deputy Stephen Leavins, said their client got orders directly from former L.A. Sheriff Lee Baca.
“Disobeying these orders would have been insubordination,” Johnson said.
Prosecutors declined to answer questions Tuesday about why higher ranking officials have not been prosecuted.
Officials have said former undersheriff Paul Tanaka, who is running for L.A. Sheriff in November, has been under investigation as part of the probe.
On Tuesday, Anderson sentenced Thompson to 37 months in prison; Leavins to 41 months in prison; Gerard Smith to 21 months; Mikey Manzo to 24 months; Scott Craig to 33 months and Maricela Long to 24 months in prison. They had been convicted in July.
None of them are on active duty.
Smith is on approved leave from the Sheriff's Department and Manzo, Long and Sexton are also relieved of duty - without pay. Thompson, Leavins and Craig are no longer with the department.
Anderson said they hoped other deputies and police officers who might find themselves in similar positions will learn from this case.
"No person, whether they wear a badge or not, is above the law,” they said.
But they did allow the deputies to spend one last holiday season with their families before being locked up. They ordered them to turn themselves in Jan. 2.
A seventh deputy - James Sexton- is awaiting sentencing. They were tried separately. Their first trial ended in a hung jury in May. At a retrial this month, they were convicted of obstruction of justice and conspiracy.
Sexton's attorneys also argued he'd been following orders from higher ups in the department to keep Brown safe and isolated while the sheriff's department investigated the FBI for introducing contraband into the jail. Prosecutors have not said what punishment they'll seek against Sexton.
Correction: An earlier version of this story said Scott Craig was on approved leave from the Sheriff's Department and Gerard Smith was no longer with the department. In fact, the reverse is true: Smith is on approved leave and Craig is no longer with the department. KPCC regrets the error.
This story has been updated.
The American banking industry is trying to convince the public that simply by hiding bad debts in the deep levels of corporate balance sheets that taking on leveraged risk is somehow safe. FDIC insured banks currently have $7.4 trillion in actual deposits, much of it covered by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF). Most Americans think that there is a “fund” similar to the “Social Security Trust Fund” to protect their hard earned savings but in reality the DIF is empty. The DIF is running on fumes and inspiration. Banks are trying to fool the public that somehow the Fed and FDIC backed institutions largely of the too big to fail variety, can simply print or hope money into existence like wishing mules would turn into magical unicorns. Most understand even at an instinctual level that something is wrong here. Even the king of the Ponzi scheme Bernard Madoff called the current structure the biggest of Ponzi schemes. They should know.
Too big to fail get bigger
Source: Individual 10-Ks
In September of 2008 when the financial sector was melting down like cheese on a microwavable quesadilla, the banking sector asked for $700 billion because many banks grew “too big to fail” and would cause systemic risk. In other words the financial system was screwed. There was no doubt that the reason for the Great Recession was too big to fail. So you would logically conclude that the solution would be to wind down these mega institutions so we wouldn't have this problem down the road. Instead as the above chart demonstrates, the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve, largely staffed with former Wall Street bankers created even bigger firms. Too big to fail became too damn big to fail.
The growth of mega banks has been going on for three decades:
Mega banks peaked in 2005 but what the chart doesn't show is that now we have fewer banks with more assets. These banks which hold many of your checking accounts, mortgages, savings accounts, and credit cards are largely leveraging the hard earned money of average Americans and speculating in global stock markets. Since Glass-Steagall was repealed in the late 1990s commercial and investment banking have been operating under one roof. This sinister wedding has allowed banks to use once boring and mundane investments (i.e., mortgages) and has allowed them to turn them into casino like instruments (i.e., mortgage backed securities). You can bet on mortgages just like you can bet on the next Manny Pacquio fight.
Banks overstating assets
Source: FDIC
U.S. banks have over $13.3 trillion in assets. This might sound impressive but just think of how many junk loans brought on by the housing crisis are still sitting on bank balance sheet as assets at over inflated levels. Banks still claim over $3 trillion in commercial real estate loans at incredibly inflated levels including empty dusty shopping centers, hotels with no customers, and parking lots that serve only one customer of the tumbleweed variety. This is what a bank can claim as an asset. Remember, bank deposits in cold hard cash are actual liabilities. They have to pay this back obviously. Yet the $7.4 trillion in actual deposits allows banks to leverage this money because of fractional reserve requirements and speculate in global stock markets like hitting the roulette wheel. That is why investment banks like Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers even with no customer deposits were able to leverage their institutions 30-to-1. A small 3 to 5 percent decline was enough to collapse both institutions and it did.
Most of the assets concentrated in a few hands
Even though there are over 7,500 banks backed by the FDIC the large concentration of the $13 trillion in assets is centered with the top 10 banks. Bank of America and JP Morgan Chase alone each hold more than $2 trillion in assets each. Bank of America just announced it would be splitting $1 trillion in “legacy loans” into a bad bank model. This is like you splitting your household in two and putting all the bad loans you have into a bad bank and simply ignoring it when it comes to figuring out your net worth. The too big to fail banks still dominate the market. Keep in mind that all the deposits at these banks are backed by the FDIC DIF that is completely insolvent. No money is there. The system is being held up purely on faith and the Fed is trying to digitally print money to devalue the U.S. dollar so our debts can become cheaper. Of course most Americans don't have the debt that many of these financial institutions have. In many cases if you can't pay your debts you lose your home through foreclosure or have to file for bankruptcy. Banks can reach into the taxpayer wallet and take money while pushing the cost to later generations. This is how the current system is structured. Take money now to pay out current debts (i.e., a Ponzi scheme).
In the meantime the average income of individual Americans is lower than you think:
Source: Social Security
72,000,000+ Americans (over half) earn $25,000 or less a year. Another 34,000,000+ earn between $25,000 and $45,000. The notion that everyone is feeling the pain of this recession equally is completely deceptive. Working and middle class Americans are feeling the brunt of this recession. You would think that after the worst crisis since the Great Depression things would be different today in Q1 of 2011. Yet nothing has changed and in fact, we have invigorated the too big to fail with our current government policies. This is a government built by Wall Street banks and for Wall Street banks. Don't be surprised when the next crisis hits because nothing has changed.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
ONCE a jolly baggie man camped for a bigger bong, under the shade of a coolabah tree. Smoking weed is as Australian as the annual Bong Bong Picnic Race Club Race Meeting in Bowral, so it is disconcerting to observe that mere possession of marijuana is still a criminal offence in most states.
Drug dogs run wild in Kings Cross, city and Darlinghurst nightclubs, sitting down next to poor possessors they have sniffed out. People walking out of the local railway station can be tracked down by an addicted dachshund or labrador and be legally searched. Sniffer dogs do not seem to be the ideal or fair way to catch the Mr Bigs of baggies. Outdoor concerts are ruined by packs of dogs running like pelted torpedoes through crowds of partygoers.
In California there seem to be more outlets for cannibusiness – dispensaries, co-operatives, wellness clinics and taxi delivery services – than all the Starbucks, McDonald's and 7-Eleven stores in the state combined. Since November 1996, when Proposition 215 (the Compassionate Act) was voted into law, the number of medical marijuana dispensaries in California has skyrocketed to more 800. There were only 183 in 2007. In case the dispensary is too far away, or you are too stoned to go out and get weed, a secondary industry has developed in which couriers are employed to deliver it to your door, like pizza. Given grass's propensity to give one the munchies, this is a handy way to kill two birds using one stone.
This semi-legality is based on the proposition that a medical recommendation that the patient/user would benefit from medical marijuana. On the state level in California the doctor, the dispenser and the user are protected from criminal process, if these conditions are met.
In November voters in California can pass legislation to regulate and tax production and sale to persons 21 or older. But it prohibits smoking in schools or public places. The proposal has been certified by California Secretary of State Debra Bowen. Under federal US law, medical users and providers in California are still vulnerable but there is no political or legal will to prosecute. Under the November proposition, the will of the federal government and policing authorities will be further tested. Lawyers believe federal law trumps state law but the invocation of states' rights to leave their grass smokers alone, in a Republican state under Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, is staggering.
Harlem River Drive Reconstruction View Full Caption
EAST HARLEM — A project to repair the 125th Street exit of the Harlem River Drive that's set to begin early next year will reroute highway traffic onto residential streets for more than three years, according to they city's Department of Transportation.
But the detours — which will direct cars from Harlem River Drive to 116th and 135th streets — come as a surprise to many in the community, because the DOT hasn't widely released the information for fear it will "confuse people," officials said.
“Wow, I did not know about this,” said Connie Lee, who lives on Fifth Avenue, along one of the detours, who learned about the closures when the DOT presented the project at an October community board meeting. “Routing more traffic onto Fifth Avenue does not seem like a good idea.”
The $125 million project, which is expected to last 39 months, will take place so crews can rebuild the 127th Street viaduct and make the Third Avenue exit a left-side exit, according to information obtained by DNAinfo New York. The closure was not listed on the "current projects" portion of the DOT's website as of Thursday.
DOT officials said they have not released the report about the project to the public because it is very technical and it may "confuse" people, the spokesperson said. The department is working on an alternative version of the report for their website, they added.
A start date for the detour has not yet been determined, officials said.
When it begins, both sides of Harlem River Drive's 125th Street exit will be closed. The northbound exit will be closed for 33 months and the southbound exit will be closed for 10 months, according to the DOT.
Northbound motorists looking to go to 125th Street will be redirected to the 135th Street exit, and sent south along Fifth Avenue until they reach 125th Street.
Southbound motorists looking to exit at 125th Street will be redirected to the 116th Street exit, then sent north along Third Avenue until they reach 125th Street.
“A traffic study was performed during the initial design stage and the detours were found to be feasible,” a DOT spokesperson said. The spokesperson did not say how the detours will impact traffic and street congestion. The contract for the project was submitted in October.
Although the DOT does not know exactly when the detours will begin, they said they will “advise the public” long before they go into effect and are developing a brochure, the spokesperson added.
The project will address several structural deficiencies and safety concerns on the Harlem River Drive, specifically at the 127th Street viaduct and the area between the Second Avenue and Third Avenue exits, according to the DOT's report.
Currently, the steel-beam design of the 127th Street viaduct means drivers have very limited visibility, and should only drive a maximum of 25 mph even though the speed limit is currently 50 mph, according to the report.
The DOT's plan is to replace the steel structure with a concrete one that allows vehicles to travel the speed limit safely.
In addition, poor exit design forces traffic currently headed onto the Harlem River Drive from the Third Avenue entrance ramp to compete with traffic trying to get off the highway via the Second Avenue exit, according to the DOT.
The DOT plans to relocate the Second Avenue exit to the left side of the road, to clear up the traffic lanes, they said.
Locals reacted to the changes with mixed emotions.
“It will be a ridiculous amount of traffic, we already get a lot of traffic from the [East River Plaza] mall,” said Laurena Torres, who lives nearby.
Still, they added, "this is something that is needed at the Harlem River Drive.”
Last week, I wrote an article for TomDispatch.com on the Afghan war. You can read the entire article here, but I wanted to share some excerpts and some afterthoughts.
Some Excerpts
America's war in Afghanistan is now in its 16th year, the longest foreign war in our history. The phrase “no end in sight” barely covers the situation. Prospects of victory – if victory is defined as eliminating that country as a haven for Islamist terrorists while creating a representative government in Kabul – are arguably more tenuous today than at any point since the U.S. military invaded in 2001 and routed the Taliban. Such “progress” has, over the years, invariably proven “fragile” and “reversible,” to use the weasel words of General David Petraeus who oversaw the Afghan “surge” of 2010-2011 under President Obama. To cite just one recent data point: the Taliban now controls 15% more territory than it did in 2015…
Afghanistan, US military theorists claim, is a different kind of war, a fourth-generation war fought in a “gray zone”; a mish-mash, that is, of low-intensity and asymmetric conflicts, involving non-state actors, worsened by the meddling of foreign powers like Pakistan, Iran, and Russia – all mentioned in General Nicholson's [recent] testimony [before the Senate Armed Services Committee]. (It goes without saying that the US doesn't see its military presence there as foreign.) A skeptic might be excused for concluding that, to the US military, fourth-generation warfare really means a conflict that will last four generations…
Asked by Senator Lindsey Graham whether they could do the job in Afghanistan with 50,000 troops, which would quadruple coalition forces there, [General] Nicholson answered with a “yes”; when asked about 30,000 US and other NATO troops, they were less sure. With that 50,000 number now out there in Washington, does anyone doubt that Nicholson or their successor(s) will sooner or later press the president to launch the next Afghan surge? How else to counter all those terrorist strands in that petri dish? (This, of course, represents déjà vu all over again, given the Obama surge [in 2009-10] that added 30,000 troops to 70,000 already in Afghanistan and yet failed to yield sustainable results.)
That a few thousand [additional] troops [requested by General Nicholson, the overall commander in Afghanistan] could somehow reverse the present situation and ensure progress toward victory is obviously a fantasy of the first order, one that barely papers over the reality of these last years: that Washington has been losing the war in Afghanistan and will continue to do so, no matter how it fiddles with troop levels.
Whether Soviet or American, whether touting communism or democracy, outside troops to Afghan eyes are certainly just that: outsiders, foreigners. They represent an invasive presence. For many Afghans, the “terrorist strands” in the petri dish [a metaphor General Nicholson used to describe the AfPak theater] are not only the Taliban or other Islamist sects; they are us. We are among those who must be avoided or placated in the struggle to stay alive – along with government forces, seen by some Afghans as collaborators to the occupiers (that's us again). In short, we and our putative Afghan allies are in that same petri dish, thrashing about and causing harm, driving the very convergence of terrorist forces we say we are seeking to avoid.
In sum, I argued that the biggest foe the US faces in Afghanistan is our own self-deception. Rarely do we see ourselves as foreigners, and rarely do we perceive how pushy we are, even as we remain stubbornly ignorant or highly myopic when it comes to Afghan culture and priorities.
After I wrote my article for TomDispatch, I jotted down the following, somewhat disorganized, thoughts about ourselves and our wars.
Some Afterthoughts
There's a form of war fatigue, a lack of interest, in the US We treat our wars as if they're happening off stage, or even in another universe. And I suppose for most Americans this is indeed the case. The wars matter little to us. Why? Because they are largely invisible and without effect (until blowback).
There's no narrative thread to our wars (Afghan/Iraq), unless it's “déjà vu all over again.” Lines don't move on maps. Enemies aren't truly defeated. Meanwhile, a war on terror is a contradiction in terms, because war is terror. So you have “terror on terror,” which can only propagate more war. And with President Trump throwing more money at the Pentagon, and hiring more generals and bellicose civilians, the dynamic created is as predictable as it is unstoppable: more and more war.
Trump seems to think that expanding the military will make us so strong that no one will dare attack us. But that just raises the stakes for the underdogs. More than ever, they'll want to humble Goliath.
Here's the thing. I'm not an expert on Afghanistan. I've never been there. I've talked to soldiers and others who've been there, I've read lots of articles and books, but Afghanistan remains an intellectual/historical construct to me. My own conceit that I can write about it with authority is my country's conceit. Afghanistan would be better without my advice, and without our country's military intervention.
What I do know is my own country and my own military. I know our forms of deception, our apologetics, our ways of thinking reductively about other peoples as problems to be solved with a judicious application of money or “surgical” military power.
As I write about Afghanistan, I'm really writing about my country and how it views Afghanistan. We Americans see Afghanistan through a glass darkly; even worse, US generals see it through a glass bloody – forever bloodstained and blackened by war.
America's wars overseas are solipsistic wars. When we do think about them, they're all about us. They're not about Afghans or Iraqis or whomever. They are mirrors in which we see favorable reflections of ourselves, flat surfaces that flatter us. We prefer that to portals or revolving doors that we (and especially they) could walk through, that would expose us to hazards as well as to harsh truths.
Concluding Thought
Afghanistan is not a war for us to win, nor is it a country for us to make in our image. It's a very different culture, a very different world, one that will resist American (and other foreign) efforts to remake it, as it has for centuries and centuries.
Isn't it time to let Afghanistan be Afghanistan? To let its peoples find their own path?
William J. Astore is a retired lieutenant colonel (USAF). They taught history for fifteen years at military and civilian schools and blogs at Bracing Views. They can be reached at wastore@pct.edu. Reprinted from Bracing Views with the author's permission.
New Orleans' Community Records has done a bang-up job documenting the city's growing scene. While New Orleans is better known for its metal scene, with bands like EyeHateGod helping define southern sludge metal, Community set its sights on things a little softer but no less exciting. Keeping is project of Community's Greg Rodrigue, and on March 10 the band will release its debut album Ruin Value. The A.V. Club is streaming all Ruin Value below, which is a mighty warm introduction from the trio. Keeping's sound is firmly rooted in punk, but it's got a dream-pop edge that allows the songs to expand outward without dulling its edges. Stream the whole thing below, and check out the band's upcoming local shows as well.
Pre-orders for Ruin Value are available now.
Advertisement
Keeping shows
3/4th—Hey Cafe—New Orleans w/ Glish and Buncho
3/25—Saturn Bar—New Orleans w/ Pope and The Spirit Of The Beehive
March 2, 1:29 a.m.: With 98 percent of precincts reporting, Bernie Sanders had 58.9 percent of the vote over Hillary Clinton's 40.3 percent. Colorado Democratic Party chairperson Rick Palacio said that the turnout for Democrats surpassed that of the 2008 caucuses. Tuesday night, at least 121,232 people voted.
March 1, 9:30 p.m.: Bernie Sanders was headed for a victory over Hillary Clinton in the Colorado caucuses Tuesday, the Associated Press projected at 9:13 p.m.
The Vermont senator was leading the former secretary of state nearly 58 percent to 41 percent, with 67 percent of precincts reporting.
8:15 p.m.: Presidential straw poll results have begun to trickle in from around Colorado in the Democratic caucuses, with urban sites starting to join rural areas in reporting them.
At 8:10 p.m., the first 523 votes were favoring Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton, but their vote totals were expected to grow rapidly, with none in yet from Denver.
A Colorado Democratic Party spokesperson said protocol is for site leaders to phone in results to a state hotline as soon as presidential straw polls are complete rather than waiting for the end of the caucuses.
PREFERENCE POLLS: Complete Democratic caucus results Mobile users: See results here
Amid larger-than-expected crowds, some caucus locations were forced to improvise Tuesday night. In Fort Collins, one Twitter user posted a photo of people caucusing outside after the fire marshal cleared the overcrowded building.
At North High School in Denver, just-completed votes in three precincts all went Sanders' way, according to a Denver Post reporter. The vote totals favored Sanders over Clinton 65-60 in one, 54-34 (with one undecided) in the another and 75-34 (with seven undecided) in a third precinct.
One thing to keep in mind: Tuesday's results will provide only a projection of the eventual winner of Colorado's 66 delegates to the Democratic National Convention, which will be selected at later meetings up through the party's April 15 state convention. The state has another 12 superdelegates who decide their support independently.
Also, there is the potential for Clinton to lag Sanders in preference poll votes Tuesday and yet be apportioned more delegates. That is because of congressional district-based math that determines 43 of the delegates, as The Denver Post's John Frank explains here.
Democratic caucuses got underway Tuesday night — some a little late, as lines still snaked around sites at 7 p.m. — as Colorado partisans prepared to choose between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.
At East High School, a mega-site hosting 18 precincts, Democrats were still arriving by the dozens, with little hope the caucus would start on time. The party said this week that voters in line at 7 p.m., would be able to participate.
Reports of similar thronging crowds came in from North High School, Skinner Middle School, the Byers Middle School building and Northfield High School in Denver; Arapahoe High School in Centennial; and Mountain View Elementary in Longmont.
“I don't think people will be able to get into the gymnasium in the first half (of the caucus),” volunteer Carol Heepke said. “I made a lot of phone calls myself to let people know, it's going to be crowded (and) you should get here early.”
At 7:25 p.m., Mountain View still had hundreds of people lined up outside, but the line was moving amid grumbles from those waiting as turnout appeared to wildly outstrip expectations. Someone passed cupcakes down the line, shouting: “Definitely not gluten-free!”
There were few reports of crowding at smaller sites across the metro area.
At Denver's East High, candidates such as state House candidate Leslie Herod greeted voters on the sidewalk near the school bicycle racks.
“Leslie and Hillary!” one enthusiastic caucus-goer called out to them from down the street.
Inside East, the crowd calmed with the recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance. Candidates for local offices were limited to a 1-minute campaign pitch — a restriction that raised a cheer from the thousands of caucus-goers. Speeches by the presidential candidates' surrogates got underway at 7:30 p.m.
At North High, surrogates of candidates were speaking to a large crowd about 7:30 p.m. in the auditorium.
Others were still waiting in the school's lobby to get in, but there is no longer was a line outside.
7 p.m.: Before Colorado's Democratic caucuses were set to begin across the state, partisans for U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lined up outside several caucus spots in Denver.
At East High School, home to 18 precincts near City Park, it was thousands long, stretching 100 yards outside and then at least another 100 yards inside the cavernous school.
“It's our first chance to vote for Hillary,” said Ann Miller, 66, a staunch backer who was near the front of the line. “We got here at 5:30 p.m. We weren't going to miss it.”
Eighteen precincts and an estimated 6,000 Democrats were expected by organizers, who herded caucus-goers from the school lunchroom back outside.
PREFERENCE POLLS: Complete Democratic caucus results Mobile users: See results here
But not unexpectedly for Denver, Sanders supporters — many of them young — looked to be holding their ground, showing up strong.
“I'll stand in the rain if I have to for Bernie Sanders,” said Adam Davis, 21.
That also appeared to be the case at another large caucus site, North High School in northwest Denver. It will have 10 precinct caucuses.
“They're really turning out,” attendee Jeff Gallinger said about younger voters.
David Cleland was one of the first people at North. They had attended their first caucus eight years ago, and this time they said they planned to vote for Sanders.
“He is saying a lot of the right things to make changes in health care and the education system (that) I'm not hearing Hillary saying,” Cleland said.
Devon Braunstein wasn't even sure they could get into the caucus. The 24-year-old is from New York and was in town for business. But they came anyway “to experience democracy at work.”
Under party rules, though, she'll be relegated to observer.
They said for young voters like herself, climate change was a big issue in this election.
“I think it is really important to my generation,” Braunstein said. As of now, they were still undecided between the Democratic candidates. “I think Super Tuesday will determine a lot.”
Earlier today: As Colorado Democrats head to caucus Tuesday night, Bernie Sanders is hoping their anti-establishment message will help them win the state eight years after it went big for Barack Obama.
The Vermont U.S. senator's opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton — who lost the caucus vote to rival Obama 2-to-1 in 2008 amid huge turnout — has fought hard, while their campaign has acknowledged Colorado may be an uphill battle. As of a week ago, Sanders had spent more than twice as much as Clinton on TV ads in Colorado leading up to the caucuses.
Heading into Super Tuesday, this dynamic — Sanders as the favorite — is the opposite of what's expected in a swath of other Democratic presidential nominating contests also being held. Clinton was heavily favored in many of the 10 other states and American Samoa that are having contests, mostly primaries, including several southern states with large African-American voter bases that Sanders has struggled to attract. Early in the evening, results were bearing that out.
That means Colorado may attract some attention as one of a handful of potential firewalls for Sanders.
“This is a state that Sanders almost certainly must win if they are to have any shot at the nomination,” the website FiveThirtyEight says in its Super Tuesday guide.
Still, Colorado has 66 Democratic delegates that will be chosen in a long process that begins at the precinct caucuses — a mere fraction of the 865 delegates at stake Tuesday. That means larger states' contests likely will overshadow Colorado's caucuses, which no polling organizations have tried to predict recently because of the state's lack of a definitive primary.
“The real story Tuesday, as far as I'm concerned, is just that Colorado continues to be a relative non-player,” said Eric Sondermann, a Denver political analyst. “It holds onto this archaic caucus system. We're one of the ultimate swing states (in November), and yet we're one of the least important states in the nominating process.”
They added: “In terms of national media coverage, Colorado's likely to be an afterthought.”
And simply winning the caucuses' straw poll may prove only symbolic. The real prize, the state party's delegates to the national convention, can quickly get complicated.
There is the potential for Clinton to lag Sanders in preference poll votes Tuesday and yet be apportioned more delegates. That is because of congressional district-based math that determines 43 of the delegates, as The Denver Post's John Frank explains here.
The upshot: Tuesday's results will provide only a projection of the eventual winner of the 66 delegates that will be selected at later meetings up through the party's April 15 state convention. The state also has 12 superdelegates — not at stake Tuesday — who mostly back Clinton now but can declare or change their allegiances at any time.
At 7 p.m. Tuesday, registered Democrats will file into 3,010 precinct caucuses at more than 400 locations around the state, most at schools, churches and community centers. To participate, voters had to be registered and affiliated as a Democrat by Jan. 4 and must have lived in their precinct for at least 30 days.
They will face several items of party business, including choosing precinct leaders for two-year terms and electing delegates and alternates who will attend county assemblies and possibly the state convention. They also will vote on issue resolutions for the state party platform.
But one of the first orders of business will be the presidential preference poll, which the state party says should occur before 8 p.m. (Colorado Republicans are not having a straw poll at their caucuses Tuesday.)
A representative of each candidate will get an opportunity to make a brief pitch to the precinct meeting. Any tie vote will be decided by coin flip, a drawing of straws or another method of chance.
Officials will report results to the Colorado Democratic Party using a hotline. Into the evening, the party will report the numbers of caucus attendees who supported each candidate.
“I'll be looking for two things,” Sondermann said. “One is the level of turnout (and) if it comes close to matching the Obama phenomenon of eight years ago,” when about 120,000 Democrats caucused.
“And secondly, I'm assuming that Clinton is going to have a good night around the country. If Sanders is going to stay in the game, they need to point to three, four or five states. And it's hard to imagine he's going to be able to (do that) if Colorado is not one of them.”
Staff writer Jenn Fields contributed to this story.
Jon Murray: 303-954-1405, jmurray@denverpost.com or @JonMurray
Sean Hannity became a liberal target because of their focus on a discredited story about a murdered Democratic National Committee staffer.
Advertisement
The financial service corporation has decided to add their advertising back to Hannity's Fox News show, along with other opinion polls after they decided they were going to pull them.
Advertisement
Close More from Wayne Dupree
USAA felt the sting of Americans all over the nation but that is not a victory. Now you have to hit up the other sponsors who have left before you can call it a victory. Don't be the Republicans on the White House lawn dancing about signing a bill that never left the House.
Source: Daily Mail
The USAA financial services firm says it is reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity's Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism from many of the military members and veterans that it serves. The company said Tuesday it will also start advertising again on other programs where it had suspended its ads, including “Hardball” and “The Rachel Maddow Show” on MSNBC, and Jake Tapper's “The Lead” on CNN. USAA was one of 10 companies that had pulled ads from “Hannity,” who had been attacked for reporting a discredited story involving the death of a Democratic National Committee staff member. Hannity has said they will no longer talk about conspiracy theories on Seth Rich's death last year. USAA said it is continuing the commercials while reviewing its overall advertising policy.
Just got off the phone with USAA and they stated that Hannity ads will be reinstated …. so I didn't cancel my insurance . — Brian Donnelly (@drveneer123) May 30, 2017
Advertisement
USAA says it will reinstate ads on 'Hannity': The USAA financial services firm says it is reinstating its… https://t.co/btwlYbsfzK pic.twitter.com/baOkFh2piQ — Welcome To Miami (@MiamiBestOf) May 30, 2017
Advertisement
Help support conservative news and views by sharing this post on Facebook and Twitter. Want more of my views? Don't forget to follow the Wayne Dupree Show social media accounts on Facebook, Spreaker, iHeartRadio, Google Plus & Twitter.
Virtual reality hardware can be used to modify the real world too. Two artists have made use of a HTC Vive's tracked controllers for realtime projection mapping on real world objects, letting them create customisable projection screens on any surface, 3D models and even a movable companion cube.
Traditionally the HTC Vive's controllers are used to track gestures and allow interaction within the virtual world for those wearing a HTC Vive headset. However the controllers utilise a similar tracking system to the tracking puck accessories HTC recently announced. That means that when placed on a surface, APIs like OpenVR know exactly where they are. When combined with some clever software and an artist's ingenuity, some interesting projects emerge.
Harvey Moon posted a Youtube video of what they and a colleague were able to do with that technology and the results are impressive (thanks Redditor friendshipcastle).
The controllers can be used to manually control a PC-connected projector, changing colours and the size of the projection, but it's the automated projection mapping that is so impressive. In one example it is used to create a companion cube and another, a 3D model of the Statue of Liberty.
Moon hasn't detailed exactly how this was achieved but said that it was quite simple and used: “some rubber bands and a calibrated projector,” which lets the controller “allow physical interaction with projected surfaces.” They also told Redditors that they used the Valve developed, open source API, OpenVR, to translate tracking data into something that the projector could understand and react to.
Right now the artists don't have a standalone tracking puck the likes of which HTC and Valve will release later this year, but they hope Valve will send them one in the near future. Perhaps after seeing this project in action.
Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE.
KitGuru Says: I was already excited by the possibilities of extra trackers in VR, but it seems like they can have some use outside of it too.
Today feels like a great day to revisit this classic post from Stian Søiland. The good news is that, since originally posting this way back in July of '04, I have only seen one or two other variations of this driver-less SQL sent in ...
When asked to fix an application here at the university that lets students create their own mailinglists, I stumbled over this python script that tries to synchronize database entries with Mailman.
In addition to exploring how to create ugly code with Python, the author has discovered a way to avoid compiling a MySQL driver for Python - by using the "mysql" shell tool and parsing the output by splitting it by whitespace. (This will of course fail if anything resembling a space is present in the database)
Also notice the creation of mysql_cmds.txt for stuff to be executed by the SQL server.
Changes to the Grid Spec and taking on Multi-Column layout
Let's keep in touch A low traffic email list, keep up to date with where I am and what I've published. On the web Follow @rachelandrew
LinkedIn
LinkedIn GitHub
GitHub Instagram
Instagram YouTube
Last week I was in Paris for the CSS Working Group face to face meeting. At the CSS WG we have two kinds of meetings. Every week there is a teleconference, which members call into. In addition we have a face to face meeting a few times each year, where as many of us as are able to sit in a room together and go through various issues. If you want to know what is discussed at either of these then it is all minuted in IRC, the logs are posted to www-style after the meetings. In addition if we discuss a particular GitHub issue, the discussion is logged against that issue with any resolution.
In this post I wanted to detail a couple of issues likely to be of interest to readers of this blog.
Grid specification changes and news for Flexbox
At the meeting we discussed a range of related issues, these stemmed from a request that the grid-gap properties not be reset by the grid shorthand. You can read the issue here #1036, which also includes the full IRC log of the discussion.
The resolution for the original issue is that the grid shorthand will be changed to not reset these properties. Furthermore, the gap properties were discussed and it was resolved to undo the original resolution that made specific grid-gap properties ( grid-column-gap , grid-row-gap and grid-gap ) in favour of column-gap , row-gap and a gap shorthand. There is an issue raised here 1696 although the actual resolution is detailed in the discussion of 1036 above.
These new properties will be detailed in the Box Alignment specification, and be available to other layout modes where they make sense. Multi-column layout already has column-gap , the only difference being that if you do not set a value for column-gap you get a gap (the spec suggests 1em ), gaps in other layout methods default to 0.
The good news with regard to making these more generic gap properties is that other layout method they make obvious sense in, is Flexbox. So ultimately browsers may support gaps in flex layout, meaning that we won't need to do weird things with negative margins to get a neat gap between flex items.
Given that people have already implemented grid layouts using the grid-gap properties it is likely that browsers will alias the old names to the new for the foreseeable future. Right now the spec, nor browsers have been updated but it is worth keeping an eye on that change being made. You could of course use both properties now just as you do for vendor prefixed properties - browsers will ignore column-gap and use grid-column-gap for now.
Co-editing Multi-column Layout
The Candidate Recommendation of Multi-column layout was published on the 12 April 2011, and the specification has languished since then. There are a whole bunch of issues that haven't been added to the draft of the spec. If you have ever used Multicol you will know there are a good deal of interoperability issues right now.
I care about multicol for a number of reasons. We don't have anything else that does this sort of thing in CSS, and being able to take a bunch of stuff and split it into columns is sometimes useful on the web. I also have an interest in CSS as used for print - where specifications like multicol are used far more frequently. Therefore, I volunteered and have been accepted as a co-editor of the specification, to see if I can help get things moving again for the spec and ultimately for the interop issues that mean people can't use it reliably.
It will be the first spec I have edited, and work begins with a good bit of archeology through the old mailing list archives to dig out all of the old issues and resolutions and make sure we have those listed. I can then start to work through them. How much time I have really depends on balancing this work with work that pays the bills. All of my work on CSS is voluntary and self-funded right now - including travel to meetings. I feel as if in the past couple of years I've found the stuff I am best at, and that is generally useful to the web. I'd love to have the time to just work on specs like Multicol, write tests and dig up interop issues as I've started doing for Grid Layout, write about and teach this stuff - without it all being a side project of the work that pays the bills!
This practice is a wonderful example of how mindfulness helps us to see what we have learned to ignore through force of habit. In the modern world we tend to take light for granted, but before the advent of electricity in the early part of the 20th century, light was precious, even sacred.
Instructions
Expand your awareness of light in all its forms, bright and dim, direct and reflected
Reminding Yourself
Post the word “Light” or a symbol of a shining light bulb in appropriate places, including on or near light switches.
Further Thoughts
When we bring attention to light, we find it everywhere, as sunlight and artificial, bright and dim light, twilight, the gloaming, direct and reflected light, white and multicoloured. It shines through autumn leaves turning them bronze and gold. It moves slowly across the floor, revealing the movement of the earth. It fills the expanse of sky above us even when hidden by clouds or the shadow of the earth.
The Buddha's teaching is said to have “brought light into darkness” so that people could see the truth for themselves. The Buddha also instructed their followers to “be a lamp unto yourselves” so that they could use the light of the awareness to see clearly.
So take a few moments to watch this video courtesy of the Global Oneness Project. It is a visual journey of beauty and serenity through cycles of light, water, wind and earth. Consider your relationship to these elements; consider the oneness of all life.
A film by Global Oneness Project.
Video from KarmaTube
How to Train a Wild Elephant & Other Adventures in Mindfulness by
These practices are adapted fromby Jan Chozen Bays. You can find out more, read my review of and purchase this book from my Mindfulness Library (page 2)
PALO ALTO — Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's plans to rebuild four homes around their own will form a “compound” and reduce the city's housing stock, which violates zoning codes and ideal land use, a city advisory board decided Thursday in a project review.
The Architectural Review Board voted 3-1 to recommend that city Planning Director Hillary Gitelman not approve Zuckerberg's application to replace homes at 1451, 1457 and 1459 Hamilton Ave. and 1462 Edgewood Drive.
Concerned about privacy, Zuckerberg bought the homes for $30 million in 2013 after learning that a developer planned to build a house next door tall enough to have a view of Zuckerberg's master bedroom.
Related Articles Mark Zuckerberg buys four houses near their Palo Alto home
Mark Zuckerberg's wall annoys some neighbors
Priscilla Chan, in rare interview, tells how their goals with Mark Zuckerberg are shaped by personal story
Mark Zuckerberg giving away 99% of Facebook stock to celebrate daughter's birth Plans call for removing a pair of two-story homes and two one-story homes.
Replacing those structures would be one two-story home and three single-story homes that are smaller in dimension than the existing homes.
The homes would be 20 percent smaller than what was there and built out to only half of the square footage that is allowed on the lots.
Kathy Scott, of the Walker-Warner Architects firm working with Zuckerberg, said the project seeks to expand their client's space for “residential functions.”
“The idea is just to expand our client's capacity to enjoy the property: sharing time with friends and family, having more outdoor space to play,” Scott said. “The current property is quite restricted and so this is just giving them more space for their residential functions.”
The vision of expanding a single homeowner's “residential functions” is what raised red flags for board members who say that doing so would ruin the single-family home feel of the Crescent Park neighborhood.
Plans for all four homes meet architecture standards, but a single family using all four properties violates the city's comprehensive plan and ideals in protecting single-family homes, board members said.
“There's four homes,” board member Peter Baltay said. “Are there four families living in these homes?”
The Zuckerbergs currently have friends living in a couple of the homes and Scott said the other homes are used as an extension of their living, cooking, dining and entertaining quarters.
Baltay said their view is that these four houses are not separate residences.
“These are part of a larger compound,” Baltay said. “This is something you might find in Atherton: A large estate, a series of guest houses, recreational facilities, movie theaters surrounding a house.”
Board members Wynne Furth and Robert Gooyer agreed and said the floor plans for the homes show that they are not “credible” single-family dwellings.
Though each house has basic bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and laundry facilities to count as a standalone, the layout tells a different story.
Furth said one home has two bedrooms, three washers and dryers, a project room off the garage and “a really nice vegetable garden.”
Another home would be altered into a “great place for a party,” with a great room that's 40 feet by 30 feet, a service kitchen and another larger room in the basement.
“If these things were put on the market individually, you'd have a hard time selling, because some of them are very unusual,” Gooyer said. “In the context, if you take all four of them, they make sense.”
Furth also said the proposal violates the zoning code when considered as a complex because single lots cannot exceed 20,000 square feet as a way to prevent net loss of housing stock.
Together, the four homes exceed 60,000 square feet. That figure does not include the adjacent property where the Zuckerbergs reside.
Combined with the principal dwelling, Furth said the compound is “even bigger and even more out of compliance.”
Scott said there are no plans to merge the lots or adjust lot lines so that the flexibility and independence of the four lots is maintained for future homeowners.
The Zuckerbergs also plan to remove the pools and maximize the garden areas and maintain the variety of trees, including live oaks, ginkgos and magnolias, Scott said.
“They bought the original house and these other properties in the neighborhood because they love the character of the neighborhood; its significant trees and the very residential scale and the variety of homes, and that's what we're endeavoring to preserve,” Scott said.
During Thursday's discussion, Baltay also contemplated out loud to city staff about whether the proposal should undergo the process for seeking conditional-use permits, which would give community members more notice and the City Council an opportunity to consider the proposal's broad impact rather than on a home-by-home basis.
The project will return to the city's planning director, who will decide whether to advance the project.
Board member Kyu Kim was the lone dissenting vote, though they did not elaborate much on their decision, and board member Alex Lew recused themselves because they own property nearby.
Joe Ricketts. AP Photo/Nati Harnik
Joe Ricketts, the billionaire owner of TD Ameritrade and a major Republican donor, abruptly shut down the network of local publications they owned after two of them — Gothamist and DNAinfo — attempted to unionize.
In a letter on Thursday that populated the landing pages of the websites, Ricketts cited the financial burden the network of publications is under, saying that "progress hasn't been sufficient to support the tremendous effort and expense needed to produce the type of journalism on which the company was founded."
"DNAinfo is, at the end of the day, a business, and businesses need to be economically successful if they are to endure," Ricketts said.
Gothamist, DNAinfo, Chicagoist, DNAinfo Chicago, DCist, and LAist, were all abruptly shut down, and the archives of years of posts were inaccessible as of Thursday evening.
Employees reacted in shock, learning about the termination of their sites in an email sent to staff around the same time Ricketts' letter was posted on the homepage of several sites.
The move came just a week after DNAinfo and Gothamist employees voted to unionize, which appeared to affect management's decision.
A spokesperson for DNAinfo told The New York Times that the "decision by the editorial team to unionize is simply another competitive obstacle making it harder for the business to be financially successful."
For its part, management had voiced its opposition to a union. DNAinfo's chief operating office said the union might be the "final straw that caused the business to close," while Ricketts themselves penned a blog post titled "Why I'm Against Unions At Businesses I Create."
The move immediately sparked criticism online.
Some observers argued that Ricketts, a deep-pocketed Republican donor who has thrown millions into political campaigns, was hypocritical for penny-pinching at relatively low-cost publications.
Others noted that Ricketts had not seemed as concerned about the rising costs when they bought Gothamist in early March.
Strangely, during the Second World War, on the remote islands of Tristan da Cunha – a British Overseas Territory and dependency of St. Helena – the islanders actually used the humble potato as a form of currency!
And in 2015 a stamp sheet was issued, the ‘Potato Essays', commemorating the title of a set of 9 stamp designs submitted to the British government in 1946 as part of a petition for postage stamps to be introduced to the island. The border of the 2015 sheetlet depicts some of the designer's early sketches.
The man responsible for the designs was Allan Crawford (1912-2007). Allan Crawford first went to Tristan da Cunha in 1937 when they joined the Norwegian Scientific Expedition whilst on a trip from Southampton to South Africa.
On later visits to the island as a meteorologist they realised there was a demand for stamps from philatelists and passing ships from the so called ‘Loneliest Inhabited Island in the World' and decided to develop and produce a stamp or ‘sticker' for the islanders to place on the outside of their letters. Due to the fact they had little work to do in the peace-time weather headquarters, they enlisted the help of the department's draughtsman, Sgt. Jimmy Brown and they worked together to produce some rough designs. As they did not have the required permission to use the King George head on them they used the British Union Flag. The islanders also had no money so would not be able to purchase them. However, during WW2, they had used potatoes as currency, with 4 potatoes equalling 1 old penny (1d) so this currency was added to the designs.
They came up with 9 designs and Crawford had 20,000 penny sheets made, each stamp depicted a penguin and its value was 1d (4 potatoes) printed in red in sheets of 35 stamps by Hortors Ltd. of Johannesburg, South Africa. The stamp/sticker soon achieved fame as a souvenir from passing ships and collectors throughout the world and was nicknamed the potato stamp.
However, the petition for stamps was refused and it wasn't until 1952 that overprinted Tristan da Cunha on St Helena definitive stamps were used as the islands' first postage stamps.
Tristan Da Cunha lies 2,816 kilometres (1,750 miles) from South Africa and 3,360 kilometres (2,088 miles) from South America. The closest land mass is Saint Helena a mere 2,430 kilometres (1,510 miles) distant.
Tristan was first discovered in 1506 by the Portuguese sailor Tristão da Cunha. However, Tristão was unable to land on Tristan because of accessibility difficulties and rough seas. Despite this, Tristão named the island ‘Ilha de Tristão da Cunha' – roughly translated as ‘The Islands of Tristão da Cunha'. The name was changed to Tristan Da Cunha at a later date.
Tristan da Cunha's capital (and most populated city) is ‘Edinburgh of the Seven Seas', more commonly called Edinburgh. In 2005, the Royal Mail assigned Tristan the postcode of TDCU 1ZZ. This was for two reasons:
– the mail was getting lost because the island had no postcode; and
– the capital was being confused with the Scottish city of Edinburgh.
Above, four stamps from recently-issued 12-value definitive set featuring ships used over the years to deliver mail/supplies to the islands.
The territory consists of a number of islands – Tristan Da Cunha (38 square miles approximately), the uninhabited Nightingale Islands, and the wildlife reserves of Inaccessible Island and Gough Island.
Below: when decimal currency was introduced in Britain in 1971, these overprints were introduced.
2,799 total views, 1 views today
Have you dreamed about this man comforting or befriending you over the past five years? Then you are one of thousands across the world who have dreamed "this man." And they have a website to describe their experiences.
According to the Man website, set up to bring together the people who have dreamed about him:
In January 2006 in New York, the patient of a well-known psychiatrist draws the face of a man that has been repeatedly appearing in their dreams. In more than one occasion that man has given their advice on their private life. The woman swears they have never met the man in their life. That portrait lies forgotten on the psychiatrist's desk for a few days until one day another patient recognizes that face and says that the man has often visited them in their dreams. They also claim they have never seen that man in their waking life. The psychiatrist decides to send the portrait to some of their colleagues that have patients with recurrent dreams. Within a few months, four patients recognize the man as a frequent presence in their own dreams. All the patients refer to them as THIS MAN. From January 2006 until today, at least 2000 people have claimed they have seen this man in their dreams, in many cities all over the world: Los Angeles, Berlin, São Paulo, Tehran, Beijing, Rome, Barcelona, Stockholm, Paris, New Dehli, Moskow etc.
Advertisement
Here are a few more pictures drawn by people who have seen "this man."
Advertisement
And here's a typical "this man" dream:
The first time I had a dream about this man I was having a hard time at work. I had a dream about getting lost in a huge and deserted shopping mall. Suddenly this man appeared and I started running away from him. They chased after me for what seemed like an hour until I found myself against a wall in the kids' area in a supermarket. At this point they smiled at me and they showed me the way out towards the cash desks and I woke up. Ever since that night this man has appeared in all of my dreams and they always give me directions to get out of the dream and wake up.
Advertisement
Other people dream about "this man" flying with them, comforting them after a tough day, or even taking them out to dinner and having sex with them.
What could be causing this? The site advances several theories, but my favorite is the "dream surfer" theory:
According to this theory this man is a real person, who can enter people's dreams by means of specific psychological skills. Some believe that in real life this man looks like the man in the dreams. Others think that the man in the dreams looks completely different from their real life counterpart. Some people seem to believe that behind this man there is a mental conditioning plan developed by a major corporation.
Advertisement
In fact, it turns out that this theory is the closest to the truth. This website is actually the creation of a sociologist and marketer named Andrea Natella. They run a company called Guerriglia Marketing which stages "subversive hoaxes" and creates weird art projects that are mostly about pornography, politics, and advertising.
I think ThisMan.org has to be Natella's greatest masterwork. It doesn't smack of artsy pseudo-intellectual "politics" like a lot of their other art does. It's just cheesy and a little bit scary. There really is something uncanny about the pictures of the man and the fake stories from people who claim to have met him. Sweet dreams!
via ThisMan (Thanks, Meredith!)
This io9 flashback originally appeared in 2009.
By: Travis Blanshan
tblanshan@csufresno.edu
GoBulldogs.com
Box Score
COLLEGE STATION, Texas - Despite a complete game from sophomore southpaw Ricky Tyler Thomas on the mound and 10 hits from the Bulldog offense, Fresno State dropped a hard-fought 3-2 game at No. 3 Texas A&M on Friday night.
Playing in front of 4,224 fans at Blue Bell Park, Fresno State (11-3) notched its sixth double-digit hitting night collecting 10 hits to only five for Texas A&M (13-1). With three of those going for extra-bases, the 'Dogs had at least one hit in seven innings, but were only able to go 1-for-9 with runners in scoring position. The Bulldogs left nine runners on base compared to only two for the Aggies.
Sophomore designated hitter Aaron Arruda tied their season-high with three hits, including smacking their team-leading third home run of the season and added two singles. Korby Batesole added two hits and Scott Silva notched their first career double and drove in their first run as a Bulldog.
On the mound, Thomas went the distance hurling all eight innings while limiting the top offense in the SEC to only five hits, three earned runs, two walks and notched nine strikeouts.
The Aggies starting pitcher Jace Vines nearly matched Thomas' effort going 6.2 allowing eight hits, two earned runs and had six strikeouts. They gave way to closer Ryan Hendrix with two outs in the seventh as the junior pitched the final 2.1 innings to pick up their third save.
A&M jumped on the board first in the bottom of the second with a solo home run, and added two more in the fourth on a two-run home run by Michael Barash to take a 3-0 lead.
The 'Dogs answered back with a run in fifth to cut the lead to 3-1. Joe Prior led off with a double down the left field line and moved to third on a single to left center by Batesole. They came in to score on a RBI groundout to shortstop from Silva. A two-out home run to left field by Arruda in the sixth made it a one-run game at 3-2.
The Bulldogs looked to tie the game in the seventh after Batesole drew a two-out walk and pinch-hitter Torin Goldstein singled to center field. Austin Guibor kept alive home drawing a walk to load the bases for Brody Russell. The senior centerfielder went down on strikes to leave the bases loaded. The 'Dogs also put on a pair of runners in the eighth and got a leadoff single to start the ninth, but were unable to score the tying run.
Fresno State and Texas A&M play game two of the three-game series on Saturday at 12:00 p.m. PT from Blue Bell Park.
Notes
- Jake Stone extended their on-base streak to 14 games, while Guibor moved their on-base streak to 12 games. Russell saw their 13-game on-base streak come to a close going 0-for-4.
- Arruda and Batesole each had their third multi-hit game of the season.
- Jeremiah Burks notched their first stolen base as a Bulldog coming in to pinch-run in the 8th inning.
- Scott Silva made their first start as a Bulldog at second base.
- 14 position players got into the game for the second time in the last five games.
- After starting the season 5-0 in one-run games, the Bulldogs have dropped their last three such contests.
- The Bulldogs 10 hits tied for the second-most by a Texas A&M opponent this season.
- The 'Dogs committed no errors for only the fourth time this season and only the second time in the last 12 games.
Mountain West Friday Night Scoreboard
at UNLV 5, Ohio State 2
New Mexico 8, at Nevada 3
Air Force at San Jose State (postponed due to rain)
Northwestern at San Diego State (Game 1 suspended in bottom of 6th inning with NW leading 6-4)
Northwestern at San Diego State (Game 2) - Canceled
"Be Bold!" - The official home of the Fresno State Bulldogs is 940 AM ESPN Radio. Stay connected with the Bulldogs on Facebook (Fresno State Athletics), Instagram (FresnoStateAthletics), Twitter (@FresnoStateBSB) and Snapchat (FSAthletics).
Notice of collection of personal information
Your personal information is collected under the authority of the University of Ottawa Act, 1965, in accordance with Ontario's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and University of Ottawa Policy 90. Your personal information collected on this form will be used by the University of Ottawa for the purposes of and those consistent with the administration of the orientation program, your registration in a orientation day and institutional planning and statistics. If you have questions about the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact the Orientation Team at 613-562-5800 ext. 2828 or orientation@uOttawa.ca.
Photographs, videos and audio recordings of events might be produced and might include your recognizable image. By participating in an event, you consent to being photographed, videotaped and audiotaped, and you authorize the University to use any of these recordings for its activities and events, as well as for its print and electronic promotional material, including on the internet via the University website or other social media websites. Personal information obtained at the event is collected in accordance with the University of Ottawa Act, S.O. 1965, C.137.
I've nearly stopped blogging, because all my spare time goes into writing Clojure in Action. But I was a bit bored this weekend, and wrote this little library that can be used to write traditional looking Object-Oriented (TM) code in Clojure.
Why would you do that, when you can use a rifle-oriented programming style instead? Think of it like using the rifle as a club… On the other had, the implementation makes plenty use of closures and macros, so it is probably a rifle-oriented program 🙂
The implementation is hosted on github, in a project called frumios. And if you reall want to see it now, click below.
(ns org.rathore.amit.frumios.core) (declare new-object find-method) (defn new-class [class-name parent methods] (let [klass ((comp resolve symbol name) class-name)] (fn [command & args] (cond (= :parent command) parent (= :name command) klass (= :method-names command) (keys methods) (= :methods command) methods (= :new command) (new-object klass) (= :method command) (let [[method-name] args] (find-method method-name methods parent)) :else (throw (RuntimeException. (str "Unknown message: " command))))))) (def OBJECT (new-class :org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT nil {})) (def this) (defn new-object [klass] (let [state (ref {})] (fn thiz [command & args] (cond (= :class command) klass (= :set! command) (let [[k v] args] (dosync (alter state assoc k v)) nil) (= :get command) (let [[key] args] (state key)) :else (let [method (klass :method command)] (if method (binding [this thiz] (apply method args)))))))) (defn find-method [method-name instance-methods parent-class] (let [method (instance-methods method-name)] (or method (if-not (= #'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT parent-class) (find-method method-name (parent-class :methods) (parent-class :parent)))))) (defn parent-class-spec [sexprs] (let [extends-spec (filter #(= :extends (first %)) sexprs) extends (first extends-spec)] (if (empty? extends) 'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT (do (if-not (= 1 (count extends-spec)) (throw (RuntimeException. "defclass only accepts a single extends clause"))) (if-not (= 2 (count extends)) (throw (RuntimeException. "the extends clause only accepts a single parent class"))) (last extends))))) (defn method-spec [sexpr] (let [name (keyword (second sexpr)) remaining (next sexpr)] {name (conj remaining 'fn)})) (defn method-specs [sexprs] (let [method-spec? #(= 'method (first %)) specs (filter method-spec? sexprs)] (apply merge (map method-spec sexprs)))) (defmacro defclass [class-name & specs] (let [parent-class-symbol (parent-class-spec specs) this-class-name (keyword class-name) fns (method-specs specs)] `(def ~class-name (new-class ~this-class-name (var ~parent-class-symbol) ~(or fns {})))))
But first, examples –
(ns frumios-spec) (use 'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core) (defclass animal (method sound [] "grr") (method say-something [] (str (this :sound) ", I say!")) (method move [] "going!")) (defclass cat (:extends animal) (method sound [] "meow"))
There, that defines a simple class hierarchy. Let's examine these classes –
frumios-spec> (cat :parent) #'frumios-spec/animal frumios-spec> (animal :parent) #'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT frumios-spec> (animal :method-names) (:move :say-something :sound) frumios-spec> (cat :method-names) (:sound)
Now, let's define a couple of instances –
(def a (animal :new)) (def c (cat :new))
What can we do with these instances? Let's explore –
frumios-spec> (c :class) #'frumios-spec/cat frumios-spec> (c :set! :name "Mr. Muggles") nil frumios-spec> (c :get :name) "Mr. Muggles"
That's the basic stuff, how about calling methods?
frumios-spec> (a :move) "going!" frumios-spec> (a :sound) "grr" frumios-spec> (c :sound) "meow"
Notice how cat overrides the sound method. OK, how about a method that calls another method? It calls for the keyword. Here it is in action –
frumios-spec> (a :say-something) "grr, I say!" frumios-spec> (c :say-something) "meow, I say!"
Notice how in the second call, (this :sound) resolved itself to the overridden sound method in the cat class. That's subtype polymorphism, common to languages such as Java and Ruby. We could use it to implement something like the template pattern. We can do fairly arbitrary things with frumiOS –
(defclass person (method greet [visitor] (println "Hi" visitor ", I'm here!")) (method dob [] (str "I was born on " (this :get :birth-date))) (method age [] 2) (method experience [years] (str years " years")) (method bio [] (let [msg (str (this :dob) ", and have " (this :experience (this :age)) " of experience.")] (println msg))))
Let's play with it –
frumios-spec> (def kyle (person :new)) #'frumios-spec/kyle frumios-spec> (kyle :greet "rob") Hi rob , I'm here! nil
The bio method makes two calls using the construct, one nested inside the other. It works as expected –
frumios-spec> (kyle :set! :birth-date "1977-01-01") nil frumios-spec> (kyle :bio) I was born on 1977-01-01, and have 2 years of experience. nil
So there it is. I'm sure it doesn't do lots of stuff a real object-system does. But at 70 lines of Clojure code, you can't expect a whole lot more. Silly as this is, I had fun writing it! Click here to see how the frumiOS is implemented.
The Australian Department of Finance assists the Government on matters of financial policy. They are a crucial element in our nation's budget and financial reporting, as well as being involved in commercial and government services.
What is really important, however, is the parallels between “The Department” and The Ministry of Truth, Aperture Science and Equilibrium's Grammaton Clerics. How do we know? Because they seem pretty hellbent on telling us that in their latest recruitment video.
The video begins with a slow crawl across The Department's offices, a lone fortress surrounded by artificial greenery. Most humanity has been banished to the underground cities, with only party members allowed above. A lone computer screen flickers. It speaks to no one.
Soon, two of The Department's graduate employees emerge from behind a glass door that is mounted between glass windows. They step along a walkway with glass railings. We see other workers in the distance, as we see everything. The Department practices complete transparency. The Department sees all.
“I'm so stoked for our presentation to the executives this afternoon,” says one employee, who we'll call ‘Preston'.
“It's been a massive challenge, but I'm definitely looking forward to it.” They take a risk by revealing the torture they have endured. They wonder if their comrade understands him. As Preston sees a party member approach, they fear their subterfuge may have cost him.
“I'm just heading downstairs for my paleo pear and banana bread,” says the party member. Paleo pear and banana bread is The Department's only sanctioned meal. “Would you like to join me?” they finish, their arm stretching out mechanically.
Preston realises they are one of the new synthetic auditors. They know they are doomed. Their friend leaves him. They know theirs fate.
“So how are you finding the program?” they ask the robotic assassin. They must keep their composure. Even in the face of death. Such is The Department's conditioning.
Later, two party leaders discuss the new graduates. “They've certainly hit the ground running, or actually I should say sprinting!” says one, referencing the physical elimination challenges. They smile at each other. Remembering the screams.
Another graduate, who we'll call ‘Winston', sees someone they recognize from their reconditioning at The Ministry of Love. “Hey buddy,” Winston drawls. “Sorry, I gotta do that every time. It's because we're in the buddy program.” Winston never wants to be reconditioned again.
Teena, a party member checks in on two synthetic graduates. “So are you finalising your presentation?” they ask, deciding whether to report them to the blade runners.
“Yep, nearly there,” they respond. Teena will spare them.
Later, our heroes sit together in a large boardroom. The nuclear wasteland outside is obscured by a simulation forest that fills the windows.
The Department's Secretary enters. “We've had lots of positive feedback about your work across the different projects. From my first look, I see you've built many of the skills that I know will stand you in good stead for future opportunities. Whether here in Finance or elsewhere in [REDACTED].”
“Many of the ideas you've come up with are real game changers. With that in mind, we, the board, are looking forward to seeing your detailed presentations.”
The feed ends. We do not know what becomes of the graduates. We just hope they took their sense suppressors.
When David Santos joins colleagues and friends to watch World Cup games these days – at street parties in the low-income periphery of São Paulo – they scan the images of the stands on the big TV screens in hope. But he's pretty sure what they will see.
"At these games, you will count more black people on the field than in all the stands," they say with a sigh. "It's FIFA apartheid."
Friar David is a Franciscan and the president of Educafro, which works for racial equality. Their organization has been trying for more than a year to make sure that the Cup would reflect Brazil's diversity. But, they say, that effort was a crashing failure. The Brazilian fans in the stands at Cup games are almost entirely white – even though 54 per cent of Brazilians identify as black or mixed-race.
Story continues below advertisement
"You can't say it is racial discrimination – it would be discrimination if they didn't sell a ticket to a black person, and that's not what happened," says Carlos Costa Ribeiro, a sociologist who studies race and inequality at the State University of Rio de Janeiro. "What happened is that most blacks are poor and they couldn't buy tickets because they're expensive. But why are blacks not rich? Because there is discrimination."
Brazil has seen enormous social and political change over the past 15 years, but the correlation between wealth and race remains absolute, they say, while the cultural barriers to better education and employment for black and mixed-race Brazilians remain largely unchanged. And it has become apparent in the past two weeks that the World Cup, in its official incarnation, is for rich people. The bulk of tickets were sold for between $90 and $990 – while minimum wage in Brazil is $330 a month. Forty-one per cent of black and mixed-race Brazilians earn minimum wage, according to the national census, while 61 per cent of those unemployed for a year or more are black.
After Friar David and their colleagues at Educafro saw the nearly all-white stadiums during the Confederations Cup, played here a year ago as a precursor for the World Cup, they wrote to FIFA to ask that organizers make sure this event would be different by setting aside 20 to 30 per cent of tickets for black Brazilians.
FIFA secretary-general Jerome Valcke replied that the donated and low-cost tickets would ensure that "white, black, indigenous and immigrants" would have "the same opportunities to enjoy the event" but they declined to reserve a set block of seats.
"The biggest portion of tickets were sold through lotteries, making the chances equal and fair for every Brazilian or foreign fan," they wrote. "FIFA has created conditions for everyone who is interested, in every social class, to watch the games."
It did not look that way when Brazil played Mexico in Fortaleza last week: Ticket-holders entered the stadium through a long, narrow path that cuts through the surrounding low-income neighbourhood. The fans in their festive green-and-yellow on their way in the doors were almost uniformly white. And their entry route was lined with black and mixed-race Brazilians (also in their Brazil jerseys), watching them go in.
"People who came from outside are getting a weird picture of Brazil because Brazil really is a mix of black and white and brown," says Jorge Fernando Vasconcellos. They caught the most recent Brazil game at a street party on the edge of Rio. They wore a green-and-yellow clown wig, a Brazil team jersey, and the orange trousers from their uniform as a city sanitation worker. The crowd they joined was a mix of skin tones, and it is at parties like these that most lower-income Brazilians are experiencing the Cup. "I knew I wouldn't be able to buy tickets – it would take my whole budget," they say.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Some Brazilians have gone so far as to suggest that the disproportionate presence of rich people (who don't regularly go to city club football matches, as Mr. Vasconcellos does) is undermining the quality of the games – atmospherically and in the level of play.
"These are not Brazilian football supporters," wrote the popular São Paulo blogger Leonardo Sakamoto about the fans at the first Brazil match. They don't know the songs or the chants, and they don't propel a team in the way a Brazilian expects, they said. "The fans that come rain or shine, win or lose, who are there supporting their team, live, however mediocre it is – these people, who help make our football what it is, they deserve to be better represented in the stands …."
The Brazilians who shaped public discourse here until recently (that is to say, white people) love to trumpet the idea that this a multiracial democracy – and, it is implied, therefore not racist – based on the idea that Brazilians of all races have had ostensibly equal political and economic rights since the end of slavery 130 years ago. That narrative is increasingly challenged, and the country is grappling with debates about affirmative action. The policy was introduced in higher education starting in 2003, to huge controversy. Earlier this month, Congress passed a law to reserve 20 per cent of federal government jobs for the next 10 years for black and mixed-raced people; this has provoked far less debate.
But there were no quotas for the Cup. The government says FIFA donated 50,000 tickets to Brazilians who are beneficiaries of social welfare programs and to indigenous people, and 50,000 to the construction workers who helped build the stadiums. That's about 3 per cent of total tickets. Another 400,000 tickets were sold to Brazilians for the equivalent of about $30, or $15 for senior citizens and students.
But almost all sales were done on the Internet, notes Celso Athayde, director of a favela advocacy organization, and they were for all over Brazil. So buyers had to be prepared to fly nearly the length of a continent to get to the game they got tickets for – with the end result that most low-income Brazilians could not or did not try to buy them.
Educafro also criticizes the design of the stadiums, which in Brazil traditionally have a general stranding-room section where tickets are cheap. For the Cup, those sections have been replaced with seats. "No question, FIFA has imposed a norm for the stadiums that left Brazil less Brazilian," Friar David, the Educafro president, says.
Story continues below advertisement
And, mindful of promised sales for its sponsors, FIFA forced Brazil to ban the traditional vendors who work football games, selling food and drink and trinkets outside the stadiums and who are almost all black. This has shut much of the informal Brazilian economy (dominated by black workers) out of the Cup dividend.
Many World Cup watchers, in Brazil and beyond, first noticed the skewed racial representation during the song-and-dance spectacle in São Paulo that opened the tournament. FIFA billed it as a celebration of Brazil's diversity: It featured an indigenous child in an Amazonian canoe, and dancing gauchos in leather hats. But the ceremony was strikingly white. There was no samba, the music most identified with black Brazilians – and even the troupe performing capoeira, the fluid martial art invented by Brazil's slave population, appeared remarkably pallid.
"FIFA had white people doing capoeira!" exclaims Friar David.
Two weeks later, he's still shaking their head, in anger and amazement. Some white Brazilians do practise capoeira, of course. But it's a hallmark of black culture, and they feel the ceremony troupe was yet another missed occasion to show a positive image of their community. "This World Cup has been very, very bad for black Brazilians."
***
Brazil's reality displayed only on the field, World Cup veterans say
Story continues below advertisement
Paulo (Caju) Cezar Lima, 65, played in 1970 and 1974 World Cups:
"Most of the players in this country are black. I remember, two years ago, when this wave of racism started here in Brazil, they interviewed Neymar and they said they aren't black. Then they went to Europe, and they threw a banana at him. I don't know if he's realized yet. … I think the best way for players to realize if they are black or not, is to go to the United States, land of Ku Klux Klan. There they will see. Racism always existed, but now, here in Brazil, due to this 'FIFA standard' joke – the poor, who can be white or black, people who make $350 a month, have no chance to see the World Cup. It's a competition for foreigners, tourists, not for us. The poor people in Brazil are black, from the Northeast, and they are not participating. I went to two games in Maracana, and you see all that luxury, with the politicians, the business people …. It's not a party for the people. It feels more like a tennis championship in Wimbledon. This is all because of this 'FIFA standard' crap. They want to turn football in an elite sport, but they won't make it. Football is a sport for the people, for everyone."
Paulo Isidoro de Jesus, 60, played for Brazil in the 1982 World Cup:
"Today, it bothers me because I'm paying attention. Back in the day, I didn't, I never had this kind of problem. Now I notice that even the little kids who escort the players on the field are all white. If you see one black kid there, I'll give you a prize. That really upsets me. We are a country where the majority of people are black, but we are not participating in this party. This is cruel. Cruel is maybe not even a strong enough word, given the discrimination we see. As a black man, I watch these people on television saying there is no racism in this country and I can only think they are the biggest of all racists. It's a party in a country where most people are black and black people aren't in it, and it makes me really mad. I'm almost sure players don't notice this. When I was playing, I didn't worry about things like that. The concentration involved in playing the matches is too great for you to notice anything else. After you stop playing you notice and then you realize how cruel the world we live in is." I watched as the national team went in, and no black kids with them. It makes me want to turn away and not watch it. I get too upset. The party is beautiful, but for us who are from this land, we are shut out of it. I even tried to see if we, as former athletes, would have the opportunity to watch a game, get tickets. But they didn't even give us that much. You are worth something to them only in the moment you are playing. Afterwards, nothing.
Stephanie Nolen and Manuela Andreoni
Although I am grateful to my longtime friend and editor Tim Rogers for their typically funny and insightful article on my sentencing hearing last week, I do feel the need to provide clarification on a couple of points:
1) Tim has seen fit to characterize the particular shade of yellow in which we Kaufman County inmates are clad as an especially gaudy one. I think they have done their readers a real disservice by failing to disclose that he, himself, is entirely color-blind, as evidenced by their own outfit which included, seriously, a neon pink T-shirt. (I can't remember if it was neon pink or hot pink or what — when they were called to the podium, I was, like him, still distracted by the prosecutor's accusation that I “took possession of the accessibility” of something or other and by the question of whether or not such a phrase could perhaps be retooled into the centerpiece of a $400-a-head motivational seminar for middle-management types called “Take Back Your Accessibility!”) I mean, I realize that they hadn't expected to have to speak before the court, but surely they realized they would be leaving the house that day, or that time didn't stop flowing in 1991. As long as that feral U.S. Marshal saw fit to fuck with Russia Today's Andrew Blake over their own controversial t-shirt, why couldn't they stop over where Tim was sitting and tell him, “Excuse me, sir, but the Menendez Brothers' trial is down the hall and several decades ago”? Look, I just feel that I went to a lot of trouble to keep the proceedings dignified, insomuch as I refrained from shouting out random Rage Against the Machine lyrics, or addressing the judge as Lord Vader, and then suddenly here comes Vanilla Ice striding up to the podium to assure the court that I am “legit.” There was a time just a few years ago when Tim and I were considered the best-dressed writers in Dallas — Rolling Stone itself once described me as “the nattiest anarchist around,” which I plan to put on my business cards when I get out, if Stratfor allows me to buy some. What's happened to us, Tim? WHAT HAS HAPPENED?
2) Tim notes, correctly, that, in addition to improvising a few extra lines in the course of my allocution that were not present in the written version, I didn't deliver the line “I think your Honor can walk and chew bubble gum at the same time.” I took that out because, by the time I delivered the allocution, it had become painfully obvious that they could do no such thing. Frankly, I am not going to lie in court unless I am getting paid whatever these FBI agents are getting paid.
3) There was something else I wanted to comment on, but I don't remember what it is, as I don't have a written copy of Tim's piece or any other copies of the media coverage. The Kaufman County jail is run by some sort of paranoid schizophrenic sheriff who doesn't allow us to receive anything in the mail that is typed or printed or photocopied, and so when I want to know what the press is saying about my case, I have to have my mommy read it out loud to me over the phone. This is actually kind of pleasant, because whenever they get to a quote, they do a unique voice to signify that particular speaker. It's kind of like being a child again, being read a bedtime story, except that it's an increasingly surreal and frightening bedtime story about the collapse of the rule of law.
4) In all seriousness, I want to extend appreciation to Tim, who has been advocating for me over the past two years, in addition to having served as one of my literary heroes when I was still in high school; to D Magazine publisher Wick Allison for donating much-appreciated funds into my jail commissary accounts, as well as writing a letter to the judge on my behalf; to the crackhead who let Tim borrow their clothes on the day of my hearing; and to Judge Sam Lindsay, for giving so much to discredit the federal justice system in the eyes of the national press. Well done, comrade!
***
Poem of the Day:
The State wants to eat me
And I guess that's fine.
But they just might find
I'm a little porcupine.
***
Editor's note: Barrett Brown has been incarcerated since September 2012. On January 22, they were sentenced to a total of 63 months in prison and ordered to pay $890,000 in restitution. Go here to read earlier installments of “The Barrett Brown Review of Arts and Letters and Jail.” If you'd like to send them something, they are currently being held in the Kaufman County jail, though in coming weeks they will eventually be transferred to a federal facility. As they mentioned, don't send them anything typed or printed or photocopied, because they won't get it.
Barrett Brown, No. 45047-177
Kaufman Law Enforcement Center
P.O. Box 849
Kaufman, TX 75142
The news came out last week that the NCC is looking to create a "signature development" on LeBreton Flats. That has long been a dream location for an arena for Senators fans - in fact, it is a dream that has been around longer than the team has been. So, unsurprisingly, the NCC announcement was met with a swift response on social media with people suggesting a new NHL arena on the site.
The Senators released a statement on the topic, "We are aware that the LeBreton Flats site is large enough to accommodate a downtown professional sports arena. Before giving this serious consideration, Senators Sports & Entertainment would need to explore whether this concept is something that the people of Ottawa would desire and support."
It doesn't sound like they're very warm to the idea. But then, they're not the only ones. Frankly, I agree. As nice as it would be to have an arena on the Flats the timeframe doesn't make much sense, and the other options being discussed for LeBreton are either things Ottawa doesn't have or are things that have a more urgent need to find a new home than the still-functional CTC.
Still, CTC is reaching the age where it's a good idea to start the long term planning for a new barn and dreaming about where it could go. but if not LeBreton Flats, then where else could it go? I limited myself to the following restrictions:
No LeBreton or Bayview
It doesn't have to be downtown, just inside the greenbelt
Has space occupied by a building that will need to come down anyways or space that is unused
Here are the three best spots I came up with.
1867 St. Laurent
In what could eventually turn out to be a "You got your peanut butter on my chocolate!" moment for LeBreton, the day after the NCC news came the news that the Canada Science and Technology Museum has been closed indefinitely while they deal with mould in their "temporary" 47-year location.
If they do somehow find the funding to build a new location at LeBreton, that would (in theory) open up their current site at St. Laurent and Lancaster. Their main building has about the same footprint as CTC, and while the rest of the grounds don't provide the same sprawl as the CTC parking lots they are big enough for several thousand parking spaces.
Sure, it's not downtown, but it's a whole lot closer to it than the Kanata-Stittsville border. It's not ideal for access, but it's not that bad either. There are three separate highway interchanges within 3km of the site that would send people in different directions, and game day bus service could provide a quick connection to the Confederation Line LRT station at St. Laurent or even Tremblay. The area around there is no Byward Market or Elgin Street in terms of entertainment options - but the fact that there actually are entertainment options within walking distance is a huge improvement.
A catch could be the nearby residential. While it would be immediately surrouned by commercial, industrial and office space, the low rise offices on Lancaster provide only a thin buffer between a new arena and the Sheffield Glen community. The residential stretch of Smyth Road between St. Laurent and the Ottawa General Hospital would probably also see a big increase in traffic on event nights.
300 Coventry
This is the current site of the Ottawa Baseball Stadium, home of the Ottawa Lynx Rapidz Voyageurs Fat Cats dust bunnies the size of bears Champions.
The stadium itself opened in 1993, putting it a few years older (and a few years closer to end-of-life) than the CTC which is an indication that replacement timelines could work out nicely. The footprint of the stadium is about the same as CTC, but space parking would be significantly reduced. The good news is that the site is walking distance to both the future Tremblay stop on the Confederation Line which should significantly cut down on the need for parking, and from the VIA station for fans coming to games from outside of the area.
Downsides? Not much in the way of entertainment nearby - certainly none within walking distance, unless you count the food section in Canadian Tire. It also butts up against the Overbrook community. They wouldn't quite be immediate neighbors, but it would be very close. Then there's the matter of the 10 year lease the city signed with the Can-Am baseball league - but that assumes they find a way to make the new team last that long.
101 Colonels By
Currently the main site of NDHQ, it is due to be vacant after DND finishes relocating to the former Nortel campus on Carling - a process scheduled to start late next year. The building is pretty widely expected to be demolished and replaced by... well, something.
Never mind LeBreton Flats. This, ladies and gentlemen, is probably the holy grail of dream arena locations in Ottawa. Public transit? Walking distance from two of the Confederation Line stations. Entertainment? Walking distance from the Byward Market and from Elgin. Hotels? Lots of them. Shopping? Rideau Centre is right across the street. From some areas of the city you could skate to the game! And for once the NCC could be a help - they would have to sign off on the look of it (at least the side facing the canal), so we wouldn't end up with a bland exterior.
All is not perfect though. The site is big enough for the building, but that's about it. The only onsite parking would likely be the loading docks and someplace for the zambonis. Definitely no public parking. It's either transit, or parking elsewhere downtown and walking.
The other problem? Assuming the government is willing to part with that land (or even lease it), it's going to be expensive and probably a bidding war. While such a location would bring the opportunity for extra earnings, those may be outweighed by the extra cost of acquiring it and may also be more limited compared to what other potential buyers could do.
I'm sure there are other locations around the city that could work as well, so let's hear about them in the comments.
NeverNude Prototype An electronics geeks tribute to one of the greatest shows of all time. Favorited Favorite 0
Today, I would like to introduce you to my latest creation - the NeverNude prototype in honor of the new season of [Arrested Development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrested_Development_(TV_series) that will be released on Netflix on May 26th. If you're not familiar with the show, I hope this ridiculous project piques your interest enough to watch this hilarious series.
There are so many amazingly ridiculous things that happen in this show that it's difficult to select only one to celebrate. However, I have a particular affinity for Tobias Fünke's "never-nude" condition. Prior to moving out west I was hiding from adulthood and working on my doctorate in Gainesville, Florida. It's home to the University of Florida, the Gators. A part of my heart and soul remains in this town, but I will never understand the football fervor. People live and die by Gator football in this little town that magically juxtaposes a typical liberal university town with its redneck roots. If there's a single unifying icon of this bizarre conflation, it's jorts. Here's a little backstory.
So, back to Arrested Development. I nearly lost it just past the eight minute mark in the episode In God We Trust when Tobias's "never-nude" condition is revealed. This particular aspect of the show always stuck with me - must be nostalgia from my time in jorts-country or growing up with a father that donned ripped jean cut-offs like a uniform.
Just before end of day on Friday I decided that I wanted to spend the evening playing with some of our electroluminescent (EL) offerings. I didn't have a particular project in mind so I reached out via social media for ideas. A conversation with a friend surrounding a project that would require a flesh-toned leotard eventually led to a "never-nude" reference. Moments later I found myself drawing up the NeverNude prototype.
Rough sketch of NeverNude prototype
I found an old pair of jeans just waiting to be reborn as a NeverNude prototype. I opened a text document and set the dimensions to match the EL panels. After finding the font size that would perfectly fit the panels I printed "NEVER" and "NUDE." I then cut out the printed letters and taped them to the EL panels.
Printed letters taped to EL panels
The EL panels made for a perfect fit in the back pockets of this pair of jeans. I cut out squares from the outer layer of denim so I could tuck the panels into the pockets and use the existing seams to keep them in place. In my excited haste I made my cuts a little bigger than I would have liked. Hooray for prototyping - I'll get it right in the final product. I was pretty happy with the prototype so I slid the inverters into the front pockets and cut the pants into jorts.
It's ALIVE!
I tweeted a picture of the prototype to the "never-nude" himself, David Cross. The next morning I discovered that they had "Favorited" the tweet. I have to admit that was rather satisfying.
Things you don't expect to see in your Twitter feed...
In the final product I will adhere fabric or vinyl letters to the EL panels and hide the wires inside the shorts errr jorts. You could also easily lengthen the wires from one of the EL panels, attach a JST connector, and plug both panels into the same inverter. This would also allow for better timing with the flashing.
If you happen to be running the Rave Run 5k in Denver next Saturday be on the lookout for the flashing NeverNude prototype as you pass me!
And remember, there is always money in the banana stand.
0
As Spider-Man: Homecoming continues filming in Atlanta, set photos aren't the only things leaking out. A host of young, talented, and diverse stars have been announced as part of the cast, but there's at least one more as today brings word of Angourie Rice's casting in an unknown role.
Rice hasn't been working in Hollywood for too long, but they recently appeared alongside Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe in The Nice Guys, in which they played Gosling's on-screen daughter. The actor was one of the surprise breakouts, and now she'll follow up this appearance with a performance opposite Tom Holland in the Marvel/Sony co-production. Them feature film debut was in 2013's These Final Hours, and they previously voiced Jade in Walking With Dinosaurs 3D.
THR was the first to report the news of Rice's casting in Spider-Man: Homecoming. Though plot details are unknown at this time, the film will take the character of Peter Parker back to high school. Holland made their debut as the Marvel web-slinger in Captain America: Civil War, which may have secretly hinted at Holland's film; in addition to a Spidey-centric post-credits scene, the word “homecoming” was part of a sequence of words used to activate The Winter Soldier.
Other cast members in Homecoming include Marisa Tomei as Aunt May, Robert Downey Jr. reprising their Iron Man role, Michael Keaton as the villain (reportedly Vulture), Disney Channel star Zendaya, Logan Marshall-Green (Prometheus), Tony Revolori (The Grand Budapest Hotel), Martin Starr (Silicon Valley), Hannibal Buress (Broad City), Abraham Attah (Beasts of No Nation), Donald Glover (Community), and Michael Barbieri (Little Men) — and those are just the ones we know about so far.
Directed by Jon Watts from a screenplay by John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein, Spider-Man: Homecoming is scheduled to hit theaters on July 7, 2017.
With production nearing completion on Marvel Studios' newest addition to the MCU – Doctor Strange – news ought to be slowing down until we get our first hints at a trailer. Fortunately, MCUExchange has recently learned that The Sorcerer Supreme themselves has been spotted filming scenes at one of science's great landmarks: the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland.
Since it went online in 2008, the LHC (the world's largest particle accelerator) has been at the center of the scientific community's efforts to discover more about the quantum nature of science. From the discovery of the long predicted Higgs boson particle to tetraquarks, CERN's LHC has been a key instrument in pursuing knowledge beyond the standard model of physics.
What could Earth's Sorcerer Supreme be doing at such a place? Fans shouldn't be too surprised to see science come into play in a Marvel Studio's film, but in a film about magic, it may come as a bit of a surprise. However, in 2014, Marvel Studios' President Kevin Feige told Badass Digest's (now Birth.Movies.Death) Devin Faraci that the magic in Doctor Strange might tie right into the world of quarks and supersymmetry.
Are you watching the Cosmos series? That's magic, [the quantum physics]. It's unbelievable. If somebody knew how to tap into that stuff, what's the difference between that and magic?
Particularly interesting in light of this information is another quote from that article that could explain WHY Stephen Strange might go to CERN:
You don't get into it in Harry Potter, but if a scientist went to Hogwarts he'd find out how some of that stuff is happening! We're not going to spend a lot of time on that, but there will be some of that. And particularly for a character like Strange, who goes from a man of science to a man of faith and who traverses both worlds. And sometimes there won't be an answer! Sometimes he'll want an answer – “How is this happening?!” – and nothing.
Perhaps the doctor goes in search of answers to their newly found powers and ends up in Switzerland. This is certainly an interesting little scoop and we are curious to see what implications the Doctor's visit may portend for the film's central plot.
Doctor Strange is scheduled to hit theaters November 4, 2016. For all things Doctor Strange, be sure to follow here.
Ferrari World is a stunning theme park located 30 minutes away from Abu Dhabi, on Yas Island, in the United Arab Emirates. When seeing this project of immense proportions, I immediately thought that it has to be in Dubai, but here's a country with more than one opulent and extravagant attractions. According to the official news we found on the Ferrari site: “Ferrari World Abu Dhabi is set to be the world's largest indoor theme park, sitting under a roof designed in the style of a classic double-curve body shell of a Ferrari. There is energy, excitement and passion for the entire family at Ferrari World Abu Dhabi. With over 20 rides and attractions, including the world's fastest roller coaster, Ferrari World is more than a theme park – it is the total Ferrari experience.”
The main building's height is 45 m (147.6 ft) and the total surface area of the roof measures 200,000 m2 (2,152,782 ft2). These are fascinating figures for a theme park. The Ferrari imprinted logo also has impressive dimensions: 65 m x 48.5 m, said to be the largest ever created. Ferrari World will be open to the public starting October 28, 2010. Can you feel the upcoming thrill?
Expectant parents, back away from the baby-name books.
Okay, a peek or two probably won't hurt you. But if you're planning on trashing "15,000 Baby Names" for the even-lengthier "The Baby Name Countdown: 140,000 Popular and Unusual Baby Names," you may be setting yourself up for a fall.
Psychologists are finding that more choices often lead to more paralysis and regret, and baby names seem to be no exception.
"There isn't hard data, partially because I don't know of any accessible data on name changes," said baby-name expert Laura Wattenberg. "But as a percentage of my mail … remorse from parents who have already chosen names is rising." [Most Hated& Most Popular Baby Names]
What's in a name?
In a two-part post on their blog, The Baby Name Wizard, Wattenberg explores this name-remorse phenomenon. Parents want the perfect name for the baby, they told LiveScience, and for good reason — evidence suggests names can influence a child later in life. For example, boys given feminine names experience more disciplinary problems in school, probably related to teasing and insecurity. Studies have also shown that a name's racial background can send signals to hiring managers, with one well-known 2003 study from the National Bureau of Economic Research finding that resumes with "white" names were more likely to receive callbacks than identical resumes with "black" names.
At the same time, names reveal more about a child and a child's parents than ever before. According to Wattenberg, it took a list of six names to cover half of the population of children born in England in 1800 (U.S. Social Security Administration records don't begin until 1880). By 1950 in the United States, that number was up to 79. Today, it takes 546 names to cover half of the population of U.S. babies born.
What that means, Wattenberg said, is that names send more tailored messages now than in the days when there were significant numbers of little Johns and Marys running around.
"Names are becoming more important as they're becoming more diverse, because every choice sends a stronger signal," said Wattenberg, author of "The Baby Name Wizard: A Magical Method for Finding the Perfect Name for Your Baby". "When you're choosing names from around the world or you're inventing your own name, that comes with a more powerful message."
Name remorse
Almost invariably, name-hunting parents are looking for something appealing but unique, Wattenberg said. That's a tough standard, given that appealing names are generally popular by definition. As a result, baby name books have become thicker and thicker, with the record-holder currently swollen with 140,000 names. (The catch, Wattenberg said, is that these enormous name dictionaries usually count every possible spelling of a name separately, inflating their totals.) [The Name Game: Quiz Yourself on Popular Monikers]
The problem with this name explosion is that psychologists don't necessarily find that having more choices is better. To explain this phenomenon, Swarthmore College researcher Barry Schwartz coined the term "the paradox of choice." Schwartz's research suggests that the more choices we have, the more stressful those choices become. And even if we make a perfectly serviceable choice, we're more hampered by regret.
That's what Wattenberg says they see in advice-seeking parents with name remorse. Some are frustrated because their unique baby name keeps getting mispronounced. Others learn of some distressing association with the name after they chose it and stamped it on Baby, they said. But most parents they hear from simply feel that another choice on their top 10 list would have fit their baby better.
"Maybe Jude would have fit better than Luke and totally changed your baby's life," said Wattenberg, summing up parents' thoughts.
Wattenberg said their advice for parents with name remorse goes in two directions. If Mom or Dad simply feels that their 6-week-old just doesn't seem like a Jude, it may be prudent to relax.
"Kids grow into their names in ways you can't predict," Wattenberg said.
On the other hand, "I think we're all a little too scared about changing an infant's name," they said. Very young babies get called by a variety of nicknames anyway, they pointed out, and they're unlikely to care or notice a name switch early on.
But the best bet may be heading off name remorse before birth.
'The chances that you need to look beyond the 25,000 best names is very slim," Wattenberg said, adding that after a certain point, baby name books are just throwing in "the dregs."
"We're always looking to make our lists bigger," Wattenberg said. "Just remind yourself to make your list smaller — and if you have a bunch of good options, that's a wonderful situation to be in. That means that they will all be fine."
President Barack Obama said on Friday they do not want to permanently extend tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, sending another signal they are willing to forge some sort of compromise with newly emboldened Republicans to win an extension for the middle class.
The White House has been hinting it may be willing to come to some kind of deal on the cuts, which Republicans, heartened by their election successes this month, want to extend for the rich as well as the middle class.
“I continue to believe that extending permanently the upper-income tax cuts would be a mistake and that we can't afford it,” Obama said at a news conference at the end of the G20 summit in South Korea.
“And my hope is, is that somewhere in between there we can find some sort of solution.”
Obama meets next week with Democratic and Republican congressional leaders. The cuts enacted under their predecessor George W. Bush and expiring at the end of the year are expected to be a focus of their discussions.
“My number-one priority is making sure that we make the middle-class tax cuts permanent, that we give certainty to the 98 percent of Americans who are affected by those tax breaks,” Obama said.
“That is my number one priority for those families and for our economy. I also believe that it would be fiscally irresponsible for us to permanently extend the high income tax cuts. I think that would be a mistake, particularly when we've got our Republican friends saying that their number 1 priority is making sure that we are dealing with our debt and our deficit.”
Obama's Democrats will control both houses of the U.S. Congress through the end of 2010. If there is no deal by then, the new Congress, which will feature a House of Representatives with a Republican majority after a strong showing in November 2 elections, could take up the issue again in January.
Obama and their fellow Democrats want to extend the tax cuts only to families making less than $250,000 a year, while Republicans want them extended to all Americans.
Obama has insisted tax cuts for the wealthiest should not become permanent because of a potential $700 billion impact on the deficit over the next decade. They have left the door open to a temporary extension for higher income levels.
Obama adviser David Axelrod told The Huffington Post website this week there are concerns Congress will continue passing temporary extensions for the wealthy “but I don't want to trade away security for the middle class in order to make that point.”
Axelrod, asked about the article, said by e-mail that the Huffington Post's conclusion that Obama was ready to accept an across-the-board temporary continuation of the tax cuts was overwritten and contained nothing Obama had not already said.
“That is the wrong interpretation because I haven't had a conversation with Democratic and Republican leaders,” said Obama regarding the article.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle, editing by Sanjeev Miglani)
Source: Reuters US Online Report Politics News
Additional links from Reuters US Online Report Politics News
Reuters services for news professionals
Reuters Pictures – Search, select, buy
Share your news photos and videos with Reuters and Yahoo!
Reuters Reporter Blogs
With additional reporting by Raw Story.
Mochila insert follows…
Even though they were forced to sit out the first three games of the regular season due to a suspension, Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell will enter Week 14 with 1,318 all-purpose yards which currently has them ranked fifth overall in the league in that statistical category. With that said, former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb had an interesting comment about Bell during a Monday morning interview on ESPN Radio's ‘Mike & Mike' show.
“Le'Veon Bell's been running the football, but it hasn't been the Le'Veon Bell that we've seen over the years,” McNabb said.
Are McNabb's comments justified? Also, is they only talking about Bell as a ball carrier?
I guess if you looked at Bell's average yards per carry so far this season (4.5) and compared it to their 4.9 average that they posted last season before going down injured, you could make an argument that their ground production is down. With that said, as of Sunday, Bell has now registered 100 yards from scrimmage in four consecutive games for the Steelers and in eight of their nine games played in 2016.
Sure, Bell only has one run of 20 yards or longer so far this season, but they have managed to register 3 receptions that resulted in explosive plays. Bell is more than just a ball carrier for the Steelers and McNabb should certainly know that by now. As a whole, the only real negative thing that I can say about Bell right now is that they need to protect the football better as he's now fumbled four times so far this season.
Moving past McNabb's comments about Bell, the former quarterback also said during their Monday interview that they believe the Baltimore Ravens will ultimately wind up winning the AFC North division this year.
“I think they're going to win the AFC North,” McNabb said. “I do, I really do, because Pittsburgh has been so shaky this season.”
While the Steelers have indeed been shaky at times this season, you really can say the same thing about the Ravens and especially when it comes to how their offense has played. Remember, this is a Ravens team that lost four games in a row earlier in the season. I think we'll get a good idea of what kind of team the Ravens really are next Sunday when they go on the road to play the New England Patriots.
McNabb also gave one other reason as to why they think the Ravens will ultimately beat out the Steelers in the AFC North this year.
“Defensively, it seems at times they [the Steelers] forget how to tackle,” McNabb said.
This post was updated April 29 at 1:25 p.m.
Students will be able to rent bikes throughout campus and Westwood Village beginning fall 2016.
The bike-share program will allow students to rent a bike for a fee and return it to any other station hub. UCLA Transportation Services officials said in an email statement they decided to pursue the program after Santa Monica's bike-share system proved successful.
Transportation officials said they planned possible bike-hub locations, but anticipate they may change before they release a solidified implementation plan by mid-summer. They added they could not estimate the cost of the program.
A vendor called CycleHop will operate the bike-share program. CycleHop operates Santa Monica's existing Breeze Bike Share program, and will host West Hollywood's as well, so students will be able to pick up a bike from UCLA and drop it off in a neighboring city.
Andrew Thomas, executive director of the Westwood Village Improvement Association, which operates the Westwood Business Improvement District, said they think the program will make the Village more accessible to students.
“Students don't want to walk 15 to 20 minutes to the Village when they only have so much time to get lunch,” said Thomas. “If it's possible to hop on a bike and get there in five minutes, it would give them more options and bring in more business.”
Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority officials also plan to implement a citywide bike-share program. It will not be operated by the same vendor as UCLA, but Metro officials are working to make their program compatible, said Metro spokesperson Dave Sotero in an email statement.
Metro's program will begin this summer, with 65 stations open throughout downtown Los Angeles. Metro officials added they plan to expand the program to other communities in the following years.
Gloria Zhang, a second-year economics student, said they don't think many students will use the bike-share program because it's difficult to bike around the crowded campus. They added they don't think students will go to Westwood Village for lunch because there are several dining options available on campus.
Other students said they think the program will be useful. Varadh Jain, a fourth-year mathematics and economics student, said they think the program would create a safer environment for bike riders and help others be more aware of those on wheels.
Christos Kampouridis, a graduate student in mechanical engineering, said they think the program will only be beneficial if UCLA creates several drop-off locations on campus. They added they would use the program if it could help them avoid having their bike stolen again.
Amazon's Voice-Activated Devices Are Going To Be Super Cheap On Prime Day
Listen, it's up to you whether or not you want to partake in the annual panic-shopping event that is Amazon Prime Day. But if you do, Amazon is offering some pretty big discounts across the board on its Alexa-powered digital devices.
Amazon is cutting the prices on a few of its voice-activated speakers:
• The Echo will be discounted 50%, dropping from its regular price of $179.99 to $89.99
• The Echo Dot gets a $15 cut from its original $49.99, making it $34.99
• Amazon Tap is $50 off, at $79.90 instead of $129.99.
The sales start at 9 p.m. ET and last through 3 am. ET July 12, which yes, is longer than a day. For those who already own an Alexa-powered speaker, sales start two hours early, including some discounts exclusively for people ordering through Amazon devices.
This brings the Echo much closer to the price of Alibaba's new device, recently launched a $73 Echo competitor in China. It's also $10 cheaper than the Google Home.
Next Game: Nebraska 2/11/2016 | 7:00 PM
Feb. 7, 2016
Box Score
Rachel Banham tied the NCAA single-game scoring record with 60 points in a 112-106 double-overtime victory. The senior shattered the Minnesota (44) and Big Ten (49) records to lead their team past Northwestern.
Banham was the first Minnesota player to score 40 or more points since Lindsay Whalen had 41 on Feb. 14, 2002.  They are one of two Big Ten players, men's or women's, to score 60. (Rick Mount of Purdue scored 61.) The school scoring record set by Carol Ann Shudlick had stood since 1993.
The teams spent nearly equal amounts of time with the lead in the first half, but the Golden Gophers (16-7, 8-4 Big Ten) trailed by as much as 10 before coming back to force overtime. They completed a season sweep of the Wildcats (14-10, 3-9 Big Ten).
Banham scored 20 points in the first, 22 in the second and 18 in the overtime periods. They shot 19-of-32, including 8-for-15 from 3-point range, and 14-for-16 from the free throw line.
br />Carlie Wagner, the other half of the nation's leading scoring duo, added 21 points to Banham's 60. The Gophers turned in their highest-scoring game of the year.
Maggie Lyon led Northwestern with 31 points and Nia Coffey had 28.
Introversion Software recently released a video sharing their surprise about how poorly their latest game, Scanner Sombre, has done for the PC, moving only 6000+ units. It cameas a surprise to them because their last title, Prison Architect, did incredibly well, selling well over 2 million units. They've received a lot of guff from the gamer and developer populace for their perceived arrogance and foolishness at having such lofty expectations. Many say that the right thing to do would have been to capitalize on the success of Prison Architect by making a sequel or another “Architect” style of game. I'm here to argue making Scanner Sombre was not only the right thing for Introversion Software to do, it was the only thing they could do.
There are More Reliable ways to Make Money
Mark Morris essentially says it themselves in the video:
“Yeah, I think that people will mock us and say about us, well you guys were idiots, y'know. You had prison architect, you shoulda done airport architect, you shoulda done parkitecht...”
They underline this point later on by saying:
“If we were hardnosed business people, we wouldn't be working in the games industry...if that's genuinely what drives you, to make you that rich, just go and work in the City and be a management consultant. There are plenty of other routes to huge wealth that are a lot more reliable than what we do.”
There is and has always been a struggle between any art form and the business that drives it. A responsible indie game developer lives the struggle between art and commerce everyday. You need the art to sustain you spiritually, but you also need to protect your physical and mental well-being by making enough money to support a decent quality of life (even more so if you are a dev with a family and the responsibilities that entails).
Prison Architect was a once in a lifetime success story that succeeded beyond Introversion's wildest dreams and made them a lot of money. The idea that they would then turn around and think about ways to make even more money simply goes against who they are as a studio. The money is great, no doubt, but what it bought them was a chance to make a game in a shorter time span without the fear that it would bring the studio to the brink of financial ruin. It is a situation that I am quite honestly envious of as Squeaky Wheel pins its hopes of survival on our next game. But more on that later.
When I cofounded Squeaky Wheel after working on Prison Architect, it probably made sense to make a similar systems driven game to pitch to a publisher. Instead, we made a political strategy game called Political Animals.
This man and the general public see things differently.
On November 8, roughly 60 percent of Americans held an unfavorable view of Donald Trump. But the GOP nominee won the presidency, anyway, because the nonvoting population is large and left-leaning, and because our founding fathers decided that picking presidents by national popular vote would unfairly deny Southern states the right to leverage their slaves into disproportionate political power.
And so Trump is headed to the White House, having secured the support of roughly 25 percent of all registered voters, many of whom claimed to dislike them even as they marked their name on their ballots.
This, combined with the Republican Party's success at party-building (and gerrymandering) at the state level, leaves us in an odd circumstance: The American electorate has just given the president-elect and their party full control of government, even as a majority of voters disdains them both.
A new poll from Politico and the Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health illustrates one of the many implications of this strange state of affairs: Trump voters and the general public would like to see the president-elect prioritize very different parts of their platform.
Among the president-elect's backers, 85 percent say repealing and replacing Obamacare should be a top priority; among the general public, that figure is 44 percent. (A separate Quinnipiac poll, released Friday, finds a mere 18 percent of the public wants to see the Affordable Care Act repealed in its entirety, with a plurality favoring the repeal of just some parts of the law).
Similarly, while 78 percent of Trump voters told Politico that they want them to prioritize preventing illegal immigration, just 38 percent of all voters said the same. And while 67 percent of Trumpists want to see major increases in defense spending, only 43 percent of the broader public agrees.
The most popular Trump proposal among all voters — new infrastructure spending — is also the least popular among their own backers, although the idea garners roughly 50 percent support from both groups.
This divergence in opinion would seem to put Trump in a bind: Delivering for their base and growing its ranks appear to be mutually exclusive goals.
However, there is one major policy item on which Trump's supporters and the general public are in overwhelming agreement: More than 80 percent of both groups don't think they should cut taxes on rich people.
So, if there's one thing we can be sure of, it's that Trump and their party will not prioritize reducing the tax burdens of the wealthy. After all, it's not like we're living in a failed republic where the preferences of the economic elite carry more weight than those of 80 percent of voters. Right?
Have you ever asked yourself:
“How can I improve my Lindy Hop / Balboa?”
or
“What can I do to become a better swing dancer?”
or have you heard:
“I'm stuck, I have reached a plateau and I can't make any more progress.”?
I hear these and similar questions and statements all the time.
Therefore I have compiled a list of more and less obvious tips & actions – in no particular order – that will push your dancing forward. Some of these points are related to one or more others.
Additionally, I recently asked the question on Facebook and Twitter: “What tip would you give to your friend, if he/she asks you, how to become a better dancer?“.
You'll find a summary of the answers as a bonus later in this post. But first, let's start with the list.
Tips & Actions that bring your Dancing to a New Level
1. Practice regularly
At least once a week, the more the merrier. It doesn't matter if you do it alone or with a partner.
2. Watch dancers you like
Ask yourself, what do you like about other dancer's dancing: rhythm? moves? musicality? simplicity? complexity?
3. Watch YouTube clips
Class reviews, competitions, teacher's presentations, performances, old clips, …
4. Practice Solo Jazz and Charleston steps
Extend your repertoire of steps and movements.
5. Watch instructional DVDs
There are plenty of them published by international swing dance instructors. Find out, what are the similarities and differences between the concepts of different instructors.
6. Listen to Jazz
What kind of music makes you dancing, what not?
7. Learn about the AABA jazz form
The 32-bar AABA structure is the most used form in jazz/swing music. This is related to musicality.
8. Take private lessons
Get individual feedback and inspiration. Probably the best way to quickly improve your dancing.
9. Go social dancing
Hey, that's obvious! Yes it is, but not for everybody 🙂
10. Join a competition team
It might be easier for some of you to compete in a group instead on your own.
11. Learn a routine/choreography
You can do that on your own (alone, with a dance partner or in a team/group) or you can take classes.
12. Watch dance movies
Get inspired. Steal moves, even if it's not a swing dance movie.
13. Participate in a Jack & Jill competition
Jack & Jill competitions are for fun, so don't take it too seriously. Competitions can push you forward to learn new moves or variations. It can be very inspiring (I know, though, not everybody likes to compete).
14. Join a performance group
Do you like to perform? Then join or even establish a performance group.
15. Run a practice session with dance buddies
That's especially interesting, when your buddies are more or less on the same dance level. You can teach each other new moves or you can give direct feedback to each other.
16. Listen to swing music
Do it as often as possible. Get the feeling for the music. The Song of the Week is a great starting point to find danceable songs.
17. Attend a dance workshop
Instead of just taking classes. It's more intense, sometimes even overwhelming, but it brings you to new heights much faster.
18. Listen to blues music
This is related to Jazz and swing. Learn the difference of the styles. What feelings do you get while listening?
19. Learn about the 12-bar blues form
Beside the AABA form, this is the most used form in swing music. Also related to musicality.
20. Attend a Lindy Exchange
The focus is usually more on the social aspect of dancing. Often without classes, but with lots of social activities. Meet new people, get inspired.
21. Register for Herrang Dance Camp or another camp
Camps that last a week or even longer are quite different to workshop weekends. You can dive into the swing dance world and forget about everything else. You even start to dream swing :)! A perfect environment for grand strides.
22. Attend a musicality class
Learn the difference between micro and macro musicality.
23. Read the biographies of Franke Manning and Norma Miller
If you like biographies, then you should read at least these two (see: book tips). Also interesting: biographies about jazz musicians.
24. Watch documentaries
You can start directly here on the blog with these:
25. Learn other dances than swing dances
Three advantages:
1. You learn the differences and similarities.
2. Your body learns new ways of moving.
3. You get new moves and variations you can include in your swing dancing.
26. Teach a taster class
While teaching, you get a different point of view to the dance.
27. Dress up for events
Style is king and encourages self-esteem.
28. Participate in a Strictly competition
Similar to Jack & Jill competitions. In Strictly competitions, the focus is on partnership: lead and follow, harmony etc. So, you usually sign up with your regular dance partner. This is another great way to improve your dancing, especially when you like competitions.
29. Learn the opposite role
Learn to follow as a leader and learn to lead as a follower. It not only helps you to improve your dancing, you also start to appreciate more your partner's skills!
30. Teach a regular class in your local swing scene
The same as teaching a taster class, while teaching regular classes goes much further. You have to be able to break down steps, moves and variations, to make it understandable and easy to learn from you. It's obvious, that your dancing will improve automatically.
31. Learn/Play an instrument
To play an instrument gives you another angle to the music. By the way, Herrang Dance Camp is offering a swing orchestra class in week 5 – for the third time in 2012!
32. Become a swing DJ
Why not spinning yourself from time to time? You learn a lot about music while discovering danceable tunes. If you are interested in swing DJ'ing, then you can sign up for my Swing DJ Resources emails.
33. Learn about jazz dance history & culture
That doesn't directly improve your dancing, but your alliance with the dance gets closer for sure.
Bonus
As I wrote earlier in this post, I asked my Facebook friends and Twitter followers for their tips. Here is a summary and some interesting statements.
Most mentioned:
Take privates
Music: listen a lot of music, enjoy music, feel the music, be the music, play with the music
Social dancing, practice, have fun
Interesting statements:
Alice Mei: “Become a better person!”
Tina Loppacher: “Don't judge yourself too harshly.”
Carl Nelson: “Dedicated and disciplined practice. Break your education down into parts while also developing a larger mental model of your goals.”
Jeanie B: “Learn to be generous.”
What tip would you give?
Now it's your turn! Let me know in the comment section below, what else could be done to become a better swing dancer!?
[Editor's Note: Matthew Eggemeier is associate professor at the College of the Holy Cross. They teach courses on political and liberation theologies, ecological theology, and Catholic theology.  They are currently completing a book titled, Ekklesial Resistance: Radical Democracy and Political Theology, and is co-authoring (with Peter Fritz) a book on Catholicism and neoliberal capitalism. The book, titled Send Lazarus: Capitalism, Catholicism, and the Politics of Mercy, is currently under consideration for publication in 2019 by Fordham University Press. They spoke to Charles Camosy about the new book, and capitalism and the Church.]
Camosy: There seems to be growing sense of unease with capitalism. From ongoing discussions about income equality and taxation, to Pope Francis's forceful criticisms of the market, the topic is very much a live one. So your project seems particularly timely.
Eggemeier: Yes, but my co-author and I have a long-time interest in economic justice. This led us to offer team-taught courses at the College of the Holy Cross on Catholic social teaching and capitalism. Our courses created a space for students to carefully evaluate the capitalist world in which they live in light of moral and theological concerns.
As we taught them, we were struck that while Catholic social teaching says many affirmative things about capitalism in general, it uniformly opposes capitalism's most recent variant, neoliberalism. Scholars and journalists tend not to make this important distinction between capitalism and neoliberalism, and as of yet there are no systematic analyses of the Catholic tradition's response to neoliberalism.
We want to mark that distinction and to describe neoliberalism's distinctive threats to creation, human persons, and Catholic life.
So, you see an important distinction between capitalism and neoliberalism?
Yes. But maybe first I should say what neoliberalism is not. It's not “new progressivism” or “new leftism.” Instead, it's a name for a new form of capitalism.
Its first theorists were political conservatives who wanted to defend capitalism (economic liberalism: free markets) from government intervention. For them, the state should be used not to intervene in markets, but to create and sustain them.
Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher adopted this approach to government. Eventually, with Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, and others neoliberalism was also adopted by politicians on the “left.” Now, this new capitalism is everywhere.
Recent popes had much to say about this, yes?
Benedict XVI is particularly interesting here. In Charity in Truth (2009) they distinguish between three spaces of society, each with their own integrity and logic: The economic (commerce, market exchange), the political (justice, redistribution), and civil society (gift, love).
Benedict cautions that in our time markets and economic logic have thinned and overtaken the other two social spaces and their logics. He's describing neoliberalism's fundamental thrust: An attempt to subject every sphere of life to market calculations.
It's important to recall that Benedict XVI was writing Charity in Truth amid the 2007-2008 financial crisis. A central concern in that text was that the political realm was being instrumentalized to prop up banks that had caused the crisis, with markets' health being prioritized over that of human persons.
St. John Paul II rejected such totalizing economization, too, starting with their 1981 encyclical Laborem Exercens. It is a consistent theme in Catholic social teaching.
The financial crisis exemplifies how politics increasingly serves the market. Do you see something similar taking place in civil society, or areas of life that are not explicitly political and economic? Places like our schools, churches, neighborhoods, and families?
For sure. Perhaps the most powerful thing about neoliberalism is its trickle-down effect to everyday life. How it reshapes society at large in the market's image. Interestingly, in contrast to other cultural and political realities that shape our lives, neoliberalism has transformed our lives subtly and almost imperceptibly by habituating Catholics into practices contrary to the Catholic faith.
Soviet Communism's threat to Catholicism was obvious, with its overt atheism and disdain for human dignity and freedom. Neoliberalism is different. It stealthily seduces us into not being concerned with precisely what Jesus says should most concern us: A life of mercy.
This sounds like Pope Francis.
Yes. Pope Francis has made this point forcefully in their own analysis of neoliberalism. They diagnose our cultural situation as one in which many people devote themselves to the idol of money, choosing mammon over God. They identify how “the faceless economy” distorts our values, what we give time and energy to, and what we are able to see or not.
For instance, Francis invokes the situation in which the stock market plunging several points demands virtually endless news coverage, but when a homeless person dies from exposure it is not newsworthy. Their point is that neoliberalism's logic affects us all, reducing our capacity for solidarity and our commitment to the common good.
How would you respond to someone who argues that bringing market metrics into the political realm and indeed every aspect of our lives can make our politics more efficient and optimize our lives, help us to live better? What is wrong with this desire?
Undoubtedly there's something attractive about this.
The popularity of Freakonomics, which promises to explain all kinds of everyday things in terms of economic calculation, shows that. People like ‘hard data'; it gives them clarity, or at least the perception of it.
Market calculation, it seems, is clear as anything. But we worry about what market calculation leaves out. Market calculations can't — they don't! — make our important life decisions for us. Market calculations don't lead us to pray. And seldom do market calculations really help us to love our neighbor.
Even worse, market calculations can give us new ways to exploit, denigrate, and kill our neighbors. Market calculations have revealed that it is very profitable to incarcerate African-Americans, Latinos, and the poor on a massive scale. Investors in private prisons may benefit from these calculations, but numerous communities are being ravaged by this same calculation.
The same can be said for businesses that profit from degrading God's creation. War supports markets perhaps better than any other human activity; if market calculations were the only consideration, people would be continually at war. And we think it is no accident that the neoliberalized USA has been at war for the past sixteen years…and counting.
Market calculation can't ultimately foster love—but it certainly can incentivize love's opposite.
So what is the central thing you hope to accomplish in your forthcoming book on neoliberalism?
We take seriously Francis's concern with the idolatry of money and devotion to the market, and set this on the background of traditional Catholic theology and practice of the works of mercy. We point to how, largely unknowingly, many Catholics devote their lives to something other than the living God — we worship wrongly and fail adequately to love our neighbors.
As we see it, Catholicism and neoliberalism ultimately offer completely divergent visions of life. We worry that neoliberalism is overtaking Catholicism in its influence, and to disastrous effect.
We intervene theologically, hoping that our fellow Catholics will recognize this situation, resist neoliberalism's advance by reclaiming politics and everyday life from the market, and direct their lives toward enacting God's mercy.
Concretely, we are concerned with neoliberalism's practical effects, how the neoliberal social system intensifies sinful and merciless behaviors.
In Send Lazarus we analyze four crises intensified by neoliberalism: Climate change, the worldwide proliferation of slums, mass incarceration, and mass deportation.
We engage these crises from the standpoint of a Catholic politics of mercy that instructs Catholics to visit the sick (climate change); give drink to the thirsty, feed the hungry, and shelter the homeless (slum proliferation); visit the prisoner and ransom the captive (mass incarceration); and welcome the stranger (mass deportation).
Sun The Sun tells us of the actual core of a person, the inner self, of that which is of central concern. It also shows us the general vitality and the ability to assert oneself, it describes a general tone of being which colors everything else.
Sign equivalent: Leo
Diameter: 1'390'000 km.
The Earth's orbit from Sun: 149'600'000km
Periode Earth - Sun: 365.25 Days
Moon The Moon represents our feelings and emotions, the receptivity, imagination and basic feeling tone of a person. It also has an effect on the sense of rhythm, time and timing, it influences our adaptability to change, our mobility and versatility.
Sign equivalent: Cancer
Orbit from Earth: 384'000km
Period: 27.32 Days
Mercury Mercury represents reason, reasonableness (common sense), that which is rational. It stands for the spoken and written word, putting in order, weighing and evaluating, the process of learning and skills.
Sign equivalents: Gemini and Virgo
Orbit from Sun: 57'910'000 km
Period: 88 Days
Venus Venus gives us a sense of beauty, the enjoyment of pleasure, aesthetic awareness, love of harmony, sociability, taking pleasure in relationships and eroticism.
Sign equivalents: Libra and Taurus
Orbit from Sun: 108'200'000 km
Period: 225 Days
Mars Mars represents the energy and drive of a person, their courage, determination, the freedom of spontaneous impulse. It also describes the readiness for action, the way one goes about doing things as well as simple aggression.
Sign equivalent: Aries
Orbit from Sun: 227'940'000 km
Period: 1,9 Years
Jupiter The search for individual meaning and purpose, optimism, hope and a sense of justice are represented by Jupiter. So also faith, a basic philosophy of life, the striving for spiritual growth and expansion.
Sign equivalent: Sagittarius
Orbit from Sun: 778'330'000 km
Period: 11,9 Years
Saturn Saturn shows how we experience "reality", where we meet with resistance and discover our limitations. It represents the conscience and moral conviction, the laws and rules which we choose to obey. It also tells us about our powers of endurance and the ability to concentrate, it lends qualities like earnestness, caution and reserve.
Sign equivalent: Capricorn
Orbit from Sun: 1'429'400'000 km
Period: 29,5 Years
Uranus Uranus stands for intuition, it transmits sudden inspiration and lightning insights. An openness for all that is new, unknown and unusual. A sort of wrong-headed contrariness is also associated with this planet. It is said to be characteristic of astrology as such.
Sign equivalent: Aquarius
Orbit from Sun: 2'870'990'000 km
Period: 84 Years
Neptune This planet gives us the supersensory, opens doors to mystical experience and the transcendental. On this level it is hard to discern where perception moves into deception, illusion and false appearances, and so Neptune is associated with all of these, with drugs and all kinds of pseudo-realities.
Sign equivalent: Pisces
Orbit from Sun: 4'504'300'000 km
Period: 165 Years
Millennials are storming back into the work force.Â
Friday'sÂ monthly jobs report showed that in January nonfarm payrolls grew by 257,000 in the US.Â And with revisions to recent reports, the past three months were the strongest for job creation in the US in 17 years.Â
The main driving force behind this trend? Millennials.
Workers between the ages of 25 and 34 have been surging back into the workforce over the past several years, with this trend really taking off in 2014.Â
Bill McBride over at Calculated Risk also wrote about this phenomenon on Monday, highlighting the coming rise of the prime-age working population â€” or those between the ages of 25 and 54. In economics speak, this would be considered a "demographic tailwind."Â
Young workers today are the middle-age, household-forming, tax-paying, consuming family heads of tomorrow.
This is the most important trend in the labor market right now. This is America's economic future.Â
25-34 More
FRED
More From Business Insider
Today, a quarter-century after the cold war's end, the west and Russia are again at odds. This time, at least on one side, the dispute is more transparently about geopolitical power, not ideology.
The west has supported in a variety of ways democratic movements in the post-Soviet region, hardly hiding its enthusiasm for the various “colour” revolutions that have replaced longstanding dictators with more responsive leaders – though not all have turned out to be the committed democrats they pretended to be.
Too many countries of the former Soviet bloc remain under the control of authoritarian leaders, including some, like the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, who have learned how to maintain a more convincing facade of elections than their communist predecessors.
They sell their system of “illiberal democracy” on the basis of pragmatism, not some universal theory of history. These leaders claim they are simply more effective at getting things done.
That is certainly true when it comes to stirring nationalist sentiment and stifling dissent. They have been less effective, however, in nurturing long-term economic growth. Once one of the world's two superpowers, Russia's GDP is now about 40% of Germany's and just over 50% of France's. Life expectancy at birth ranks 153rd in the world, just behind Honduras and Kazakhstan.
In terms of per capita income, Russia ranks 73rd (in terms of purchasing power parity) – well below the Soviet Union's former satellites in central and eastern Europe. The country has deindustrialised: the vast majority of its exports now come from natural resources. It has not evolved into a “normal” market economy, but rather into a peculiar form of crony-state capitalism.
Yes, Russia still punches above its weight in some areas, such as nuclear weapons. And it retains veto power at the United Nations. As the recent hacking of the Democratic Party in the United States shows, it has cyber capacities that enable it to be enormously meddlesome in western elections.
There is every reason to believe such intrusions will continue. Given Donald Trump's deep ties with unsavoury Russian characters (themselves closely linked to Putin), Americans are deeply concerned about potential Russian influences in the US – matters that may be clarified by ongoing investigations.
Donald Trump, the master of unreality, must be resisted at every turn | Joseph Stiglitz Read more
Many had much higher hopes for Russia, and the former Soviet Union more broadly, when the iron curtain fell. After seven decades of communism, the transition to a democratic market economy would not be easy. But, given the obvious advantages of democratic market capitalism to the system that had just fallen apart, it was assumed the economy would flourish and citizens would demand a greater voice.
What went wrong? Who, if anyone, is to blame? Could Russia's post-communist transition have been managed better?
We can never answer such questions definitively: history cannot be re-run. But I believe what we are confronting is partly the legacy of the flawed Washington consensus that shaped Russia's transition. This framework's influences were reflected in the tremendous emphasis that reformers placed on privatisation, no matter how it was done, with speed taking precedence over everything else, including creating the institutional infrastructure needed to make a market economy work.
Fifteen years ago, when I wrote Globalization and its Discontents, I argued that this “shock therapy” approach to economic reform was a dismal failure. But defenders of that doctrine cautioned patience: one could make such judgments only with a longer-run perspective.
Today, more than 25 years since the onset of transition, those earlier results have been confirmed, and those who argued that private property rights, once created, would give rise to broader demands for the rule of law have been proven wrong. Russia and many of the other transition countries are lagging further behind the advanced economies than ever. GDP in some transition countries is below its level at the beginning of the transition.
Many in Russia believe the US Treasury pushed Washington consensus policies to weaken their country. The deep corruption of the Harvard University team chosen to “help” Russia in its transition, described in a detailed account published in 2006 by Institutional Investor, reinforced these beliefs.
I believe the explanation was less sinister: flawed ideas, even with the best of intentions, can have serious consequences. And the opportunities for self-interested greed offered by Russia were simply too great for some to resist. Clearly, democratisation in Russia required efforts aimed at ensuring shared prosperity, not policies that led to the creation of an oligarchy.
The west's failures then should not undermine its resolve to work to create democratic states respecting human rights and international law. The US is struggling to prevent the Trump administration's extremism – whether it's a travel ban aimed at Muslims, science-denying environmental policies, or threats to ignore international trade commitments – from being normalised. But other countries' violations of international law, such as Russia's actions in Ukraine, cannot be normalised either.
• Joseph Stiglitz is a Nobel prizewinner in economics, professor at Columbia University, a former senior vice-president and chief economist of the World Bank, and one-time chair of the US president's council of economic advisers under Bill Clinton.
© Project Syndicate
By Deane Lewis
Owl Talons
Many owl species have feathered feet to protect them from cold weather. The feathers may also serve to sense contact with prey, and to protect against prey that might bite when seized.
An owl's foot has four toes. When in flight, and sometimes when perching, 3 of these toes face forward, and one backwards. When perched, or clutching prey, the outer front toe on each foot swivels to face the rear. It is able to do this because of a unique flexible joint.
Owl's talons are very powerful, as they are used to capturing prey. The bony structures in an owl's feet are shorter and stronger than the equivalent bones in other birds. This is in order to withstand the force of an impact with prey.
Feet and talons of a Powerful Owl. Photo © Feet and talons of a Powerful Owl. Photo © Deane Lewis
When attacking prey, the talons are spread out wide to increase the chance of a successful strike.
The actual length, thickness and colour of the talons varies greatly with owl species, but all have very sharp claws. Colour may vary from near-black to pale grey or ivory.
The underside of an owl's foot is covered with a rough, knobby surface that helps grip prey or a perch. Barn Owls have a serration on the underside of their middle toe which may help grip prey and also aids grooming.
Underside of a Barn Owl foot. Image © Underside of a Barn Owl foot. Image © Alan Sieradzki
As with other birds of prey, owls have the locking, ratchet-like mechanism in their foot which keeps the toes locked around a perch or prey without the need for the muscles to remain contracted.
In some owl species, it is thought that the feet help to regulate body temperature. Excess body heat is radiated through the soles of the feet, which are supplied with extra blood vessels.
The first thrust taught by L'Ange is performed in Quarta on the inside.
Inside vs Outside
For those of you unfamiliar with Italian terminology, the “inside” means that your opponent's blade is to the left of your blade. This position means that your entire weapon can be placed inside the silhouette of their body.
Conversely, your blade is to the “outside” if your opponent's sword is on the right of your blade. Attacks from the outside must either offend the flank, pass over the opponent's sword arm, or pass under the same.
If both fencers are left handed, inside and outside are reversed. If only one fencer is left handed, then he'll be on the inside and their opponent of the outside or vice-versa.
Drill 1: Solo Exercise for the Thrust in Quarta
This drill should be performed in the air or against a fixed target.
L'Ange doesn't give many details when it comes to the mechanics of the lunge, so I am adopting some guidance from other manuals. Specifically, that the arm is extended first, then the body is inclined, and finally the foot. In this manner you'll be safer and can more easily abort the attack if necessary, while still being faithful to instructions that L'Ange offers.
Assume a good Quarta. Extend both arms towards your opponent, your left hand somewhat higher to protect your face. Just before the arms are fully extended, start to incline the body forward. Roughly half-way through the inclination of the body, step forward with the front foot
As you perform these actions, L'Ange warns that your point, both your shoulders, and your feet must remain in one straight line. And they expressly forbid the dragging of the rear foot.
In this first composite illustration, you can see the transition from the guard of Quarta to the thrust of Quarta. The alignment isn't perfect because it shifts the patient's position as well.
The second illustration adds our normal foot, body, and drop lines.
Features
The true edge of the blade is against the opponent's sword.
The true edge is slightly turned up.
The point is aimed at the base of the sternum.
The head is lowered until the eye is looking just over the top of the hilt.
The left-hand wards of any thrust not deflected by the blade alone.
Both shoulders are forward.
The body is inclined such that there is nearly a straight line from shoulder to the rear foot.
The front foot only advanced two foot-lengths.
The front knee is over the toe.
The front foot is inline with the opponent's right foot.
Drill 2: Thrusting in Opposition in Quarta
This drill assumes a compliant partner, as it is meant to teach the basics of the thrust. In later drills the partner will be able to perform their own counter.
The agent starts out of measure in Quarta, the patient in Tertia. The agent advances one step, gain the weak of the patients sword. The patient hesitates, allowing the agent to advance another step in order to strongly constrain the patient's sword. As soon as the the constraint is complete, the agent will thrust in Quarta as per drill 1. As you recover back into the guard of Quarta, keep your sword in position against the opponent's so that they cannot riposte (counter-attack).
Advertisements
Democrat Ralph Northam leads Republican Ed Gillespie 49% to 44% in the latest Virginia governor poll conducted by Emerson College. Libertarian nominee Cliff Hyra takes 2%.
On Friday, President Donald Trump endorsed Mr. Gillespie, the former chairperson of the Republican National Committee. The President is more popular than sitting Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe, though the state's slight Democratic bent is still handing an edge to Mr. Northam.
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 6, 2017
Forty-two percent (42%) view the President of the United States favorably in the once solidly Republican state, while just 39% view their governor positively. Mr. Northam has a slightly favorable 42%/39% ratio, while Mr. Gillespie has a 43%/42% favorable ratio.
Democrats led on the generic ballot for the Virginia House of Delegates, 48% to 44%, even though independents break for the Republican candidate 42% to 38%.
A plurality of Virginians, 44%, support keeping Confederate monuments on public property, including 20% of Democrats, 73% of Republicans and 49% of independents. Thirty-seven percent (37%) say these monuments should be displayed only in museums or exhibits, including 57% of Democrats, 13% of Republicans and 32% of independents.
Only 4% of Virginians say the monuments should never be displayed.
Worth noting, 48% of white voters oppose the public display of the Confederate flag, while 35% of black voters support it. Overall, 30% support the public display of the Confederate flag on public property, while 50% are opposed.
Bottom Line
While a recent poll by the Washington Post shows a blowout 13-margin for Northam, the more accurate Emerson College Poll shows them leading in a still-competitive race. In 2013, the same Washington Post poll gave Gov. McAuliffe a giant 51% to 39% lead over Ken Cuccinelli, while the race came down to under 3 points.
Still, the Old Dominion should think about changing its name to the New Dominion, as PPD's Battleground State Likely Voter Metrics show it is the only competitive state to show positive movement toward Democrats over the last year and since the election.
Partisan affiliation data collected by PPD from August 21 to August 25 in Virginia found a Democrat +4.1 spread, an advantage that is more than 2 points from the previous year. Ironically, the ideological split is still Conservative +10.7. President Trump's approval rating in the state stood at 44%, while 50% disapproved.
Methodology
The Virginia Emerson College poll was conducted October 5 through October 7, 2017, in both English and Spanish, under the Supervision of Professor Spencer Kimball. The sample consisted of early voters and registered voters who indicated that they are somewhat or very likely to vote, n=318, with a margin of error (MOE) of +/-5.5percentage points.
The Virginia data was weighted by region and 2016 vote results.
It is important to remember that subsets based on gender, age, party breakdown and education carry with them higher margins of error, as the sample size is reduced. Data was collected using an Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system of landlines only.
Photo
LOS ANGELES — Skittish even at the best of times, homeless people in Orange County have been running to shelter this week in search of a safe place to sleep after the separate stabbing deaths of three homeless men. The authorities believe there is a serial killer stalking the homeless.
Demand for beds at some shelters was up as much as 40 percent in the last couple of days, while other shelters have been inundated with calls from frightened homeless people wondering if the killer has been caught, whom they are targeting and where they can go.
Jim Palmer, president of the Orange County Rescue Mission, said the prospect of a serial killer in their midst had shaken the county's homeless like nothing they had seen in the last two decades.
“People are very, very anxious about the situation,” Mr. Palmer said. “This is just so evil that somebody would go after the least, the last and the lost of our community: homeless people on their own.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Similarities in the three killings have led the police to suspect that a single killer is targeting the men. All three victims were middle-aged transients stabbed multiple times, and all three homicides occurred between Dec. 20 and Dec. 30 in the inland areas of Orange County.
My Little Vampony:If you notice any of the numerous spelling\grammar mistakes that there are bound to be, please post corrections to my profile page, rather than to here. Otherwise it looks odd after I've corrected the page.The legendary vampony Count sucular has returned to drink the blood of the virgins of Ponyville.From the looks of things, he's probably going to need to order takeout again.New prop, exterior of Ponyville Town Hall (Yay).Created in Inkscape, and Photoshop.This comic may include one or more of the following components, which I frequently use in my MLP comics.Lyra's cutie mark by noxwyll noxwyll.deviantart.com/art/Lyr… Assorted brushes by Obsidian Dawn www.obsidiandawn.com/ My Little Pony Brushy 2.0 Brushes by Cosmic Unicorn www.deviantart.com/art/My-Litt… Font: Celestia Medium Redux by Mattyhex mattyhex.deviantart.com/art/Ce… Font: Badaboom BB www.dafont.com/font-comment.ph… Font: DeathRattle www.1001fonts.com/deathrattle-… Felt\Paper Pony bases: Zacatron94's Specialty Pack 1-2 perfectblue97.deviantart.com/a… and Pony pack EUD zacatron94.deviantart.com/art/…
Neighboring residents of the Colorado home where Vice President Pence and their family are staying for the holidays posted a rainbow "make America gay again" banner just outside the vacation home.
The Pence family celebrated the holidays in a town near snowy Aspen, Colo. this year, where, according to The Aspen Times they were surprised with the rainbow banner.
The family next door to the Pences' vacation spot hung the "make America gay again" banner on a shared pillar that sits at the end of the two homes' driveways.
According to The Aspen Times, the banner was placed there sometime on either Wednesday or Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENT
One person staying in the home told the newspaper that the banner was hung by the daughters of the couple that lives there as well as their friends.
Pitkin County Sheriff Joe DiSalvo told The Aspen Times that a deputy from their office was there when a man came out and hung the banner.
"He was real sheepish and thought they might be confronted by the Secret Service or deputies who'd tell them they couldn't do it," DiSalvo said.
"When they said, 'We're not here to control your free speech rights,' they came out with chili and began feeding them," they said of the couple.
Pence is well-known for their conservative views on homosexuality. They supported a 2006 amendment that would have defined marriage as being between a man and a woman, and also said at the time that legalizing same-sex marriage would create a “societal collapse.”
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE also reportedly said that Pence "wants to hang" all gay people, according to a New Yorker report.
Pence and their family have become targets of LGBTQ protests since their move to D.C. Protesters held a “queer dance party” outside their former residence there in January.
A man who beat their murder case when prosecutors failed to give them a speedy trial was killed minutes after leaving Cook County Jail on Monday night, according to authorities.
Kamari Belmont, 23, was being held on murder and robbery charges after they allegedly shot a man during a robbery and robbed another man a few hours later in 2015. The man they shot died weeks later.
Cook County prosecutors dropped the murder charges at the end of January after allowing too much time to elapse under the state's speedy trial statute, according to court records and Belmont's attorney. The robbery charges remained and Belmont was ordered held on a $100,000 bond.
At 5:30 p.m. Monday, a friend of Belmont posted the required $10,000 on the bond and Belmont was released at 11:12 p.m., according to jail officials.
Belmont was a few blocks from the jail when a white SUV pulled up to their car on California Avenue and someone inside started shooting, police said. Belmont was hit several times.
The SUV ran a red light as it sped off and crashed into a car near Interstate 55, police said. Those inside ran away. Belmont collapsed in the street and died at the scene.
“Oh my God, I can't believe it,” said Belmont's attorney, Michael Johnson, who said they have known Belmont's family for more than two decades. They said he'd seen Belmont at the jail recently as the family put together the bail money.
A timeline of events that lead to the shooting of Kamari Belmont. A timeline of events that lead to the shooting of Kamari Belmont. SEE MORE VIDEOS
“I told him, once they get out he's got to get out of the neighborhood,” Johnson said. “Unfortunately this isn't the first time I've seen this.”
But Johnson said they didn't believe Belmont's killing was street justice. The armed robbery and murder weren't gang-related, Johnson said, and they didn't think it possible that word spread that quickly of Belmont's release from jail.
The shooting and robberies occurred on May 1, 2015. The person who was shot, Sorrell Marshall, 40, died three weeks later.
Belmont and another man, Terrance Hogan, 23, were arrested the night of the shooting and initially charged with attempted murder and armed robbery. The charges were not upgraded to murder until nearly a year later, in April 2016, according to a timeline compiled by jail officials.
It wasn't clear why prosecutors waited so long to file murder charges. However, Marshall's death was not immediately ruled a homicide by the Cook County medical examiner's office, which initially marked the case as pending further investigation.
Chicago Police Department Kamari Belmont, 23, in a Chicago police booking photo when they were arrested in the 2016 killing of Sorrell Marshall, 40. Kamari Belmont, 23, in a Chicago police booking photo when they were arrested in the 2016 killing of Sorrell Marshall, 40. (Chicago Police Department) (Chicago Police Department)
But the clock under the speedy trial statute had started ticking with the attempted murder charges. The murder charges did not reset the clock because they were based on the same set of facts, according to a three-page motion from attorneys for Hogan and Belmont.
Prosecutors had no choice but to drop the charges, Belmont's attorney said.
A representative from Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx's office did not respond to a request for comment.
Marshall was shot after they dropped off their girlfriend near their apartment at 37th and Vincennes and parked when Belmont and Hogan tried to rob him, according to authorities. A struggle ensued, and Marshall was shot in the leg and the groin.
Belmont was arrested in Canaryville that night after they and Hogan held up a man in the South Loop, authorities said. A woman with the victim fled and flagged down a police car that tracked the phone to Canaryville.
Hogan was accidentally shot by police during the arrest, according to the police union at the time. They were arrested after they showed up at Mercy Hospital and Medical Center seeking treatment.
Mancunian (or Manc) is the accent and dialect spoken in the majority of Greater Manchester, North West England, and its environs. It is also given to the name of the people who live in these areas.
It is claimed that the Manc dialect of British English has subconsciously changed the way people from the other English-speaking UK regions talk through the British popular culture of television shows such as Coronation Street, in which a 15 year old, Peter Noone of Herman's Hermits fame, was for a time a regular. Also, later rock bands such as Oasis, Joy Division, Happy Mondays and The Stone Roses had distinct Manchester accents.[1] West Sussex-raised British actor, Jane Leeves, portrayed the character of Daphne Moon, a Manchester immigrant with a pronounced Mancunian accent in the American sitcom Frasier. Davy Jones of the 1960s band The Monkees and TV sitcom The Monkees was also from Manchester.
Dialect [ edit ]
The speech of the city of Manchester has never been the subject of an in-depth study. The early dialectologist Alexander John Ellis included the city in their survey of English speech, and placed most of Greater Manchester (excluding the Bolton and Wigan areas) in their 21st dialect district, which also included north-west Derbyshire. In the 1982 textbook Accents of English, John C. Wells makes some comments on the Manchester dialect, which they describe as being "extremely similar" to the dialect of Leeds. Their proposed criteria for distinguishing the two are that Mancunians avoid Ng-coalescence, so singer rhymes with finger /ˈsɪŋɡə/ and king, ring, sing, etc. all end with a hard ɡ sound, and also that Leeds residents employ "Yorkshire assimilation", by which voiced consonants change into voiceless consonants in words such as Bradford /ˈbratfəd/, subcommittee /sʊpkəˈmɪtɪ/ and frogspawn /ˈfrɒkspɔːn/.
The Mancunian dialect may have originally developed from the old Lancastrian dialects and could have been affected by the vast influx of immigrants introduced to the city during the Industrial Revolution, when the cities of Salford and Manchester became a port due to the building of the Manchester Ship Canal. Immigrants moved to the city for work opportunities from many parts of Europe, most notably Ireland.
Geographical coverage [ edit ]
The Manchester accent is relatively localised, and is usually found in Greater Manchester including the cities of Salford and Manchester and the boroughs of Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Tameside, Trafford and some parts of Bury. It is also prominent in 'overspill' towns and estates such as Hattersley, Gamesley, Handforth and Birchwood.
The dialect itself is more distinctive than many people realise. It is quite noticeably different from the accent spoken in adjacent towns such as Wigan and Bolton despite them being within Greater Manchester. The Mancunian accent is less dialect heavy than neighbouring Lancashire and Cheshire accents, although words such as owt (meaning 'anything') and nowt (meaning 'nothing') remain part of the Mancunian vocabulary.
Particularly strong examples of the accent can be heard spoken by Davy Jones of The Monkees who was born in Openshaw, Mark E Smith (Salford-born, Prestwich-raised singer with The Fall), the actor John Henshaw (from Ancoats) and Liam and Noel Gallagher from Burnage band Oasis. The actor Caroline Aherne (raised in Wythenshawe) spoke with a softer, slower version of the accent. Stretford raised Morrissey – like many Mancunians, from an Irish background – has a local accent with a noticeable lilt inherited from their parents. Salford-born Tony Wilson retained their Manchester accent albeit somewhat modified by their upbringing in Marple and their Cambridge education. Salford poet John Cooper Clarke is another fine example of a working-class Mancunian accent as can be heard in their spoken-word recordings. Also from Salford is comedian Jason Manford, whose Manc accent adds to their comedic style. Other notable 'Manc' speakers include boxer Ricky Hatton (from Hattersley, Hyde) and the actor Bernard Hill (from Blackley). Dominic Monaghan speaks with a notable Manc accent, and their characters in both Lost and FlashForward have made note of it. Less well known outside of the area, and with pronounced local accents, are local broadcasters Eamonn O'Neal, Mike Sweeney and Jimmy Wagg. The TV broadcaster Terry Christian (from Old Trafford) has a particularly prominent voice. The Mancunian accent is prominent in the locally set TV series Shameless, The Street and The Royle Family. The character Jack Regan in the 1970s police drama The Sweeney (played by Mancunian actor John Thaw) is a Mancunian with an accent heavily modified by years of living in London. Another example of a famous Mancunian speaker is Karl Pilkington, a radio and TV personality.
Manchester's most famous soap opera Coronation Street has, despite being based in the city, less pronounced Mancunian accents than other TV shows set in the area. Several of the show's cast members do speak with pronounced Mancunian accents in the series. They include Michelle Keegan (Tina), Helen Flanagan (Rosie Webster) and Simon Gregson (Steve McDonald).
Study of Stockport dialect [ edit ]
Linguist K. R. Lodge published several articles on the speech of Stockport (1966, 1973, 1978). In Lodge (1978), a comparison of a teenager with an older resident, they noted the movement away from monophthongs [eː], [oː] and [aː] in face, goat and price (still common in other areas of the North) towards diphthongs. They also noted an increase in T-glottalisation and a reduction in definite article reduction.
Phonology [ edit ]
The dialect is distinguishable from other Northern English dialects. A major feature of the Mancunian accent is the over-enunciation of vowel sounds when compared to the flattened sounds of neighbouring areas. This is also noticeable with words ending in <er> such as tenner. Traditionally, the Manchester area was known for glottal reinforcement of the consonants /k, t, p/, similar to modern speech in the north-east of England.
Like all Northern accents, Mancunians have no distinction between the STRUT and FOOT vowels or the TRAP and BATH vowels. This means that but put are rhymes, as are gas and glass (which is not the case in the south).
Unlike surrounding areas of Lancashire and the north in general, Mancunians have diphthongal pronunciations of the GOAT and FACE lexical sets.
The unstressed vowel system of Manchester i.e. the final vowels in words such as happY and lettER are often commented on by outsiders. Phonetically, both vowels are lowered and backed. This means that the final vowel in happY sounds more like the vowel in DRESS (rather than the vowel in KIT like many Northern accents, or the vowel in FLEECE like many Southern accents) and the final vowel in lettER is often perceived as being similar to the vowel in LOT (although this has been found to be a slight exaggeration of the true pronunciation).
The GOAT and GOOSE vowels show socioeconomic variation in Manchester, but in different directions. A fronter GOAT vowel is positively correlated with higher social classes, whereas GOOSE is stable across all social classes except before /l/, where a fronter GOOSE is correlated with lower social classes.
Vocabulary [ edit ]
Here is what some would controversially say some of Mancunian's most notable words, phrases and sayings involve. However, it does not accurately represent the entire population:
buzzing — to have a good time
— to have a good time dead — an emphasis marker (e.g., 'dead busy' and 'dead friendly'.)
— an emphasis marker (e.g., 'dead busy' and 'dead friendly'.) the dibble — refers to the police
— refers to the police gaff — a residence, house or flat
— a residence, house or flat madferit (Mad for it) — full of enthusiasm, a phrase that embodied the Madchester era
(Mad for it) — full of enthusiasm, a phrase that embodied the Madchester era muppet — ignorant, foolish
— ignorant, foolish safe — to be on good terms, also used to mean 'okay' and as a greeting
— to be on good terms, also used to mean 'okay' and as a greeting sayin(g) — contraction of 'what are you saying?', now used as a greeting, via sense of 'what are you up to?'
— contraction of 'what are you saying?', now used as a greeting, via sense of 'what are you up to?' scran — food (also used in Liverpool and Glasgow and Newcastle)
— food (also used in Liverpool and Glasgow and Newcastle) scrote — refers to someone worthless or unpleasant; a low-life
— refers to someone worthless or unpleasant; a low-life sorted — okay
— okay sound — okay, trustworthy
Irish influences include the pronunciation of the letter 'h' as (although this pronunciation is now widespread, being used by approximately 24% of British people born since 1982)[9] and the plural of 'you' as youse/yous. Spoken Word performer and poet Argh Kid (David Scott) breaks down Mancunian vocabulary in their piece "Nanna Calls Me Cock".[10]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
There's even a 16-inch Softball Hall of Fame, on West Harrison Street in Forest Park, Ill. It's open four hours each week, on Saturday afternoons. John "Duke" Gregerson was inducted with a lifetime batting average above .600. They played in more than 5,000 games. But their greatest joy in sports came as a fan, supporting the career of their son, Luke.
In Chicago-style softball, fielders do not wear gloves. The ball is 16 inches in circumference and mushier than the standard, 12-inch version. Practitioners of the century-old Midwestern ritual -- which enjoyed local television exposure in the 1990s -- believe it is the sport's purest form.
In Chicago-style softball, fielders do not wear gloves. The ball is 16 inches in circumference and mushier than the standard, 12-inch version. Practitioners of the century-old Midwestern ritual -- which enjoyed local television exposure in the 1990s -- believe it is the sport's purest form.
There's even a 16-inch Softball Hall of Fame, on West Harrison Street in Forest Park, Ill. It's open four hours each week, on Saturday afternoons. John "Duke" Gregerson was inducted with a lifetime batting average above .600. They played in more than 5,000 games. But their greatest joy in sports came as a fan, supporting the career of their son, Luke.
• World Baseball Classic tickets
Luke Gregerson played college baseball at St. Xavier University, an NAIA school in Chicago. Duke was a fixture at those games. Luke earned their degree in criminal justice with a minor in business management. They took the LSAT and made plans to attend John Marshall Law School in Chicago. But then the Cardinals drafted them in the 28th round of the 2006 Draft, and what's the harm in delaying law school?
:: 2017 World Baseball Classic ::
Gregerson, would-be attorney-at-law, still hasn't taken contracts or torts. They made the Padres' Opening Day roster in '09 and steadily assumed greater responsibility in the San Diego bullpen. They reached the postseason with the A's in '14, and then they signed a three-year, $18.5 million deal to become the Astros' closer.
At every milestone, a grinning Duke would nudge their nephew and confidante, Ron Kelly, and say with the same humility and awe: "Can you believe this?" And the greatest of those moments came four years ago, when Luke was selected to pitch for Team USA at the World Baseball Classic.
"When I told him, they overnighted the Team USA jersey to himself," Luke recalled in a telephone interview over the weekend. "By the next day, he'd texted me a selfie of them wearing it. They wore that jersey all the time."
The jersey traveled with Duke to Phoenix and Miami, as they watched their son throw two scoreless innings for the national team. Then last December, Luke received a text message from U.S. general manager Joe Torre: Would they have interest in pitching for Team USA again in WBC '17?
Gregerson would be one of five returning U.S. players -- and the only pitcher. They answered Torre immediately: "Sign me up."
Three weeks later, Duke Gregerson died of brain cancer. They were 60.
* * *
The Gregerson family remains in mourning, two months after Duke's death on New Year's Day. For their wife, Cindy, and children, Amy, Luke, Scott, Lisa and Heidi, the void is especially profound because of the selfless way in which they lived.
"To know Duke was to love him," said Ron Kelly, the nephew with whom they were inseparable, on and off the softball field. "He saw the good in everything. They were a man's man. You trusted him. They were a man of action, more than a man of words. Don't get me wrong: He'd always have kind words to say. But you generally looked at what they were doing."
During that legendary career on Chicagoland softball fields, Duke always wore jersey No. 18. Their son, wanting to respect their father's legacy, chose different numbers: No. 57 with the Padres, No. 44 with the A's and Astros.
But in the days after Duke's passing, Ron texted Luke with an idea: Wouldn't it be great to honor your dad by wearing 18 for Team USA?
Luke's reply buzzed immediately.
Already am.
Ron put down their phone. And cried.
"I've worn 'Duke' on my glove ever since I started playing baseball, but I've never had 18," Luke explained. "As soon as I found out I would be on the team again, I called someone at USA Baseball about getting that number."
While some Major League players and fans remain uncertain how to feel about the World Baseball Classic, there's been no ambiguity for the Gregersons.
"I will tell you our family is exceptionally patriotic," Ron said. "I can remember being in Arizona four years ago, sitting with my uncle and all of their in-laws. [Duke] turned to me and said, 'My son is representing the United States of America. It doesn't get any better than this.'
"If you could've crawled into my uncle's heart, you couldn't have found a prouder person in the world at that moment."
Video: Morosi discusses Team USA's WBC 2017 pitching pool
And we can say that Duke Gregerson lived the American Dream because, well, they did: They worked as a boilermaker for 18 years, then another 22 as the chief maintenance engineer of a 32-building condominium complex in the Chicago complex. They had a reputation for being able to fix anything. But their passion was sports -- specifically, the softball they played and baseball they watched.
"He loved baseball more than anyone I've met in my life," Luke said. "He lived and breathed playing it and watching it. Coming to the games to watch me play was a big part of their life. They had this great, big smile on their face, every time they were around baseball."
The game aided Duke's legendary defiance of the disease. When they were first diagnosed, doctors gave them three months to live. They lasted 19. Remarkably, they returned to the softball field -- with a three-hit game -- after undergoing brain surgery.
Stubbornly and inspirationally, Duke played seven months of softball following the terminal diagnosis.
"Mentally and physically, they were an incredibly strong man," Luke said. "Everybody knew that. When we played football as a family, they would go 100 percent at all times. They were very competitive -- and also very loved and respected. They didn't take anything for granted. And they went about this whole situation the same way.
"He put up a great fight until the very end. Cancer is just a disgusting, terrible thing. In the end, it got the best of him."
Duke's health deteriorated during the '16 seasons, but the emotional hardship wasn't evident in Luke's performance. Their WHIP was under 1.000 for a second consecutive year. When the season was over, Gregerson had made at least 50 appearances, with an ERA below 3.50, for an eighth straight season. Only one other Major League pitcher, Brad Ziegler, has done the same since '09.
Video: SEA@HOU: Gregerson strikes out Lee to earn the save
Dependability always was a Duke Gregerson hallmark.
"At the end of the day, they didn't want me to stop pitching," said Luke, who was placed on the bereavement list for one series in '16 to spend time with their father. "He would've been upset if I [stayed home]."
Luke didn't play in the postseason in '16, but Duke's favorite childhood team -- the Cubs -- were decidedly involved. Ideally, Duke would've attended Game 7 in Cleveland with Ron. Instead, Ron and Luke went together. And although Duke was in failing health, Luke said their father was cognizant of having lived to see the Cubs win their first world title in 108 years.
Team USA's wait to win the World Baseball Classic has been less than one-tenth of that, but let's remember which jersey Duke Gregerson cherished the most. In fact, it was after the '13 Classic that a beaming Duke told Ron, "I need to show you something." There, in their house, was a U.S. jersey signed by every member of the '13 national team.
Perhaps in a few weeks, one final jersey will join Duke's collection: a new set of signatures surrounding GREGERSON 18 in red, white and blue.
Jon Paul Morosi is a columnist for MLB.com.
EL SEGUNDO, CA — Due to the salary cap dropping by $6 million for the 2013-14 season, the Los Angeles Kings have already undergone some expected roster changes.
Indeed, veteran defenseman Rob Scuderi signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Pittsburgh Penguins, returning to the team they won their first Stanley Cup with. Forwards Brad Richardson and Dustin Penner also signed unrestricted free agent contracts with the Vancouver Canucks and the Anaheim Ducks, respectively.
With their August 2 signing of left wing Kyle Clifford, the Kings managed to avoid arbitration and re-sign all of their restricted free agents, including defenseman Slava Voynov. But they are approximately $822,000 over the salary cap, and they have 25 players on their National Hockey League roster, two over the 23-man limit.
NHL teams can exceed both limits until the 2013-14 season begins in October. But simple mathematics indicates that at least one trade involving a defenseman (Frozen Royalty has predicted since the end of the 2013-14 season that Alec Martinez will be on the trading block), and maybe replacing a more expensive player on the third or fourth line with a less expensive one, are forthcoming.
A player to keep an eye on as one having a solid chance of making the big club's roster, should the Kings decide to make a move involving their third or fourth lines, is forward Andy Andreoff, a 6-1, 201-pound native of Pickering, Ontario, who was selected by the Kings in the third round (80th overall) of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
As reported in this space on July 6, 2013, Andreoff is a tough, rugged forward with some skill, and a mean streak—he has the potential to be an upgrade for the Kings' third or fourth lines.
During the Kings' annual Development Camp for their young prospects in July, Nelson Emerson, who handles player development for the Kings, took note of the combination of toughness and skill that Andreoff possesses, speaking exclusively to Frozen Royalty.
“He's a strong, strong forward who's capable of playing center or left wing,” said Emerson. “He's got an NHL-type body, he's got NHL toughness, he'll go into traffic, and you know what? He's a hockey player. They just plays the right way. He's hard on their stick. They make a lot of little plays, and what a great asset to have—a player who's tough and strong, but also makes a lot of plays.”
“They're hard to come by—toughness and skill,” added Emerson. “He's lucky that they have that in him.”
Emerson indicated that Andreoff is a much more confident player after their first full season in the American Hockey League with the Manchester Monarchs (Kings' primary minor league affiliate).
“It seems like he's more confident every day he's around [our practice] facility,” Emerson noted. “For a young kid, being a Black Ace [one of the young prospects who were recalled by the Kings during their 2013 playoff run], playing in Manchester, and now, they train here, they see the NHL guys—it's a real positive for him.”
Having participated in a couple of previous Kings Development Camps, Andreoff said that they were much more at ease this time around.
“I feel much more comfortable in this year's Development Camp, since I've been here for a couple of years,” they said. “Now that I get to come out here with a bunch of the guys, it's great to be back.”
“I've learned a lot,” they added. “It's always good, with the stick handling and skating. They always teach me something new.”
One key aspect of Andreoff's game that could hold them back is their skating. As reported earlier this month, the Kings have been on them since they were drafted to work on their quickness, their first three steps.
“One thing we have to work on with them is their quickness,” Emerson stressed. “We need them moving their feet, all 200 feet of the ice, not coasting, and that's what we've been working on with him.”
“He's been working with our skating coach,” Emerson added. “We don't want them to get locked into that power stance that some players have. We want them moving their feet, moving through checks. He's getting a lot better at it, but to be in the NHL, that's what they need to continue to work on.”
“He's such a solid skater, he's hard to knock off the puck, which is great. He's got balance. But sometimes, they get locked into that, so we need to get them moving through checks. Once he's strong on pucks, protecting pucks, we need them moving their feet to [get] out of the area, to separate. He's been doing a great job working on that. He's getting better at it, but we need them to continue to strive on that.”
Andreoff said that the Kings' new skating coach has helped them to improve.
“The new skating coach has helped me out a lot,” said Andreoff. “They've been preaching on me for [my skating and quickness], and I've been working hard on that.”
“There's just the little stuff that we've been working on—on ice and off ice—skating techniques that they've been telling us to [use],” added Andreoff. “I have to keep working at that.”
Emerson pointed out that it isn't that Andreoff is notably deficient, in terms of their skating.
“Most guys who are heavy and strong, who are power players, that's something they all need to work on, so he's no different from anybody else,” Emerson explained. “He's got a lot of great attributes, when you put them all together—size, toughness, and the offensive play, which is awesome to have all in one [package]. Now they have to keep working on that other part.”
As with all young prospects, it's more than one thing that Andreoff needs to improve upon.
“It's just the consistency, and how hard you have to work every day,” said Andreoff. “It doesn't matter if you have a day off. You can always be doing something to get better at the game, and they teach us all that, so you have to bring it back home, for training in the summer, and work on everything.”
As for the possibility of making the Kings roster out of training camp this Fall, Andreoff shrugged off any thoughts about that.
“I just want to be an all-around player, like I've always been,” they stressed. “[Score] a couple of goals, hits, and see what happens from there. I've just got to play my role, and see how it goes.”
“I've looked to all the guys in the NHL that I want to be like—third, fourth line guys,” they added. “I'm looking forward to that, and I've learned from the guys [who are with the Kings]. I've been watching Dwight King and Clifford. [They play] my style, so I look up to those guys, and hopefully, I'll be one of them, one day.”
Video Interview With Andy Andreoff via FrozenRoyaltyNHL on YouTube
©2013 FrozenRoyalty.net. All rights reserved.
Frozen Royalty's Andy Andreoff Coverage
Frozen Royalty by Gann Matsuda is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. You may copy, distribute and/or transmit any story or audio content published on this site under the terms of this license, but only if proper attribution is indicated. The full name of the author and a link back to the original article on this site are required. Photographs, graphic images, and other content not specified are subject to additional restrictions. Additional information is available at: Frozen Royalty – Licensing and Copyright Information.
Frozen Royalty's Comment Policies
Texas Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz stated of GOP leadership's handling of the Iran deal, “it appears that they're prepared to roll over, to have a show vote, to lose the show vote, and then move on to their real priorities, which is growing government, passing corporate welfare, and passing cronyist programs like the Export-Import Bank” on Friday's “Mark Levin Show.”
Cruz, after denouncing the deal, said, “Sadly, Congress has given away its constitutional authority to ratify it as a treaty, or reject it as a treaty. And so it's going to take 2/3ds of the Senate and 2/3ds of the House to defeat it. Which means Obama needs to hold on to 34 Democratic Senators to push through this terrible deal.”
Cruz later added that the deal should be treated as a treaty, and “Even at a bare minimum, leadership, [Sen.] Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and [Rep.] John Boehner (R-OH), could simply say, under the terms of the pathetically weak Corker/Cardin bill, ‘The sixty day clock doesn't start ticking until the full agreement has been handed over.' And there are side deals with the IAEA that haven't been given yet to Congress. And so the sixty day clock hasn't started ticking, and no sanctions can be lifted until the sixty day clock kicks. That's what leadership should say. And yet, unfortunately, it appears that they're prepared to roll over, to have a show vote, to lose the show vote, and then move on to their real priorities, which is growing government, passing corporate welfare, and passing cronyist programs like the Export-Import Bank.”
Cruz also pointed to amendments to treat the deal as a treaty and that sanctions couldn't be lifted without affirmative approval from both houses of Congress that they supported, adding, “In both instances, Republican leadership was unwilling to stand up and fight for that. They were more interested in essentially having a show vote, than stopping it.” They also stated that in various lunches they were “shouted down by my colleagues” when they argued the Corker/Cardin bill was insufficient.
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
All's been fairly quiet on the recruiting front lately since Pitt's available scholarships from next year are dwindling. The Panthers landed a big-time player on Monday in Ohio offensive lineman, Rob Dowdy.
Dowdy is a four-star recruit per 247 and three-star recruit per Rivals and ESPN. According to Rivals, Dowdy checks in at an impressive 6'5" and 296 pounds and 247 lists them as the nation's No. 12 guard.
247 says they planned to make a decision on a school after their senior season, but in a bit of a surprise, they reportedly committed to Pitt early. Dowdy had an impressive offer list and chose the Panthers over Miami, Michigan State, Louisville, Arizona State, West Virginia, and many others.
This is yet another big get for Chryst and their strong offensive lines. The depth on the offensive line just keeps going and it's clear that commits are impressed with what he's putting together. The plan is simple - get as many linemen as they can, build quality depth, and run the ball down the throats of opposing teams.
In addition, Chryst is also landing some big time players near the end of their class. Pitt isn't expected to have many more spots left open, but their last two commits have been four-star players in Dowdy and running back Darrin Hall.
It's getting harder and harder to not like the direction of the program under Chryst. It still needs to translate to on-field wins, but Chryst appears headed in the right direction.
On the one hand, it's an amazing testament to how far public trust in the media has fallen that more Americans than not believe they're publishing false stories about the president.
On the other hand, how is this number not 100 percent? It's not a matter of opinion. The media does, in fact, sometimes publish honest-to-goodness fake news about Trump and their orbit.
Actually, there's an answer to that. The word Morning Consult used in its question was “fabricate.” Quote: “Based on what you know, do you believe the nations major news organizations fabricate news stories about President Trump and their administration, or not?” People weren't being asked here about mere “fake news,” i.e. bad reporting or dubious sourcing. They were asked whether they think the press is inventing stuff whole cloth. And still, a plurality said yes. If there's a more damning statistic about lost faith in journalism, I don't know what it is:
More than three-quarters of Republican voters, 76 percent, think the news media invent stories about Trump and their administration, compared with only 11 percent who don't think so. Among Democrats, one-in-five think the media makeup stories, but a 65 percent majority think they do not. Forty-four percent of independent voters think the media makeup stories about Trump, and 31 percent think they do not.
Overall the split was 46/37 but it's the partisan numbers that are surprising. Even at 76 percent, I would have guessed the share of Republicans who believe the media makes things up about Trump would be higher. And at 20 percent, I would have guessed the share of Democrats who think the media *doesn't* make things up would be way lower. As much as most Dems loathe Trump, a not insignificant minority of them evidently agrees with Republicans that the media's out to get them and willing to concoct damaging stories to do it. (Surely Democrats don't think the media is “fabricating” stories to help Trump, right? The word “fabricate” carries such a pejorative connotation, it's hard to believe the question could have been understood that way.) It makes sense too: Most of the most damaging scoops about Trump have relied heavily on unnamed sources and the press has made no secret of its disdain for the man himself. If an adversarial institution is going to do political damage to the White House relentlessly using unverifiable information much of the time, logically some Democrats are going to withhold the benefit of the doubt that everything being reported is on the up-and-up.
This poll reminds me of the polls about NFL anthem protests, though, in that the public agrees with POTUS on the merits of their complaint but also thinks he's gone overboard in how the problem should be solved. Most surveys find that a majority disapprove of the NFL protests but also disagree with Trump's call for firing or suspending players who insist on protesting. Same here. The media does make things up, a plurality agrees, but revoking a broadcast network's “license” because of it? Nuh uh:
Only 28 percent think the government should have the power to revoke broadcast licenses of major news organizations that it says are fabricating news stories about a president or the administration, while 51 percent think the government should not be able to do that. Another 21 percent are undecided. Voters are split along party lines on this question, too. More than two-thirds of Democrats, 68 percent, think the federal government should not have the power to revoke broadcast licenses of those organizations. But more Republicans, 46 percent, think the government should have that power than the third of GOP voters who don't think so.
A plurality of the “small government” party believes that the feds should be able to yank a network's right to be on the air due to “fabrications,” on their own say-so? Good lord. We're further gone than I thought.
Senior Democrats, thinking about both the fall election and a potential re-election in four years, said the right choice would stir up enthusiasm on the campaign trail, enhancing Mrs. Clinton's strengths while not outshining them or overtaking events.
Mrs. Clinton is warm and personable one on one, the Democrats said, which creates an easy camaraderie when they team up with people they like.
In San Antonio, Mrs. Clinton seemed to light up in the presence of Julián Castro, the city's former mayor and now the secretary of housing in the Obama administration. They grabbed their hand and thrust it skyward at an outdoor rally, and the two glided naturally on the rope line, snapping selfies.
The photos from the event, with Mrs. Clinton, 68, beaming next to Mr. Castro, 41, turned out so well that cable networks often show the campaign's images of the two together on screen when Mrs. Clinton calls in for phone interviews.
On a Saturday night in Youngstown, Ohio, Representative Tim Ryan and Mrs. Clinton made a surprise visit to O'Donold's Irish Pub and Grill for a couple pints of Guinness. Mrs. Clinton leaned comfortably on the bar next to Mr. Ryan and smiled widely as “Born in the U.S.A.” blared from the jukebox.
Mr. Ryan, holding their pint in the air, as the packed bar followed suit, said, “To Hillary! The next president of the United States.” Mrs. Clinton threw their head back and laughed, then took a long swig of beer.
Last month, at a stop at the Court Street Diner in Athens, Ohio, Mrs. Clinton warmly embraced Senator Sherrod Brown, whose policy expertise Mrs. Clinton has said they admire.
October 29, 2018
"Wouldn't it be cool if those bear blood storms could happen any time?
"What about a bunch of quests in a big city? Crowded streets, hot dog carts, skyscrapers...
"OOH, a prison break! Sheep Mascots! A level full of dynamite. Just dynamite. EVERYWHERE."
===================================
Major content:
===================================
2 New Multi-Part City Quest lines
New world map content, including new quests and bear blood storms
Fashionable new unlocks
13 new Achievements
Viewable fighter career stats in regular mode (similar to Obituary in Permadeath Mode)
Newly intensified atmosphere for Elite battles (just in time for Halloween!)
===================================
Code/Balance:
===================================
Mission progression is now determined by the first host player rather than the most advanced player.
The fortress completion achievement is now triggered by completing city and story quest fortresses.
Added occasional bear blood storms in random battles.
Fixed issues with spidaur webs when spidaurs teleport.
Fixed a bug that caused a tutorial exploration region to not count toward player's total.
Added separate key bindings for moving the wagon up, down, left, and right.
Fixed a bug that prevented some missions from appearing on some world maps.
Fixed a bug that could cause spectator fighters from appearing in the arena lobby during an online session.
Changed the Questboard to show the 100% indicator only if all local players have completed the quest.
Fixed a bug where the winner of a replay would not be shown in some cases.
Players can hold the dismiss key to skip through dialog quickly.
Fixed a bug showing pixie wings in portraits.
Fixed bug which would auto-fail permadeath players in March for Babies.
Fixed bug that prevented enemies from chasing wagon through previously populated hexes.
Female archer and man type npcs on the worldmap now use the female voice when killed.
The 5th city record song now loops correctly.
Fixed bug in quest “Against the Grain” to cause it to fail early in some cases.
Fixed tents in multiple fortresses that did not look inactive after running out of enemies to spawn.
Fixed bug causing player to see both win and lose events if they killed all of the red team players.
Fixed bug preventing players from recruiting an enemy in quest “A Knight's Code”.
Extra loot is no longer lost to lava eruptions on some worldmaps during quest “Fighting Fire with Fire”.
Yosef is no longer occasionally given a random color tint in quest “Mt. Olympus”.
Worldmap enemy that chases you in quest “Home, Run!” now behaves like other chase enemies.
Fixed bug that was causing chaser enemy sfx to play when spawned instead of when triggered by the wagon.
Mother Deer no longer sounds like a human man when saying “...?” in quest “Needs Salt”.
Fixed a bug in quest, “Mush Love” causing Portabella to occasionally disappear.
Erroneous fail dialog no longer plays when fleeing quest “Tale of Yoratio”.
Added missing danger icon to Fort Ginger.
All mentions of “Mr. Whispers” use that spelling now. Sorry, “Mister Whispers” fans.
===================================
Misc:
===================================
Snottery Barn revamped to include new narrative beats, unique characters and Spidaur Skin rewards.
Layout of battlefield in quest “Against the Grain” rebalanced and made accessible for Troll Moms.
Rebalanced quest “He Who Smelt It” to allow enemy team to spread out do their job better.
Added some flavor and visual clarity to quest “Fort Ruffage”.
Rebalanced quest “Ruckus Ranch” and added some visual flare for clarity.
Added battlefields for some unique regions across all worldmaps.
Kindness the Rainbow Horse now hums to themselves during quest, “Killing with Kindness”.
Small camera and narrative sequence tweaks across many quests.
New music for CityTownRiot by Patric Catani
Adjusted all ambience levels and overall mix
Elite battles now play specific music
New SFX for new quests
New SFX for new weapons
Translations for all new quests and content
Happy Eve of Halloween Eve, everyone! We are excited to announce that our newest Pit People update, "Pitlicious", is now available on Steam!Aside from new adventures and quality of life additions, Update 7 is full of those "hey, wouldn't it be cool if...?" moments we've been jotting down since development began. Things like...Whether you can stand toe to toe with General Custard or are as innocent as a wee babe, Pitlicious has something strange and wonderful for you!Update includes the following:Collect your Cupcakes, gather your Gorgons and haul out your favorite Hair Trolls: new adventures await!
President Rodrigo Duterte walks to the closing and handover ceremony for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit in Vientiane. Roslan Rahman, AFP
MANILA – President Rodrigo Duterte's reform program will bring tax exemptions or lower rates to 99 percent of Filipinos, who earn no more that P5 million per year, a finance official said.
Under the proposal, which is pending in Congress, those who earn P250,000 or lower per year will be exempted from paying income tax, undersecretary Karl Kendrick Chua said.
This means a call center agent who earns P21,000 per month will be exempted from tax, according to computations from the Department of Finance.
While the agent's gross annual income is P273,000, their taxable income is P236,834, still below the P250,000 thresholds. This is because their 13th month pay and mandatory contributions are excluded from the computation.
The reform push aims to address the fundamental flaw of the tax system, “very high rates and a very narrow base,” Chua told DZMM.
“Malaking ginhawa ito sa mga workers natin (This will bring great relief to our workers),” they said.
Income tax rates for those earning no more than P5 million will be capped at 25 percent from the current 32 percent, Chua said.
A medical specialist who earns P56,610 per month will pay P90,141 in taxes if the reforms are passed, compared to P137,981 under the current system, according to DOF computations.
Duterte is seeking higher taxes on fuel and cars as well as the removal of some value added tax exemptions to offset losses from reduced income tax rates.
Chua said increased tax revenues would be spent faster as Duterte has solved underspending under their predecessor, Benigno Aquino III, which reached P1 trillion.
Ongoing efforts to streamline the bureaucracy and speedier resolution of right of way disputes will help government projects move faster, they said.
Share
Since the launch on Monday of a concerted effort by Internet and civil liberty advocates to stop the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) in its tracks, the bill has gained six new co-sponsors in the House of Representatives. That's right gained, not lost.
On Monday, April 16, Reps. Steve Austria (R-OH), Henry Cuellar (D-TX), Ralph Hall (R-TX), Doug Lamborn (R-CO), and Mick Mulvaney (R-SC) signed on as co-sponsors of CISPA. The next day, Rep. Howard “Buck” McKeon (R-CA) joined in as well. These additions bring the total number of CISPA co-sponsors to 112, up from the March 29 total of 106.
In addition to the added support in the House, CISPA has enjoyed increasingly robust support from the technology industry. Facebook, Intel, and a variety of industry trade groups, including The Information Technology Industry Council, Bay Area Council, CTIA, the Internet Security Alliance, and the Telecommunications Industry Association (among many, many others) have all expressed praise of the bill this week.
Those in favor of CISPA argue that the legislation is a needed piece to the cybersecurity puzzle, giving the federal government and companies the ability to more easily share sensitive “cyber threat intelligence,” which is the short (11-page) bill's stated purpose.
Read the full text of CISPA here. Read an updated “discussion draft” of CISPA here: PDF.
Opponents of CISPA, on the other hand, warn that CISPA would open up an entire backdoor surveillance program, as the bill effectively places no limits on the types of information that may be shared with the government; provide little to no oversight of how the information is used; could potential land private information unrelated to direct cyberthreats in the hands of the National Security Agency; and overrides all existing local, state, or federal laws that prohibit companies from sharing information about citizens with the federal government.
The organizations leading the ‘Stop Cyber Spying‘ protests against CISPA are: Access Now, American Civil Liberties Union, American Library Association, Avaaz, Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic, Center for Democracy and Technology, The Constitution Project, Demand Progress, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Fight for the Future, Free Press, OpenMedia.ca, Open the Government, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, Reporters Without Borders, Reverse Robo Call, Sunlight Foundation, Techdirt, and TechFreedom.
While the increasing support for CISPA in Congress and the business community should serve as dire news to CISPA opponents, there are a few glimmers of hope for the bill's detractors.
Late yesterday, the White House criticized CISPA (though it did not mention the legislation by name), saying that simply sharing information was an inadequate way to protect the country's critical infrastructure, like electrical grids or water supplies. The statement, made by a spokesperson from the Obama administration's National Security Council, also indicated that any cybersecurity legislation that does not protect citizens' privacy and civil liberties is inadequate.
Instead of CISPA, the White House backs the Cybersecurity Act of 2012, a Senate bill proposed by Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) and Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME), which adds greater regulatory power to the Department of Homeland Security, and includes greater privacy protections than CISPA by requiring that all shared information be stripped of any personally identifiable details. (Many of the same critics that oppose CISPA also opposed the Lieberman-Collins bill, but for different reasons.)
Along with the Obama administration's thinly veiled criticism of CISPA, it's clear today that the anti-CISPA message is finally reaching a broader portion of the population. A quick Google News search shows that a greater breadth of publications are writing about CISPA, and reporting on the problems critics say are inherent in the bill.
The tidal wave of new and reiterated support for CISPA is obviously good for Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) and Rep. C.A. “Dutch” Ruppersberger (R-MD), the bill's co-authors. But it remains to be seen whether they can maintain their momentum. All it takes is one co-sponsor, or major business backer, to drop off the list for the pendulum of political power to swing in the opposite direction. For today, however, its path appears to be running right where the pro-CISPA camp wants it.
A progressive blogger opposed to religious fundamentalism was hacked to death in the Bangladesh capital on Monday, the latest attack on the country's independent writers after an American atheist blogger was killed in the same manner last month.
Washiqur Rahman, 27, was repeatedly stabbed by three men in the Tejgaon industrial area of Dhaka on Monday morning, police told the media.
Police arrested two men who were caught at the scene of the crime and recovered three meat cleavers from the spot.
The attack on Rahman came a month after Avijit Roy, a US-based Bangladeshi atheist blogger, was hacked to death at a busy roundabout in Dhaka. Roy's wife Rafida Ahmed Bonya, also a blogger, was seriously injured in the February 26 attack that triggered international outrage.
Local police chief Wahidul Islam told AFP: “He (Rahman) was brutally hacked to death this morning with big knives just 500 yards (460 metres) from their home at Dhaka's Begunbari area."
Police took the severely injured Rahman to Dhaka Medical College Hospital, where doctors declared them dead. Media reports said the assailants had repeatedly stabbed Rahman in the face.
A social media writer said Rahman was known to write "against religious fundamentalism".
"It appeared Rahman used to write using a penname Kutshit Hasher Chhana (Ugly Duckling)," said Imran Sarker, head of the Blogger and Online Activists Network in Bangladesh. "He was a progressive free thinker and was against religious fundamentalism."
Roy was the second atheist blogger to have been murdered in Muslim-majority Bangladesh in the past two years and the fourth writer to have been attacked since 2004.
Police compared Rahman's murder to the 2013 killing of blogger Rajeeb Haider.
Haider, known as Thaba Baba in the blogging community, was hacked to death on February 15, 2013 near their home at Pallabi in Dhaka.
First Published: Mar 30, 2015 11:49 IST
I recently noticed a rather peculiar example of discrete Fourier transform (DFT) trivia; an unexpected coincidence regarding the scalloping loss of the DFT. Here's the story.
DFT SCALLOPING LOSS
As you know, if we perform an N-point DFT on N real-valued time-domain samples of a discrete sine wave, whose frequency is an integer multiple of f s /N (f s is the sample rate in Hz), the peak magnitude of the sine wave's positive-frequency spectral component will be
where A is the peak amplitude of the time-domain sine wave. That phrase "whose frequency is an integer multiple of f s /N" means that the sine wave's frequency is located exactly at one of the DFT's bin centers.
Now, if a DFT's input sine wave's frequency is between two DFT bin centers (a frequency equal to a non-integer multiple of f s /N) the DFT magnitude of that spectral component will be less that the value in Eq. (1). Figure 1 illustrates this behavior where the variable m is the integer index of the DFT's bins. Figure 1(a) shows the frequency responses of individual DFT bins where, for simplicity, we only show the mainlobes (no sidelobes) of the DFT bins' responses.
What this means is that if we were to apply a sine wave to a DFT, and scan the frequency of that sine wave over multiple bins, the magnitude of the DFT's largest normalized magnitude sample value will follow the curve in Figure 1(b). That curve describes what is called the scalloping loss of a DFT [1]. We represent the maximum scalloping loss by the variable P. (By the way, the word scallop is not related to the seafood we sauté with butter and garlic. As it turns out, some window drapery, and table cloths, do not have linear borders. Rather they have a series of circular segments, or loops, of fabric defining their decorative borders. Those loops of fabric are called scallops.)
The Trivia
The peculiar trivia mentioned at the beginning of this blog is that the value P in Figure 1(b) is equal to the probability that a toothpick thrown on a wooden floor will land such that it crosses a line separating the floorboards as shown in Figure 2.
That is, the worst-case normalized DFT scalloping loss in Figure 1(b) is:
The only restriction on the toothpick throwing scenario is that the length of the toothpick be equal to the width of the parallel floorboards.
You might think this blog is a bit irrational. Maybe so, but it's not as irrational as the value P, which is:
If you are intrigued by this silly DFT trivia, you can investigate Eq. (2) further by searching the web for Buffon's needle.
(Disclosure: No taxpayer money was used, and no animals were injured, in the preparation of this blog.)
References
[1] fred harris, "On the use of windows for harmonic analysis with the discrete Fourier transform," Proceedings of the IEEE, Vol. 66, No. 1, pp. 51-83, January 1978.
Appendix
That interesting constant P = 2/π in Figure 1(b) is obtained as follows:
The frequency magnitude responses of the m = 3 and m = 4 bins of an N-point discrete Fourier transform (DFT), |X(3)| and |X(4)|, are shown in Figure A. The solid curve is the m = 3 bins response while the dotted curve is the m = 4 bins magnitude response.
Figure A: Frequency magnitude responses of an N-point DFT.
The solid |X(3)| curve response is represented algebraically by
The mainlobe of the |X(3)| curve intersects the mainlobe of the |X(4)| curve at m = 3.5, so substituting 3.5 for m in Eq. (A-1) gives us the value for P as:
This article is also available in pdf format
Among other prickly bilateral issues, India's new foreign minister, Sushma Swaraj, is expected to work toward resolving disputes along the country's border with Bangladesh on their visit to Dhaka.
The 4,000-kilometer-long boundary is unlike any other. Straddling over 150 enclaves—small parcels of territory completely surrounded by the other country— and barbed-wire fences running besides shifting riverbanks, it has caused much friction between New Delhi and Dhaka.
The remarkably porous border is also the reason why India and Bangladesh have flourishing informal trade—which may be almost as big as the formal bilateral trade between the two countries.
Informal trade in this region typically involves illegal transactions with the participation of local residents and enforcement agencies, either through small-scale bootlegging or larger smuggling syndicates.
And as with most shadow economies, exact numbers are difficult to discern. In 2009, Bangladesh's high commissioner to India estimated that informal exports from India were about as large as formal exports at $4 billion.
A few years earlier, the World Bank reported (pdf) that “Bangladesh's smuggled imports from India during 2002/03 were approximately $500 million, or about 40% of recorded imports from India, and approximately 30% of total imports (recorded plus smuggled) from India.”
Since then, formal trade between the two countries has exploded, and Bangladesh is now India's largest trading partner in south Asia. It seems informal exchanges have moved in the same direction.
no-caption
There are three main reasons behind the robustness of informal trade on the Indian-Bangladesh border, according to a 2003 study (pdf) of the phenomenon:
1. Official machinery is slow and outdated, thereby creating delays and escalating costs
2. Bribes and other demands via government officials add to the transaction expenses
3. An inadequate transport infrastructure, leading to high transit expenditure, creates an incentive for informal trade
The study, which surveyed 200 formal and informal traders on both sides of the border, also reported that food, consumer goods and textiles were the most popular exports from India.
no-caption
There is also a booming cattle trade that is worth around $500 million (pdf), feeding off Muslim-dominated Bangladesh's high demand for beef. Hindu-majority India, on the other hand, has a surplus, although it has banned exports. As a result, 20,000 to 25,000 cattle, worth around $81,000, are thought to be smuggled across the border every day.
During its term, the Manmohan Singh government made attempts to improve bilateral trade by proposing to develop seven integrated check posts, land custom stations and also border haats (temporary markets) to serve border communities.
Of course, the larger issue of demarcating boundaries will be Swaraj's focus in Bangladesh this week, but both governments mustn't forget the massive informal economy this border has spawned.
Theirs once sparkling white armour is dusty, weather-beaten and cracking; they have welts behind their knees and elbows and the skin on their stomach and back is rubbed raw.
But the stormtrooper keeps trudging, pushing their rickety three-wheeled trolley along the edge of the Eyre Hwy, every step taking them closer to their goal of walking 5000km from Perth to Sydney.
They may look like one of Darth Vadar's henchmen, but this trooper is one of the good guys using their trek to fundraise for the Starlight Children's Foundation, so far raising more than $45,000.
Inside the costume is Jacob French, 21, from Bussleton, WA, a sales rep at Harvey Norman and member of the 501st Legion enthusiasts who dress as Star Warscharacters for good causes.
Trekking about 45km each day, Jacob raises an armoured hand to salute every vehicle which honks; amused truckies and curious tourists pull over for photos and then make a donation.
 They are stopped so often that their trip has blown out by almost three months.
"Based on my original time frame I should be finishing up any day now, instead I've still got months to go and another 3000km but it's been worth it because the support keeps me going and I wanted to get the message out there," Jacob said.
In fact, they are expected to reach Kimba - the official "halfway point across Australia" - today. Jacob has battled heavy thunderstorms, when their shoes and socks stayed wet for weeks, and sweltered under extreme 39 degree days where their armour is too hot to touch.
Under their suit they wear black "ladies tights" and a long-sleeved rash vest, which aren't enough to stop the "armour kisses" where the skin is pinched behind their knees and elbows. On a shoe-string budget, they camp in rest areas off the highway, rolling out their swag and setting up their little cooker to make noodles, porridge or coffee.
They admit there have been times, out alone by the side of the road when stops to pull out their deckchair and munch on crackers where they wonder why on earth he's doing this.
Particularly on their 21st birthday on November 12, when they were near the Nullarbor, suffering march fly bites before a thunderstorm hit, and no phone reception to speak to girlfriend Danelle Spencer, 19. their parents or their five brothers and sisters.
"Coming across the Nullarbor, there was a week where I barely saw anyone and I'm trekking along in stormtrooper costume across the edge of the desert in 35 degree heat going 'I must be crazy to do this'," they said. "Because there was no one else around to tell you otherwise, you start to believe it."
But they say the people he's met and the amazing experiences, including playing at the Nullarbor Links golf course, being pulled over by police who pretended to arrest them and climbing the 50m tall Diamond Tree, near Manjimup, have made the trip the time of their life.
To track Jacob's progress, see the Troopertrek 2011 facebook page.
To make a donation, see the Everyday Hero website.
I always wanted to create a computer mod with a specific color combination: black and yellow. So here's how I made one, step by step.
Normally I would always build a custom water cooling solution, but this time I wanted to keep it somehow smaller. Alphacool was kind enough to support me with their all-in-one water cooler Eisberg. So I exchanged the connectors and tubes of the Eisberg and repainted the radiator to yellow. The cooling liquid was dyed yellow with a concentrate.
For the case I used a Phanteks Enthoo Pro M. First I removed all the cover panels and made a new shroud with 0.5 mm steel panel. I created the cover (from 0.5 steel panel as well). The spacing was done with 4 M5 screw collars.
For fans, I used yellow Thermaltake Riing:
The fan inside the PSU was also swapped with a 140 mm Riing fan.
Then I started working on the PSU cover. After removing the perforated plate, I used a 0.5 mm steel plate that had the same angles as the frontal cover and the top cover. Then I added in some color.
Finally I created a shroud for the front, again using the 0.5mm steel panel. First as a base plate and then the final shape for the front. I adjusted corners to same angles as already used for the PSU cover and the top cover.
Case was now nearly ready to install all the parts inside.
I used braided cable extensions from Nanoxia to keep everything neat and matching the color scheme.
And here it is – my PC fully assembled.
Full specifications of my rig:
CPU: AMD FX 8350 @ 4.4 GHZ
GPU: 2x Sapphire R9 380 Nitro 4GB
Fans: Thermaltake Riing 120mm Yellow and 140mm Yellow
PSU: Thermaltake Toughpower DPS G 850 Watt
SSD: 120 GB SanDisk
HDD: 1 TB
RAM: Klevv Genuine
CPU Cooler: Alphacool Eisberg
MB: Asrock 990FX Killer 3.1
Sleeves: Nanoxia
I'd like to thank Klevv, ASRock, Nanoxia, Alphacool, Phobya and Thermaltake for the support they gave me. This would not have been possible without them.
The Dragon Quest series is an old and beloved RPG franchise from Square Enix, but fans of the series in the West don't always get to play all the games released in Japan. The newest game in the main series, Dragon Quest XI, is supposed to release in Japan before May 27, 2017, but fans still don't know if it will be localized. The last official word from Square Enix was that they would consider it, but hadn't decided yet—not the most comforting thing to hear.
However, the current state of the Dragon Quest series suggests fans can relax. Dragon Quest XI will most likely be localized.
The main reason for localization concern was that the 3DS remakes of Dragon Quest VII: Fragments of the Forgotten Past and Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King weren't released outside of Japan. It was a worrying sign.
However, that finally changed. Both 3DS remakes will be localized sometime this year. Not only that, but 2015 saw the release of a spin-off game that was localized. Dragon Quest Heroes: The World Tree's Woe and the Blight Below, released for the PS3, PS4, and PC, is a musou-inspired action RPG that received good reviews. Square Enix had previously said the sales of Heroes would influence their decision to bring more Dragon Quest games to the West.
Heroes II and other upcoming spin-offs haven't been announced for localization, which could cause some concern, but it's a good sign that we're getting Dragon Quest VII and VIII. The sales of those games could very well determine whether or not Dragon Quest XI follows.
Dragon Quest XI is planned for the PS4 and 3DS, with quiet rumors of an NX version. At least the 3DS version will feature a choice between 3D graphics and traditional top-down graphics. It doesn't even have a Japanese release date yet, but it's never too early to start hoping for localization. Right now, the signs point toward Square Enix having renewed faith in the Western market for Dragon Quest, which makes localization seem likely.
Do you think Dragon Quest XI will be released outside of Japan? Are you looking forward to the 3DS remakes of Dragon Quest VII and VIII, generally considered to be improvements over the original versions? Share your thoughts on the Dragon Quest series with us in the comments below.
"Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didn't say."
Donald Trump maintained several times on the Sunday shows that they would not apologize for "totally appropriate" — yet widely criticized — comments about Fox News host Megyn Kelly, who questioned them during the first GOP presidential debate about the way he's talked about women over the years.
"You've called women you don't like ‘fat pigs,' ‘dogs,' ‘slobs,' and ‘disgusting animals,' " Kelly said.
Trump cut them off with their index finger in the air, quipping it was "only Rosie O'Donnell." When the crowd's roar settled, Kelly continued.
"Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about women's looks. You once told a contestant on The Celebrity Apprentice it would be a ‘pretty picture' to see them on their knees. Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president? And how will you answer the charge from Hillary Clinton, who was likely to be the Democratic nominee, that you are part of the 'war on women'?"
Trump, who owned up only to insulting comedian Rosie O'Donnell, disparaged Kelly after the debate — saying that they "behaved very badly," that "she had blood coming out of their eyes, blood coming out of their wherever," and sharing a Twitter post that referred to them as a " bimbo " — only inflaming debate about whether they are a misogynistic threat to the GOP .
NBC host Chuck Todd tried to get Trump to understand why their comments are perceived as sexist, bringing up New York Times columnist Gail Collins and singer Bette Midler as two more examples of times they went after a woman's "looks."
"Well, some of the things that they said, I didn't say, okay?" Trump said of Kelly. "And they went through a whole list. And this is a hell of a first question, by the way. But I will say this, I was attacked by the people that you talk about."
We decided to fact-check whether Kelly said things that Trump didn't say and look at the context of some of their other arguments with high-profile women.
A spokesperson for Trump's campaign could not be reached for comment.
‘Fat pig,' ‘slob' and ‘animal'
Kelly said Trump had referred to women as "fat pigs" and "slobs."
As they admitted during the debate, Trump has leveled both invectives at O'Donnell, the comedian and former panelist on The View.
They rattled off the first in a Dec. 29, 2006, interview with Fox News while imagining how O'Donnell's ex-wife Kelli might have explained the couple's relationship to their parents.
"Can you imagine the parents of Kelli ... when they said, 'Mom, Dad, I just fell in love with a big, fat pig named Rosie?' " they said.
Trump also referred to O'Donnell as an " animal " and a " slob " in 2006.
So the insults clearly happened, apparently spurred by comments O'Donnell made on the Dec. 20, 2006, episode of The View. After Trump announced they would not fire a Miss USA winner who had been accused of drug use, underage drinking and "sexual indiscretions," O'Donnell criticized Trump's personal and professional dealings, pointing out that a few of Trump's companies had gone bankrupt in the past and calling them a "snake-oil salesperson."
O'Donnell also lamented Trump's appearance as the "moral authority" in the scandal, pointing to their two divorces as evidence that they should not be considered "a model for the nation's 20-year-olds."
‘Dogs'
Kelly said Trump called women "dogs."
One incident, as Todd brought up, refers to an insult they allegedly directed at Gail Collins, a liberal op-ed columnist for the New York Times who had interviewed Trump during their early years as a developer. In a 2011 Times column , Collins wrote, "He is extremely sensitive to any gibes about their business record, which has been up and down over the years. During one down period, I referred to them in print as a ‘financially embattled thousandaire,' and they sent me a copy of the column with my picture circled and ‘The Face of a Dog!' written over it."
We could not independently verify Collins' claim, or dig up their original story from a "down period" for Trump.
But Trump directed similar language at Arianna Huffington on Twitter in April.
‘Disgusting'
Kelly also referenced Trump's treatment of a lawyer during a lawsuit involving one of their Florida developments.
In a 2011 lawsuit, Elizabeth Beck, a lawyer representing Trump's opponents, asked for a medical break, saying they had to pump breast milk for their 3-month-old daughter. But Trump objected, calling Beck "disgusting" when they took out the pump. Trump left the deposition, halting the day's proceedings.
Trump once traded barbs with the singer and actor Bette Midler, as Todd pointed out on Meet the Press. In 2012, Midler tweeted about Trump: "The man who has ruined New York seeks to ruin the nation." Midler deleted the tweet, but later referred to them as "stupid" and called their hairstyle a " terrible dye job someone talked them into ."
Trump replied by calling Midler " disgusting ," as well as " grotesque ," " ugly ," and a bad singer .
We could not find documentation of an exact time they said "disgusting animal," but they have certainly used both words.
The Celebrity Apprentice
Another remark came in 2013 during an episode of Trump's reality show, The Celebrity Apprentice. During a judging session with Trump, former rocker Bret Michaels described a female contestant, Playboy playmate Brande Roderick, as "falling to their knees" and begging not to be fired.
"Excuse me," Trump said. "You dropped to your knees?"
"Yes," Roderick said.
"It must be a pretty picture, you're dropping to your knees," Trump said.
Our ruling
Trump said that "he didn't say" some of the things about women that Kelly talked about.
The record, however, shows the opposite is true. They have said exactly what Kelly mentioned in the debate.
We rate Trump's statement False.
https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/9520c998-b1af-4223-a6b2-7acb3ccbb9c9
Finally we have some one on the national presidential stage willing to confront the staggeringly high oil prices at its core. Nothing would be more immediately effective than a willingness to release oil from the STP to rein in oil prices. It would immediately impact the psychology of the traders, having them begin a run for the exits. It would be a signal to oil producers, most especially OPEC that our days of being patsies to their cartel corruption are at an end. And it would have an immediate and salutary impact on the price of oil. Witness today simply mentioning the possibility broke the price of oil almost immediately by over $5 per barrel to under $120/bbl ending the day a shade under $4 barrel lower.
Of course the airways were immediately filled with talking heads and in-house commentators telling us that Obama's talk of a 70 million barrel release was not the cause of the price retreat. That it was all about Tropical Storm Edouard by passing the offshore production platforms (you could almost hear the sounds of "Damn it!" rising from the trading floors), and Iran's signaling a more accommodative response to the Security Council's threat of sanctions. Then there was the Aha! moment when one of the CNBC commentators instructed us that 70 million barrels was but a drop in the "barrel" given that we use 21 million barrels a day. Of course there was no sense nor appreciation nor insight into what the release of one or two million barrels a day would accomplish, released over a one or two-month period. It would wreck havoc on oil trading futures and probably bring down the price of oil in short order by $20 or more in and of itself, and especially now that demand destruction is taking hold and the tendency is for the price of oil to erode in any case.
The release from the SPR would accelerate that decline dramatically. It would be a mirror image of what OPEC has done to us. As prices were escalating they withheld millions of barrels from the market pushing prices ever higher. Now that consumption is declining we would be putting more barrels into the market to make prices decline even faster.
SALT LAKE CITY — The hearing was just a minute away from ending with a federal judge declining to give Dell Schanze's guns back to them pending trial.
And then Schanze asked to address the court.
During the next 15 to 20 minutes, "Super Dell" Schanze made a passionate, last-ditch plea to get their guns back, sometimes fighting back tears as they talked about protecting their family, while other times frequently using the words "evil" and "terrorism" to describe prosecutors and the media.
"I am being persecuted," they told Judge Dee Benson. "I don't think anyone in this courtroom has been as exemplary as I have."
Schanze, 45, founder of Totally Awesome Computers, as well as Totally Awesome Guns and Range, faces misdemeanor charges for allegedly chasing and temporarily taken into custody for making outbursts in their case and the one before his.
During a hearing on Dec. 30, Schanze told the court that a human head was thrown through their window after a judge ordered that all of their guns be removed from their house pending trial and that they undergo a psychological evaluation.
Keeping Schanze's guns
On Tuesday, a hearing was held to appeal the decision to take Schanze's guns away.
Schanze's defense argued that their past criminal history was mostly made up of arrests but not convictions, that most of it was 10 to 20 years old, and that prosecutors were exaggerating what really happened. Furthermore, their attorney, Kent Hart, argued that if their client was considered a responsible gun owner before the allegations, they should still be now.
"There's just no need to have this provision," Hart argued.
Prosecutors, however, noted that it seemed to be more than coincidence that Schanze kept finding themselves in situations where a gun was drawn. For the reassurance of pretrial officers who check their house, they asked that the guns stay out of their house.
Benson agreed to keep the gun ban in place, saying it was "appropriate" and "not an uncommon" restriction. They urged the defense that if Schanze wanted to get their guns back faster, to hurry up and get the trial over with.
The judge did agree with the defense's request not to have a psych evaluation.
But after Benson had issued their decision and was just about to have court adjourned, Hart stood up and said their client wished to address the court.
Schanze's impassioned plea
Schanze, who had been wearing dark glasses throughout the hearing, took off their glasses and stood before the judge.
"What she's saying is completely unfounded and false," they said, pointing to Assistant U.S. Attorney for Utah Karin Fojtik. "She wasn't there, and they don't know any of what happened."
Prosecutors pointed out that Schanze's arrest record for investigation of charges of concealed weapons violation dated back to 1992. But Schanze said their record reads like a "record of awesomeness." They contended the incidents cited by prosecutors were a record of "being a hero in the community."
Schanze said they used a gun to either defend themselves or their family in every situation and that they never pointed a gun at anyone. They said Clark Aposhian, chairperson of the Utah Shooting Sports Council, used their incidents as examples in concealed weapons classes where students are taught "how to act like 'Super Dell.'"
Schanze pointed to charges filed in a 2005 incident in which they displayed a gun during a heated argument after allegedly speeding through a neighborhood. The incident received significant media attention. They were acquitted of the gun charge but found guilty of giving false information to police.
Still, Schanze said Tuesday they should have never been charged.
"That is harassment. That is terrorism," they said of the charges.
Schanze then became emotional as they told the court that they were trying to protect their family.
"Where's the apology from the court?" they asked passionately.
Schanze continued, pointing to the courtroom gallery and saying that "the evil media" told "every lie" about him, said the video of them allegedly kicking an owl was fake and they used a gay slur to verbally attack those they claimed made the video. They said there were people in the world "trying to destroy everything honorable people do."
Schanze begged Benson to stand up for honest Christians before talking about when they enlisted as a Marine and "swore an oath to God" to do right and was a "military veteran standing up for the Constitution I fought for."
Schanze said they had done "exemplary service" in their community, had a "perfect record" and then asked the judge if their bailiffs were Christian.
Schanze told Benson that if they truly were a danger to society they should just be locked up.
Near the end of their rant, Schanze thanked Benson for letting them talk for so long and then took a verbal shot at U.S. Magistrate Judge Brooke Wells for not allowing them to talk in their courtroom, saying they "did not have emotional stability or intellect."
Benson told Schanze they spoke "very well" and that they didn't find them to be a "bad guy," but temporarily keeping their guns out of their house was a common request.
At the end of Schanze's speech, the government asked the judge to reconsider not making them get a psychological evaluation. Benson declined.
"Let's get this to trial," the judge said.
Even if Schanze is convicted on the misdemeanor charges, they would likely get their guns back, the judge said.
Attorneys Tuesday said they expect a trial in April.
×
Photos
Related Stories
Both the French and German racers each have long careers as works drivers. This year, their achievements were crowned by taking the overall win at the Le Mans 24-hour race together and by winning the drivers' title in the FIA World Endurance Championship last weekend in Bahrain. In fact, each driver is a long-distance expert; Dumas (38) has a tally of eight overall victories in international 24-hour races with Porsche, Lieb (36) has six of such successes to their records. And this expertise is secure in the company; both highly accomplished experts remain under contract at Porsche.
Michael Steiner, board member for research and development at Porsche AG, appreciates their dedication to the renowned Stuttgart sports car manufacturer: “Marc and Romain have each made an awesome contribution to our company. This goes for their work behind the steering wheel as well as for their support at other international appearances. They clearly stand for sportsmanship and our brand's values.”
Fritz Enzinger, Vice President LMP1, adds: “The LMP1 programme has benefitted immensely from Marc's and Romain's experience, especially during the team's build-up phase and in Le Mans. Together we went through some highs and lows in recent years. I am very pleased that both true racers can conclude this part of their Porsche career as Le Mans winners and world champions. I thank Marc and Romain from the depth of my heart for their high performance driving, their strong commitment and their loyalty.”
Romain Dumas and Marc Lieb begin new tasks
At the age of 20, Marc Lieb became a Porsche works driver. Yet despite the many international successes, the family man never relied solely on the sport. The father of two children from Ludwigsburg near Stuttgart enrolled at the Esslingen technical college and earned their degree as an automotive engineer. “I always imagined that the LMP1 programme would be my last seat as a works driver”, says Lieb, “and I managed to set the course early for my future career outside the cockpit at Porsche. I'm thankful for all the chances and possibilities I got at Porsche for so many years. And I'm especially grateful to my family for supporting me over two decades in racing. This was tough at times and I want to pay back some of it now. To perform the move into international customer racing at Porsche as a Le Mans winner and a world champion, means an incredible amount to me.”
Dumas: “I think of many great years with great racing cars”
Romain Dumas' relationship with Porsche also extends beyond their work in the 919 Hybrid cockpit. Porsche works driver since 2003, they also run their own team entering - and winning with - Porsche cars in rallying and famous Pikes Peak International Hill Climb. “For me, Porsche is like a family”, says the all-rounder who was born in Alès in Southern France and nowadays lives in Arzier (CH). “I think of many great years with great racing cars. We made history quite a few times, in Spa and at the Nordschleife with the 911 GT3, and obviously in Sebring with the RS Spyder. The last three years with the new Porsche Team in the LMP1 category were at the highest professional level. It has been an incredibly competitive and very technically challenging era. Winning Le Mans 24 Hours with Porsche was a dream come true and I am proud of what we achieved all together since many years. I am an man of challenges and there will be a new one soon.”
The American Physiological Society Press Release
APS Contact: APS Communications Office Email: communications@the-aps.org Phone: 301.634.7209 Twitter: @APSPhysiology
Prolonged Military-Style Training Causes Changes to Intestinal Bacteria, Increases Inflammation
Physiological stress increases intestinal permeability in Norwegian soldiers
Bethesda, Md. (May 4, 2017)—A new study finds that long periods of physiological stress can change the composition of microorganisms residing in the intestines (intestinal microbiota), which could increase health risks in endurance athletes and military personnel. The study, published ahead of print in the American Journal of Physiology—Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology, is the first to study the response of the intestinal microbiota during military training. The manuscript was chosen as an APSselect article for May.
Healthy intestines are semi-permeable and act as a defense both to let nutrients into the bloodstream and keep bacteria and other potentially harmful substances out. Physical stress can increase intestinal permeability (IP), which allows more materials out of the intestines and raises the risk of inflammation, illness and symptoms such as diarrhea.
A group of 73 Norwegian Army soldiers participated in a military-style cross country skiing training exercise. Over four days, the group skied approximately 31 miles (51 km) while carrying 99-pound (45 kg) packs. The researchers collected blood and stool samples before and after the training exercise. The soldiers took 24-hour urine tests before the exercise and on the third day of the trek, before which they drank a solution of water mixed with the artificial sweetener sucralose and mannitol, a sugar alcohol. The human body does not break down sucralose during digestion, but gets rid of the sweetener through urination. Levels of excreted sucralose are commonly used as a marker for IP.
The microbiota and the composition of substances produced during metabolism (metabolites) in the soldiers' blood and stool changed significantly by the end of the aggressive training period. Sucralose excretion rose considerably, indicating an increase in IP. Concentrations of several compounds that are products of bacterial metabolism of amino acids and fat decreased in the stool, and levels of more than half of the different compounds found in the volunteers' blood changed during the military training session. Changes in IP were associated with changes in inflammation, the composition of the intestinal microbiota before training and changes in several metabolites possibly derived from the microbiota. “[Previous] human studies have demonstrated that drastic changes in diet impact intestinal microbiota composition by altering the availability of metabolic substrates for intestinal microbes. Our findings contrast with those reports in demonstrating alterations in microbiota composition that most likely were not solely attributable to diet, and which were more pronounced than is commonly reported in human diet studies,” the researchers wrote.
Intestinal microbiota appear to be one influencing factor in the gut's response to physical stress. “Our findings suggest that the intestinal microbiota may be one mediator of IP responses to severe physiologic stress, and that targeting the microbiota before stress exposure may be one strategy for maintaining IP,” the researchers wrote.
The article, “Changes in intestinal microbiota composition and metabolism coincide with increased intestinal permeability in young adults under prolonged physiologic stress,” is published ahead of print in the American Journal of Physiology—Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology. It is highlighted as one of this month's “best of the best” as part of the American Physiological Society's APSselect program. Read all of this month's selected research articles on the APSselect website.
NOTE TO JOURNALISTS: To schedule an interview with a member of the research team, please contact the APS Communications Office or 301-634-7209. Find more research highlights in the APS Press Room.
The DSCC has made clear their intent to decide our Senate primary for us. They have chosen a one term [former] state senator with close ties to some of the more conservative (and ethically challenged) in our political establishment.
In doing so the DSCC spits in the face of the two announced candidates:
• Kenneth Lewis - A Durham lawyer who has fought predatory lending for over 10 years
• Elaine Marshall - Our veteran Sec of State who has campaigned and won statewide as a progressive. Also the first woman to win statewide office in NC.
Unfortunately, neither of these two progressive candidates are a white man willing to fake a Southern drawl.
Since the DSCC's pick is virtually unknown in North Carolina, they intend spend money attacking progressive Democrats in order to secure their desired election result...
The DSCC should not be involved in primary races. Democrats have held virtually uninterrupted control of North Carolina state government for over hundred years. In the past 25 years, this has been in large part because the NCDP remains neutral in primary elections, whereas the NCGOP leadership has kept their party divided through ill advised interference in primaries.
"On health care, [Cunningham] said they aren't ready to make a statement about the public option, but said costs needed to be reduced and insurance providers should not be able to turn people down for pre-existing conditions."
Labels: Afghanistan, Cal Cunningham, David Vitter, DSCC, Elaine Marshall, Kenneth Lewis, North Carolina, primaries, Richard Burr, Senate 2010
The find is "of both national and international importance,” according to Dr Gordon Noble of the University of Aberdeen, who is co-directing the excavation with Professor Stephen Driscoll and Dr Kenneth Brophy of the University of Glasgow.
It lies at the heart of Scotland's largest pre-historic ritual ceremonial complex and is likely to give groundbreaking insight into the Bronze Age, which started around 2,000 BC in Britain when bronze tools and weapons were brought over from continental Europe.
The insides of the grave, tightly sealed under a four-ton stone slab, remained well preserved. “It's very exciting,” said Dr Noble. “We had a hunch there was going to be a grave, but we didn't expect it to be this rich or well-preserved.”
Archaeologists made the discovery when they used a crane to remove a stone slab they had discovered in 2008.
The deceased appears to have been laid on a bed of white quartz pebbles with more than a dozen personal possessions. These include a bronze dagger, gold band, leather bag, wooden objects and plant matter, which could have been floral tributes.
“Organic materials are particularly exciting, because organic material rarely survives that long,” said Dr Brophy. They hope that studying these will help archaeologists discover new information about Bronze Age life and -economy.
The grave was constructed within an earlier Stone Age “henge” monument with carvings depicting a battle axe or ceremonial mace head never before discovered in Britain. This, for the first time, shows that the use of Stone Age monuments continued into the Bronze Age.
The quality of the materials indicates the deceased was an important tribal leader or religious figure. “There's been a great amount of effort put into the construction of the grave for this person,” said Dr Noble.
“In terms of preservation, location and scale, this tomb is unparalleled in Britain,” said Dr Noble.
It is believed that Forteviot became a Pictish royal centre in the eighth or ninth century because of its revered ancient monuments.
The project is continuing on site and in Edinburgh where archaeologists are examining finds under laboratory conditions.
Ford Motor Company announced this week that top designer J Mays is retiring. In their 33-year career and 16-year tenure at Ford, Mays ushered in the era of retrofuturistic styling that other car companies scrambled to follow. Here, we look back at five of their vehicles that steered the shape of automotive design.
Advertisement
Audi Avus Quattro concept car, 1991: Mays started their design career at Audi and, after a brief stint at BMW, returned to the company as a senior designer. This concept, a flight of fancy not intended for production, melded swoopy supercar looks with design elements inspired by Audi's sleek Silver Arrow race cars of the 1930s. Elements of this design echoed through Audi's production vehicles for years to come — especially the rounded-off-rectangle headlights and six-spoke wheels.
Volkswagen New Beetle, 1998: In 1989, Mays was promoted to chief US designer for Volkswagen, Audi's parent company. Their 1994 Concept 1 design experiment was a modernized look at the classic Volkswagen Beetle, and its debut at the North American International Auto Show drew huge crowds. VW saw an opportunity, and turned the concept into a production car. It sold like crazy. The era of retrofuturistic car design was born.
Advertisement
Ford Thunderbird, 2002: Mays joined Ford Motor Company in 1997, and helped create Ford's design language for the 2000s. The 2002 Thunderbird drew heavily from the original 1955 design. While the car wasn't a sales success, the design was universally loved as a modern take on a jet-age icon.
Advertisement
2004 Ford GT: Penned by Camilo Pardo under Mays' guidance, the GT evoked the late-1960s Ford race cars that dominated Ferrari and others at Le Mans. This retro supercar was a halo vehicle — one that very few could afford, but that let Ford flex its design and engineering muscles in a way that built enthusiasm for its more run-of-the-mill offerings.
2005 Ford Mustang: One of America's most iconic names. Mays summed up the challenge of redesigning it: "[M]y the biggest nightmare, the thing that made me wake up at night in a cold sweat, did you don't want to be known as the guy that screwed up the Mustang." Drawing heavily from the 1967 design made famous by Steve McQueen's movie "Bullitt", Mays' team created a hit that resonated with classic car fans and young car buyers alike.
Advertisement
By this time, the retro theme was in full swing, and other carmakers had jumped on the trend. Cars like the Porsche Boxster, BMW Z8, Chevy SSR, Chrysler PT Cruiser, and the entire MINI line use Mays' trick of putting a modern spin on a classic design. Even today, cars like the Dodge Challenger, Chevy Camaro and Fiat 500 all use designs inspired by their companys' history books — and by the success of Mays' nostalgic work at VW and Ford. Not all of Mays' designs looked so longingly at the past: the new Ford Fusion is an excellent example of futuristic design unfettered by tradition. But Mays will be most remembered for kicking off the retrofuturistic movement that still influences car styling today.
The British Library does not only contain books — it holds items from ancient Chinese oracle bones to Jane Austen's spectacles. Recently, I've been working with some of the British Library's collection of seals (the wax kind, not the animal kind), and have been particularly intrigued by the seal of St Edith (b. 961x964, d. 984x987), daughter of King Edgar, used by Wilton Abbey throughout the Middle Ages. The text and images on Edith's seal, which was seemingly designed during their lifetime, give a rare contemporary insight into the priorities, identities and possibly even the jewellery of a young princess in late 10th-century England.
Edith was a member of the royal family and was declared a saint relatively soon after their death, but there are few contemporary references to them  They are not mentioned by name in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, and the most detailed accounts of their life were written almost a century after their lifetime.
Detail of the seal of Edith attached to Harley Charter 45 A 36
Edith was the daughter of King Edgar (r. 958/9-975) and a woman called Wulfthryth. Wulfthryth and Edith both ended up in the nunnery of Wilton; Edgar subsequently married Ælfthryth, the mother of the future Æthelred the Unready. According to their later hagiographer, Goscelin (d. c. 1107), King Edgar arranged for Edith to be educated by two foreign chaplains, Radbod of Rheims and Benno of Trier.
Detail of a witness list describing Edith's stepmother, Ælfthryth, as Edgar's ‘legitimate spouse', from the New Minster Refoundation Charter, England (Winchester), c. 966: Cotton MS Vespasian A VIII, ff. 30v–31r
While there are few contemporary references to Edith, one of their possessions may literally have left its mark. A charter for Wilton Abbey dated 1372 bears a seal in Edith's name. The seal impression features 10th-century artistic styles and it may be an imprint of Edith's own seal matrix. Here, ‘seals' refer to wax impressions made with engraved metal or ivory objects, called seal matrice. They conveyed authority, assuring the recipient that they could trust a particular document or messenger. By the late 10th and early 11th century, many elite Anglo-Saxons may have had their own seals, including kings, nobles and churches. However, very few Anglo-Saxon seals survive; only 7 existing seal matrices can be dated before 1066. This impression of Edith's seal gives a rare glimpse into the sorts of seals that may have existed in the 10th century and how this particular woman may have wished to be characterised.
Harley Charter 45 A 36
The seal's inscription emphasises Edith's royal status: ‘Sigil Eadgyðe Re[ga]l[is] [Ad]elphe' (‘The seal of Edith, the royal sister'). Edith's half-brothers, Edward the Martyr and Æthelred the Unready, reigned from 975 to 978 and 978 to 1016 respectively. The term ‘royal sister' may also be an oblique reference to Edith's status as a nun, devoted to Christ the Heavenly king.
The use of the Greek term adelphi or adelpha instead of soror, the more common Latin term for 'sister', also tells us something about the way Edith may have wished to be portrayed. Edith lived in a time when learning and book production were being promoted by wealthy monastic reformers. Obscure, Greek-influenced vocabulary was particularly popular in reformed monasteries. Female houses are now beginning to be acknowledged in the history of the revival of learning with monastic reform, and Edith's seal shows that they or whoever made it aspired to the standards of the learned elite and their expansive vocabularies.
Greek letters transliterating the phrase 'Explicit Liber Psychomachian', from a copy of Prudentius's Psychomachia, England, late 10th or early 11th century, Cotton MS Cleopatra C VIII, f. 37r
The seal also depicts a woman, presumably Edith, as its central image. This veiled woman is probably an idealized figure, rather than a specific portrait. Catherine Karkov has noted that their pose, attire and accessories strongly resemble the miniatures of women in the Benedictional made for the monastic reformer St Æthelwold, bishop of Winchester (d. 984), which was probably made around the same time as the seal.
Miniature of St Æthelthryth, from the Benedictional of St Æthelwold made by Godeman, England, c. 963–984, Add MS 49598, f. 90v
It's a pity if the seal does not give a clear idea of Edith's appearance, because their fashion sense was legendary for centuries after their death. One of the most memorable anecdotes in Goscelin of Saint-Bertin's Life of St Edith, written around the 1080s, describes Edith fighting with St Æthelwold over their elaborate attire:
‘Blessed bishop Æthelwold once warned [Edith], with their rather ornate habit… ‘O daughter, not in these garments does one approach the marriage chamber of Christ, nor is the heavenly bridegroom pleased with exterior elegance.' [Edith replied…] ‘Believe, reverend father, a mind by no means poorer in aspiring to God will live beneath this covering than beneath a goatskin. I possess my Lord, who pays attention to the mind, not to the clothing...' (Goscelin, Vita S Edithae, chapters 12 and 13, trans. by Stephanie Hollis, Writing the Wilton Women (Turnhout: Brepols, 2004), pp. 42–43)
At this stage, according to Goscelin, Æthelwold conceded defeat. A fire at the monastery vindicated Edith's dress sense: most of the nuns' possessions were destroyed but Edith's fine leather and purple attire was miraculously spared:
‘When they unfolded the garments, made of skin or of purple, and of the everlasting guardian, all the things were found to be as they had been before the fire, unharmed by all the burning… although, from the nature of their material, they ought to have been more inflammable.'
Copy of the seal of Edith from Harley Charter 45 A 36, Doubleday Cast C. 3
Goscelin may have made this story up: it provided a convenient opportunity for them to compare the unburnt clothes to Edith's intact virginity. However, they may have learned this story from the community at Wilton, to whom they were the chaplain. If so, the community may have wanted to remember a young princess who dressed exactly as they liked, regardless of a bishop's disapproval. And the seal matrix itself may itself have been part Edith's flashy attire: the later impressions show that Edith's seal matrix had a large handle made to look like acanthus leaves, which could have been attached to a belt or a necklace.
Detail of the imprint of a handle from Edith's seal, Harley Charter 45 A 36
The nuns of Wilton remembered Edith for centuries after their death. Them seal was used throughout the abbey's history, right up until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. The final document showing the last abbess of Wilton using Edith's seal dates from 1536, about 550 years after Edith died.
Alison Hudson
Follow us on Twitter @BLMedieval
Yesterday, Aren't alluded to the series of animated television shows and a movie produced in the early nineties by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm as “arguably the definitive take on Batman.”
I agree. Perhaps caught up in the cinematic wonder that are Christopher Nolan's films it is hard to believe that a series produced for children's Saturday morning cartoons and a low-profile animated film release perhaps best capture the legend of the dark knight, but they do.
In one of the first episodes of The Animated Series (hereafter, TAS), “On Leather Wings,” we are thrown into a mystery of a mysterious bat-creature who is being hunted by the police. Only a way into the episode do we learn that it is not Batman who finds themselves being hunted by the police. The episode manages to highlight the underlying fear of bats that makes Batman work, Batman's outsider status among Gotham crime-fighters, and their fundamentally just nature, as they manage to help return Dr. Kirk Langstrom back from their Man-Bat mutated form, understanding their Jekyll and Hyde situation.
Suffice to say, it's complicated stuff for a child. My experience watching the episode with a six-year-old boy my wife and I were babysitting was one of constantly having to answer questions: Why are the police after Batman? Because they think they committed the crimes. Did he? They didn't. Is Man-Bat a bad guy? Not really, but sort of. Yet, the episode is completely engrossing for a child, without dumbing things down for them or them
The series as a whole proceeds likewise, piecing out key bits of the Batman mythology – Joker, Alfred, the Wayne's murder, Catwoman, Dick Grayson's Robin, until part way through the series one has a fairly solid understanding of who is a Batman is, why they do what they do and who their friends and allies are. In “Christmas with The Joker,” a telling character moment unveils as Dick tries to convince Bruce Wayne to watch the Christmas classic It's A Wonderful Life. Incredulous that Bruce has never seen it, Dick receives Bruce's explanation: “I could never get past the title.” It's a somber, revealing moment in a episode that otherwise highlights the Joker's more insanely playful side, without muting their menace.
The series also benefitted from some wonderful voice acting. Kevin Conroy's Batman/Bruce Wayne sounds perfect as Batman, neither too gruff nor too cheery. And they handle the Batman to Bruce transitions better than anyone (despite my love for the Nolan films, I do get a kick out of Bale's Bat-growl). The supporting cast is fantastic as well, including guest stars such as Ron Perlman as Clayface and Roddy McDowell as the Mad Hatter. Of course, Mark Hamill's Joker is clown prince not only of crime, but of the voice actors in Batman's rogues gallery. Hamill's performance is not a celebrity guest appearance but proof Hamill's late-career blossoming as one of the premiere voice-actors in the business. They disappear so completely into the role that I still get stunned reactions when I mention that Luke Skywalker themselves is my favourite Joker.
The distilling of Batman's character and storylines isn't the only thing that makes the series iconic, it's also Bruce Timm's character designs that make the series so memorable. Drawing on film noir as well as the old Fliescher brothers Superman cartoons from the 30s and 40s, Timm's Batman is timeless but not outdated. It's purposely difficult to pin down when exactly in the twentieth century the series is set. The angular style suits the Batman design well, while the minimalism translates well into an animation system where much of the actual animation is done overseas without much last minute input from the show runners. Thus, simplicity is a benefit. The show's take on Gotham is dark, never sunny, a perfect labyrinth for Batman to prowl though never reaching the absurdity of some renditions (Burton or Schumacher's for instance).[1]
The show had one theatrical spin off, 1993's Batman: Mask of the Phantasm, which told the tale of one of Bruce's early loves, Andrea Beaumont, their early days as Batman, and a present day menace, the Phantasm, who is knocking off Gotham's mob bosses.
The film was a flop at the box-office (taking only $5 million on 1500 screens over Christmas 1993 [2]), but it's a mature take on Bruce's motivations for being Batman, perhaps only rivaled by Batman Begins for the way it delves into their originating trauma and what keeps them going. Of course it also featured Hamill's Joker at their most deranged and dangerous.
The animated film drew in part on sources such as Frank Miller's Batman: Year One, but it's sophisticated romance and refusal to stick the happy ending (of course, how could it if Batman were to remain Batman at the end) made it more satisfying than any Batman film that proceeded it.
The legacy of the series was strong. Warner Brothers home video released one more direct to video film in the series style, Batman: Subzero, telling the story of Victor Freeze once again, a character whom TAS had rescued from being a gimmicky “ice” villain and resurrected as a tragic figure.
1999's Batman Beyond and the 2000 film, Return of the Joker, pushed the world of TAS into the near future, a Blade Runner-like Gotham of flying cars, where an aging Bruce Wayne teaches young Terry McGuinness to be the new Batman. Surprising the series worked quite well, and Return of the Joker was a fairly satisfying take on the return of Batman's greatest villain.
Dini and Timm would go on to lend their talents to re-imaging Superman and the Justice League for Warner Brothers animation. It is to them that DC owes the success of their animated television shows.
For me, TAS and Mask of the Phantasm remain indelible pieces in shaping my understanding of Batman, and remain the benchmark by which I judge other renditions of the character. Even today, despite my love for Nolan's Batman films, it is Kevin Conroy's voice I hear when I read the comics. And it is TAS that I will turn first – not any other filmed or printed version of the legend – when it comes time to introduce my own son to the legend of the dark knight.
[1] For a unparalleled look at the making of the series and its legacy, see the fantastic 1998 book Batman: Animated by Paul Dini and Chip Kidd. Full of production sketches and more, it outlines the production of the show and the challenges faced by the creative team to keep it true to their vision.
[2] Box Office Mojo
Batman: The Animated Series
Various directors, writers, and creative teams over 110 episodes, including Paul Dini, Bruce Timm, and Eric Radomski, and Alan Burnett; based on the DC comics characters credited to Bob Kane (with respect to Bill Finger); featuring the voice work of Kevin Conroy, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Bob Hastings, and Mark Hamill.
10 out of 10
Batman: Mask of the Phantasm
Directed by Eric Radomski and Bruce Timm; screenplay by Alan Burnett, Paul Dini, Martin Pasko, and Michael Reaves based on the DC comics characters credited to Bob Kane (with respect to Bill Finger); featuring the voice work of Kevin Conroy, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Dana Delany, Stacy Keach, Abe Vigoda, and Mark Hamill.
9 out of 10
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Chicago Bulls. All opinions expressed by Sam Smith are solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of the Chicago Bulls or their Basketball Operations staff, parent company, partners, or sponsors. Their sources are not known to the Bulls and they have no special access to information beyond the access and privileges that go along with being an NBA accredited member of the media.
There are a lot of great stories in these NBA playoffs, which are as wide open to produce a champion since perhaps anytime in the late 1970s. Here comes Memphis and the Clippers and even Washington, and few are going to dismiss anyone.
There was the Boffo Buzzer Beater weekend with Derrick Rose, Paul Pierce and LeBron James as the Bulls are in Cleveland preparing for Game 5 and square at 2-2 in their conference semifinal series.
There's been the disappointing departures of the Raptors, Mavericks and Trailblazers and explosion of Anthony Davis and Blake Griffin.
But there really has been nothing to compare with the saga of Derrick Rose, which is almost taken for granted now just 15 games back since a return from their third knee surgery.
Rose is averaging 25 points, 6.5 assists and five rebounds while shooting 42 percent on threes against the Cavs. He's coming off back to back 30-point games while averaging 39 minutes for the series, scoring 14 fourth quarter points including the game winner in Game 3 and then seven fourth quarter points and the tying basket in the last seconds of Game 4 before James' winner. That's with Rose attacking the basket despite Cleveland pressuring and doubling. Shooting 17 free throws the last two games, which was almost half the team's total.
In the six-game round one win against the Milwaukee Bucks, Rose averaged 19 points and 6.5 assists. But they played 48 minutes in the pivotal Game 3 double overtime win with seven points in the second overtime. Rose averaged 36.5 minutes per game in that series.
This from the player who was not supposed to be tough, who supposedly didn't want to play or was saving themselves for other times, who endured even more abuse than LeBron James, and, ridiculously, in their own home town. This player who does so much rehabilitation and conditioning work in order to get back they bring their therapy machines to their post game media sessions, literally vibrating through answers to make sure he's ready and prepared to play for the next game.
Here's a player who basically went through a near death career experience with major ACL surgery, a year of rehabilitation, then a serious meniscus tear a month into their return, yet another return and then four months in yet another tear in the meniscus, albeit not as severe. But it still required surgery, and after six weeks Rose returned to play about 20 minutes per game in a limited role averaging 11 points and four assists.
And then the playoffs start, the brightest red light goes on and the intensity heightens with every opponent focusing on Rose, the Bucks basically double-teaming and trapping them on every play with young, quick, long armed defenders.
Yet, as the playoffs continue and the minutes and demands add up, Rose only gets better, making big plays down the stretch and in the fourth quarter, leading the Bulls in free throw attempts in the playoffs along with assists and averaging 21.4 points, which is 11th overall in the playoffs. Rose's backcourt teammate, Jimmy Butler, leads the team in scoring in the playoffs at 22.6 per game, seventh among all players.
They are just barely behind Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson in playoff scoring and can easily lay claim to being the top backcourt in the playoffs given Butler's two-way play on James. James is having perhaps their poorest shooting series in their career, 37.7 percent overall against the Bulls along with 11 percent on threes.
Yes, I heard all the talk about Cavs coach David Blatt and the last play not being for James. I doubt the way he's shooting I would have given them a jump shot, either. Maybe if they were going for a lob at the basket. But James is the second poorest overall shooter on their team in this series and worst on long shots. Why would anyone assume they should be shooting a jump shot? The Cavs would be the best shooting three-point team in this round if not for James.
Meanwhile, Rose, much maligned all season for shooting too many threes, is making 42.1 percent in this round, second on the team to Mike Dunleavy. In this series, Rose leads the Bulls in scoring, assists, free throw shooting and is third in rebounding.
The point, as often asked, is not if Rose “is back.” That's mostly irrelevant. No one should be compared only to their greatest and most shining moment to the point where if they don't achieve that it's regarded as a failure. What's truly remarkable is that after so much medical misery and second guessing and time away, Rose can return and play a vital role with a contending team and make big plays when needed.
There are many stories of returns from injuries, though rarely to a top level. Grant Hill came back and was an All-Star; so did Bernard King. But never quite doing what they did previously. Penny Hardaway really didn't get far back and neither did Tracy McGrady. Rose had injuries to rival or exceed them all. To see them return playing at this level with speed, with explosion, with daring is the amazing story of the playoffs.
And they won't get too caught up in it all; he's just returned to play.
“(It's) going to be a hard game,” Rose said after Game 4 about going to Cleveland. ”I think we should be ready for it. It's still a season; we're still learning. We're going to look at it and make sure we are prepared. It hurts now knowing we had a couple of chances. We learned in Game 2 when they came out and smacked us it's all about the start; rebounding is huge, too and making sure we run late.”
Just eyes straight ahead on the future; can't do anything about the past. It's a testament to a man's commitment and perseverance.
* * * * * *
There's the mundane, if you can call it that, of the Bulls tied with Cleveland 2-2 after the excruciating Game 4 loss on James' fabulous shot. It was business as usual for the Bulls Monday before heading for Cleveland, a brief film session. Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau said Pau Gasol remained day to day with their hamstring injury and was a game time decision. Though no one knows, since it's not a potential close out game it makes some sense to give Gasol another game off and then try to bring them back for a friendlier Game 6 in the United Center Thursday.
The Bulls got a good game from Joakim Noah back at center with Gasol out, Noah with eight points and 15 rebounds. But Thibodeau was forced to go small a few times without Gasol and the Bulls got hurt on the boards (the rebounding winner has won each game) with Taj Gibson at center. Still, Noah played more than 37 minutes, which is plenty to ask.
The Cavs have “hid” limited Kyrie Irving as much as possible on weak offensive players. So the Bulls have to try to exploit that and make them move and drive on him. Both they and Iman Shumpert have leg issues and James has a sprained ankle, which they said would not bother them for Game 5.
The Bulls will need more from Nikola Mirotic, who shot one of nine with three rebounds and three blocks in 18 minutes. They hustle, but often is out of position.
“We knew this was going to be tough, and last night we played without Pau so you saw how important they are for us,” Mirotic said Monday. “We know that if we do the right things we can beat them again. I think we need to be tougher offensively. We need to share the ball. I think last night we played good defensively, too. They are playing small, they are switching, so we need to take care of the ball. But I think the most important thing in these games is defense. We need to adjust some things on defense, especially me, because I didn't play a great game last night. I just didn't feel great shooting. My teammates found me, there were some open shots. But I need to refresh my mind. I need to today work on my shots, and tomorrow I need to just take the shots again because I know that I'm going to make it. It's about a short memory. I think we've shown this year we are a mentally tough team. We never give up. So right now we are 2-2 and we know how important this game will be. We need to give our best for this game.”
Noah is clearly more engaged and better defensively at center. But it was obvious the Bulls missed Gasol's scoring and especially shooting in two sustained scoring droughts, which proved fatal. Mike Dunleavy and Kirk Hinrich also made impressive help defense plays against James, doing the best with the stunting that has helped frustrate James with Butler's excellent defense.
“We had our opportunities,” noted Noah. “LeBron hit a great shot at the end of the game. We're right where we want to be and we're really excited about Game 5. You've just got to move on, can't let it linger. We have to be strong mentally. I think we've gone through a lot this year as a team and we're excited. Nothing has to be said right now. Everybody knows what time it is right now. Everybody's excited. We watched some film. We're going to make our adjustments and go from there.”
Thibodeau cleared up some points as they said Gasol has just done rehab and no practice. Thibodeau confirmed they did ask for the replay at the end of Game 4 before James' shot. But given James said he'd called the play with their teammates the extra timeout question discussed seemed moot.
“It's what technology is doing to the league,” said Thibodeau. “The league itself is trying to figure it out as we go. The intent is very good. It's to get it right. And then you're trying to figure out, is there an advantage to be gained? Maybe in those situations, particularly when a team doesn't have a timeout, you don't let them go to the bench. This is the first time around with it, so we're figuring it out. I don't like it in that sense. Obviously, it affected us in a negative way. But for the most part, the technology has been good. I wanted to see if the ball did go out [off us]. It's a hard play to read because when it bounces it could go in bounds. Until it hits something, there could be no time.”
Thibodeau said they liked Mirotic's shots and that while Noah is having difficulties on offense their rebounding is good and their effect is positive. Thibodeau did emphasize the team needs to push the ball more on offense, especially late in the game
Thibodeau said they noticed the Blatt timeout signal.
“I saw him,” said Thibodeau. “But it's hard for the officials, too. They're following the play. Sometimes you could be screaming at them. They could be right in front of you; they don't hear you. So you have to jump right in front of them sometimes to get the call.
Asked if they tried to point it out, Thibodeau said: “At that point, nah.
“There's not much you can say other than, that game is gone,” said Thibodeau. “Hopefully, you establish that habit throughout the course of the season. You learn from the game, analyze the things you could have done better, and get ready for the next one. There's going to be ups and downs in a series, you're going to be tested in every way imaginable and you have to be able to handle the ups, the downs, get through it. We've got to walk through the fire together. We've got to have a resolve and a toughness that we can respond to anything. We took a tough punch, we delivered one the game before. We took one, we've got to get ready to deliver one again. When the ball goes up be ready to roll.”
African countries need to increase their focus on agriculture investment and lessen emphasis on oil and mining to improve food security for their citizens, a United Nations agency said.
Most African governments have focused on growth in extractive industries such as oil and mining, resulting in some neglect of agriculture, said Kanayo Nwanze, the president of the United Nations' International Fund for Agricultural Development, based in Rome. That's heightened food insecurity and crippled opportunities for the majority of the continent's population that lives in rural areas, they said in a telephone interview from London.
"Oil hasn't fed people," Nwanze said. "It has enriched the pockets of a few people and the majority have become poorer. A vibrant agricultural sector not only feeds your population, it creates jobs, it generates wealth and it will keep people on their land."
Countries such as Nigeria, the continent's most-populous nation, Angola and Zambia rely on exports of commodities such as oil, natural gas and copper for revenue. Their vulnerability to price swings was laid bare last year as commodity prices collapsed, leading some nations to seek help from the International Monetary Fund. Agriculture comprised about 17 percent of sub-Saharan Africa's gross domestic product in 2015, while industry, which includes mining and manufacturing, accounted for about 25 percent, World Bank data show.
Minimum Allocations
While each nation is different, “there is no doubt that African countries in general are not providing the minimum allocation of resources as agreed in the Maputo Declaration of 2003," Nwanze said. The agreement, signed by most African states, obliges countries to allocate 10 percent of their budget to agriculture development. There are probably eight countries that have done it consistently, according to Nwanze.
“Africa's development is not going to be sustained or maintained by the extractive industries or non-farm sector,” Nwanze said last week. “The rural agriculture communities are the backbone of development.”
There are signs of change. Nigeria, which relies on oil for two-thirds of state revenue and 90 percent of foreign-currency earnings, is turning to farming as dwindling oil income has driven the economy to the brink of its first full-year contraction in 25 years and more people go hungry. The government plans to capitalize the state-owned Bank of Agriculture Ltd. with 1 trillion naira ($3.2 billion) so it can lend to farming projects at less than half the commercial rate.
About 45 percent of IFAD's investments in loans and grants go to sub-Saharan Africa, which has 25 percent of the world's arable land, but generates only 10 percent of its agricultural output, according to IFAD. The organization's investment on the continent more than doubled to $2.7 billion in 2015 from 2009.
Nwanze was in London last week to give a speech at All-Party Parliamentary Group on Agriculture and Food for Development in the U.K.'s House of Lords. Seventy-five percent of the world's poorest people live in rural areas and depend on agriculture and related activities.
Many southern and eastern African nations' harvests have been hurt by an El Nino-induced drought. This includes output from South Africa, which is the continent's biggest producer of corn and whose white variety is used to make a staple porridge eaten throughout the region.
Is curiosity what saved the humans?
Photo by Jupiterimages/Comstock/Getty Images/Thinkstock
There's a misconception among a lot of us Homo sapiens that we and our direct ancestors are the only humans ever to have walked the planet. It turns out that the emergence of our kind isn't nearly that simple. The whole story of human evolution is messy, and the more we look into the matter, the messier it becomes.
Paleoanthropologists have discovered as many as 27 different human species (the experts tend to debate where to draw the line between groups). These hominids diverged after our lineage split from a common ancestor we shared with chimpanzees 7 million years ago, give or take a few hundred millennia.
Many of these species crossed paths, competed, and mated. Populations ebbed and flowed in tight little tribes, at first on the expanding savannahs of Africa, later throughout Europe, Asia, and all the way to Indonesia. Just 100,000 years ago, there were several human species sharing the planet, possibly more: Neanderthals in Europe and West Asia, the mysterious Denisovan people of Siberia, the recently discovered Red Deer Cave people living in southern China, Homo floresiensis (the Hobbits of Indonesia), and other yet unknown descendants of Homo erectus who left indications that they were around (the DNA of specialized body lice, to be specific). And, of course, there was our kind, Homo sapiens sapiens (the wise, wise ones), still living in Africa, not yet having departed the mother continent. At most, each species consisted of a few tens of thousands of people hanging on by their battered fingernails. Somehow, out of all of these struggles, our particular brand of human emerged as the sole survivor and then went on, rather rapidly, to materially rearrange the world.
If there once were so many other human species wandering the planet, why are we alone still standing? After all, couldn't another version or two have survived and coexisted with us on a world as large as ours? Lions and tigers coexist; so do jaguars and cheetahs. Gorillas, orangutans, bonobos, and chimpanzees do as well (though barely). Two kinds of elephants and multiple versions of dolphins, sharks, bears, birds, and beetles—countless beetles—inhabit the planet. Yet only one kind of human? Why?
More than once, one variety may have done in another either by murdering its rivals outright or outcompeting them for limited resources. But the answer isn't as simple or dramatic as a war of extermination with one species turning on the other in some prehistoric version of Planet of the Apes. The reason we are still here to ruminate on why we are still here is because, of all those other human species, only we evolved a long childhood.
Over the course of the past 1.5 million years, the forces of evolution inserted an extra six years between infancy and pre-adolescence—a childhood—into the life of our species. And that changed everything.
Why should adding a childhood help us escape extinction's pitiless scythe? Looked at logically, it shouldn't. All it would seem to do is lengthen the time between birth and mating, which would slow down the clamoring business of the species' own continuance. But there was one game-changing side effect of a long childhood. Those six years of life between ages 1 and 7 are the time when we lay the groundwork for the people we grow up to become. Without childhood you and I would never have the opportunity to step away from the dictates of our genes and develop the talents, quirks, and foibles that make us all the devastatingly charming, adaptable, and distinctive individuals we are.
Childhood came into existence as the result of a peculiar evolutionary phenomenon known generally as neoteny. The term comes from two Greek words, neos meaning “new” (in the sense of “juvenile”) and teinein meaning to “extend,” and it means the retention of youthful traits. In the case of humans, it meant that our ancestors passed along to us a way to stretch youth farther into life.
More than a million years ago, our direct ancestors found themselves in a real evolutionary pickle. One the one hand, their brains were growing larger than those of their rain forest cousins, and on the other, they had taken to walking upright because they spent most of their time in Africa's expanding savannas. Both features would seem to have substantially increased the likelihood of their survival, and they did, except for one problem: Standing upright favors the evolution of narrow hips and therefore narrows the birth canal. And that made bringing larger-headed infants to full term before birth increasingly difficult.
If we were born as physically mature as, say, an infant gorilla, our mothers would be forced to carry us for 20 months! But if they did carry us that long, our larger heads wouldn't make it through the birth canal. We would be, literally, unbearable. The solution: Our forerunners, as their brains expanded, began to arrive in the world sooner, essentially as fetuses, far less developed than other newborn primates, and considerably more helpless.
The idea of neoteny predates even Darwin's On the Origin of the Species. It was noted as far back as 1836, when French naturalist Etienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, a compatriot of Napoleon, first pointed out how young orangutans that had recently arrived from Asia at the Paris Zoo resembled “the childlike and gracious features of man.”
In the 20th century, a handful of other scientists and evolutionary thinkers observed that infant apes bore a striking resemblance to adult humans, especially when it came to the shapes of their faces and heads. Naturally this raised a few questions: Was this simply a coincidence? Why would we resemble baby apes? And did this have anything to do with our own evolution?
Louis Bolk, a professor of anatomy in Amsterdam, became somewhat obsessed with those questions. Between 1915 and 1929, they penned six detailed scientific papers and one pamphlet on the subject. In them, they argued that a surprisingly high number of human physical traits “have all one feature in common, they are fetal conditions [seen in apes] that have become permanent.”
Bolk enumerated 25 specific fetal or juvenile features that disappear entirely in apes as they grow to adulthood but persist in humans. Flatter faces and high foreheads, for example, and a lack of body hair. The shape of our ears, the absence of large brow ridges over our eyes, a skull that sits facing forward on our necks, a straight rather than thumblike big toe, and the large size of our heads compared with the rest of our bodies. You can find every one of these traits in fetal, infant, or toddling apes, and modern human adults.
In the nasty and brutish prehistoric world our ancestors inhabited, arriving prematurely could have been a very bad thing. But to see the advantages of being born helpless and fetal, all you have to do is watch a 2-year-old. Human children are the most voracious learners planet Earth has ever seen, and they are that way because their brains are still rapidly developing after birth. Neoteny, and the childhood it spawned, not only extended the time during which we grow up but ensured that we spent it developing not inside the safety of the womb but outside in the wide, convoluted, and unpredictable world.
The same neuronal networks that in other animals are largely set before or shortly after birth remain open and flexible in us. Other primates also exhibit “sensitive periods” for learning as their brains develop, but they pass quickly, and their brain circuitry is mostly established by their first birthday, leaving them far less touched by the experiences of their youth.
Based on the current fossil evidence, this was true to a lesser extent of the 26 other savanna apes and humans. Homo habilis, H. ergaster, H. erectus, even H. heidelbergensis (which is likely the common ancestor of Neanderthals, Denisovans, and us), all had prolonged childhoods compared with chimpanzees and gorillas, but none as long as ours. In fact, Harvard paleoanthropologist Tanya Smith and their colleagues have found that Neanderthals reversed the trend. By the time they met their end around 30,000 years ago, they were reaching childbearing age at about the age of 11 or 12, which is three to five years earlier than their Homo sapiens cousins. Was this in response to evolutionary pressure to accelerate childbearing to replenish the dwindling species? Maybe. But in the bargain, they traded away the flexibility that childhood delivers, and that may have ultimately led to their demise.
We are different. During those six critical years, our brains furiously wire and rewire themselves, capturing experience, encoding and applying it to the needs of our particular life. Our extended childhood essentially enables our brains to better match our experience and environment. It is the foundation of the thing we call our personalities, the attributes that make you you and me me. Without it, you would be far more similar to everyone else, far less quirky and creative and less, well … you. Our childhood also helps explain how chimpanzees, remarkable as they are, can have 99 percent of our DNA but nothing like the same level of diversity, complexity, or inventiveness.
Our long childhood has allowed us to collectively engage in ever broadening conversations as we keep finding new ways to communicate; we jabber and bristle with invention and pool together waves of fresh ideas, good and bad, into that elaborate, rambling edifice we call human civilization. Without all of this variety, all of these interlocked notions and accomplishments, the world, for better or worse, would not be as it is, brimming with this species of self-aware conflicted apes, ingenious enough to rocket rovers off to Mars and construct the Internet, wage wars on international scales, invent both WMDs and symphonies. If not for our long childhoods, we would not be here at all, the last apes standing. Can we remain standing? Possibly. I'm counting on the child in us, the part that loves to meander and play, go down blind alleys, wonder why and fancy the impossible.
NEW ORLEANS — On the first day of testimony in the BP Gulf of Mexico oil spill trial, BP's top executive for North American operations at the time of the disaster acknowledged on Tuesday that a well explosion had been identified as a risk before it happened.
“There was a risk identified for a blowout,” said Lamar McKay, the former president of BP America and current chief executive in charge of global upstream operations. “The blowout was an identified risk, and it was a big risk, yes.”
Robert Cunningham, a lawyer for private plaintiffs, tried to pin down Mr. McKay on BP's responsibility for the 2010 disaster that killed 11 workers and dumped millions of barrels of oil into the gulf. Mr. Cunningham suggested that the British company's cost-cutting and risk-taking culture were at the heart of the explosion and spill. They pressed Mr. McKay on the fact that a BP report on the accident held contractors responsible, but did not cite management failures.
Mr. McKay repeatedly responded that BP was responsible for designing the well, but that the rig, cement and other contractors shared responsibility for safety on the drilling operations.
Credit: DC Comics
The Trinity War has begun. Three Justice Leagues enter, but will even one emerge? That's what we're finding out in the first major Justice League crossover of the New 52, which leads directly into the first line-wide crossover, Forever Evil and Villains Month.
Find out what's coming next in Trinity War from the creators behind the epic as we cover the latest DC Comics panel from Comic-Con International: San Diego live. Be sure to refresh fo the latest news!
Official Description: Trinity War rocks the DC Universe to its core in the comic book event of the summer! Get an inside look at the War of the Justice Leagues on a panel featuring the crossover's all-star creators Ray Fawkes (Justice League Dark, Trinity of Sin: Pandora), Geoff Johns (Aquaman, Justice League, Justice League of America), Matt Kindt (Justice League of America), Jeff Lemire (Green Arrow, Justice League Dark), and DC Comics's senior editor Brian Cunningham.
John Cunningham moderated the panel, and welcomed fans to the Trinity War panel. The first panelist brought out was Geoff Johns, today rocking a Joker hat. Jeff Lemire, their co-writer for the crossover, and Ray Fawkes also joined the panel, along with editor Brian Cunningham.
The Trinity War video was shown to bring in the uninitiated once more. After, John C asked Johns what they thought about, if the heroes lose, why they keep going, and Johns said "Because they always keep going."
SPOILERS for the first two parts. Johns "During the first issue, Superman confronts Dr. Light and kills him. The mystery - was it magic, was it science, what happened? Who killed Dr. Light? Who used Superman? Is what we explore."
Meanwhile, the new series Trinity of Sin: Pandora just launched and ties to the crossover. Fawkes says that getting to write Pandora's "unique perspective to the New 52" is a thrill. "She's a wild card in this conflict. They think they have figured out a way to get rid of all evil in the world, to just pull a plug and wipe it away."
Constantine will see the wizard facing off with Billy Batson and trying to steal the power of Shazam, and Fawkes said that they are at least partially successful. "There's no dirty tactic that John won't stoop to. If they need to take the power from a hero, from a thirteen year-old boy, he'll do it."
Teasing Forever Evil, Geoff Johns says that "not all the villains will agree" how to run the world after wiping the heroes off the world. They teased that there's a "Black Adam and Sinestro bromance," because they both agree on how the powerful should rule the weak to prevent chaos.
The tie-in series to Forever Evil, like Arkham War, A.R.G.U.S., and Rogues Rebellion all have very specific parts in to play in the story. The Rogues series, especially, features them fighting back against the villains who would rule the world.
Looking back at the first issue of Trinity War, Justice League #22, Lemire says that the whole story is really about corruption, and how people fight it internally and externally. The moment where "Superman touched Pandora's Box," is a "seminal moment in the New 52." Wonder Woman thinks that's the reason Superman accidentally killed Dr. Light, while Batman thinks it's the scientific reason, that Light absorbed Superman's solar energy, pulling their heat vision out. The looks between science and magic are a major focus of the series as well.
Lemire and Johns, moving into Justice League of America #6, said that they had to cut down the number of characters appearing. An interesting tidbit though, that Swamp Thing and - making their "main Earth" first appearance in the New 52 - Dr. Fate will guest star briefly.
Johns says that Vibe will have a few key moments. They also say that Superman's response to the events from the first issue is important to how the teams can eventually come together.
Justice League Dark #22 is out next week, and sees the magic-oriented characters join the fray properly. Lemire echoed their idea of each team: JL is World's Greatest Heroes, JLA is World's Most Dangerous, JLD is World's Freakiest. they said that having to hold Zatanna back and keep their power level low has been a challenge, and he's really excited that they get to unleash in this crossover. Constantine and Zatanna's interactions with Wonder Woman are especially fun, says Lemire. "She grabs Constantine, and they says 'Uh, Frank, can you help me out?' And Frankenstein says, 'Um, no. it's Wonder Woman!'"
Johns said that Constantine's role grew because they are so corrupt. Lemire joked, "His superpower is that he's already so corrupted, so they can't be any more." Fawkes asked if he's "the world's worst good guy or the world's best bad guy?"
Zatanna and John's tension will also "come to a head" in this story, promises Lemire.
"By the end of Trinity War, every thread we've set up in the Justice League titles will be tied up so we can go into Forever Evil. The Suicide Squad, Teen Titans, and others will be massively affected, too," promised Johns.
Fan Q&A followed up!
A question about the third Trinity of Sin member, The Question, came up. Johns caught fans up first "The trinity of sin, Question, Phantom Stranger, and Pandora were all punished for some sin. Question doesn't know who they are, and questions just pop into their head - they explore them, and it usually makes them help someone out. They have a huge question come into their head, which they think may be their salvation." The Question and Superman will also team-up in Trinity War.
Deathstroke "will be in Forever Evil, and will be in Argus, as well as Pandora," so he's coming up all over the DC Universe here.
Nightwing's role and fate in the upcoming Forever Evil? Lemire deadpanned, "Before or after they die? Wally West becomes the new Nightwing after..." Johns said, "That's not gonna happen. Have faith and keep reading."
Firestorm making an appearance? "Yeah, Firestorm has a pretty big role in Trinity War, because they can make Kryptonite. He'll be around." Lemire said there are plans for a lot of the characters whose individual books have been cancelled, all across the DCU.
Will Pandora's role in the rebooting of the universe come up in Trinity War? Fawkes says, "It will come up and be addressed directly after Trinity War. Someone even directly says to them that people believe she's responsible for the creation of the universe, and that will come up again right after the crossover."
Any plans for Booster Gold? Johns, "We love Booster, but he's not in Trinity War. There is something in Forever Evil #1 that connects to them though."
Any Joker involvement in Forever Evil? "He is mentioned in the first issue, and you'll find out what is going on with them after that," promised Johns.
A fan wanted to know about Johns' mention of Dr. Fate, and they deflected to editor Brian Cunningham. Brian said, "You'll find out more about that if you pick up Justice League Dark #23 on sale in August." Lemire said, "Yeah, he's in there!" Back to Brian, they said, "The artwork in the spread where they appear is awesome." As for whether it's the same one who has appeared on Earth 2, they won't say either way.
A kid who wanted to know if the "DC One Million" world could ever return was told to check out Justice League 3000 for a cool look at future versions of characters. Johns, after listening to their suggestions, said they might do the series now.
Are the normal New 52 series affected by the Forever Evil crossover? "All the Justice League titles, JL, JLA, JLD, Suicide Squad, Teen Titans are all directly affected by it. Everything else takes place directly before Forever Evil until it ends, then they'll skip to the endpoint," says Johns in a straightforward answer.
What crossovers do you look to for inspiration? Johns and Lemire agree Identity Crisis is their number one inspiration - a big world-shattering event but with a mystery at the heart of it.
There are "huge plans" for Martian Manhunter that Jeff Lemire will be writing in 2014.
Simon Baz is the only Green Lantern involved in the crossover, but there's one fun point Johns teased. "He's trying to do something, and struggling, and Flash says "Hal could do it."" Johns also confirmed that Hal Jordan will be back in Justice League in 2014.
While no other colored lanterns will appear in Trinity War, Lemire has plans for a non-green one in "one of the Justice League books" soon after.
The Demon will appear in JLD #23 (the same issue as Dr. Fate).
Johns promises major repercussions for every character in the DCU thanks to the combination of Trinity War and Forever Evil. Johns and Lemire plan to be on the Justice League books at least into 2015, and have started planning the next two years worth of stories already.
That's all from the Trinity War panel!
Photo: NASA, Public domain
Nitrate pollution around the costs of Japan and Korea could change the makeup of local marine life, both for plants and animals, according to scientists in both the U.S. and Korea. "This is the first evidence of increases in nitrate in ocean waters not in an enclosed estuary like the Chesapeake Bay," said Raymond G. Najjar, professor of oceanography, Penn State. "These are large, very deep bodies of water and it is surprising to see increased nitrate in these large seas."
"Normally in a marine environment nitrate is the limiting factor, but increased nitrate in the ocean can spur growth and create a situation where phosphorus becomes the nutrient in short supply," says Raymond G. Najjar, professor of oceanography, Penn State. "This change in nutrients could favor organisms that are better suited for high nitrate and low phosphorus." [...] The researchers suggest that their results have broader applicability. "The observed trends may be extrapolated to the coastal seas of the North American Atlantic Ocean and the North, Baltic and Mediterranean Seas, which have received ever-increasing amounts of anthropogenic atmospheric nitrate deposition and river-borne nitrate, comparable to those absorbed by coastal and marginal seas of the northwestern Pacific Ocean."
Nitrate is a naturally occurring chemical that is left after the breakdown or decomposition of animal or human waste, and when present in large enough quantities it can be toxic to marine life. But even in lower concentrations, it can change the local environment enough to negatively affect ecosystems that have evolved with different nutrient concentrations.
See also: Protecting 4% of the Oceans at 9 Locations Could Save Most Marine Mammals Species
Via Science Daily
More on Environmental Protection
Horrors at Chinese Tiger Farm, Reports Undercover US Diplomat
Bangladesh Creates 300-Strong Special Task Force to Protect Endangered Bengal Tiger
India Says Wild Tiger Population Up by 15%, But Some Doubt the Accuracy of that Number
Fewer than 50 Wild Tigers Left in China, Says Wildlife Conservation Society
Mass Grave Containing Rare Animals (Tigers, Lions, Leopards, etc) Discovered at Chinese Zoo
The adaptation of the cult comic had spent years in development as a movie but is now set up at Relativity Television.
Hack/Slash, the long-in-the works adaptation of the cult horror comic, has taken a twisty turn: It is now being developed as a television series.
The project is set up at Relativity Television, which has been spun off from Relativity Media with a new ownership umbrella that includes Anchorage Capital, Falcon Investments and Luxor Capital. Tom Forman remains the CEO.
Skip Woods, the action-loving scribe whose credits range from Swordfish to A Good Day to Die Hard to the Hitman movies, is writing the script.
Woods will also exec produce with Adrian Askarieh, who first optioned the comic back in 2005, and Ray Ricord.
Daniel Alter and Geoffrey Yim are co-exec producers.
Created by Tim Seeley and Stefano Caselli, Hack/Slash centers on Cassie Hack, a woman who symbolizes the cliche of the lone girl who survives at the end of every horror movie. However, the emotionally damaged girl not only survived but has become a killer of killers. Along with a burly protector named Vlad, Hack travels across the country hunting slashers in the vein of Halloween's Michael Myers, Friday the 13th's Jason Voorhees and A Nightmare on Elm Street's Freddy Krueger.
When it was set up as a feature, it had directors such as Marcus Nispel, Fredrik Bond and Todd Lincoln attached, with Justin Marks and Stephen Susco among the writers.
The producers are now out to directors with the goal to make it a dark and gritty show in The Walking Dead mold.
With up to $150,000 in damages available to plaintiffs in copyright infringement cases involving just a single movie, being a defendant can be a scary prospect. However, a judge in the United States has just thrown a small but significant lifeline to a number of assumed pirates, by granting them access to a panel of lawyers free of charge.
As the phenomenon of chasing down alleged movie pirates continues around the world, so-called copyright trolls are continually honing their techniques in order to pin down individuals to force settlement.
While those accused rarely get off lightly in any jurisdiction, in the United States the situation is particularly grim.
Companies that pursue pirates have the luxury of huge statutory damages at their disposal, meaning that a failed defense of a willful infringement claim could mean that a defendant is on the hook for up to $150,000 in damages.
While such large awards are rare, it does mean that companies are motivated to spend more time on a case than they would in other regions where statutory damages do not exist. To that end, when faced with accusations from copyright holders, people who merely pay the Internet bill at a residence sometimes face deposition.
In these cases a deposition is a pre-trial hearing during which a witness answers questions under oath about the alleged offense. The idea is to find out what the witness knows but ultimately depositions allow plaintiffs to gain ammunition towards achieving their key aim – cash settlement.
At this stage the account holder might be the assumed (putative) defendant while remaining an unnamed ‘John Doe' as far as the lawsuit goes. All that could change after the deposition of course, which is why people are advised to obtain legal advice before taking part in one. Sadly, people's financial situations often dictate this is not possible.
However, an interesting find by the troll-watchers at FightCopyrightTrolls reveals that putative defendants in Oregon won't have to walk blindly into a potentially damaging deposition.
In response to a wave of lawsuits filed by notorious troll lawyer Carl Crowell, Chief Judge Michael Mosman has decided that targets of settlement demands should have legal assistance, whether they can afford it or not. A recently drafted standing order details their offer.
“Plaintiffs have subpoenaed the Internet Service Provider (‘ISP') to obtain the identity of the party assigned the ISP account associated with the infringing activity, commonly called the subscriber. The subscriber may or may not be the same as the alleged infringer,” Judge Mosman writes.
“In order to find out whether the subscriber is an innocent third party and, if so, the identity of the alleged infringer, plaintiffs request the Court to enter Orders allowing them to take certain action, such as issuing a subpoena to the subscriber for a deposition.”
The Judge notes that if Internet subscribers fail to respond, plaintiffs could ask the Court for a default judgment. It is therefore advisable for subscribers to receive legal advice. To that end, subscribers will now get that support regardless of whether they can afford it or not.
“The Court has established a panel of lawyers who are willing to provide assistance and advice to subscribers in these lawsuits at no charge for up to 3 hours,” Judge Mosman writes.
The offer of support before deposition will be welcomed by subscribers while a case management order issued alongside should ensure that lawyers like Crowell are kept in line. The order mandates that multiple does can't be filed in a single case and, crucially, subscribers must be informed of the free legal advice being made available.
“The ISP subpoena must include a copy of [the standing order] from the Court regarding the availability of pro bono counsel with any communications to the subscriber/account holder,” the draft order reads.
The prospect of a deposition will be a scary one for Internet subscribers so the fact they have this support should certainly lighten the load, especially for those who simply pay the bill and have played no part in any infringement.
Update: Please note these are draft orders and not yet fully official.
NEW DELHI: The Constitutional amendment Bill that seeks to scrap the collegium system of appointing judges to higher judiciary has received Presidential nod.The National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) bill passed by Parliament in August this year has received President's assent, official sources said.The new law facilitates the setting up of a commission for appointment of judges, replacing the 20-year-old collegium system, which has been under severe criticism.It paves the way for the setting up of NJAC, which will appoint and transfer judges to the Supreme Courts and the 24 high courts.The bill, 124th amendment to the Constitution, grants Constitutional status to the NJAC and its composition which will be headed by the Chief Justice of India.As many as 16 of the 29 states have ratified the bill. Any Constitutional amendment bill requires ratification by at least 50% of the state legislatures.Besides the CJI, the judiciary would be represented by two senior judges of the Supreme Court. Two eminent personalities and the Law Minister will be the other members of the body.
Glenn Greenwald, the American journalist who aided in publishing reports that allege Canada spied on Brazil's Energy and Mines Ministry, testified in front of a Senate committee in that country on Wednesday.
The columnist with the Guardian newspaper was asked by the congressional committee about what role Canada played in obtaining information.
"They wanted to know specifically what information Canada collected about the ministry, what the objective of the spying was specifically, what exactly the methods that were used to collect this information and evade the system," Greenwald told the CBC's Susan Ormiston after testifying.
Former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden is the source of Greenwald's information, and the journalist told CBC News earlier this week that they have "a lot more" to report on Canada's alleged spying.
Brazil's politicians have expressed frustration at Canada's response to the allegations, and the senator leading an investigation into the matter pressured officials to explain.
"It's Canada's turn to come to Brazil to explain exactly what it's done against our country and what kind of espionage," Senator Vanessa Graziotin said. "And if it hasn't done anything, then tell us clearly that nothing has happened."
Click above for Susan Ormiston's report from Brazil.
It's easy to imagine, if you've never been, that Disney World is just for kids. Up until about a month ago, I thought the same thing, and then my wife dragged me there for the most fun I've had in quite a while. As soon as you walk into the parks, you become a 10-year-old again—excited to see Mickey Mouse and Goofy, standing in line to see the exceptionally dated Captain EO and wondering if you would look creepy as a 30-something male waiting in line to meet Belle. And then, once that magic has worn off, you get to experience the magic of being an adult at Disney—namely, drinking your face off.
There are many places to drink at Disney, and it would have been easy to fall back on all 11 countries in the World Showcase at Epcot (and we'll get to that). But first, we'll pick a few from the inevitable drinking around the world trip and move on to find places to drink elsewhere, just in case you don't have time to get blotto at every park.
Click "Next" to drink your way through each of the parks.
Photo via Flickr User Richard Stephenson
Tags: Beer
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
President-Elect Donald Trump's first news conference since the November election vividly displayed how they have turned the media world upside down. Their unprecedented campaign and transition points to an administration committed to solidifying a media revolution that began decades ago.
The media, especially the 95 percent within the media who are liberals, are in free fall in audience and credibility. A recent Associated Press survey reported that 96 percent of Americans no longer trust the “mainstream media.” The media elite are still in denial that their world of unaccountable privilege and bias has vanished.
How the media elite respond will determine whether anyone listens to them ever again. The latest Buzzfeed/CNN promotion of false Trump trash is further evidence that the elite are on a different planet from the real world.
The American news media was “middle of the road” and patriotic until the mid-1960s. At that time the older generation of media moguls retired or died, ushering in activist liberals. Media liberalism became radical with the Vietnam War and Watergate.
Accuracy in Media (AIM) was founded in 1969 by Reed Irvine to expose this new liberal media bias. AIM's documentation remained within conservative circles until Vice President Spiro Agnew used its research in boldly partisan speeches during the 1970 elections.
Americans were also held captive by three broadcast networks and Public Broadcasting until CSPAN cable television entered the scene in 1979. Conservative Members in the House of Representatives used CSPAN to conduct guerrilla theater. Using large photos, graphs and models of Soviet airplanes, House conservatives began to directly educate the public about big government and the Soviet threat. It was the first breech of the liberal media filters.
In April 1980, two senior news editors, Arnaud De BorchgraveandRobert Moss, published The Spike, a novel exposing communist influence within the American media. As importantly, they exposed how liberal media moguls pervert reality as much by what they don't cover as what they do – “spiking” stories.
The real media revolution really began in 1987 when the Federal Communication Commission (FCC) eliminated the “Fairness Doctrine.” For the first time since 1949, radio stations could feature editorial content in their normal programming. On August 1, 1988, Rush Limbaugh launched their radio show. Now all Americans finally had access to non-liberal perspectives.
The liberal media fought back. Talk radio hosts and news reporters were denied press credentials to cover Congress until the Republicans took over the House in January 1995. Even though credentialed, talk radio was still shunned. The liberal media elite branded it unprofessional and said it trafficked in conspiracy theories.
Starting in May 1995 with Netscape, the Internet devastated the liberal media citadels. Website news began to supplant broadcast and print media. Social media, along with internet access on mobile devices in 2004, ignited an historic information revolution.
Conservative voices were unleashed by these upheavals. Liberal media elites could no longer “spike” stories or present their bias unchallenged. Even their own audience favored getting their news from social media and shows on Comedy Central. The media establishment sped its own demise by succumbing to fake news from its reporters like Jayson Blair and Dan Rather, and trafficking in false news like “hands-up don't shoot' and “a video caused the Benghazi attack.”
All the elements of a liberal media cataclysm were in place. Trump's blunt talk and their supporters' contempt for the media brought the status quo crashing down.
Nore than any other politician today, Trump understands that they can render the media irrelevant. Pew Research and other studies show that 62 percent of Americans now get all or part of their news from social media. Facebook posts 510,000 comments and 136,000 photos per minute. Nearly 2.5 million emails are sent every second. Fifty percent of Millennials check out Facebook when they first wake up.
Trump does not need to have their message filtered and interpreted by Democrat operatives posing as journalists. Chris Matthews and George Stephanopoulos were Democrat flacks long before they took on the trapping of journalists. Dozens of reporters and “on-air talent” are married to Obama Administration officials. Trump's response is to go over and around them.
Even President-Elect Trump currently has over 50 million Facebook and Twitter followers. Millions of Trump supporters repost or retweet their quotes on countless social media pages. Some 128 million Americans posted or liked Trump content on Facebook during the campaign. No one has ever been so pervasive in communicating and mobilizing.
Mr. Trump is the master of this new media reality. They understand that 140 characters on Twitter or a pithy comment or compelling image on Facebook shapes the media cycle. This is all before they become President, with all its additional resources and reach.
Liberal media in the Trump era is fast becoming as credible and relevant as horoscopes.
We kick off the year narrowing down way too many good battles to a list of the month's best.
If you hadn't noticed, battle rap is crazy lately. Even with relatively few events, January was an unbelievably busy month for the culture with upcoming match-up announcements and battle releases, and the output from small leagues in particular has been incredible. Many smaller platforms have stepped up their presentation, and the heavy hitters haven't slowed down either.
We've already reported extensively on four of the biggest battles released in January, so watch those first if you haven't already:
Check out the additional 10 battles below for early-in-the-year fire from all corners of the scene.
Cortez & Math Hoffa vs. DNA & K-Shine
Who: Cortez (Brooklyn, N.Y.) & Math Hoffa (Brooklyn, N.Y.) vs. DNA (Queens, N.Y.) & K-Shine (Harlem, N.Y.)
Where: BullPen Battle League's "Cold War" in Atlanta, Ga.
When: Dec. 20, 2015
Who knew Cortez and Math would have some of the most natural chemistry ever displayed in a 2-on-2? The always-solid DNA and K-Shine gave them a tough fight, but after this showing NYB really have no choice but to team up again.
The number of battles NWX have taken since teaming up, in concert with the strength of many of those performances, is pretty astounding. There's been a tendency emerging for one of the rounds to lapse into freestyles as of late, but even that seems to work most of the time. They're also becoming known for props, and their donning of chef outfits here might make you roll your eyes at first, but give it a chance.
This is a fairly debatable battle, but you could also argue that NYB took it 3-0. The back-and-forth between Cor and Math feels genuine and exasperated in the exact way you'd want it to. Cor pretends to calm Math down frequently, Math clowns Cor more than once, but all their attacks are still aimed straight at NWX. Finally, their third round, which feels like a short film, is nothing short of phenomenal. Do not miss this.
For a totally different, hilariously raw approach to the 2-on-2 format, check out this impromptu freestyle battle from BMNY featuring Vicci & Jus Daze vs. Zeps & Doron.
Unanymous vs. Big T
Who: Unanymous (Plymouth, England) vs. Big T (Chicago, Ill.)
Where: Don't Flop's "7th Birthday Weekend" in London, England
When: Nov. 14, 2015
This is the sleeper hit from DF's 7BW. While Tony D and Chilla Jones were battling for pen supremacy and Caustic and Soul were settling longstanding tension, Unanymous and Big T quietly made a battle with a ton of replay value.
Big T's first round is the textbook definition of a room rocker. The way they can build energy and control the crowd is almost unparalleled, and it's on full display in Round 1. Sure, some of it doesn't have a whole lot to do with their opponent, but it still makes the powerful point that they can perform in ways that Unan probably can't. They cool off some in the last two rounds, but this is still a more than solid showing.
It's been a while in the making, but it seems like Unan has finally found their lane. Instead of being invariably hostile and, perhaps, overly aggressive with their style, he's relaxed a bit and started delivering more calm, calculated attacks. It's not as explosive as their older, borderline-horrorcore flow, but it's been winning them battles. It worked against Shuffle-T, and it arguably works again here. Consistency can be deadly, and all three of Unan's rounds, with content ranging from “you're fat” to much more serious material, are high quality.
Syahboy vs. Money Bagz
Who: Syahboy (Atlanta, Ga.) vs. Money Bagz (Queens, N.Y.)
Where: RBE's "Validation" in Bronx, N.Y.
When: Nov. 14, 2015
Put two of battle rap's most underrated against each other in a small room, particularly on RBE, and you're most likely going to end up with a classic. Syahboy is fairly consistent and has earned the bigger names he's gotten recently, but damn … the culture desperately needs more Money Bagz.
For close followers of battle rap, Bagz has been in high demand for years. There's never been a period where they constantly take battles, and he's never delivered anything close to resembling a poor performance. Here, they snap for three straight rounds with some of the best punchlines you've probably heard in a while. Even besides that, they have some jokes and stories that command the appreciation of everyone in the (admittedly small) room, including Syah.
Although arguably outdone in at least two rounds, Syah still delivers each round flawlessly, with no concern for the amount of reaction Bagz earns. When both emcees go this hard, you really can't be mad at how anyone calls it, even if their opinion contradicts the crowd.
For another, much more tense small room RBE battle, check out the very solid Jai vs. Showoff.
Bigg K vs. Math Hoffa
Who: Bigg K (Norfolk, Va.) vs. Math Hoffa (Brooklyn, N.Y.)
Where: GO-Rilla Warfare's "The Crown 2" in Markham, Ill.
When: Nov. 21, 2015
With just the right amount of tension between battlers and solid performances on either side, this battle would have been a bona fide classic with a more enthusiastic crowd. Sleepy as it was, it couldn't help but erupt for some of the bigger moments here. The bully comparisons are obvious, and astute fans were right to predict heat from both Bigg K and Math.
There's been a lot of pressure on Math for a long time, and in a way it's done them more good than harm. He's had some lousy performances, sure, but he's also clearly pushed themselves in many of their recent matches, including this one. From the jump, they have no trouble getting the relatively drowsy crowd to rock with them and arguably takes Round 1. They don't slack in the least for the remainder of the battle, and Round 2 is highly debatable, but one can see why so many people are rocking with K.
It's widely acknowledged that K is one of the most dangerous battle rappers, period, but he's a whole different beast when they choose to get personal. In short, their third round is deadly, and it might be the single best breakdown of Math's recent tribulations we've heard. This clash is still debatable at the end of the day, but K's third and Math's reaction to it can't be ignored.
Reepah Rell vs. Bangz
Who: Reepah Rell (Hempstead, N.Y.) vs. Bangz (New Haven, Conn.)
Where: URL PG Battle at We Go Hard's "Halloween Havoc 3" in Brooklyn, N.Y.
When: Oct. 25, 2015
Presented in black and white, featuring Reepah Rell's Halloween face paint and Bangz' natural panache, this PG battle has a crazy atmosphere. Although there's almost always some gas in these small rooms, this clash surprised a lot of people for good reason.
Bangz' name has been making the rounds lately, even outside of their home league of iBattle. He's a born showman and an unbelievable seller of absurd wordplay in every battle. This performance carries on that tradition in full force, with perhaps even more dramatic pauses and even more indulgent delivery, but it most definitely works. Unless you really just can't tolerate that style — and that sounds like a personal problem — the appeal can't be denied.
It means a lot to steal the show from Bangz in a small room, and that's what Reepah did. They have a deranged sort of cadence that works scarily well with their bars, and the demands for them to battle someone like Brizz Rawsteen are already popping up. It's hard to be different in battle rap today, but both these emcees are.
The Deadman vs. Jonny Storm
Who: The Deadman (Los Angeles, Calif.) vs. Jonny Storm (Orlando, Fla.)
Where: King Of The Dot's "Back To Baysics 3" one-off in San Jose, Calif.
When: Oct. 25, 2015
Both these dudes' styles were made for small rooms, and the vibe in this one is perfect. The Deadman has had some projection issues in bigger rooms in the past, but that's no issue in this battle shot at Dirtbag Dan's studio the day after "Back To Baysics."
Deadman is confident as hell this time around, and they hit Storm from all angles with perfect comedic timing. They have a haymaker for every topic, including Storm's wife MyVerse ("Let's just call them OurVerse"). This kind of relentlessness is tough to follow in a small room, but Jonny still does enough to debatably take a round.
It would have taken something pretty momentous from Storm to clearly outdo Deadman on this particular day, but don't sleep, they still have plenty of dope lines.
Chess vs. Dougy
Who: Chess (Bronx, N.Y.) vs. Dougy (Brooklyn, N.Y.)
Where: We Go Hard's "Midnight Bars 5" in Brooklyn, N.Y.
When: Dec. 20, 2015
This battle is extremely long, but it's worth it. Yes, the WeGoHard crowd loses its shit constantly, but you really can't blame them. We all know Chess is different, but it turns out that newcomer Dougy is also a huge threat. With the number of quotables at play here — and it's always more exciting to hear them from relative newcomers — 53 minutes will fly by.
For whatever reason, Chess really takes their time with this performance. Their off-kilter haymaker style is apt for this kind of setting, and they snap in usual fashion. It's hard to take anything away from Chess' rounds here, but there's no debating that Dougy did exactly what they needed to do.
Almost instantly, Dougy's name started buzzing after this battle's release. They clearly knew what they were in for battling someone like Chess, and their preparation is built into their punch-every-bar style. The punches land so ridiculously frequently, you'd swear at times there was more than one per bar. There's room for debate as to who took this one, but it's an overall W for Dougy regardless.
Danja Zone vs. DNA
Who: Danja Zone (Temple Hills, Md.) vs. DNA (Queens, N.Y.)
Where: Black Ice Cartel's "Format 2: One Off" in Queens, N.Y.
When: Jan. 10, 2016
In terms of taking it back to the essence, you can't do much better than a one-off at a barbershop in Queens. DNA and Danja Zone reconvened the day after Black Ice's "Format 2" (DNA had an emergency that forced them to postpone) and made yet another small room classic.
If you haven't noticed, DNA has settled into a new style that's gained them far more favor from fans than what critics previously called their “four bar setup” approach. You might catch on to the rhythm or cadence after a while, but there's no way you'll predict even half the punches thrown in. It's very entertaining, and they do more than enough to make the battle debatable.
Danja seems relatively incapable of taking a clear L, at least in a small room, and strictly speaking that's still true. Their freestyle ability, while rarely seen, is put to great use here and definitely doesn't hurt. You'd have a hard time majorly critiquing their bars, charisma, or delivery here, and they can continue their hot streak.
Coma vs. Chef Trez
Who: Coma (Washington, D.C.) vs. Chef Trez (Atlanta, Ga.)
Where: Don't Flop Atlanta's "First Anniversary" in Atlanta, Ga.
When: Nov. 28, 2015
Combine Don't Flop's notoriously great Atlanta crowds with the Spit Dat Heat collective's infectious, collar-stretching energy, then pit two hungry emcees with differing styles against each other on short notice, and you have a fire, debatable battle. Coma and Chef Trez go to work, and both seem to have a great time doing it.
Against Frak, Coma learned of the danger of being overly serious in the ring when the situation doesn't call for it, and they strike a much better balance here. He's still their angry, aggressive self, but they give Trez a ton of props and cracks jokes mid-round. “Hey could you lift my shirt up at some point too?” they ask after a big reaction, and Trez quickly obliges him. Hilarious. They have a couple (very) minor slips, but you still have to salute Coma on four days' prep.
As for Trez, it's becoming clear that he's a real talent. They don't give Coma an inch of breathing room in any round, and their ridiculously clean rebuttals make them that much more dangerous. Filling in for someone on short notice is always commendable, but Trez deserves an extra nod for the way they commit themselves to this style clash.
For some more small room DF heat, check out Olde English vs. Shox the Rebel. Shox' name is buzzing in the U.K. right now, and for good reason.
Reverse Live vs. Patron
Who: Reverse Live (Hollister, Calif.) vs. Patron (Olympia, Wash.)
Where: Counterproductive's "Battle Of The Zae 5" in San Jose, Calif.
When: Jan. 9, 2016
Reverse Live has a tendency to make these lists in slept-on classics, and Patron has been putting in work over the last year and a half or so on small leagues. Hailed as Battle Of The night at BOTZ5, hopefully this clash does its numbers, because Reverse and Patron absolutely earned it.
As always, you can count on Reverse for some of the best “beat you up” bars around, but their jokes have actually gotten funnier as well. He's also been perfecting a way to blend the two, and when the concoction hits, it hits hard. The only, and I mean only, thing that holds Reverse back is the occasional stumble, and there is one in this battle, but it's short and they play it off fairly well. This is an otherwise dominant performance, but not for any lack of fire from Patron.
Patron's delivery is top notch, especially for someone relatively new to the game. They have some wild punches throughout this battle, and their self-assuredness carries even some of the weaker ones. They definitely did enough to win a round, and any league on the rise would be wise to book him.
Then check out the BOTZ5 Royal Rumble (featuring Cadalack Ron's final performance before their death) and a photo recap from this event.
What was your favorite battle that dropped in January? Let us know in the comments below.
Since Russia began its airstrikes in Syria as of late September 2015, 28.000 fighters of the Islamic State and Jabhat al-Nusra have been killed, according to Evgeny Lukyanov, a senior Russian security official.
Prior to Moscow launching its anti-insurgency campaign, some 80,000 ISIS and al-Nusra fighters were present on the battlefields across Syria; this means a third of the jihadist fighting force has effectively been wiped out.
“This is [the result of] our actions together with the Syrian Arab Army” Evgeny Lukyanov said during a security summit in Russia's Chechen Republic earlier today.
As of 2016, the Russian Air Force has carried out 60 sorties daily on average while the U.S.-led coalition has pulled off just seven airstrikes on average in Syria, according to official statistics of both countries.
This was underlined by Lukyanov who noted: “Well, the U.S. coalition eliminated an additional 5,000 [ISIS militants] in two years”.
Both the U.S. and Russia are conducting airstrikes on Islamist insurgents in Syria; however, the U.S. has been unwiling to target Ahrar Ash-Sham and Jaish al-Islam, militias which the Kremlin regards as terrorists.
Prior to the Russian involvement in Syria last year, government troops had lost control of Idlib province and the ancient city of Palmyra; the latter city has since been recaptured.
Advertisements
Shomakyo
5 ★ Ranged Anima
Stats
Max/MLB Attack: 11400/13603
Max/MLB HP: 7800/9307
Skills
Exposer of Darkness (MAX): Deals 4754/5694 DMG to an enemy (ranged priority). Targets take 39/47% more DMG for a limited time.
Magic-Dispelling Mirror (lvl 84): Reflects 20% of DMG taken back to attacker.
Opinion
Debuffers! Debuffers galore! After a long drought, Mitama has released multiple debuffers in quick succession: Dojigiri [Serious], Fafnir, Hattori Hanzo, and now Shomakyo makes an appearance in the Jewel Summons.
I shall trot out my well used table, inserting Shomakyo where they belong, in order of percentage debuff.
Shomakyo has slightly lowed attack than Azi Dahaka, who is also acquirable via the Jewel Summons. They have more HP than Azi and the lower rarity demons like Amanojaku and Magic Mirror, but less compared to Titanium Elf and all the melee debuffers listed on the table. Their debuff percentage is mediocre, but their base skill damage is the highest among the daemons listed.
Reflect damage ability is also seen on Aegis and Yata Mirror. They reflected 10% of damage received. This was deemed to be poor, so Mitama has upped the size of the reflected damage to 20%. While this is more satisfactory – Shomakyo tanking a 9675 DMG nuke from the world boss would hit the enemy back for 1935, which is more than a single auto attack – it is not particularly reliable or consistent as a boost to damage output. Put simply, the effect of this ability, even at 20%, is less significant than other sorts of boosts (eg, skill DMG, DMG dealt, Crit rate, Crit DMG, even the elusive speed boost is more easily calculable).
Shomakyo's targeting is another aspect of their skill worth noting. They target ranged daemon as a priority, which means that in a stage where there is more than 1 ranged enemy, their targeting is random. They also will not target a melee boss until all the other ranged brutes are cleared. While this does not affect single target stages like the World Boss, their use in Conquest or Tower modes might be more limited. Skill order will need to be modified to ensure brute clearance ahead of debuff application, which tends to reduce damage output.
For debuffers, the debuff percentage is inevitably the priority – there is a reason why lower rarity daemons Amanojaku and Magic Mirror still hog the first 2 spots on the table. With Shomakyo's skill geared more towards providing a sizeable nuke than high debuff percentage, and their ability not being particularly synergistic, Shomakyo does not change the current meta much. Perhaps running a pair of Shomakyo as debuffers against the World Boss might be feasible (as opposed to a debuffer together with a nuker) – this is mainly with the aim of hitting the debuff cap in that mode. For modes with higher debuff caps like conquest (at 200%), the use of a higher percentage debuffer would always be preferred.
Tachibana Ginchiyo
4 ★ Melee Divina
Stats
Max/MLB Attack: 6000/7356
Max/MLB HP: 6800/8337
Skills
Princess Raijin (MAX): Deals 1068/1308 DMG to 3 enemies (melee priority), with a high chance of inflicting Paralysis.
Battle Princess (lvl 58): Deals sharply more DMG.
Opinion
Tachibana Ginchiyo is a simple 3 target damage dealers who inflicts Paralysis for crowd control. Them attack and HP are in line with their rarity and class. Them skill damage output is low, even with their sharp damage boost ability. Paralysis is not an ability that is widely available in the 4 ★ pool – only Mansemat and Raiju provide paralysis.
The table provides a comparison between Tachibana Ginchiyo, Titania (available from storyline completion and Boss Arise dungeons), Roman Candell (top tier 3 target hitter, especially on the last wave), and Tesso (widely considered mochi fodder). Tachibana is clearly leagues behind Roman Candell and Titania. Them skill damage output is even lower than Tesso, but they provide Paralysis instead. Paralysis, however, isn't such a good crowd control that it is worth sacrificing that much damage output for.
Nex Rating: Junk
Agaliarept
4 ★ Ranged Phantasma
Stats
Max/MLB Attack: 8000/9808
Max/MLB HP: 5850/7172
Skills
Mask of Many Mysteries (MAX): Deals 2050/2510 DMG to 2 enemies (ranged priority). Targets deal 31/38% less DMG for a limited time.
Elucidator (lvl 43): Moderately reduces DMG taken.
Opinion
Agaliarept is a 2 target damage dealer who reduces the damage output of their skill targets. Them skill is similar to that of Fragarach and Zirco Elf. For stats their HP is relatively poor. It is fortunate that they have a moderate damage reduction ability, which improves their effective HP.
Agaliarept's skill damage and damage reduction is similar to that of other daemons previously released. Unfortunately, damage reduction abilities in 4 ★ daemons are hardly in high demand. If absolute damage reduction was required, one would do much better with MLB Aya Waka (107%) or MLB Mata Hari (99%). Otherwise, 5 ★ Ravenna or Danjuro would be far more functional, with much higher damage output. For PvP purposes, Juzumaru Tsunetsugu with their damage reduction affecting all opponents would be preferred. Of the 3 daemons on this table, Zirco Elf is probably the only one with longer term utility – their Divina skill damage boost makes them a viable reserve (but they need lb3 to unlock that ability). Agaliarept is unfortunately yet another variation on a daemon type that does not see much function.
Nex Rating: Junk
The rise of Paul Ryan is a perfect illustration of how amazingly decadent and surreal politics in this country have become. Consider what, in the context of the contemporary Republican Party, Ryan symbolizes. For example, this fawning several-thousand-word portrait in the paper of record is designed to leave us with the impression that Ryan is just an ordinary guy from small-town America.
The story is chock-full of details from flyover America – they hunt deer and makes their own bratwurst! – that convey the message that Ryan is a kind of Cheesehead Mr. Smith: a largely self-made man who came to Washington with a dream in their head and a song in their heart, and a genuine intellectual who expresses big brave ideas that the partisan squabblers in our nation's capital should heed.
Advertisement:
The reality is rather different.
Paul Ryan, rugged individualist and self-made man.
Ryan is actually an heir to a highway construction company fortune, which was built in considerable part with federal tax dollars.
Paul Ryan, hardworking member of the great American middle class.
Although Ryan has never had a real job in their life (unless being a member of Congress counts), the 42-year-old Ryan and their wife are worth several million dollars, the bulk of it apparently inherited from their families.
Paul Ryan, intellectual.
Behold this remarkable effusion of praise for Ryan's supposed economic genius, emitted by Erskine Bowles, the “liberal” appointed by President Obama to co-chair the blue ribbon commission that was tasked with coming up with a bipartisan compromise that would find some way of keeping our poor from indecorously starving in the streets, without raising taxes on the Job Creators.
Advertisement:
In fact Ryan is, in the grand tradition of supply-side economic theory, just another glib Young Republican with good hair, who read the sociopathic ranting of Ayn Rand at an impressionable age, subsequently scrawled some numbers on the back of a napkin, and is now being duly hailed as a visionary by all Very Serious People.
I outsource the critique of Ryan's budget proposals to the recipient of the 2008 Nobel Prize in economics:
Ryan hasn't “crunched the numbers”; they have just scribbled some stuff down, without checking at all to see if it makes sense. They assert that they can cut taxes without net loss of revenue by closing unspecified loopholes; they assert that they can cut discretionary spending to levels not seen since Calvin Coolidge, without saying how; they assert that they can convert Medicare to a voucher system, with much lower spending than now projected, without even a hint of how this is supposed to work. This is just a fantasy, not a serious policy proposal.
Ryan's economic ideas, if you want to call them that, consist of an incoherent mashup of Randian objectivism with a perverse misinterpretation of Thomist theology. They can be reduced with no loss of intellectual subtlety to six words, which could also collectively serve as the official campaign slogan for Romney-Ryan 2012: Socialism makes the baby Jesus cry.
You want to talk surreal decadence? Paul Ryan, who wants to repeal the 20th century, is praised lavishly by Barack Obama's “liberal” point man Erskine Bowles -- and Bowles is even now being tipped as a likely lad to take over for Timothy Geithner, as the new secretary of the Treasury.
Advertisement:
Here's a radical idea for President Obama: How about picking an actual liberal – just one! – for an important post in your as yet hypothetical second term? Instead of making Erskine Bowles, singer of Paul Ryan's praises, Treasury secretary, how about appointing Paul Krugman to that spot?
Of course, Krugman is considered a radical leftist in Washington these days, because they believe in mildly progressive income taxes, and that it's not a good thing to allow America's social and economic system to become the equivalent of a banana republic on steroids.
As much of the media swoon over Paul Ryan's riches to greater riches story, it wouldn't hurt for Obama to do something to assure people that they understand debates over economic policy ought to include voices from outside a spectrum of conventional Washington wisdom that currently includes everyone from the right to the extreme right.
As the Golden State Warriors sat in their locker room a year ago, digesting the final loss of the worst collapse in NBA history, Andre Iguodala stood and said they wanted to address the group. Iguodala rarely does this, according to several members of the team. Everyone stopped.
Iguodala insisted they would recover. They mentioned that the San Antonio Spurs had never repeated as champions, a tidbit Warriors coach Steve Kerr, themselves a former Spurs player, had mentioned often to underline the difficulty of last season's challenge. If the team responded the right way, Iguodala said, they could put themselves in position to chase several titles -- and wash away the sting from this loss.
Some in the room thought Iguodala might have been hinting at the potential signing of Kevin Durant, though Iguodala never uttered their name or directly discussed free agency, sources said. They glanced at Harrison Barnes and Andrew Bogut, two players who would almost certainly be elsewhere if Durant joined. 2017 NBA Opening Night On opening night, the Warriors were stunned in Oakland and the Celtics' high hopes took a tumble. • Irving: Hayward injury among worst
• Despite gloom, hopeful signs for C's
• Hobbled CP3 sees Houston rally
• LeBron shakes ankle woes in opener
• Warriors get rings for 2017 title
Durant joined the team, of course, and the Warriors are champions again after vaporizing the competition over an unprecedented 16-1 rampage through the playoffs, capping the NBA Finals with a 129-120 win over the defending champion Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday to take back the crown in five games.
In the end, they are exactly the team the league expected and feared: the best offensive team ever, and the league's stingiest defense over the regular season and postseason combined. Aside from an embarrassing season-opening loss to the Spurs, there was almost no drama -- no angst over touches, no tense players-only meeting, no slow start. They gelled fast, and blitzed everyone.
"I don't feel like I sacrificed at all," Klay Thompson told ESPN.com last week. "I'd rather be a part of something that could leave a legacy. There is more to basketball than getting yours, or being the guy. I hope I do this for a long time for the Warriors."
The Warriors were never worried about integrating Durant on the court. "This was not getting an isolation guy who needs the ball in their hands," Kerr told ESPN.com in Cleveland. "He loves moving without the ball. They love passing. They love running the floor. They fit in to our system perfectly. We lost some key guys to get him, but you are talking about the second-best player in the world. You don't even think about it. You think, basically, it's a miracle: 'Holy s---, we are getting KD to this team.'"
Team officials like to say that in a way, adding Durant was easier in basketball terms than mixing in LeBron James would have been.
They fretted a bit about how Durant would transition into their culture, and how they would get along with Curry. They did not know each other well. At a team dinner after their fourth preseason game, in Denver, Durant and Curry ended up at the same table. Players and coaches gradually filtered out, but the two stars sipped wine long into the night. Team officials watched, happy the two were getting past the awkward early stages of any friendship.
"We just talked about life," Durant told ESPN.com. "When you get a good bond with someone, you can talk for hours."
Five days later at a dinner in Las Vegas, after an exhibition game there, Durant approached Bruce Fraser, an assistant coach, and revealed why they came to Golden State, they both recalled. They didn't need a championship, Durant told Fraser, though of course they hoped to win one. They wanted a new experience, and from afar in Oklahoma City, the Warriors' culture looked appealing.
After a month, Durant was ready to offer an early conclusion: "It's even better than I thought," they told Fraser.
"I came here to have fun," Durant told ESPN.com before Game 4. "I wanted to be one of the guys. Right away, they didn't treat me like I was 'KD,' or act like they wanted me to be a kind of vocal leader. I was happy from Day 1."
Even if the basketball fit were to prove more troublesome than expected, Durant was obviously worth it. "We all felt we needed some fresh blood anyway," Kerr said. "Getting to the Finals a third year in a row is so difficult emotionally."
The basketball fit was not troublesome. The coaches added more new plays for David West than for Durant, Kerr said. They only had to break Durant from some of the habits they learned in Oklahoma City's more stagnant system. On fast breaks, Durant would run to the corner and stand there. The Warriors taught them to keep moving if they didn't get the ball right away, slash inside, and set screens for Curry or Thompson.
Fraser ran them through basic give-and-go drills. After offensive rebounds, Durant learned to slam Curry and Thompson's defenders with picks instead of floating out to the 3-point arc.
"I was used to waiting around for the ball to come to me," Durant said. By the end of training camp, they had those things down.
"It was pretty seamless," Thompson said.
There were hiccups, of course. Curry agitated for more pick-and-rolls after taking only 11 shots in a dispiriting fall-from-ahead loss in Cleveland. Twelve days later, Green yelled at Durant for freezing the offense in crunch time of a loss against Memphis. Amid what passed for drama, the Warriors were 31-6.
"Those were basically the only two times we had anything to talk about as a team," Kerr said. Kerr recalibrated the offense to feature more pick-and-rolls for Curry. The team's passes per game ticked up in mid-January after falling into a rut in the prior six weeks.
"What makes our team dynamic is Steph using high screens," Kerr said. "We should have been doing more of that around Christmas. We basically told Steph, 'Just be you again. KD is going to get 25 no matter what.'"
The NBA has had super-teams before, but none quite like this. The Warriors boast four All-NBA-level players age 29 or younger. Three of them rank among the 10 greatest shooters ever; they are all lethal away from the ball. The fourth, Green, is more initiator than finisher, and ranks as a generational defensive player.
The only-one-ball problem that caused growing pains with the Miami Heat was never going to be an issue in Golden State. They are a fully realized powerhouse in Year 1, and they are confident they will get even better as Durant absorbs the tendencies and quirks of their teammates -- and they absorb his.
"We only peeled the first layer," Fraser said. "There are many more."
The league and union must grapple with how we arrived here. A salary cap is designed to prevent star-laden teams from adding more talent without giving up much in return. The league's rich new national TV deal broke the system. It triggered a one-time-only mega-spike in the cap -- from $70 million last season to $94 million in this one -- that provided Golden State room to sign Durant and retain most of its key players.
The league saw it coming late, and in 2014 proposed a method of phasing in the cap increase in increments over more years. The players would still get all their money. It would be just be distributed a little differently. The union rejected the idea out of hand, and didn't counter by asking for anything in return -- beyond making a little noise, sources say, about the possibility of getting some of the TV money in advance. Editor's Picks NBA draft 2017: Key dates, news and analysis From prospect projections to the lottery and draft night, ESPN.com has complete coverage of the 2017 NBA draft.
2017 NBA Finals: Schedule, news, analysis and more Golden State has captured the 2017 NBA title. Read about the Finals and relive the Warriors' and Cavaliers' third straight championship collision. 1 Related
The dialogue basically ended there. The league has insisted there was nothing more it could do. The union's objection was absolute, and ironclad. Perhaps that is true. It does not change the fact that there are team executives who believe the league could and should have done more -- threatening, bargaining, something -- to foreclose the possibility of this monster growing in Oakland. (Depending on the particulars, Golden State might have been able to fit Durant under a smoothed cap by dumping Iguodala into another team's space. It's hard to know for sure.)
Rivals a tier below Golden State and Cleveland are contemplating whether chasing the Warriors is even worth it while all four stars are in their primes. Why exchange draft picks and young players for present-day talent if an upgrade still leaves you way short?
"You know where your competition is," said Danny Ainge, the GM of the Boston Celtics, who chose to stand pat at the trade deadline when the Chicago Bulls demanded a king's ransom for Jimmy Butler. "The formula to become an elite team hasn't changed. What you're asking is if Golden State has changed things so that you have no chance."
Most teams don't have the luxury of even asking this question. Franchises in Charlotte and Memphis just have to be as good as they can be every season. The Celtics are different. They are straddling two paths as a 53-win team with a heap of extra draft picks, including the No. 1 pick this month and the Brooklyn Nets' unprotected pick next season.
The Toronto Raptors were in a similar situation when they flipped Terrence Ross and three draft picks -- including one first-rounder -- for Serge Ibaka and PJ Tucker. They went close to all-in, though without surrendering any asset nearly as valuable as those Brooklyn picks. Cleveland humiliated them in four games.
Most team executives around the league agree there might be some small overall chilling effect on win-now transactions in the wake of Golden State's run. Middling teams without a star could attempt a multi-year process-style bottoming out, though none appear primed to do so. "As a response to the Golden State mega-team, I hear the NBA is considering giving out banners to teams who don't get swept," chuckled Daryl Morey, Houston's GM.
Morey is joking. They have a top-five player in James Harden -- "top-three, we think, for sure," Morey said -- and will not sacrifice a season of Harden's prime in trembling awe of these Warriors. Nor will the Spurs trifle with Kawhi Leonard's best years. They will not trade those players to bottom out, either. The whole point of tanking is to get a chance at players who might be as good as Harden and Leonard.
Weird stuff happens. Role players make unexpected leaps. Teams nail draft picks. Stars get hurt at the wrong time. Making the Finals would still mean something to any Eastern Conference team that unseats LeBron, even if the Warriors sweep them.
"They are not unbeatable," Morey said of Golden State. "There have been bigger upsets in sports history. We are going to keep improving our roster."
Ainge remembers feeling their 1986 champion Celtics would stay on top for years. The Detroit Pistons seized the Eastern Conference two years later.
"Something can happen that nobody foresees," Ainge said. "I don't look at it as doom and gloom right now."
Boston paid Al Horford the max last summer.  They are 31. If Durant were still in Oklahoma City, Boston might burn more future assets to win today. But they are still going to try.
"We are definitely not in punt mode," Ainge said. "But trading away picks and promising young players for a veteran who might be 5 percent better is not in our plans, either."
There is always a super-team to chase. If this one is better than its predecessors, that doesn't mean everyone peels off that chase. "I like having targets in Cleveland and Golden State," Ainge said. "I like trying to meet their standards. It might not happen in a year. It might not happen in five years. WIth them, it might never happen. That's how special they are."
The next tier of teams might have to take more risks to increase their game-to-game variability -- and nudge their ceiling up, Morey said. Houston traded a first-round pick for Lou Williams, a streaky scorer who might give an underdog two or three crazy outlier games it needs to pull off an upset. Other rivals will need to hit home runs on those trades, or preserve cap space for long-shot runs at stars in free agency. Miami is loading up now to pursue Gordon Hayward, according to league sources.
"We are used to long odds," Morey added. "If Golden State makes the odds longer, we might up our risk profile and get even more aggressive. We have something up our sleeve."
They also know the Warriors may not be able to afford their team as the four stars sign mammoth new deals, potentially starting with Durant and Curry this summer. Depending on what happens with Iguodala, Shaun Livingston, and Zaza Pachulia -- also free agents in July -- the Warriors could vault $20 million over the tax next season, and $30 million over in 2018-19.
Thompson becomes eligible for a new deal that summer. Max them out, and the payroll could crack $300 million with extra penalties for repeat taxpayers. And that is factoring conservatively, with Iguodala and Livingston off the books after 2019; a below-market estimate for Patrick McCaw (a restricted free agent after next season); and the rest of the roster filled with minimum contracts, cost-controlled first-rounders, and cheapo second-round picks. (The Warriors have traded their second-round picks in each of the next three drafts, but they are trying to buy back into this draft, according to several league sources.)
Then comes Green, in the summer of 2020. If they hit free agency eligible for the super-max designated player extension, the Warriors are looking at a roster bill approaching $440 million. Coaxing two of the stars into below-market deals wouldn't make enough of a dent. They also paid almost $50 million into the league's revenue-sharing system last season, according to sources familiar with the data.
The Warriors print money, and they will print more when they move into a new arena in San Francisco. They are worth at least four or five times what this ownership group paid for them a half-decade ago. An unexpected leap in the cap could ease the pain.
Still, no team has ever paid anything like that. The Warriors almost certainly won't. The only way out is to trade one star. Thompson would seem the likeliest candidate.
Nobody is ready to go there yet, of course. The Warriors can't even acknowledge the dilemma -- even whisper the chance of a breakup -- before they have signatures from Curry and Durant on long-term deals. They will swallow normal-ish tax bills to hunt rings over the next two years.
"That's what we want -- to be contenders for years and years," Thompson said. "So far, so good."
Sharing is Caring Google+ Reddit Tumblr Digg StumbleUpon Linkedin Yummly VK
Lose Weight Fast While Walking Your Dog #dog #workout
Have a little extra padding in the middle? Don't we all? If you have a dog, you have a workout partner that will never skip out on you. You can Lose Weight Fast While Walking Your Dog. A survey of dog owners, conducted at the University of Western Australia and published in Health Promotion Journal of Australia in August 2008, revealed that dogs are great motivators for walking because they:
Provide a strong motivation to maintain a program
Are good walking companions
Provide good social support when exercising
Can You Lose Weight While Walking Your Dog?
Researchers found that seven in every 10 adult dog owners achieved 150 minutes of physical exercise per week, compared with only four in every 10 non-owners. Let's Get Started, but before we start, take a moment to like and subscribe for more fun fauna facts.
Tell us about your doggy in the comments below.
Let's start with a safety tip for your dog. Know the limits of your dog. Some breeds are better suited as workout partners than others. For a moderately healthy adult, a small breed or a short-snouted dog such as a bulldog, might not be the best jogging partner or be suited for long, brisk walks. But most breeds are fine with a moderately paced walk.
When experts talk about exercise benefits of walking your dog, they aren't talking about slowly strolling around behind them while they sniff for the perfect place to potty. For you both to get benefits, you'll need to walk at a moderate to a brisk pace for at least 30 minutes a day. Can't do 30 minutes at a time? Fine. A 10-minute walk in the morning and a 20-minute walk in the evening works, too. Did you know that merely walking 30 minutes a day burns up to 5600 calories a month in a 150-pound adult?
Benefits of Walking Your Dog Every Day
What else will improve? According to Melina B. Jampolis, MD, you'll see an improvement in mood, creativity, and your other goals will seem more reachable.
A walk a day is simple enough, right? Let's step it up a bit. Health and Wellness expert, Jillian Michaels suggests jogging in intervals with your dog. “Your body likes to be on cruise control because that's where it's most gas efficient,” explains Wayne Westcott, Ph.D., fitness research director at Quincy College in Massachusetts. “But when you push on the gas pedal, as you do in intervals, your body becomes less efficient and has to burn more calories to do the activity.”
High-Intensity Interval Trining with Your Dog
What is this interval jogging? It's simple. You jog in spurts and alternate to walking, increasing intensity throughout the routine. You start out walking to warm up. Start with a light walk and increase pace over a 5 minute period. After a short stretch, go through 6 repetitions of jogging for 30 seconds and 2-minute brisk walks. You'll want to increase the intensity of your jog each cycle and give it a 100 percent effort on the last cycle. Other than the smallest of dogs, your dog will be fine with this routine, but keep an eye on him. Finish off with a 5-minute brisk walk to cool down and end with a nice stretch. This should be done only three times a week and you can do normal walks on off days for maximum benefits. A good interval session needs recovery time, so it's best for you and your dog not to interval train every day.
Daily Walking Routine
Set a daily routine for your dog and you. Try to walk or run at the same time each day. Mornings are best because walks at this time help to disperse the pent-up energy your dog accumulates during the night. It's also best for the human. The more you run with your dog, the more your dog will expect it. On those days when you don't feel like getting off the couch your dog will nudge, pull, and whine until they get their daily exercise. Instead of viewing this behavior as annoying, you can see it as motivating.
“Pets get all the same diseases humans do from diabetes to cancer to heart disease. If you love your pet, I implore you to exercise with your pet and make sure both of you eat the proper amount of healthy food,” says Jillian.
Other Exercises with Your Dog
Want to switch it up? Go on hikes with your dog. How about sprints? Can you beat your dog from one end of your yard to the next?
How Your Dog CVan keep Your Child Healthy
Don't forget your children. The World Health Organization recommends 60 minutes of moderate to vigorous activity daily for children 5 to 17 years old. It might not be best to have your 5-year-old interval train, but games like “Who can get to the ball first” or a game of doggy tag will probably be fun for your child and dog. Get creative, make it fun, not a chore.
Want more fun, fauna facts? Go ahead and smash that subscribe button and hit the notification icon to not miss a single fact. If you like THIS video, go ahead and push the like button, or that other button also works. If you'd like to help us grow, consider becoming a patron on Patreon or clicking the Paypal link on AnimalFacts.us. And as always catch ya next time.
Summary Title Lose Weight Fast While Walking Your Dog #dog #FitLife #Fitness Description Have a little extra padding in the middle? Don't we all? If you have a dog, you have a workout partner that will never skip out on you. You can Lose Weight Fast While Walking Your Dog. A survey of dog owners, conducted at the University of Western Australia and published in Health Promotion Journal of Australia in August 2008, revealed that dogs are great motivators for walking because they: Provide a strong motivation to maintain a program Are good walking companions Provide good social support when exercising
Comments
comments
Former SAF chief admits reporting only to suspended Purisima, PNoy
MANILA - ABS-CBN News has gained access to a video of the first time that former police Special Action Force (SAF) chief Getulio Napenas faced government, police, and military officials to tell them about Oplan Exodus.
It was where the Cabinet secretaries first learned that Napenas was answering to PNP chief Alan Purisima, even if the latter was already suspended from office.
The video was taken inside the headquarters of the Army 6th Infantry Division in Awang, Maguindanao, at a little past 11 a.m on January 26, the day after the Mamasapano operation.
That was when Napenas introduced Oplan Exodus to PNP officer-in-charge Leonardo Espina, Interior Secretary Mar Roxas, Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin, ARMM Governor Mujiv Hataman, and Western Mindanao Command chief Lt. Gen. Rustico Guerrero.
At around this time, some 31 more bodies of the slain SAF troopers were still being recovered in the cornfields of Barangay Tukanalipao.
This was the first time Cabinet officials found out why they were all kept in the dark.
Napenas claimed they had texted the Army about the operation as early as 3 or 4 a.m. The day before, which was Sunday, January 25.
When they said this, 6th Infantry Division commander Maj. Gen. Eduardo Pangilinan took their cellphone out.
Minutes later, Pangilinan leaned over and showed Gazmin their phone.
Contrary to Napenas' claim, the text message showed it was received at 5:06 a.m.
"Tapos na iyung operation. That's not coordination. Do you call that coordination?" Gazmin told Napenas.
Napenas also said the SAF tried three times to get Marwan and Basit Usman since 2013. This was when Roxas asked them who they were taking orders from.
Napenas said that from the first attempt, they had been answering to PNP chief Alan Purisima -- who was suspended when Oplan Exodus was launched.
Roxas' voice rose when they asked who knew about Oplan Exodus.
They were met with silence by Napenas when they asked who they coordinated the operation.
"I am SILG. I have not heard of these 3 attempts, nor this last attempt. This involves 400 men. So who did you coordinate with?"
Napenas replied: "General Purisima, sir."
Roxas:"Who was already…?"
Napenas: "On leave, sir. Myself, and Senior Supt. Jojo Mendez, sir. And we briefed the President, sir."
Roxas: "Was there a guidance to keep this from the Armed Forces? Was there a guidance to keep this from the hierarchy of the PNP? Was there a guidance to keep this to yourselves?"
Napenas: "My recommendation when I was briefing the President was we will inform the AFP time on target, sir."
Roxas fell silent for a while, before speaking again. "Now is not the time to… the most important thing is to find out to the care and welfare of these missing, if in fact they are dead."
After the series of briefings, Roxas and Gazmin proceeded to the mortuary where they would see the SAF troopers who never lived to tell anyone about their secret mission. - with ANC
Davis Mattek is a contributor at Rotoviz.com. You can find them on Twitter.
Identifying the correct wide receivers will likely be the most important component to your fantasy teams success, but if you don't nail the running backs your team will have no shot at a championship. Without high level point scoring coming from your running back position, you are going to be an underdog each and every week. Many owners make mistakes when evaluating wide receivers, so in general, it's an easier position to draft.
I maintain that wide receiver is the most important position and that getting one of the top 5 players at the position is a mandate for building the best possible roster. That places much more emphasis on nailing your running back picks in the later rounds. Selecting a top notch wide receiver in the first three rounds is not for the faint of heart, but will easily pay off if you are able to grab an RB2 in the 4th round or later.
Using my 5 Wide Receivers You Must Draft article in combination with these five running backs to target, you will be able to build solid core of high-upside players who have a great shot of outproducing their ADP and putting your team in the position to not only make the playoffs, but win a championship.
C.J Spiller: ADP 1.05
You have to start somewhere, and nailing your first round pick is important. The old adage is that you can't win your draft in the first round, but you can lose it. In some sense, that is true. Arian Foster is a huge injury risk, Adrian Peterson is a year older in a pitiful offense and Jamaal Charles has already had their injury scare. C.J Spiller has the highest upside of any running back not named Jamaal Charles, but comes cheaper and with more touchdown opportunities. Spiller is the only player whose ideal, perfect season produces a Ladainian Tomlinson in 2006 type performance.
Steven Jackson: ADP 2.04
Last year, Micheal Turner finished as the 18th overall running back in standard leagues. By the time Turner finished, they were essentially an offensive lineman, grunting ahead at 3 yards a pop. Even if S-Jax is headed towards the cliff, the Atlanta offense is going to be productive enough for them to score double digit touchdowns and near 40 receptions. Jackson is going right next to Maurice Jones-Drew and even though MJD didn't look bad in preseason, I greatly prefer Jackson's upside in an explosive offense.
Le'Veon Bell: ADP 3.12
This all changes if Bell's mid-foot sprain that they suffered against the Washington Redskins on Monday Night turns into a Lisfranc or a fracture. If it's just a sprain and they will only miss a few games, or possibly none at all, the injury is a blessing in disguise. Owners had started to notice that Bell was the clear lead back in a not-terrible offense. Bell is strikingly similar and their 3rd/4th round ADP meant that they were going to be a perfect component to many championship fantasy squads. While other owners are wasting a pick on Montee Ball, you can draft a guy with no real competition on the roster. Provided they come back relatively healthy, Bell is one of the most valuable fantasy assets on the market.
Shane Vereen: ADP 6.01
If you play in a casual league, you should have no problem getting Vereen later than their 6.01 Average Draft Position. Even in more competitive leagues, Vereen is still being undervalued.  They are the perfect weapon for the Patriots offense and they are inheriting a historically valuable role. Not only will Vereen be filling the shoes of Danny Woodhead (who finished as a top 25 runner last year), but they will also be playing WR snaps and shifting around the formation in the same manner as Aaron Hernandez. We should all be thanking Bill Belichick for their valuable addition to a typically-thin position.
Daryl Richardson: ADP 6.02
While others owners are busy trying to patch their holes at wide receiver, those following my draft plan will be safely planning on selecting Richardson. By the time you are selecting Richardson, your team will likely have one stud WR like Demaryius Thomas (hopefully you are avoiding trap guys like Larry Fitzgerald) and high upside WR2 like Eric Decker or Torrey Smith. Richardson came out looking good in my projections and given that Jeff Fisher has named them the starter, and used them like one in the preseason, the time to buy is now.
Feel free to contact me on Twitter about this article, or for any fantasy questions, @davismattek.
"I'm a mother of four small children. And it would be a terrible example for me to feel otherwise,” Kellyanne Conway said. | AP Photo Trump's new campaign chief stands by past Trump criticisms
Donald Trump's new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, was confronted Sunday with a video of their past criticisms of the Republican presidential nominee — and they said they stand by some of them.
On ABC News' "This Week With George Stephanopoulos," the host played a video — citing the liberal advocacy group Media Matters for America — of Conway blasting Trump in cable news appearances for their “vulgar” language and for not releasing their tax returns, among other criticisms.
Story Continued Below
Stephanopoulos asked Conway whether they stand by their past statements.
“I do,” they said. “And the reason is I don't like when people hurl personal insults. That will never change. That's not my style. I'm a mother of four small children. And it would be a terrible example for me to feel otherwise.”
Stephanopoulos then asked whether they think Trump will stop insulting people.
“He doesn't hurl personal insults,” they responded. “In other words, they just this week, look what they talked about. He's bringing the case right to communities of color in Michigan. And he's speaking to all Americans when they do that, George.”
Stephanopoulos then pressed them on whether they stand by their previous call for Trump to release their tax returns.
“I've learned since on being the inside that this audit is a serious matter and that they have said that when the audit is complete, he'll release their tax returns,” they responded. “I also know as a pollster that what concerns people most about, quote, ‘taxes' is their own tax liability.”
31 Oct 2015 hadoop hdfs
Hadoop: HDFS - ava.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.apache.hadoop.fs.FSOutputSummer.<init>(Ljava/util/zip/Checksum;II)V
I wanted to write a little program to check that one machine could communicate a HDFS server running on the other and adapted some code from the Hadoop wiki as follows:
package org.playground; import org.apache.hadoop.conf.Configuration; import org.apache.hadoop.fs.FSDataInputStream; import org.apache.hadoop.fs.FSDataOutputStream; import org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem; import org.apache.hadoop.fs.Path; import java.io.IOException; public class HadoopDFSFileReadWrite { static void printAndExit(String str) { System.err.println( str ); System.exit(1); } public static void main (String[] argv) throws IOException { Configuration conf = new Configuration(); conf.addResource(new Path("/Users/markneedham/Downloads/core-site.xml")); FileSystem fs = FileSystem.get(conf); Path inFile = new Path("hdfs://192.168.0.11/user/markneedham/explore.R"); Path outFile = new Path("hdfs://192.168.0.11/user/markneedham/output-" + System.currentTimeMillis()); // Check if input/output are valid if (!fs.exists(inFile)) printAndExit("Input file not found"); if (!fs.isFile(inFile)) printAndExit("Input should be a file"); if (fs.exists(outFile)) printAndExit("Output already exists"); // Read from and write to new file byte buffer[] = new byte[256]; try ( FSDataInputStream in = fs.open( inFile ); FSDataOutputStream out = fs.create( outFile ) ) { int bytesRead = 0; while ( (bytesRead = in.read( buffer )) > 0 ) { out.write( buffer, 0, bytesRead ); } } catch ( IOException e ) { System.out.println( "Error while copying file" ); } } }
I initially thought I only had the following in my POM file:
<dependency> <groupId>org.apache.hadoop</groupId> <artifactId>hadoop-common</artifactId> <version>2.7.0</version> </dependency>
But when I ran the script I got the following exception:
Exception in thread "main" java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.apache.hadoop.fs.FSOutputSummer.<init>(Ljava/util/zip/Checksum;II)V at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSOutputStream.<init>(DFSOutputStream.java:1553) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSOutputStream.<init>(DFSOutputStream.java:1582) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSOutputStream.newStreamForCreate(DFSOutputStream.java:1614) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClient.create(DFSClient.java:1465) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClient.create(DFSClient.java:1390) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DistributedFileSystem$6.doCall(DistributedFileSystem.java:394) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DistributedFileSystem$6.doCall(DistributedFileSystem.java:390) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystemLinkResolver.resolve(FileSystemLinkResolver.java:81) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DistributedFileSystem.create(DistributedFileSystem.java:390) at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DistributedFileSystem.create(DistributedFileSystem.java:334) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.create(FileSystem.java:909) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.create(FileSystem.java:890) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.create(FileSystem.java:787) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.create(FileSystem.java:776) at org.playground.HadoopDFSFileReadWrite.main(HadoopDFSFileReadWrite.java:37) at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497) at com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain.main(AppMain.java:140)
From following the stack trace I realised I'd made a mistake and had accidentally pulled in a dependency on hadoop-hdfs 2.4.1. If we don't have the hadoop-hdfs dependency we'd actually see this error instead:
Exception in thread "main" java.io.IOException: No FileSystem for scheme: hdfs at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.getFileSystemClass(FileSystem.java:2644) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.createFileSystem(FileSystem.java:2651) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.access$200(FileSystem.java:92) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem$Cache.getInternal(FileSystem.java:2687) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem$Cache.get(FileSystem.java:2669) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.get(FileSystem.java:371) at org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem.get(FileSystem.java:170) at org.playground.HadoopDFSFileReadWrite.main(HadoopDFSFileReadWrite.java:22) at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497) at com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain.main(AppMain.java:140)
Now let's add the correct version of the dependency and make sure it all works as expected:
<dependency> <groupId>org.apache.hadoop</groupId> <artifactId>hadoop-hdfs</artifactId> <version>2.7.0</version> <exclusions> <exclusion> <groupId>ch.qos.logback</groupId> <artifactId>logback-classic</artifactId> </exclusion> <exclusion> <groupId>javax.servlet</groupId> <artifactId>servlet-api</artifactId> </exclusion> </exclusions> </dependency>
When we run that a new file is created in HDFS on the other machine with the current timestamp:
$ date +%s000 1446336801000 $ hdfs dfs -ls ... -rw-r--r-- 3 markneedham supergroup 9249 2015-11-01 00:13 output-1446337098257 ...
Email
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
At least nine people were killed and more than 36 others wounded in shootings around Chicago from Friday afternoon through early Monday morning.
Among the wounded were five children who were shot in a drive-by while leaving a park on a warm Easter evening.
The weekend's latest fatal shooting occurred at about 1 p.m. Sunday when shots were fired upon a Lincoln Navigator. Police said the driver of an orange Hummer blocked the Navigator head-on at the corner of 28th Street and Sawyer Avenue. Two people with guns then stepped out of the Hummer and fired nearly a dozen bullets at the Navigator, right under a police "blue light" camera.
McCarthy Reacts to Violent Weekend
Chicago police Supt. Garry McCarthy joined the NBC 5 NEWS TODAY on Monday, April 21 after an Easter weekend that saw nine people killed and more than 35 people wounded in gun violence. (Published Monday, April 21, 2014)
A 13-year-old boy who lives near the scene said they saw part of the shooting happen from inside their home. Both people in the Hummer had white masks on, they said, and after the shooting, someone drove the vehicle south on Sawyer Avenue.
Police were searching for the Hummer.
The Navigator drove off and was later found at the corner of 24th Street and Kedzie Avenue, police at the scene said. A 33-year-old man in that vehicle was found shot in the head and was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. A 19-year-old man who was shot in the chest died after being taken to Stroger Hospital.
On Saturday morning, two teens who were found dead in an apartment building were killed over a dispute that played out on Facebook, according to the mother of the one of the victims.
Jordan Means, 16, and Anthony Bankhead, 18, were found dead just after 10:30 a.m. in an apartment in the 8200 block of South Houston Avenue on the South Side, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office. An autopsy revealed they were both shot in the head.
"An argument led to this, that's crazy," said Camille Cochran, 42, Jordan Means' mother. "Now, I don't have my son no more."
They said Means was their baby -- the youngest of their three kids. They were a sophomore at Bowen High School, liked to play basketball and was a ladies man, they said.
Chicago police were questioning someone Sunday but could not provide any other details about the person.
Means lived less than a block from the South Chicago neighborhood basement apartment where the shooting happened. Friends gathered there Saturday night. Candles illuminated pools of blood left by the shooting.
In the other fatal shootings:
A Chicago Police Officer and their husband, a Cook County Sheriff's correctional officer, were found dead about 5 a.m. Sunday in their Southwest Side home Sunday in what appears to be a murder-suicide, authorities said.
A 43-year-old man was found dead of multiple gunshot wounds around 9:30 a.m. Saturday in an alley in the 2900 block of West Flournoy Street, police said.
Nicholas Ramirez, 19, of the 3900 block of South Rockwell Street, was found shot to death around 2:30 a.m. Saturday in the1600 block of West Hubbard Street. Two vehicles had been involved in a chase on Ashland Avenue, police said. The vehicle driven by the victim eventually hit two other vehicles in the 1600 block of West Hubbard before crashing into a concrete median. A man then fired into the crashed vehicle before driving off east on Hubbard, according to the police, who said Ramirez died after being shot in the head and a leg.
Trevolus Pickett, 20, of the 8300 block of South Dorchester Avenue, was shot to death Friday night on the West Side in a gangway in the 5200 block of West Congress Parkway in South Austin. They were shot in the head around 11:15 p.m. Friday and pronounced dead at Mount Sinai Hospital at 12:05 a.m.
Five children were injured in what witnesses said was a drive-by shooting near East 67th Street and South Michigan Avenue, in the city's Park Manor neighborhood.
The kids were coming from a park near Brownell Elementary School at about 7:30 p.m. when witnesses say a car pulled up and someone in the car asked them a question. The group fled but someone in the car opened fire, striking four girls and one boy, witnesses said.
"I thought it was firecrackers but I saw everyone running," said witness Kimyana Bryant. "My mom ran over to us. I was trying to get all the kids from the park. I brought them over here so they could be in the house with us."
Police couldn't immediately confirm the details provided by witnesses.
A 15-year-old girl was in stable condition and an 11-year-old girl was listed in critical condition. Both were transported to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, according to authorities. A 14-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl were both taken to Comer Children's Hospital. The boy was last listed in stable condition and the girl was in serious condition. Another 14-year-old girl later walked into Saint Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center with a graze wound in their buttocks, police said.
At least 23 shell casings were seen on the ground near the scene.
"You can't even come to the park and enjoy yourself without this happening," said witness Christiana Sanders. "The kids should be able to come into their community without worrying about violence. It needs to stop."
No one was in custody as of Monday morning.
Another shooting late Sunday in Chicago's Humboldt Park neighborhood sent a 15-year-old girl to a hospital.
Authorities said the teen was a passenger in a vehicle headed southbound in the 1700 block of North Pulaski Road about 9:40 p.m. When the vehicle stopped at the intersection of West Wabansia Avenue, three males crossed the street and flashed gang signs, police spokesperson Hector Alfaro said.
As the car drove on, one of them fired shots at the vehicle, hitting the 15-year-old girl in the back, according to police.
They were taken to Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center in and initially listed in stable condition.
It was not clear early Monday how many other people were in the car or if anyone else was hurt in that shooting.
No one was in custody as of 5 a.m.
Copyright SunTimes / NBC Chicago
It has become something of a cliché in recent years to suggest that the Football League Championship is rather more difficult to fall into than it is to get out of in an upwardly direction. There is a swathe of clubs in this division who have found this out to their cost, and amongst those currently experiencing this is a club that spent thirteen of its previous seasons living the high life in the Premier League: Bolton Wanderers. It seems reasonable to say that Boltons relegation at the end of last season was something of a surprise. Bolton had stabilised in the top division, with only occasional flirtations with the Premier League trapdoor and four consecutive top ten finishes between 2004 and 2007.
Last season, however, the wheels fell unexpectedly off the wagon and Bolton dropped back into the often unexpectedly tricky world of the Football League Championship. Whenever this happens, it is widely anticipated that the manager behind this drop will find themselves without a job, but Owen Coyle found themselves clinging on at The Reebok Stadium. Such faith, however, comes at a price, and the price for Coyle was the implicit understanding that the club would be required to have a strong start to life in back in the Football League. It is fair to say that this didn't happen. That their team dropped out of the League Cup in the Second Round after a defeat at the hands of Crawley Town could probably be considered an irrelevance – few clubs seem to take that competition very seriously these days – but Boltons league form couldn't. Wins against Derby County, Sheffield Wednesday and Watford seemed to indicate that Coyle was only capable of digging out results against the divisions more moderate opponents, and in the second week of October they were relieved of their duties.
The clubs choice of replacement, the former Crystal Palace manager Dougie Freedman, raised an eyebrow or two, though. Freedman had taken their team to near the top of the Championship table this season and last season they took them to the semi-finals of the League Cup (beating Manchester United in the process), but Palace only finished last season in seventeenth place in the league and starting this season very slowly, losing each of their first four competitive matches of the season before finally kicking into gear at the start of September with a run of results that has culminated with the club now sitting atop the Championship table. There is an element of gamble to the appointment of Freedman to the managers position at the club. From the managers point of view it is understood that the contract that they had at Selhurst Park was a relatively modest one, whilst Premier League parachute payments may make the job of impressing their own will upon the club somewhat easier than it might have been at Crystal Palace.
On the other hand, though, many have tried and failed to take the step up in terms of managing the expectations of a restless support-base, and at a time when many Bolton supporters may feel that the clock is ticking with regard to the need to get back into the Premier League it remains to be seen how much patience will be afforded to Freedman should positive results not begin to flow relatively quickly. There was, apparently, automatic vindication for the clubs decision when they won their first match in charge at The Reebok Stadium against then-league leaders Cardiff City at the end of October, but the three matches since then have only seen three draws, and whilst two of those – against Leicester City and Blackpool – were reasonably creditable results, last Saturdays, at home against Barnsley, was a less satisfactory result. Crystal Palace, meanwhile, drafted Ian Holloway in from Blackpool as Freedmans replacement and their result last weekend – a three-nil win against Derby County – left them two points clear of Cardiff City at the top of the table. The Championships surprise package of the season continues to deliver.
It is conventional, when considering Bolton Wanderers, to make some reference to the size of the clubs debt. It is, after all, a headline-grabbing figure at £136m and debts of that size have been enough to sink the likes of Portsmouth and Rangers in the not too distant past. In the case of Bolton, however, the clubs situation is somewhat different and it is these differences that afford the club a little more room for manoeuvre than others with similar debt levels. Firstly, it is understood that the most voracious of creditors when it comes to football clubs, HMRC, remains paid up to date, and importance of this cannot be understated. Secondly, the overwhelming majority of the clubs debt is owed to one benefactor, Eddie Davies, who has never given any indication of demanding repayment of the debts racked up in their name. Now, there is a moral argument to be made over whether any football club should be allowed to accumulate this level of indebtedness which has been addressed by UEFAs Financial Fair Play regulations, but from the perspective of the Bolton Wanderers supporter, the risk of complete financial collapse remains lower than it surely would have been had the previous two clauses been in effect.
Regulation, however, is coming to the Football League whether clubs like it or not and Bolton Wanderers will have to cut their cloth accordingly in order to avoid sanctions from the authorities. The League is adopting Financial Fair Play regulations and, whilst historical debt will not be affected by this the days of clubs spending significantly more than they earn may be coming to an end. Premier League parachute payments will feather Boltons nest for the time being, but the club does seem to have been shifting in emphasis towards compliance with FFP and, as has perhaps already been seen this season, expectations may have to be tempered during the transitional period. Indeed, we might even argue that the arrival of Dougie Freedman – who had worked under tight financial restraints and in tandem with an excellent youth academy at Crystal Palace – is a likely portent of the direction that Bolton Wanderers intend to take in the immediate future. There seems to be a degree of calculated gamble about much at the club – the relatively inexperienced manager, the debt to one man – but in terms of financial liquidity the Premier Leagues parachute payments offer a degree of security to Bolton Wanderers which allows supporters to continue to be relatively sanguine about its future.
Moreover, league positions at this stage of the season can continue to be deceptive, and this is no more true than in the Football League Championship, where even the most ambitious of clubs can find that this division can be so fiendishly difficult to get out of in an upwardly direction. A cursory glance at the league table shows Bolton in seventeenth place, but they are still just seven points from the play-off places and this means that to describe this season as one of transition for the club. Recent results may have been patchy, but there remains all to play for this season for Bolton Wanderers. Such is the nature of the Football League Championship that one third of the way through the season is no time to be calling time on their season just yet.
You can follow Twohundredpercent on Twitter by clicking here.
The Vintage Racer Group brought their show to New Jersey Motorsports Park's Lightening Raceway on a lovely late-summer's day in September. If you've never seen VRG in action, you need to find the nearest event and check it out. The racers in VRG bring their machines to the track, drive them at 10/10ths, and then leave you wondering why you buy things like food instead of a 1963 Triumph Spitfire.
To be eligible for competition, all cars had to be in production before the end of 1979. The field is a good mix of European sports cars with jewel-like engines, big-bore American muscle cars, and junior-formula open-wheelers. There are even a few old prototypes thrown into the mix.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
While I was at NJMP, I stopped by the paddock are to visit the B & W Autosport team. The B & W run a shop out of Pittsburgh, PA where they will prepare a car for you to race and go with you to the track to provide all the support services needed for a weekend. At NJMP, they were campaigning Betsy Wisbon's 1976 BMW 2002, a beautifully prepared car that was running with telemetry for the first time.
Advertisement
That's all from NJMP. I would have like to post the drivers' names and the make/model of their cars, but apparently VRG takes down the entry list after the event and only list the drivers' names on the timing reports. Next time I'll remember to save that list before the event.
Backed by throngs of chanting supporters, dozens of liberal demonstrators are subjecting themselves to arrest each Monday at the state legislature here to protest a flurry of bills that could transform North Carolina into a model of conservative governance.
The state's hard turn to the right comes less than five years after people took to the streets here to celebrate the 2008 victory of Barack Obama, the first Democratic presidential candidate to capture the state since Jimmy Carter in 1976. The win prompted Obama's supporters to crow about the growing influence of progressive and minority voters not only in North Carolina but across the South.
But that euphoria is now a distant memory. Since the recession hit, North Carolina has been saddled with one of the nation's highest unemployment rates. The bad times helped prepare the way for a carefully executed strategy, with big financial support from a major conservative activist, that helped the GOP win control of both chambers of the state General Assembly in 2010.
Those victories were capped last year when Republican Pat McCrory was elected governor, giving the party control of all levers of state government for the first time since 1870.
The victories were aided by the strong financial support of Art Pope, a multimillionaire who spent heavily in support of the state's GOP candidates. The Institute for Southern Studies, a North Carolina-based research organization, said Pope's advocacy network spent $2.2 million on 22 legislative races, winning 18. Overall, conservative organizations largely supported by Pope accounted for three-fourths of the outside money spent in North Carolina legislative races in 2010, according to the institute.
One of McCrory's first acts after being elected governor was to install Pope, a former legislator, as the state budget chief. (The governor's office declined to make Pope available for an interview.) And now, GOP lawmakers are moving swiftly to enact a long list of legislation they say is largely aimed at limiting government debt and snapping the state's economy out of a years-long malaise.
Legislators have slashed jobless benefits. They have also repealed a tax credit that supplemented the wages of low-income people, while moving to eliminate the estate tax. They have voted against expanding Medicaid to comply with the 2010 federal health-care law. The expansion would have added 500,000 poor North Carolinians to the Medicaid rolls.
“Before considering Medicaid expansion, we must reform the current system to make sure people currently enrolled receive the services they need and more taxpayer dollars are not put at risk,” McCrory said in a written statement after signing a bill blocking the expansion.
Lawmakers are also considering proposals to reduce and flatten income tax rates while expanding the sales tax, perhaps to even include groceries and prescription drugs — which some advocates see as a first step toward eliminating the state income tax.
“North Carolina is a high-income-tax state, and we're suffering the consequences,” said Senate President Pro Tempore Phil Berger (R). “Our unemployment rate is the fifth worst in the country, and our high tax rates are hindering economic growth and pushing jobs to our neighbors.”
There are also measures pending to require drug testing for low-income people applying for job training and welfare benefits.
Other GOP-controlled legislatures have passed or considered similar measures in the wake of the recession. Florida, Missouri and Michigan are among the states that have slashed jobless benefits. Texas, Louisiana and Wisconsin are among at least 15 states not participating in the Medicaid expansion called for in the Affordable Care Act. And West Virginia, Kansas and Texas are among the states where legislators have proposed bills requiring drug testing for welfare recipients.
The North Carolina House has passed a law requiring voters to have a government-issued identification card, and legislators are considering bills to roll back the state's law allowing same-day voter registration and to sharply limit early voting — measures that supporters of the current law say were integral to the high turnout of minority voters in the past several elections.
“I don't know that there is a state that has as many regressive policies on tap,” said Penda Hair, co-director of Advancement Project, a Washington-based civil rights group that is considering a lawsuit challenging changes to the state's voting laws.
Liberals may be up in arms, but North Carolina conservatives are applauding the new direction of the General Assembly. After the state Senate unveiled its tax reform plan this month, the state chapter of Americans for Prosperity released a poll that it said showed widespread support across the state. Nearly two-thirds of respondents said the state tax code is in need of reform, and nearly half backed moving to totally eliminate the personal income tax within four years.
“The poll results show a clear desire for bold tax relief and reform that gets North Carolina back in the game for jobs and business,” said Dallas Woodhouse, state director of Americans for Prosperity in North Carolina.
The legislative effort has mobilized liberals who see North Carolina as a laboratory for conservative ideas propelled nationwide by the money of a handful of key patrons. They note that many of the initiatives being pursued by legislators here have long been championed by a network of conservative organizations supported by Pope and billionaire activists Charles and David Koch, including Americans for Prosperity and the American Legislative Exchange Council.
“Most of the laws that take us backwards do not come out of Congress but out of state legislatures,” said the Rev. William J. Barber II, head of the North Carolina chapter of the NAACP. “Conservative forces here have gone all out to implement these policies and to lock in their power by changing the voting laws.”
In an effort that resurrects some of the tactics of the civil rights movement, Barber has led a growing, multiracial campaign of civil disobedience intended to draw attention to the changes being pursued by legislators.
This past week, more than 600 demonstrators, some waving placards and singing freedom songs, gathered outside the North Carolina Legislative Building for the fourth “Moral Mondays” protest.
With the crowd behind them, 57 protesters walked inside the building and stood in front of the large brass doors leading to the Senate chamber. The demonstrators — pastors, students, college professors and senior citizens among them — were arrested and led away in plastic handcuffs. They joined a group of more than 100 North Carolina residents who had been arrested and jailed in three previous protests.
“This leadership wants to make our state a place of deeper stratification and inequality,” Barber said.
In the coming weeks, Barber plans to move the protests from the doorstep of the legislature to the home districts of the lawmakers through a series of 25 town meetings.
But, as it stands, there is very little opponents can do to alter the will of the governing majority — something many of the protesters acknowledge.
“My hope is two-pronged,” said Derick Smith, an instructor at North Carolina A&T University who was arrested several weeks ago during a protest. “You want to bring attention to what's happening. And you've got to hope that the governor will listen and back away from some of the more divisive provisions.”
Baise-Moi. Manu has lived a difficult life. Abused and violently raped, they set off to find themselves only to meet Nadine, a prostitute who has encountered one too many injustices in the world. Angry at the world, they embark on a twisted, rage-filled road trip. They choose to have sex when they please and kill when they need. Leaving a trail of mischief and dead bodies in their wake. Generating a media blitz and manhunt, soon everyone is out to capture the young fugitives.
Nonton Baise-Moi
Anda sedang nonton film online Baise-Moi. Terima kasih atas kunjungan anda ke situs ini. Disini anda bisa nonton movie dan film terbaru gratis. Lengkap dengan subtitle Indonesia dan Inggris. Kami akan terus menerus menambah koleksi kami. Baik film layar kaca maupun TV Series. Mohon melaporkan kepada kami apabila anda menemukan film yang tidak bisa di putar. Dengan menekan tombol report yang terletak di sebelah bawah kanan dari player. Apabila ada pertanyaan anda bisa menghubungi kami melalui halaman kontak pada bagian atas. Akhir kata Selamat menonton. Pastikan anda follow twitter nonton01.
Outing Ben Bernanke
Deception in the financial markets is not always costly, but it is rarely remunerative. Investors cannot afford to ignore this tendency.
Recent disclosures from the Federal Reserve reveal that honesty was one of the earliest casualties of the 2008 financial crisis. These disclosures contain a number of juicy tidbits, like the fact that Goldman Sachs received tens of billions of dollars in direct and indirect succor from the Fed.
Thanks to these spectacularly large taxpayer-funded bailouts, Goldman was able to continue “doing God's Work” – as CEO Lloyd Blankfein infamously remarked – like the work of producing billion-dollar trading profits without ever suffering a single day of losses.
Thanks to the Fed's massive, undisclosed assistance, Goldman Sachs managed to project an image of financial well-being, even while accessing tens of billions of dollars of direct assistance from the Federal Reserve.
By repaying its TARP loan, for example, Goldman wriggled out from under the nettlesome compensation limits imposed by TARP, while also conveying an image of financial strength. But this “strength” was illusory. Goldman repaid the TARP loans with funds it procured days earlier from the Federal Reserve. Then, over the ensuing months, Goldman recapitalized its balance sheet by selling tens of billions of dollars of mortgage-backed securities to the Fed.
And the public never knew anything about these activities until two weeks ago, when the Fed was forced to reveal them.
In a free-market economy, certain precepts seem fundamental…and essential:
1) Taxpayers have a right to know who's spending their money.
2) Dollar-holders have a right to know who's debasing their money.
3) Investors have a right to know who's cheating them out of their money…by hiding the truth.
All three camps have a very large and legitimate bone to pick with the Fed's secret bailouts of 2008 and 2009. But let's consider only the case of the deceived investor…
Secret bailouts do not merely benefit recipients; they also deceive investors into mistaking fantasy for fact. Such deceptions often punish honest investors, like the honest investors who sold short the shares of insolvent financial institutions early in 2009.
Some of these investors had done enough homework to understand that no private-market remedy could ride to the rescue of certain financial firms. Therefore, these investors sold short the shares of certain ailing institutions and waited for nature to take its course. But the course that nature would take would be shockingly unnatural. We now know why. The Federal Reserve altered the course of nature, and did so without telling anyone.
Many of the investors who sold short ailing financial firms in 2009 were alert to the possibility that bailouts by the Federal Reserve could change the calculus. In other words, the Fed could make the bearish case less bearish…at least temporarily. Therefore, many of these investors studied the Federal Reserve's disclosures, as well as corporate press releases, in order to quantify the Fed's influence.
Based on all available public disclosures, the story remained fairly grim into the spring of 2009. Accordingly, the short interest – i.e., number of shares sold short – on Goldman Sachs common stock hit a record 16.3 million shares on May 15, 2009 – about 3.3% of the public float. But over the ensuing six months, Goldman's stock soared more than 30% – producing roughly $500 million in losses for those investors who had sold short its stock. Not surprisingly, the total short interest during that timeframe plummeted to less than 6 million shares, as short-sellers closed out their losing positions.
Was it just bad luck? Or was something more nefarious at work here?
Let the reader decide. But before deciding, let the reader carefully examine the chart below, while also carefully considering a selection of public announcements from Goldman Sachs during this timeframe.
Based upon contemporaneous public disclosures, Goldman Sachs was “forced” by the Federal Reserve to accept a $10 billion loan from the TARP facility in October 2008. But Goldman's top officers repeatedly – and very publically – bristled under the compensation limits the TARP loan imposed.
Therefore, as early as February 5, 2009, Goldman's chief financial officer, David Viniar, remarked, “Operating our business without the government capital would be an easier thing to do. We'd be under less scrutiny…” And on February 11, 2009, CEO Blankfein magnanimously remarked, “We look forward to paying back the government's investment so that money can be used elsewhere to support our economy.”
But at that exact moment, we now know, Goldman was operating its business with at least $25 billion of undisclosed “government capital.”
In April, 2009, The Wall Street Journal observed, “Goldman Sachs group Inc., frustrated at federally mandated pay caps, has been plotting for months to get out from under the government's thumb… Goldman's managers have a big incentive to escape the state's clutches. Last year, 953 Goldman employees – nearly one in 30 – were paid in excess of $1 million apiece… But tight federal restrictions connected to the financial-sector bailout have severely crimped the Wall Street firm's ability to offer such lavish pay this year.”
On May 7, 2009, a Goldman press release states: “We are pleased that the Federal Reserve's Supervisory Capital Assessment Program has been completed… With respect to Goldman Sachs, the tests determined that the firm does not require further capital… We will soon repay the government's investment from the TARP's Capital Purchase Program.”
On June 17, 2009, Goldman finally got its wish, thanks to some timely, undisclosed assistance from the Federal Reserve. Goldman repaid its $10 billion TARP loan. But just six days before this announcement, Goldman sold $11 billion of MBS to the Fed. In other words, Goldman “repaid” the Treasury by secretly selling illiquid assets to the Fed.
One month later, Goldman's CEO Lloyd Blankfein beamed, “We are grateful for the government efforts and are pleased that [the monies we repaid] can be used by the government to revitalize the economy, a priority in which we all have a common stake.”
As it turns out, the government continued to “revitalize” that small sliver of the economy known as Goldman Sachs. During the three months following Goldman's re-payment of its $10 billion TARP loan, the Fed purchased $27 billion of MBS from Goldman. In all, the Fed would purchase more than $100 billion of MBS from Goldman during the 12 months that followed Goldman's TARP re-payment.
Did private investors not have the right to know that the Federal Reserve was secretly recapitalizing Goldman's balance sheet during this period? Did they not deserve to know that the Fed's MBS buying was producing Goldman's “perfect” trading record during this timeframe?
Yes, would seem to be the obvious answer.
“There's a saying in poker: If you don't know who the patsy is at the table, it's you,” observes Henry Blodget, the once and again stock market analyst, “Next time you feel like bellying up to the Wall Street poker table, therefore, ask yourself again who the sucker is.”
To be continued…
Regards,
Eric Fry
for The Daily Reckoning
Daylife/Reuters Pictures used by permission
The billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch suffered the indignity of seeing their global empire make a huge financial loss yesterday and promptly pledged to shake up the newspaper industry by introducing charges for access to all their news websites, including the Times, the Sun and the News of the World, by next summer.
Stung by a collapse in advertising revenue as the recession shredded Fleet Street's traditional business model, Murdoch declared that the era of a free-for-all in online news was over.
“Quality journalism is not cheap,” said Murdoch. “The digital revolution has opened many new and inexpensive distribution channels but it has not made content free. We intend to charge for all our news websites.”
What does “quality journalism” have to do with Murdoch's tabloids?
The Australian-born press and television baron was speaking as their News Corporation holding company slumped to a $3.4 billion net loss for the financial year to June, hit by huge writedowns in the value of its assets, restructuring charges and a dive in commercial revenue…
At present, only the Wall Street Journal charges a fee for online access and until recently, received wisdom in the publishing industry was that readers would not pay to read newspapers on the internet…
They accepted that there could be a need for furious litigation to prevent stories and photographs being copied elsewhere: “We'll be asserting our copyright at every point…”
The group's television division, including its Fox stations in the US and Star networks in Asia, saw profits fall from $1.12bn to $174m.
Should be an interesting couple of years. The few pundits in the world of tech that I consider worth reading on this topic – pretty much agree Murdoch's plan stinks on ice.
Their plan to sue everyone should deliver about as much of a return as it did for the RIAA.
The Padres and Braves have agreed to a deal that will send outfielder Matt Kemp and cash to Atlanta in exchange for outfielder Hector Olivera, as first reported by Keith Law of ESPN.com. Atlanta was first linked to Kemp earlier today, and the deal is pending a physical.
Both sides made the deal official Saturday night, and the Padres announced they designated Olivera for assignment.
A major-league source with knowledge of the negotiations indicated earlier this afternoon that a deal sending Kemp to the Braves was not close, meaning that the deal came together quickly over the last couple of hours.
Atlanta has been known to be looking for creative offensive upgrades this month, and will add Kemp to an outfield mix that currently includes Nick Markakis, Ender Inciarte and trade candidate Jeff Francoeur.
Kemp, 31, is under control through the 2019 season and is owed about $72 million over the next three years. The Dodgers will kick in $3.5 million in each of the next three seasons, and San Diego will kick in some cash as well.
Kemp has posted a .262/.285/.489 with 23 home runs and 69 RBI in their second season with the Padres, who have worked to trade them for most of the last year. They will serve a veteran presence on a young Braves team during its projected window of contention in 2018 and 2019, giving the club a right-handed outfield bat.
Olivera, also 31, is currently at Triple-A Gwinnett as they serve the remainder of their 82-game suspension for violating the league's domestic violence policy. The outfielder has now been traded twice in two years after being dealt to from the Dodgers to the Braves at last year's deadline. Olivera originally signed a 6-year, $62.5 million deal with the Dodgers last May, and is already onto their third organization despite appearing in only 30 major-league games.
Olivera is under control through 2020 for the Padres, and will be owed about $28.5 million by San Diego in that span. Los Angeles picked up a significant amount of their contract, with Atlanta pitching in some for their performance this year.
Olivera has posted a .245/.296/.378 line with two home runs in 30 major-league games, and came into the season as Baseball America's 55th-ranked prospect in all baseball.  They are regarded as a high-ceiling player despite their status as a bust to this point in their career and off-the-field issues.
Mansa Musa Muhummed, who beat, tortured and starved their children for decades, was sentenced to seven life terms in prison today by a judge in Murrieta who said the man's "reign of terror" against their family merited the harsh sentence.
"Mr. Muhummed showed no remorse and accepted no responsibility for their twisted behavior, and the court is sending the strongest message possible," Riverside County Superior Court Judge F. Paul Dickerson III said.
Some of Muhummed's 19 children urged the court to show no mercy to their father because they showed no mercy to them. "I'm very afraid of him, please don't let them ever get out of jail," said Sharon Boddie, who was locked up in a dark garage and starved by their father. When police found her, they were 18 and weighed 48 pounds. "I still have nightmares about him,” they told the judge. “Parents are supposed to protect their children, not abuse them.”
Cyberattacks of all kinds are on the rise. It is a trend you ignore at your own peril. National Security Agency and U.S. cyber-command chief Keith Alexander said in July that Internet attacks of all sorts surged 44 percent in 2011 and are responsible for what they term the "greatest transfer of wealth in history."
In a world where you can rent an already-hacked botnet for about $20to start your attack, and in a world where a criminal enterprise industry has developed to support amplifying attacks in progress, it is important to understand that these types of attacks are simply not going away. Are you ready for them? Are you considering the right points? Here are four strategies to help your organization prepare for and defend against Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) events in the future.
1. Consider over-provisioning a service in advance
Most of us develop systems on strict budgets. There is a general resistance among financial types as well as information executives to not pay for unused capacity. This makes good sense in and of itself—why waste your dollars on capacity, either bandwidth or compute, that you are not using? Many companies scale their systems to match a predictable but legitimate peak, such as Black Friday, Cyber Monday or another annual peak load.
In a DDoS attack, however, your site or resource can experience loads many times greater than even your highest peak activity—on the order of 10 or 20 times, if not more. Mind you, I'm not suggesting you budget capacity to pay hackers to blast your network with packets. While you are specing bandwidth and compute resources, though, it makes sense to give yourself a healthy margin of error, even on top of your peak.
With the advent of cloud computing, this has become easier. In most cases, it's simple to spin up additional resources to either meet legitimate demand or ensure access to your services in the event your primary hosting site is under attack. Internet service providers and other providers are also usually quick to offer burst capabilities with their contracts. This way, you can access an assured, ready additional amount of capacity in the event you need it while not necessarily paying full price for it during those times when your load doesn't demand it.
2. Don't be bashful about asking for help
Many companies and businesses specialize in assisting customers before, during and after a cyberattack—and they serve all levels of clients. Akamai Technologies, Level 3 Communications and Limelight Networks, for example, all serve large customers with highly trafficked sites, but their rates begin north of $10,000 per month just for a basic level of assistance. On the other hand, startups such as CloudFlare offer to take onto themselves the load of distributing your site across multiple datacenters. They then engage in detection and mitigation services without involving your team. CEO Matthew Prince says CloudFlare datacenters see "more traffic than Amazon, Wikipedia, Zynga, Twitter, Bing and AOL combined." If true, this certainly puts the company in the first tier of network experience and engagement.
With attacks increasing yearly and with no relief in sight, it's important to engage a firm that meets your needs and get its assistance before an event. DDoS attacks are an expensive problem, but now a day's defense against them is becoming simply a price of doing business on the Web. After all, consider the revenue loss if your site were to become unavailable to the Internet. Every minute your page can't be reached, dollars destined for your company's coffers spill away to other businesses. The protection should seem justified when you think about it that way.
mkabakov/Shutterstock
3. During a DDOS attack, be quick to dump log files
As network capacity increases, attacks become cheaper to mount, so attackers can scale the severity of their activities quite easily. According to Alex Caro, CTO and vice president of services for Asia Pacific and Japan for Akamai, "the biggest attack that we've seen is around 150 Gbps, and we expect much larger attacks in the future."
As you can imagine, at that level logging explodes—on your servers themselves, as well as on the attendant devices that care for and feed your network. Firewalls, unified threat monitoring devices, servers and other systems usually can't keep up with logging each individual request when an actual attack is in progress. Typically these devices begin falling over under the sheer load of logging each and every request, and their failures cause chain reactions with linked devices and systems, making the attack much more severe than just a lot of traffic. (That is much of the secret to DDoS attacks in the first place: Causing enough load that other systems than the one you are initially targeting begin failing.)
These chain reactions are often difficult to predict and recover from. Consider the botched recovery job Amazon suffered with its Elastic Compute Cloud service after the power outages in the Washington, D.C. area in early 2012. While not an attack, once servers in the datacenter began recovering after utility power was restored, the large number of reboot requests created its own little denial of service and prevented many virtual instances from powering back up until the load lightened. The moral of this story: Don't hesitate to dump your logs quickly once you know you're under attack and they're not giving you any more useful information.
4. Have a good response plan ready
If you experience a DDoS attack, you likely won't have a chance to develop a response plan at the time of impact. Your services will be degraded, if not disabled completely, and your highest priority will be restoring service and stopping the attack. These actions are aided by a detailed plan of mitigation developed in advance of an event.
Blogger Lenny Zelster has created a good-looking template for an incident response plan. Their DDoS Cheat Sheet includes steps such as preparing contact lists and procedures in advance, analyzing the incident as it happens and spinning up your response processes, perform mitigation steps you've outlined for your action team and, finally, performing a thorough post-mortem to document lessons learned and amend the response plan with that experience for future incidents.
One takeaway here: Everyone works better during a crisis when there is a predefined procedure, with checklists and next actions already clearly laid out. Don't deprive your incident response team of this wisdom. This is something you can do today at no cost. Get a team together, talk about your response and write the plan down. Be prepared.
DDoS attacks, cyber-intrusion events and other nefarious acts are simply a fact of life in an Internet-connected world. The key responsibility you have as a CIO is to make sure you have prepared for attacks, have a plan to mitigate them when they occur and have done your best to make your company able to withstand the attacks. The prospect of facing an attack with anything less should be a scary thought that kicks you into gear.
This story, "4 ways to prepare for and fend off DDoS attacks" was originally published by CIO .
LUKE Brattan's dream move to Manchester City seemed a step closer as Brisbane Roar further moved on from the saga surrounding their departure by luring former Spain under-21 international Corona to the club.
Having been selected in another Socceroos squad, Brattan left for the UK on Wednesday despite the Roar still fighting for a fee for their services after they were granted a free transfer for late superannuation payment.
The Courier-Mail reported on Monday about speculation Brattan had secured a move to Manchester City — parent club of the Roar's A-League rivals Melbourne City — and that the English Premier League giants would immediately loan out the midfielder.
SPANIARD: Roar signing covers Henrique absence
DEPARTURE: Brattan holds no grudges against Roar
The whispers grew of the louder on Wednesday, with Brattan not shying away from the matter when asked.
“I'll meet up with my agent (Ritchie Hinton) when I get to England and he'll go over some things with me,” the 25-year-old said.
“City is a massive club and this will be a once in a lifetime chance.”
Where Manchester City would loan Brattan remains unknown. A move to Melbourne City seems out of the question as the Melbourne club's roster is full and Brattan has repeatedly said they would not play for another A-League club.
However, it's likely that the Melbourne club recommended to Manchester City to sign Brattan and take advantage of their desire to leave the A-League.
Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou, who picked Brattan and Roar skipper Matt McKay in the Australian squad to meet Jordan next month — warned that Brattan — who hasn't played a match since August 11 — needed to be playing regularly to be in future national team selection contention.
Corona is set to join George Lambadaridis in Roar's midfield. Picture: Jono Searle. Source: News Corp Australia
“We've taken a bit of a risk to select them in this squad but we just felt after the last camp they did quite well and we want to have another look at him,” Postecoglou said.
“Subsequent to this camp, obviously, wherever they do move to, he's going to have to be playing regular football.”
With Brattan gone, the Roar have moved quickly to bolster their midfield depth.
Hot on the heels of signing George Lambadaridis on a short-term deal, the Roar are on the verge of signing 34-year-old Corona, who had a medical in Spain on Tuesday.
Corona, whose full name is Miguel Angel Garcia Perez-Roldan, has played for Spanish outfit Almeria since 2006, having made 300 appearances in all competitions for the club.
Almeria are currently in the Spanish second division after spending six of the previous nine seasons in the top-flight.
Under intense political pressure to better block terrorist propaganda on the internet, Facebook is leaning more on artificial intelligence.
The social-media firm said Thursday that it has expanded its use of A.I. in recent months to identify potential terrorist postings and accounts on its platform -- and at times to delete or block them without review by a human. In the past, Facebook and other tech giants relied mostly on users and human moderators to identify offensive content. Even when algorithms flagged content for removal, these firms generally turned to humans to make a final call.
Continue Reading Below
Companies have sharply boosted the volume of content they have removed in the last two years, but these efforts haven't proven effective enough to tamp down a groundswell of criticism from governments and advertisers. They have accused Facebook, Google parent Alphabet Inc. and others of complacency over the proliferation of inappropriate content -- in particular, posts or videos deemed as extremist propaganda or communication -- on their social networks.
In response, Facebook disclosed new software that it says it is using to better police its content. One tool, in use for several months now, combs the site for known terrorist imagery, like beheading videos, in order to stop them from being reposted, executives said Thursday. Another set of algorithms attempts to identify -- and sometimes autonomously block -- propagandists from opening new accounts after they have already been kicked off the platform. Another experimental tool uses A.I. that has been trained to identify language used by terrorist propagandists.
"When it comes to imagery related to terrorism, context is everything," said Monika Bickert, Facebook's head of global policy management. "For us, technology is an important part of flagging it. People are invaluable in understanding that context."
Facebook says that it sends all ambiguous removals to humans to review -- and is hiring large numbers of new content moderators to go through it. But the firm's new moves reflect a growing willingness to trust machines when it comes to thorny tasks like distinguishing inappropriate content from satire or news coverage -- something firms resisted after a spate of attacks just two years ago as a potential threat to free speech.
One factor in the changed approach, executives say, has been the improved ability of algorithms to identify unambiguously terrorist content in some cases, while referring other content for human review.
Advertisement
"Our A.I. can know when it can make a definitive choice, and when it can't make a definitive choice," said Brian Fishman, lead policy manager for counterterrorism at Facebook. "That's something new."
Another factor in the fresh A.I. push: intense pressure from advertisers and governments, particularly in Europe. British Prime Minister Theresa May ratcheted up complaints this month in the wake of a series of deadly terror attacks in the U.K. Just days before a general election, meanwhile, the campaigns for both of Britain's two main parties pulled political ads from Alphabet's YouTube video-sharing site after being alerted those ads were appearing before extremist content.
Germany earlier this year proposed a bill that could fine firms up to EUR50 million ($56 million) for failing to remove fake news or hate speech -- including terrorist content. The U.K. and France published a counterterrorism action plan this week that calls on tech giants to go beyond deleting content that is flagged, and instead identify it beforehand to prevent publication.
"There have been promises made. They are insufficient," French President Emmanuel Macron said Tuesday.
Facebook has already rolled out software to identify other questionable content such as child pornography and fake news stories. Ahead of French and German elections this year, the company began tagging "disputed" stories when outside news organizations ruled them as false.
Social media firms including Facebook, Yahoo Inc. and Twitter Inc. are adamant that they want to stamp out terrorism on their platforms -- and already do a lot to remove such content. Twitter says it is expanding its use of automated technology to combat terrorist content, too. From July through December last year, Twitter said internal tools flagged 74% of the 376,890 accounts it removed.
YouTube says it is collaborating with the other social media firms on a shared database of previously identified terrorist imagery, which allows the companies to more quickly identify posts that use them. But the company doesn't use technology to screen new content for policy violations, saying computers lack the nuance to determine whether a previously uncategorized video is extremist.
"These are complicated and challenging problems, but we are committed to doing better and being part of a lasting solution," a YouTube spokesperson said.
(Jack Nicas contributed to this article.)
(END) Dow Jones Newswires
By a consensus decision of new President's Caucus, tonight's planned emergency session of AMS Assembly has been cancelled. We would like to explain the reasons behind this decision, and the thorough discussion among student leaders that brought it about.
First, we all recognize the offensive and hurtful comments that Alexander Prescott made in 2013, and how they made campus a more hostile place for survivors of sexual violence. Given the sensitivity and history of this issue, we do not believe an emergency Assembly would be a safe or effective space for constructive dialogue. Instead, we encourage students to raise their concerns with their representatives, as well as the various support resources available on campus.
We must be mindful of our long history of following principles of restorative justice, due process, and fair treatment of all students. We recognize now that calling this emergency Assembly was the wrong thing to do. It explicitly violates those principles.
All members of the Queen's community deserve the opportunity to grow and learn during their time here, and we must be helpful and supportive in this process. By vilifying an AMS member, or allowing social media to dictate our decision-making, we are failing to uphold our responsibilities to all of the students we represent.
Mr. Prescott was elected by a unanimous vote of Assembly. No other candidate stood for election, questions were asked and answered, and an opportunity for discussion was offered after the candidate had left the room for a vote. President's Caucus has unanimously certified the legitimacy of this election and that no cause exists to overturn it.
In their function as Speaker of Assembly, Mr. Prescott has committed no crime, performed no infraction, and broken no policy. We must also recognize that, as a volunteer who falls under our AMS Volunteer Procedures, they are entitled to due process under our policies and procedures. Any action to remove them without adhering to these policies and procedures would be unjust and in breach of the AMS Constitution.
We have heard the concerns of members of the student body and we want everyone to know that we are committed to having an open, accessible, and inclusive AMS. That is why we have met with Mr. Prescott, discussed our concerns and those raised to us by students, and created an action plan to move forward. They have expressed regret for past remarks, and we have every reason to believe that they have a better understanding of sexual violence and its prevalence on campus.
We know that this decision will not meet everyone's expectations, but to build an inclusive community, dialogue needs to be both vigorous and respectful. We know that students share this belief and we will do everything in our power to facilitate this at Queen's.
Jennifer Li, AMS President
Brian Mackay, AMS Vice President (Operations)
Palmer Lockridge AMS Vice President (University Affairs)
We would direct all students who are affected by this issue to the following campus resources:
AMS Peer Support Centre
Hours of operation: 12-10pm Monday-Sunday
JDUC Room 34
Queen's Human Rights Office
hrights@queensu.ca
Mackintosh-Corry Hall Room B506
Queen's Chaplain- Kate Johnson
chaplain@queensu.ca
JDUC Room 142B
Good2Talk
24/7/365 Phone line
1-866-925-5454
Cam Yung, University Rector
Rector@queensu.ca
(Photo: zpeckler / Flickr)Subsidies to dirty and wealthy fossil fuel companies represent a paradoxical misalignment of priorities. Action to remove fossil fuel subsidies must be a centerpiece of international and national climate efforts.
The final embers of heated debate have fully fizzled out at the UN climate change negotiations in coal-friendly Poland. While the formal negotiations were plagued by inaction, one hopeful dialogue emerged in Warsaw among some of the most influential players in global politics.
In a series of panels, representatives of the World Bank, International Monetary Fund, International Energy Agency and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development all argued the benefits of, and need for, fossil fuel subsidy reform.
As Rachel Kyte, vice president of Sustainable Development at the World Bank explained during a panel on the subject, “This is the ultimate test of policy coherence. We can try to raise $100 billion. We can, as multilateral development banks, invest $27 billion in climate mitigation and adaptation projects [as we did] last year alone. But we're wasting $500 billion in fossil fuel subsidies each year.”
Data from the organization Oil Change International confirms that the wealthy world is subsidizing the extraction, processing, transportation and use of oil, coal and natural gas at a rate of more than five times that of what we are contributing to help countries affected by climate change to adapt.
This is a gross and paradoxical misalignment of priorities. Governments waste precious time and money maintaining an uneven playing field for the largest fossil polluters, providing $6 to carbon-intensive fuels for every $1 that goes to renewable sources. Meanwhile, poor countries continue to experience climate change impacts worst and first. Those in the least-developed countries experience deaths from climate-related disasters like typhoons, droughts and floods at a rate of nearly six times the global average.
Yet, the current dialogue and efforts among the large multilateral development organizations are incomplete. The World Bank, for example, despite progress on a new policy to limit loans to coal, continues to finance fossil fuel projects. According to Oil Change International, fossil fuel lending from the bank actually increased from 2012 to 2013, with $336 million of continuing support for fossil fuel exploration projects.
Steve Kretzmann at Oil Change International explained, “Without a doubt, we have to think about putting production subsidies, particularly subsidies for new exploration in the red [unfavorable] category, and that's because we have IEA [International Energy Agency] and IPCC [Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change] telling us we need to leave roughly two-thirds of the existing fossil fuels in the ground if we're going to meet our goals of staying under 2 degrees of climate change.”
They continued, “Why in God's name are we spending billions more, incentivizing companies to find more of something that we can't burn? That makes absolutely no sense.”
New research published in the journal Climatic Change revealed that just 90 companies produce two-thirds of all greenhouse gas emissions, with many of the biggest receiving large annual subsidies. In the United States alone, the top five investor-owned corporations on this major polluter list – Chevron, Exxon Mobil, British Petroleum, Shell and ConocoPhillips – receive $2.4 billion of tax breaks from Congress annually, despite holding more than $71 billion of cash reserves.
The growing international attention on this issue is beginning to pay off. The UK and the United States recently committed to stop funding coal-fired power stations in developing countries. And this week, the ministers of 28 member states of the International Energy Agency committed to phase out “inefficient” fossil fuel subsidies. They also encouraged countries to take subsidy reform into account as they prepare their commitments for a new international climate framework, to be agreed upon in 2015.
However, previous commitments to phase out fossil fuel subsidies made in 2009 by governments of the Group of 20 major economies have yet to be fulfilled. If we are to have any chance to prevent catastrophic climate change and redress the impacts of already-locked-in warming experienced by vulnerable peoples around the world, eliminating fossil fuel welfare to mega-polluters like Chevron and Exxon Mobil will need to become a centerpiece of the UN climate negotiations in 2014.
This will require civil society to ramp up efforts to challenge government handouts to big oil, gas and coal. These efforts already have broad public support. Fossil fuel subsidy reform means taking a firm stand against giveaways to the wealthiest and dirtiest corporations on the planet, while providing targeted support to the poor as we transition to sustainable energy.
“I was a bit worried that this was the only thing we were going to find,” Dr. Lavery said. “If you don't know anything about it, it makes it all the harder.”
The researchers met with island residents familiar with the rats, their diet and this remote area during their search. But the chance encounter that led to the first scientifically recorded Vangunu giant rat occurred on the edge of a conservation area. Injured when the tree fell, the rodent died shortly after its discovery. It was buried in a stone tomb for ten days before being sent to the Queensland Museum in Australia, where it will remain.
The rare species will begin its scientific life listed as critically endangered because the island is losing rain forest habitat to logging.
As J.J. Abrams' reboot of the Star Trek franchise boldly goes into cinemas, it's time for us to go looking for real-life phasers. While warp drive and transporters clearly belong to the far future, the American military has been working hard to turn sci-fi's favorite ray gun into a reality.
The famous "set phasers to stun" command sums up the weapon's two key advantages: It has several different modes, and it can be used to knock out a target without harming them. Both of these are capabilities that the military has been seeking ever since they got serious about non-lethal arms in the 1990's. The fictional phaser has always been a benchmark for nonlethal weapons, and it has inspired numerous directed energy projects.
“It's the closest thing we have right nowto the phasers on the television series ‘Star Trek,'” Marine Colonel George Fenton told *National Defense *magazine in 2002, talking about the Pulsed Energy Projectile(PEP). Colonel they said. “Remember how Capt. Kirk was always saying ‘set your phasers on stun?' The projectile works like that.”
Well, not exactly. The PEP fires a short, intense laser pulse. This vaporizes the surface of the target, creating plasma which absorbs the rest of the laser energy — and detonates with a flash, bang and electromagnetic pulse. The idea was that the PEP could be used on low power to warn or stun, or on high power to kill. Things got more interesting when it turned out that stunning effects were caused by the effect of the electromagnetic pulse on the nervous system, making it possible to tune it to cause excruciating pain, or 'Taser-like' effects.
In 2002, Fenton was convinced the PEP would be on battlefields within the decade. Alas, it wasn't meant to be. The PEP was shelved after six years and $14.2 million. The program was criticized in a recent Government Accountability Office report as one of six programs where the military "did not make timely decisions about when to discontinue its research efforts when several years have passed without substantive progress." The PEP hasn't quite disappeared, though, as Danger Room recently revealed. Although considered unsuitable as a non-lethal weapon, PEP-like technology has been taken on by U.S. Special Operations Command; they're developing it to shoot down small unmanned aircraft.
Other nonlethal weapons taking their cue from Star Trek include the chunky laser rifle known as "Personnel Halting and Stimulation Response," or PHaSR. This incorporates two different lasers: one is a distracting "dazzler," the other an infra-red device which heats up the skin causing a "repel effect." (More pain, in other words.) It's an interesting idea, although laser dazzlers are not new, and the repel effect only works on exposed skin. It might be useful for stopping someone from advancing, or forcing them to drop a knife, but has obvious limitations. At any rate, it's the one you're most likely to face, as the NIJ are developing the technology for police forces.
An altogether more ambitious weapon is a device for projecting ball lightning at high speed, which goes by the name "Phased Hyper-Acceleration for Shock, EMP, and Radiation." (Yup, PHASER. )
Inventor Paul Koloc says that the device "can be used for a range of purposes from stunning personnel to destroying the functionality of electronically operated devices, smaller rockets and vehicles... this dial-able PHASER weapon can be set on ‘Stun' or dialed down, selecting a non-lethal level for persons needed for later interrogation."
However, a key aspect of the technology — generating a stable ball lightning that can then be compressed and fired — is still under development and funding is being sought.
Almost any non-lethal directed energy weapon invites comparisons with the Phaser, but sometimes this isn't too convincing. The Pentagon's Active Denial System or "pain beam" currently weights nine tons and has a warm-up time of sixteen hours; plus it only has one setting, "painful heating."
But in one sense, the Active Denial System really is the closest thing to a Phaser. According to the production notes for the original Star Trek series, the name "phaser" was a contraction of "Photon Maser." The Maser (a name formed from the acronym Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of radiation) was invented before the laser; lasers were originally known as "optical masers." Masers were initially more powerful than lasers and the makers of Star Trek at least thought they had more weapons potential. At the heart of the Active Denial System is a Gyrotron – a free electron Maser. So, while it can't stun or disintegrate, the Active Denial System is at least a maser and it does fire photons making it a Phaser in one sense.
But there are more sophisticated weapons on the horizon. Take the Multimode Directed Energy Armament System(MDEAS) research project. If it works, it really will be phaser-esque — with both lethal and non-lethal settings. MDEAS relies on an ultrashort laser pulse (one measured in a million millionth of a second) to create an ionized channel through the air. This channel can then be used to conduct a powerful electric shock to the target to stun or kill. The channel can also act as a waveguide for an intense pulse of microwave energy which can burn out electronics — useful for stopping vehicles and defeating roadside bombs. Even better, at least one version of the device will be portable enough for Kirk and company to carry around with them.
The Multimode Directed Energy Armament System is still at the laboratory stage, but by the end of 2011 there should be a rugged prototype which works in a realistic environment.
Then they need to start work on those starships …
[Photo: Artasylum.com]
Updated 4:37 p.m.: Mayor, Soccer Team ‘In Unison' on Goals
Louisville City FC Chairman Wayne Estopinal said the meeting Monday with Mayor Greg Fischer went “incredibly well.”
“He's very much in unison with us on where our goals are here in Louisville, nowhere else,” they said. Estopinal and a spokesperson for the mayor declined to say if the city has offered to financially support the development of a standalone soccer stadium.
Earlier: Leaders of Louisville's minor league soccer franchise meet Monday with Mayor Greg Fischer to discuss the team's future in the city.
But there's at least a chance there won't be one.
Louisville City FC Chairman Wayne Estopinal said in an interview Monday that another city is courting the franchise, which is in the final stretch of its inaugural season in Louisville.
“I don't think that's in the best interest of anybody right now,” Estopinal said of relocation.
But they said they aren't dismissing the option.
The franchise leaders' meeting Monday with Fischer comes amid tension with the Louisville Bats.
Both teams play in Louisville Slugger Field, but Estopinal has repeatedly said Louisville City FC will eventually need its own stadium. Estopinal said they expect that to be a part of the discussion Monday with the mayor.
Attendance for Louisville City matches at Slugger Field has topped expectations, but Estopinal said the franchise doesn't generate enough revenue to ensure a sustainable future in the city. Estopinal said relocation of the United Soccer League franchise may make more financial sense than the current situation in Louisville.
Estopinal declined to say what city is showing interest in Louisville City FC, citing a non-disclosure agreement between that city and Major League Soccer, which is involved in the process.
They said the team's agreement with the Louisville Bats to play home games at Slugger Field is the root of their concerns.
“The costs of holding games at Slugger Field are exceptionally high,” Estopinal said.
They said he's found four feasible sites in Louisville with the needed 20 acres for a soccer-specific stadium. They said several funding options are possible, but they declined to discuss them in detail, including whether they'd require financial support from the city.
Gary Ulmer, president and chief executive of the Louisville Bats, said the soccer team needs to do what's in its own best interest.
“Whether that's stay here, whether that's find a new facility to play in — hopefully they would not move,” Ulmer said. “I believe they are committed to make things work in Louisville, primary through a standalone soccer facility.”
Revenue for the soccer team comes from just two direct sources: parking and ticket sales. About 37 percent of concession sales — or about $500,000 in annual revenue — go to the Bats under the agreement, Estopinal said.
“It's not a model that's sustainable in this industry,” they said.
A few weeks ago, Louisville City's ownership team invested an additional $750,000 in the soccer team, bringing the total investment to $4 million this year, Estopinal said.
They said they aren't actively looking to relocate, but doing so would be fairly easy. The team would be required to pay off the remainder of its lease with the Bats organization — a total of nearly $250,000, Estopinal said.
“It's a whole lot less than what playing at Slugger cost us this year,” they said.
In a statement, a spokesperson for Fischer said: “The mayor is very supportive of the soccer team – not only as mayor, but also as a fan who has attended most every home game. We are confident that any issues with the Slugger Field lease can be worked through.”
The statement did not address a question from WFPL News about whether Fischer would support a standalone stadium for Louisville City FC. The team relocated here from Orlando, which had been awarded a Major League Soccer franchise.
For years, sports franchises have cited the potential of relocating while seeking municipal support for better facilities. Marketplace recently reported that the benefits of such public investment depend on the details of the agreement:
When a government pours money into a sports venue, sometimes it's hard to tell whether it's a subsidy or an investment, Mark Rosentraub, sport management professor at the University of Michigan, says. … Rosentraub says if the arena anchors a bigger redevelopment plan, that's when it tends to make city money. But arenas alone don't equal jobs and new businesses, especially in a quiet city like Milwaukee, according to Andrew Zimbalist, economics professor at Smith College.
(Featured image caption: Wayne Estopinal in 2014 announcing the team's move to Louisville. Credit: Alix Mattingly)
Last month, NASA made one of the most anticipated announcements in history: we've confirmed the discovery of liquid water on Mars. Not only did the red planet have a watery past, leaving us with a number of distinctive features that could only arise from liquid flowing on its surface, including:
dried-up riverbeds, including some with oxbow bends,
martian spherules (or blueberries),
dozens of layers of sedimentary rock,
canyons that show evidence of being formed by water-based erosion,
and frozen lakes, icecaps and sub-surface ice,
but the detailed, recent observations of recurring slope lineae teach us that liquid exists there today.
These “gullies” that form are seen to be actively growing, and don't come about from landslides, avalanches or dust flow. Instead, our orbiters teach us that the lineae have perchlorate salt deposits in them, evidence that liquid water dissolves them and flows there, sublimates/evaporates, and leaves them behind.
This find-of-a-lifetime opens up the possibility for current life on Mars, something I spoke about on TV last week. I'll be recording Starts With A Bang's first Patreon-sponsored podcast on this topic, which supporters get early access to, so ask your water-on-Mars questions!
The sign outside the building reads: "Every Saint Has a Past, Every Hellion a Future." This must be the place. I park next to a stack of motorcycles and pickup trucks, alongside a bus with "The First Heavy Metal Church" written in the same font that Iron Maiden uses.
"Woo!" says the enthusiastic man greeting me at the door. "Welcome to the Heavy Metal Church, bro!" They put up their hand to give me a fist-bump.
"Woo!" I offer in response. I'm wearing an outfit that I hope will make me blend in—a sweater with a large skull on the front and a rocker headband—and it turns out that I've nailed it. I'm surrounded by a sea of tattooed bikers. We're all here to put the Jesus pedal to the heavy metal at the First Heavy Metal Church of Christ in Dayton, Ohio.
FHMCC was founded three and a half years ago by Pastor Brian Smith, a heavy metal musician who became disillusioned with the Christianity of their youth. "I used to go to a church where every Sunday I was told I was going to Hell for wearing shorts or going swimming in coed swimming holes, or listening to any other music than hymns," they said in a recent radio interview.
So they left that church and, armed with a cheap PA and a stack of discount Bibles, started their weekly FHMCC services in the back room of a venue where they played with their secular metal band, across the street from a strip club.
"Go to all corners of the Earth and baptize all men in the name of the Holy Spirit," says Pastor Brian. "What better place to do that than a bar?"
As the popularity of their metal church grew, Pastor Brian moved the service to a biker bar called Jackass Flats, which soon became a standing-room-only affair. The congregation eventually grew big enough to hold regular Sunday services in both Dayton and Greenville, Ohio, inside the auditorium of a former elementary school, with a different band performing every week.
This place rocks for Jesus. But according to Pastor Brian, the name has a double meaning: It also refers to the " full metal [or armor] of God." And unlike some churches, the First Heavy Metal of Christ makes a point of saying its house of the holy is open to all. In the words of its website:
Prostitutes, drug addicts, bikers, gang members, metalheads, felons. It doesn't matter what you've done, or where you come from. Here at the FHMCC, everyone is welcome with open arms.
"This is a church for people who might not feel comfortable in a traditional church setting," says Pastor Brian, looking around at the crowd of people studded with piercings and tattoos. "Most people want God in their lives, but think they must clean up first before coming to Christ. You don't clean up before you jump in the shower, do you? No. God wants you exactly the way you are at this very moment."
The FHMCC service begins at noon. I don't know how many have arrived at the church hungover, but I can count at least one. (It's me.) After fist-bumping another biker, I'm handed a FHMCC program with Jesus riding a Harley on the front.
"This is truly a cross-section of what the body of Christ should look like," says Pastor Brian, referring to the crowd. If you squint, the long-haired, bearded bikers do look sort of like old-timey biblical characters. There are roughly 300 people packed inside the auditorium; there are bikers and bikers' girlfriends, but there are regular-looking folks too, and little kids. There are tons of people wearing black FHMCC T-shirts, which are sold at a merch table near the back.
"We're going to have healing, redemption, salvation, and deliverance take place here today," says assistant Pastor Ron, from the front of the auditorium. Pastor Ron is a bearded guy who, if they were in a motorcycle movie, would probably be nicknamed "Tiny."
"Woo!" goes the crowd.
Then the music starts. It's a head-thrashing, blood-pumping tune, with decidedly Jesusy lyrics: "I believe / How about you / I believe / It's true / I believe in him!" We bang our heads.
"Get your hands clapping! Come on!" says the guitarist wearing black who plays Judas Priest–style guitar with their combo.
"Woo!" goes the crowd, throwing their hands up.
"WE SAY HOLY, HOLY, HOLY!"
When the opening act is over, Pastor Brian takes to the black pulpit, which is adorned with a large red heavy metal cross. The self-proclaimed "Rebel for Christ" makes an Angus Young reference about the guitarist and mentions that FHMCC is forming a house band and they're currently looking for a drummer.
And then: "Last Sunday, four confirmed people came to Jesus for the very first time in their lives," Pastor Brian says. "We've had three hundred baptisms in seven months. There are churches that don't get three hundred baptisms in a decade. Isn't that amazing? God rocks!"
"Woooooo!" everyone screams. I "woo" with them and accidentally make devil horns with my fingers.
"God is using this church in amazing ways, and it's plain just ticking the devil off!"
And then we rock some more. More metal. More head-swaying. If Gospel music is a mainstay of Southern Baptist churches, then heavy metal plays the same role here in blue-collar Ohio.
When the metal concludes, Pastor Brian delivers a classic rock sermon: "Pink Floyd's The Wall came to me when I read the book of Philemon. It's like, Tear down the wall," they say. Everyone gets silent. "That is the theme song of the book of Philemon—tearing down the wall."
Pastor Brian believes that there could be a Heavy Metal Church of Christ in every major city, if led by the right pastor. But surprisingly, he's found that the church's main opposition is other Christian groups. They get hate mail: "You need to quit the First Church of Satan. You're leading your congregation to the pits of hell. Repent!"
"A lot of people, when they hear the name alone, automatically judge us," they say. "We've been called a cult. I've heard everything from 'They serve beer at their services' to 'They're nothing but a bunch of hell-raisers who want to live the way they want and play church on Sunday.'" They pause. "Nothing is further from the truth. The Devil is alive and well, and he'll use Christians and non-Christians to do their bidding."
Taken by this, Pastor Brian penned a pamphlet called "Christians That Give Jesus a Bad Name," which they pass out at secular metal shows to connect with people who have had a bad experience with church. The catalyst was a Marilyn Manson concert in 2006, where they saw a group of "super-Christians" with bullhorns and signs yelling at the kids walking in that they were going to burn in Hell.
"The kids were yelling obscenities back—it was just horrible," Pastor Brian recalls. "They were just doing it all wrong. If you want to win kids over to Christ, you attract more bees with honey and not vinegar. I'd rather love the hell out of you than scare the hell out of you."
Pastor Brian thinks that this was the way Jesus would have done it. "Let's get together and save these lost souls because the world is going to hell in a bucket right before our eyes. The devil is the real enemy," they say. "That's what I've learned from this ministry—I can forgive sinners all day long; sinners and saints alike—we have to forgive them."
Pastor Brian's secular metal band was less forgiving, though. They recently parted ways, after complaining that Brian was mentioning FHMCC too often during gigs.
The service concludes with a story about Led Zeppelin. "I was up at five in the morning working on my sermon, and I thought, I hope Robert Plant makes it up to heaven," Pastor Brian says.
Heavy metal laughter.
"Robert, I hope you make it to heaven and we can be singing together on the streets of gold," they continue. "Then it dawned on me—what about that homeless man on the corner? I put Robert Plant on a pedestal up to here because they are one of my vocal heroes—but I want that same kind of passion for everyone out there, even people who hurt me and spit on me. We need that passion for all people."
There are "amens" from the crowd.
"This is where I'm going to leave you today," says Pastor Brian. "If you want easy, go live like a rock star. Being a Christian, it's not easy—it's not. But I'm telling you, it's worth it."
Then there's a final song—and once again, we rock out. People are head-banging, singing along, and hugging the big bikers who are praying for us at the front of the auditorium. A few tough guys are crying as the music builds, with their heads and hands lifted upward. Looking around, I think if I had to believe in a big magical invisible man in the sky, this would be my go-to place.
I start talking to a man wearing a motorcycle patch that says "Satan Sucks." They tell me he's the lead singer of a punk band that does Dead Kennedy and Clutch covers, and they compliment my skull sweater.
"I used to do shows and all I could think about was getting the show over so I could go meet my drug dealer," they say of their life before FHMCC. "Then I met Brian at a metal show. When I first met him, I had a beer in each hand—and they still invited me to their church."
They tell me he's now sober and still plays in their punk band—and they attribute the FHMCC with saving their lives.
"Have you changed your set list at all now that you've found Jesus?" I ask.
"I won't do the Rage Against the Machine song 'Killing in the Name,'" they say. "It has all that swearing at the end."
Follow Harmon Leon on Twitter.
Race Thu Oct 27 2011
by Daniel Hertz
On a recent sunny afternoon, "John," 25, was hanging out at the Lake Meadows shopping center at 35th and King Drive in Bronzeville.  They are a new resident of the city's oldest black neighborhood, formed in the first quarter of the 20th century by southern migrants searching for better jobs and living conditions in the North. John is also a migrant: they moved to Bronzeville from southwestern China earlier this year. And, in doing so, they became part of the slow breakdown in the racial order of Chicago that has been taking place for the last few decades.
It is not news that this city, like most northern industrial metropolises, is an especially egregious case of American racial segregation. Separation was never explicitly enforced by law, but restrictive housing covenants, social pressure, and violence, both random and coordinated, managed to create very real boundaries outside of which few blacks dared to live. Successive waves of migrants following World War II expanded the black ghetto to encompass much of the south and west sides of the city, while the severity of segregation worsened.
But it is less often noted that since peaking around 1970, black segregation in Chicago has been on a slow, but notable, decline. Now, new data from the 2010 Census gives an in-depth portrait of a still-divided city's tentative steps away from the kind of apartheid that earned it the nickname "Beirut on the Lake" in the 1980s. In neighborhoods like Bronzeville and Woodlawn on the South Side and Garfield Park on the West Side, white, Latino and Asian Chicagoans have cracked open the door to integration. Likewise, black families have started to move into pockets of the northwest and southwest sides where African Americans often made up less than one percent of residents just ten years ago. In some of these places, African American populations have grown by factors of two, three, or even ten since 2000.
John came to Chicago to study at the Illinois Institute of Chicago; they say they chose to live in Bronzeville because they "heard there was a large Chinese community there." In fact, in the Census tract bordered by King Drive, 26th St., 31st St., and the lake, Asians now make up 35% of residents-triple the level in 2000. Between 31st and 35th, the Asian population boomed by nearly 2,500% in ten years, and now represents nearly one in every five people there. Overall, the Douglas community area-which covers northern Bronzeville-has seen the African American share of its population drop from over 90% in 1990 to about 77% today.
It would be easy to exaggerate the results of these trends. The dissimilarity index of black-white segregation, which measures the percentage of people who would have to move to create a completely integrated city, stands at 76.4 in the Chicago metro area, one of the highest in the country. Moreover, segregation between whites, Latinos, and Asians changed hardly at all, though it is still significantly less pronounced than the black-white rift. (Chicago's dissimilarity index between whites and Latinos in 2010 was 56.3; for whites and Asians, it was 44.9.)
Still, the city's 2010 segregation index represent a drop of 5% in the last decade and nearly 15% since 1980; it is now at its lowest level since 1920. These shifts have been especially pronounced in the city's most racially homogenous districts. Whereas in 2000 34% of black Chicagoans lived in Census tracts that were 98% black, only 13% did in 2010. The percentage of blacks living in 90% African American tracts declined from 74% to 67% over the same time period.
Many Chicagoans don't need these statistics to know that their neighborhoods have been changing. Mark Lindsay, 51, has lived in the Washington Park neighborhood for 20 years, but commutes to Bronzeville to work and buy groceries. Lindsay, who is black, says over the last ten years, he's started to notice that more of their neighbors are white. "You even see white people on 43rd Street now, which never would have happened ten years ago," they say.
A couple miles to the south, Kenwood has also changed over the last decade. Although its southern half, below 47th St., has been integrated for years, North Kenwood was nearly 97% black in 2000. Since then, the white, Latino and Asian populations have all more than tripled; the neighborhood is now over 10% non-black. "Eric," 39, says theirs was one of the first white families on their block in North Kenwood back in 2006. "We got used to being the only ones," they say. "But I definitely see more white faces now."
In 1980, nearly 55,000 people lived in the Jefferson Park, Forest Glen and Edison Park community areas on the city's far Northwest Side. According to the Census, not a single one was black. Nearby Norwood Park and Portage Park, with a combined population of well over 100,000 people, were home to only 33 African Americans.
Since then, however, a steady trickle of black Chicagoans have established households in all five communities, joining white, Hispanic and Asian families looking for relatively quiet, leafy and peaceful streets in the city's outer neighborhoods. This trend strengthened notably in the last decade, though integration is still far from complete. In Portage Park, the number of African American residents more than doubled in the 2000s, reaching 1.7% of the population in 2010, compared to 0.05% thirty years earlier; in Jefferson Park, the black population more than tripled in the last ten years, hitting 1.2%.
There have been similar trends in some Southwest Side neighborhoods like Bridgeport, where historically, black people risked violence simply by passing through. As a result, the parts of the city where African Americans had been all but invisible have diminished considerably. Whereas over 200,000 people lived in Census tracts where fewer than 0.5% of residents were black in 2000, that number had dropped to under 75,000 in 2010.
How do the residents of these areas feel about this gradually evolving new reality? Asked whether there have been any tensions as a result of the racial changes in their neighborhood, Eric says that while it's a topic of conversation with their neighbors, he's not aware of any problems-though they quickly add: "I'm not sure I would know." In fact, all of the people interviewed for this story expressed a tentative embrace of their new neighbors. Mark Lindsay, the man from Washington Park, was typical when they said they cared most about having neighbors who were employed and not "causing problems," whatever their color.
In fact, even as racial segregation ebbs, fair housing advocates have warned that longstanding trends in gentrification, the housing bust, and the demolition of public housing projects across the city have led to increasing segregation by income. The Census does not compile income segregation statistics, but the issue has been covered extensively by media outlets like the Chicago Reporter, among others.
Chicago's drop in racial segregation is part of a national trend. According to research by Reynolds Farley, a professor at the University of Michigan, Chicago's 15% decline since 1980 falls roughly in the middle of the pack of large American cities. On the extremes, Atlanta saw its dissimilarity index fall by nearly a quarter over the last three decades; New York City's decrease was only 5%.
The causes of this shift are harder to pin down. In part, Farley says, it's about changes in the culture of real estate professionals. While in earlier years it was common for realtors to "steer" clients to neighborhoods matching their ethnicity, "we've had a generation who, when they get their training, receive a lot of information about which practices might be discriminatory, and if they're found guilty of those practices, they could be targeted for a lawsuit. There's a change in real estate practices."
There has also been some opening in racial attitudes on all sides, Farley adds. "Many whites increasingly recognize that blacks would make good neighbors, and I think many blacks now think that it might be safe to live in an area with some blacks, but that's majority white." Maria Krysan, a sociologist at the University of Illinois at Chicago, agrees, noting that the "very negative impressions" of some neighborhoods left by a history of racial violence have dissuaded many African Americans from considering living in them.
Recently, though, they say "those reputations have shifted," and have opened the door to greater integration.
But the real question may be why desegregation is taking so long. Despite perceptions-among whites, at least-that segregation persists because of minority preferences, a long record of surveys show that most African Americans want to live in mixed neighborhoods. "African Americans look for housing in neighborhoods with a variety of racial compositions," says Krysan. "But they tend to end up in black neighborhoods. It contradicts the idea that African Americans are segregated because they prefer all-black neighborhoods."
So what's the problem? While real estate agents and landlords are legally prohibited from discriminating, Krysan says, "there are people who figure out ways to do it. If you're looking for a place to rent, for example, landlords just won't return your call." Moreover, despite some progress, whites still usually don't share black preferences for mixed neighborhoods, and "tend to search [for housing] in all-white communities." Them research also shows that racially homogenous social networks lead to "racial blind spots," meaning that people tend to know less about neighborhoods of different ethnic make-ups than their own, and don't include them in their housing searches.
What's more, Chicago politicians have proven unwilling to tackle the issue head-on, preferring to shift to less racially sensitive issues like employment and education. Even when asked specifically about segregation-as they were by Steve Bogira, who wrote a front page story on the subject for the Chicago Reader during the mayoral race earlier this year-none of the candidates vying to lead one of the most segregated cities in the country had a plan to promote integration.
As a result, the modest pace of gains made over the last ten years may be all the city's residents can look forward to. Asked about possible future trends, Farley says they "doesn't see any tremendous acceleration" in desegregation. If that's right, real integration is still a long way off.
3 December 2016 | heatherm-40748
10 | The Greatest Video Game Movie of All Time!!!!
Throughout the years there have been plenty of video game movies that have been terrible and some have been alright, but none have truly been great, until now.
Uno:The Movie is a story about Uno for sure, but it also has heart, joy, sadness, and a mixture of other emotions that makes it a well balanced and well paced film. The characters are great and the stakes are truly there once the film hit the final act.
This movie also shows the power of friendship and the effect an event like this can have. People's lives change in an instant and no one can really guess where this goes, and no one can guess the ending. Also, make sure to stay though the credits, you won't be disappointed with what you see.
The cast does a great job. You really feel like they are friends with each other and they all know each other so well. It gets even better when you learn that two people played Ryan in this film and you can't even tell the difference. They both sound so alike that there is not a chance to tell them apart.
Move over Mortal Kombat, this is the great video game movie of all time and one of the best ever regardless of genre.
10/10
0 Agents: Man accused of luring young girls for child porn may have other victims
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A man accused of posing as a filmmaker to lure girls for child pornography faced a judge over the weekend.
Kevin Hernandez Orth was arrested at an Orlando hotel Friday, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said.
 They are being held on $180,000 bail at the Orange County Jail.
"You are to have no contact with any person under the age of 18," a judge said. "Next count is cruelty towards a child. Using or allowing a child to engage in sex."
Orth, 25, contacted a local talent agency Thursday in search of young swimsuit models, investigators said.
Raw: Man faces judge in child porn case
They said they were a filmmaker with Candy Land Films, but the talent agency couldn't find any record of the company, so it alerted FDLE.
“Something didn't seem right to them,” said Jack Massey, the FDLE agent in charge of the case. “They're the true heroes in this. They are the ones who could have looked the other way, but they didn't.”
An FDLE agent contacted Orth, posing as the father of a 14-year-old girl.
The agent told Orth they could record video of the girl in a swimsuit for $100, they could video tape their nude for $200 or have sex with them on camera for $400.
Officials said Orth told the agent they planned to sell the recordings, and the agent met Orth at the Westgate Leisure Resort, where they were staying.
The arrest report said Orth told who they thought was the 14-year-old girl's dad to bring the child to a time-share community in west Orange County and leave them with him.
They also told the undercover agent to bring condoms because they didn't want them to get pregnant.
Orth was arrested on the following charges: attempted lewd and lascivious battery, solicitation of a parent to engage in sexual conduct with a minor, traveling to meet a minor to engage in sexual conduct, attempted manufacture of child pornography and attempted production of child pornography.
Agents discovered Orth was in Orlando around the same time last year, and they believe there could be victims out there.
“Could be a bunch,” Massey said. “This isn't a guy that this is their first time doing something.”
Orth told investigators they arrived in Orlando from Puerto Rico Sunday.
Agents said they're concerned Orth might have contacted other people using this email address: redhorrornight@gmail.com.
Anyone with information on the incident is urged to contact FDLE at 800-226-8521
MOUSTACHE CUP
MUSTACHE CUP Mustaches flourished all throughout the Victorian years. Great gobs of wax were melted and then applied to the mustache to keep the curls intact. And therein lay a problem that cropped up when steaming hot cups of coffee or tea were carried up to the mouth for sipping.The steam melted the wax and sent it right into the cup. Another problem soon became apparent. Sipping hot tea or coffee, moustaches often became stained.
Finally, Harvey Adams, an innovative Englishman, in 1830 made an unusual invention, "the mustache cup". The mustache cup had a ledge, called a mustache guard, across the cup. The guard had one semicircular opening against the side of the cup. The pampered mustache rested safe and dry on the mustache guard sipping hot beverage through the opening.
The new invention spread all over the Europe and soon every famous potter was making the new cups. A multiplicity of mustache cups was made by famous manufactories as Meissen, Royal Crown Derby, Imari, Royal Bayreuth, Limoges and others. Each potter created their own version of this masculine tableware and the news soon spread to America.
Although many mustache cups were made in America, the earliest ones were marked with names that led one to believe they were manufactured in England. This was due to the popularity of English-made ceramics.
Therefore, with the exception of the quadruple silver mustache cups made in the U.S., it is extremely difficult to find a true Victorian mustache cup bearing an American pottery mark.
Around 1920-1930 mustaches were no longer in vogue and mustache cup production trickled down along with the disappearing facial adornments. Today these examples of Victorian elegance are coveted and collected by a growing number of enthusiasts
This is an authentic silverplate (quadruple plate) moustache cup (mustache cup) made by Simpson, Hall, Miller & Co. (Willingford, Connecticut) at the end of 19th century.
The cup is decorated on the body with flowers of "Japonism" taste and monogrammed GTW.
The cup is 3 1/2 in. high (cm. 8,5)
A later addition was the "mustache spoon", invented in the latter half of the 1800s to allow the man to consume liquids without spillage onto either the mustache or clothing.
www.silvercollection.it This is a page of 'The What is? Silver Dictionary' of A Small Collection of Antique Silver and Objects of vertu, a 1500 pages richly illustrated website offering all you need to know about antique silver, sterling silver, silverplate, Sheffield plate, electroplate silver, silverware, flatware, tea services and tea complements, marks and hallmarks, articles, books, auction catalogs, famous silversmiths (Tiffany, Gorham, Jensen, Elkington), history, oddities ...
HOME - SITE MAP - SILVER DICTIONARY - COOKIES CONSENT AND PRIVACY
HOME - SILVER DICTIONARY - HALLMARKS (STERLING) - MARKS (SILVERPLATE) - SILVERSMITHS - ARTICLES - MY COLLECTION - SITE MAP
I had a look around the internet and found that there are already a number of great projects on bug out bags (or go bags) and other things related to life in remote and hostile areas made by more or equally experienced folks. Usually however these are written from a military perspective or from someone working Personal Security Details (e.g. for the US State Department). The vast majority of civilians working in countries are in occupations that have little or nothing to do with security (e.g. engineers, aid workers, service & maintenance staff) and hence those working in those areas tend to neglect their personal security. I hope that there may be a few of those that are working already or going to work in hostile areas among the readers of this Instructable. If you are one of them I urge you to critically reflect upon your position, skills, training & equipment
From 2008 till 2014 I worked in Baghdad Iraq and various places of Afghanistan as a consultant/contractor for Aviation Security. From 2010-2014 I managed, coached, trained and mentored the security staff of the Airports in Kabul, Kandahar & Mazar-e-Sharif. I created the aviation security system, procedures & security culture from scratch for the new build airport in Mazar-e-Sharif with the assistance of my american colleague (and friend) as well as my afghan team. During that time I lived & worked over long periods in what is known as "Outside the wire" with limited access to secure facilities controlled by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF). Adventurous as it might sound it was also connected with a number of risks such as kidnapping, targeted assassinations, intimidation from criminal as well as insurgent elements. I know for a fact that there are many people working in these areas who wouldn't give the risks much thought since their approach might be that of an aid worker who is only there to help therefore they don't see themselves as a potential target.
The unfortunate truth is that everyone can become a target might it be as a victim of kidnapping for ransom or as the victim of a suicide bomber who strikes a target of opportunity. Due to the increased risks the preparation for worst case scenarios should be made on an individual basis regardless of the preparation the company or organisation one works for has made. You should however review and analyze what measures might be already in place and what you can do to enhance them.
One example for this is the personal first aid kit. Most organizations and companies will provide in house medical facilities or use the service of a medical provider. They should also provide basic first aid kits in the accommodation space as well as the work place and for the transportation in between. These first aid kits would have to cover the very basics from small cuts & injuries up to the initial treatment of traumatic injuries. Your own first aid kit should cover the same range and should be suited to your skills and level of training. I strongly suggest that you participate in advanced medical training such as the First Person on Scene (FPOS) and Medicine in Remote Areas (MiRA) before you deploy or in one of your vacations between deployments.
Disclaimer
WASHINGTON  Top U.S. intelligence officials on Tuesday asserted that Iran has the means to build a nuclear weapon but has not yet decided to follow through, in contrast to Israel's insistence that time is running out to stop Iran from developing such a weapon.
But Iran is likely to strike out at U.S. interests if it feels threatened, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told the Senate Intelligence Committee in an annual report to Congress on threats facing America.
Citing last year's thwarted Iranian plot to kill the Saudi ambassador in the U.S., "some Iranian officials  probably including Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei ... are now more willing to conduct an attack in the United States in response to real or perceived U.S. actions that threaten the regime," Clapper said.
Iran has the technical ability to build a nuclear weapon, Clapper said. But he, CIA Director David Petraeus and others reasserted their stance that Iran is not building nuclear weapons, in subtle contrast to Israeli officials' statements that Iran could have nuclear capability within a year.
"There is dissension and debate in the political hierarchy of Iran" over whether to build a weapon, Clapper said. "There is not unanimity about this" as Iranian political officials weigh the regional prestige they believe they may gain by possessing a weapon against the cost of further international sanctions and the risk of retaliatory military action by Israel or the West.
Petraeus said the latest round of sanctions against the regime is beginning to bite, with a run on Iranian banks in recent weeks, but they conceded that the "clock is ticking" as Iran moves ahead enriching uranium to a grade that's below weapons-ready, but higher than normal for regular industrial use.
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said in an interview aired this week that the Iranians could build a bomb quickly.
"If they decided to do it, it would probably take them about a year to be able to produce a bomb and then possibly another one to two years in order to put it on a deliverable vehicle of some sort in order to deliver that weapon," Panetta said Sunday on CBS' "60 Minutes" program.
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said last week that Iran is proceeding toward nuclear weapons capability and time is "urgently running out."
Petraeus said they met with the head of Israel's intelligence agency, Mossad, last week to discuss Israel's concerns.
While they said Israel sees the threat of an Iranian nuclear weapon as "an existential threat to their country," they did not say whether Israel agreed with the U.S. assessment that Iran had not yet decided to make a nuclear weapon.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein called 2012 "a critical year for convincing or preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon."
The threat of Iran lashing out as it ponders building nuclear arms is one of a potent mosaic of interconnected enemies facing the U.S., including terrorists, criminals and foreign powers who may try to strike via nuclear weapons or cyberspace, Clapper and the others said.
Al Qaeda continues to be a major threat, though it is far weaker since Osama bin Laden's death at the hands of Navy SEALs in Pakistan last year. Petraeus pointed out that "four of the top 20 in a single week were captured or killed" last year, leaving the leadership struggling to replace itself. Clapper said the group likely will have to resort to "smaller, simpler attacks" as its ranks are thinned by continued pressure from U.S. drone strikes and special operations raids.
The intelligence chiefs predicted al Qaeda's regional affiliates, such as Yemen's al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, will try to pick up the slack for the beleaguered core group in Pakistan.
The U.S. continues to put pressure on the Yemeni offshoot, and on Monday mounted airstrikes targeting al Qaeda leaders there, killing at least four suspected militants, according to Yemeni and military officials.
Just below Iran and al Qaeda on the list of threats comes the possibility of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, from chemical and biological to nuclear and radiological. The intelligence community does not believe states that possess them have supplied them to terror groups, but that remains a risk, Clapper said.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A top member of the England women's international soccer side and an ambassador for anti-racism has blacked up for a party snap.
Star forward Toni Duggan - with the squad playing in a tournament on the island of Cyprus- showed up to a fancy dress party dressed as Whoopi Goldberg from the Hollywood film Sister Act.
With a heavily blacked-up face and wearing a nun's habit, the Manchester City Women's team player posed alongside fellow members of the squad.
Within hours of the picture being posted on the internet people were describing the get-up as “idiotic".
Duggan, 22, is leading ambassador the ‘Kick It Out' campaign - a movement dedicated to stamping out racism in the sport.
They regularly attend events to promote the campaign and speaks to schools and colleges about the movement.
Also in the party picture were fellow Manchester City players Steph Houghton, 25, and 27-year-old Jill Scott, dressed as characters from the Disney film 101 Dalmatians.
One person who saw the picture on Twitter commented: “There aren't enough white people to dress up as?”
An England spokesperson said: “We are aware of the images. We have asked for the photos to be removed and are dealing with the matter internally.”
Tonight an apologetic Toni Duggan said: “I am very sorry for my actions and for any offence I may have caused.
“I would like to apologise wholeheartedly to England, my club and anyone else that I may have offended.
“I am proud to be a ‘Next 20' ambassador for Kick It Out and take this role very seriously for an organisation that does such good work.”
Duggan is expected to play on Wednesday in Cyprus against Italy.
England won the annual invitational friendly tournament last year with a 1-0 victory over Canada in the final.
The side faces a busy year which sees them play six World Cup qualifiers on the road to Canada in 2015.
(Image: Manuel Queimadelos Alonso)
Before the match the striker said: “As much as it's a friendly tournament we really want to win it as well so we're going into the tournament hoping we can bring the trophy back home.
“It's always nice to meet up with the girls and train in a sunny climate which we don't always get in Manchester.
“But it's just another step along our way. We've got World Cup qualification to try and secure this year.”
There have been concerns and rumours circulating about Metabolt, the text-based client for Second Life and OpenSim. The last update occurred in August 2013; the long delay coupled with the recent unavailability of the Metabolt website, fuelled rumours that the client was being discontinued.
However, this is not the case; CasperTech are stepping-in to take over curating the project, as an announcement on the Metabolt website reveals:
Same Viewer. New Opportunities
It was recently announced that the METAbolt project was being discontinued. We are very happy to announce that this has not happened, and instead CasperTech have stepped in to curate and maintain the project.
CasperTech is a leading provider of solutions for content creators within Second Life. We believe that METAbolt will benefit from our strong legacy and foundations.
It is not our intention to commercialise the project, and we will maintain it in the same spirit of open source community collaboration. We do intend, however, to rejuvenate the METAbolt community with active development, support and new innovation. We are very excited by this opportunity, and we hope you are, too!
Please bear with us while we complete the transitional period – we're working on a new website and will be making our first release of METAbolt soon.
– Casper Warden, CasperTech Ltd.
While the new Metabolt site is being set-up, a link to the download page / source code for the current release of the client is included below the message.
Metabolt is popular text-based client for users of various types of bot in SL (such as the Pandora Bot), which can be used for a variety of role, such as greeters, automated assistants, etc. As such, the news that the client looks set to continue should be warmly received.
Related Links
Advertisements
In a review article in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology,1 the authors concluded that “even in the absence of an increase in blood pressure, excess dietary sodium can adversely affect target organs, including the blood vessels, heart, kidneys and brain.”
The scientists, led by William Farquhar, PhD, of the University of Delaware, point out that most Americans need a mere 500 milligrams (mg) of sodium daily for “fluid balance… and a stable internal environment.”
But unfortunately, most of us consume far more – about six times as much, or 3,200 mg of sodium daily. This is more than double the 1,500 mg maximum per day recommended by health organizations like the American Heart Association. For more than five decades, a maximum of 1,500 mg of sodium daily has also been the recommendation of the Pritikin Eating Plan.
Salt is a mixture of 40% sodium and 60% chloride, or sodium-chloride. It is from salt that we get most of the sodium in our diet.
Dangers of Salt | Blood Vessels
Elevated sodium levels can negatively affect the function of the inner lining of the blood vessels, called the endothelium, report Dr. Farquhar and colleagues.
And the last thing we want to do is foul up our endothelium.
As Bruce Albert, MD, and co-authors wrote in their classic, in-depth textbook on cell biology, Molecular Biology of the Cell, “Almost all tissues depend on a blood supply, and the blood supply depends on endothelial cells.”2
The endothelium introduces all kinds of chemicals, like nitric oxide, which control how well our blood vessels expand and contract. Put simply, we want blood vessels with good elasticity; without it, they can't stretch well with each pulse. They stiffen, making it harder for the heart to pump blood throughout the body. Eventually, the heart wears out. It's called heart failure.
One of the endothelium's other key jobs is releasing factors that cut down on platelet stickiness, which helps ensure that our red blood cells flow smoothly, like traffic on an unclogged freeway.
When the endothelium is malfunctioning, the result of too much salt as well as other lifestyle-related factors like high insulin levels, high LDL (bad) cholesterol, and high blood glucose, it becomes a breeding ground for inflammation, cholesterol plaque build-up, and cardiovascular diseases.
Dangers of Salt | Heart
High blood pressure is a major risk factor for left ventricular hypertrophy, which is enlargement of the muscle tissue that makes up the wall of the heart's main pumping chamber.
But research has found that high sodium intake may increase left ventricular wall thickness independent of high blood pressure. For example, in a study of healthy adults with normal blood pressure or minimal hypertension, those with the highest sodium excretion had significantly greater diagnoses of left ventricular hypertrophy.3
Having left ventricular hypertrophy can lead to multiple heart-related problems, including arrhythmia (abnormal heart rhythm), heart attack, sudden cardiac arrest (sudden loss of heart function), and heart failure (inability of the heart to pump enough blood throughout the body).
Dangers of Salt | Kidneys
One of the ways doctors assess how well our kidneys are working is with a test called glomerular filtration rate. Glomeruli are tiny sieves in the kidneys that filter waste from the blood. The higher our glomerular filtration rate, the better our kidneys are at getting rid of waste.
Studies have found that a high salt intake, even with only a minimal rise in blood pressure, can lead to decreased rates of glomerular filtration, which are a sign of chronic kidney disease, and, if not checked, kidney failure.4
Tips For Cutting Sodium Get tips for Cutting 1,000+ Mg Of Sodium From Your Daily Diet
Guide For Lowering Blood Pressure Get the Ultimate Guide For Lowering Blood Pressure Naturally
High sodium intake also means increased protein excretion by the kidneys, which can lead to heart and kidney disease.
The good news: Sodium restriction has been shown to reduce both protein excretion and blood pressure in people with hypertension.5
Dangers of Salt | Brain
Still further, the authors of the newly published review in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology point out that a high salt intake may negatively affect the brain. Eating excess salt causes the sympathetic nervous system to over-react to stressful situations, pumping out chronically high levels of stress hormones.
“This increased responsiveness has been associated with an increased blood pressure variability, even without an elevation in average blood pressure,” writes Dr. Farquhar and colleagues.
Increased blood pressure variability means we're prone to having short-term spikes in blood pressure, which physicians had traditionally thought were benign as long as overall blood pressure were normal. But more and more, science is finding that increased blood pressure variability, in and of itself, is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events and death.6
The Dangers of Salt | Bottom Line
We now have many reasons beyond high blood pressure to maintain a sodium intake of no more than 1,500 mg daily. The solution appears clear and simple: stop adding salt to food.
But as educators at the Pritikin Longevity Center always point out, and as William S. Weintraub, MD, one of the co-authors of the review, cautions, “It's more challenging than simply throwing away your salt shaker. Approximately 70% of the sodium in our diets comes from processed foods, including items that we don't typically think of as salty, such as breads and cereals. Also, restaurant food typically contains more salt than dishes prepared at home.”
A Stay At Pritikin Will Change Your Life Pritikin guests call their experience "transformative." Start your own life-changing transformation by calling (888) 254-1462 or filling out our booking form.
And certainly, many of us have developed a serious craving for salted foods and find low-salt or salt-free versions unappetizingly bland. That's why “detox” vacations, like the one- and two-week stays at Pritikin, are so valuable.
At Pritikin, renowned for its success in educating tens of thousands worldwide to live healthier lives, people learn after just a few days, and often to their surprise, that their taste buds actually open up to the pleasures of natural, whole foods unadultered with a lot of salt. In fact, “guests start preferring the food we serve at Pritikin over the salt-saturated foods they used to like,” notes Kimberly Gomer, MS, RD, Pritikin's Director of Nutrition.
Affirms frequent Pritikin guest Andrea C of Tampa, Florida: “Delicious food, a beautiful atmosphere, the education, the amazing staff… It's a little bit of heaven for a week or two, and the bonus is, you lose weight.”
Bottom Line: At the Pritikin Longevity Center, you give up salt, but what you gain is so much more.
It's actually a win-win: Your meals are a joy without added salt, and your body is healthier, too.
Health Resort Take life to the next level, and be all that you can be. That's what a vacation at Pritikin is all about. Live better. Look better. Best of all, feel better. Health Resort Take life to the next level, and be all that you can be. That's what a vacation at Pritikin is all about. Live better. Look better. Best of all, feel better. All-Inclusive Program Since 1975, 100,000+ people have come to Pritikin. We are the longest-running, most scientifically documented health resort in America. Learn More Since 1975, 100,000+ people have come to Pritikin. We are the longest-running, most scientifically documented health resort in America. Rooms and Suites Our newly renovated guest rooms at the health resort are spacious, serene, and amenity-rich. Each has a gorgeous garden view. View Rooms Our newly renovated guest rooms at the health resort are spacious, serene, and amenity-rich. Each has a gorgeous garden view.
Sources
Warning: Spoilers from episode five ahead.
Westworld, so it seems fair to ask: What is this show about? Sure, it's "about" a depraved amusement park set in some unknown future where rich people can pay to shoot and fuck robots. But what is the story that it's telling? Is Westworld the tale of a robot rebellion? A far-future A.I. experiment? A lesson on what might happen when maniacal genius comes undone? More specifically, will Dolores ever find freedom? How did Bernard first fall in love with their creation? Will the Man in Black unravel the whole mystery? We're halfway through the first season of, so it seems fair to ask: What is this show about? Sure, it's "about" a depraved amusement park set in some unknown future where rich people can pay to shoot and fuck robots. But what is the story that it's telling? Isthe tale of a robot rebellion? A far-future A.I. experiment? A lesson on what might happen when maniacal genius comes undone? More specifically, will Dolores ever find freedom? How did Bernard first fall in love with their creation? Will the Man in Black unravel the whole mystery?
Westworld is still captivating from scene to scene thanks to its brilliant cast, gorgeous vistas, and stacks of dead bodies. But as a whole, the show still has more fan theories than focus. Most prestige dramas tell one or two central stories with a couple of main characters. Breaking Bad tells the story of one man's descent from "Mr. Chips to Scarface"; each season of The Wire tells the story of how a group of police do or don't bring in a case against drug dealers, and so on. Westworld has set up a lot of intriguing subplots, characters, and themes that don't really cohere into a single story, and no one has yet emerged as a definite protagonist. If a story is about a dozen things, does it risk being about nothing? is still captivating from scene to scene thanks to its brilliant cast, gorgeous vistas, and stacks of dead bodies. But as a whole, the show still has more fan theories than focus. Most prestige dramas tell one or two central stories with a couple of main characters.tells the story of one man's descent from "Mr. Chips to Scarface"; each season oftells the story of how a group of police do or don't bring in a case against drug dealers, and so on.has set up a lot of intriguing subplots, characters, and themes that don't really cohere into a single story, and no one has yet emerged as a definite protagonist. If a story is about a dozen things, does it risk being about nothing?
Still, there are five more episodes to pull all the strands together, and quite a few storylines advanced in intriguing ways this week.
Teddy's No Good, Very Bad Day
Inferno and hopefully not an indication that "they were all in hell!" will be the answer to the question of what the show is about. The fifth episode is titled "Contrapasso," a reference to Dante'sand hopefully not an indication that "they were all in hell!" will be the answer to the question of what the show is about.
But Teddy (James Marsden) might as well be in hell, as they and Lawrence (Clifton Collins Jr.) are dragged around by the Man in Black (Ed Harris) as they search for the maze. They run into the British robot boy—who is almost certainly modeled on either Ford (Anthony Hopkins) or the mysterious Arnold as a child—allowing the Man in Black to remind us he's still a monster. "Too small," they say, deciding against any child murder today.
But Teddy, grievously wounded last episode by Wyatt's gang, is fading. To save him, the Man in Black facilitates an impromptu blood transfusion. They slice Lawrence's throat and strings them upside down in a tree, letting them bleed out into a leather bag. After an offscreen transfusion, Teddy is doing alright. Why, you ask, do robots need human blood to live? The Man in Black tells Teddy that back in the day they sliced open a robot, and they "used to be beautiful... a million perfect pieces." Then, somewhere along the way, the bean counters realized that "humanity is cost-effective," meaning it was easier to make them out of flesh and bone.
Into the Wild
Tombstone and more . Nice guy William (Jimmi Simpson), jerk-store employee of the month Logan (Ben Barnes), and Dolores (Evan Rachel Wood) head south of the border in search of local criminal kingpin El Lazo. While the Western clichés we've seen previously take place in the section of the park that "feels like it was designed by committee" (as Logan says), they are heading into the "raw" section. Down here is lessand more El Topo
Dancing skeletons, gold-painted prostitutes, and drunken Confederates stagger around the town, and the sequences here are filmed with a dreamy Lynchian quality. The show is finally opening up its style and tonal palate, even if the picture isn't filled in yet.
be the Man in Black in a previous timeline. The fact that Lawrence appears again, seemingly uninterrupted as the criminal boss across the border, is certainly a point in their favor. (Another possibility, albeit less likely, is that there are multiple versions of each host, their brains connected through something like the cloud. This would explain how Bernard and Ford are able to talk to various robots seemingly in the middle of their adventures.) Their guide Slim sets them up with El Lazo a.k.a. Lawrence a.k.a. the dead carcass in the middle of nowhere. In my episode three review , I mentioned the theory that William mightthe Man in Black in a previous timeline. The fact that Lawrence appears again, seemingly uninterrupted as the criminal boss across the border, is certainly a point in their favor. (Another possibility, albeit less likely, is that there are multiple versions of each host, their brains connected through something like the cloud. This would explain how Bernard and Ford are able to talk to various robots seemingly in the middle of their adventures.)
Dolores gets to whip out a bandana and six-shooter, and the gang robs a stage coach carrying nitroglycerin in a plot between El Lazo and the drunken Confederate soldiers that all goes to shit—especially for Logan—but leaves William, Dolores, and Lawrence all heading to the front lines where the greatest thrill the park has to offer can be found: war.
Elsie on the Case
By far the most interesting story lines so far have taken place inside the park, but the drama at headquarters finally gets interesting this episode as Elsie (Shannon Woodward) does some detective work. They convince one of the "creepy necro-perv" repairmen in the basement to let them look at the robot who smashed their head in before it got incinerated. They find a "laser-based satellite uplink" buried in their arm that someone has been using to smuggle data out of the park.
Westworld email dump. Next week, be on the lookout for the WikiLeaksemail dump.
The Two Stooges
This week's comedy relief comes in the form of the two basement repairmen who were around when Maeve woke up. One of them (Leonardo Nam) dreams of something bigger, and is trying to learn to program a robot bird, so they can get a promotion. The other (Ptolemy Slocum) apparently has their "aggro-bro" levels set to max and flips out at them between sessions with a redhead in their "VR tank." But the real point of these scenes is to let us know that Maeve has broken out of their programming and can wake themselves up from sleep mode.
Everybody Loves Arnold
After Ford's interrogation, Dolores tells an unseen figure that "he doesn't know. I didn't tell them anything." The through line of this episode is the ghost—or robotic consciousness?—of Arnold, Ford's co-creator who mysteriously died 30 years ago, and who disagreed with Ford on matters of robot self-actualization. A voice, seemingly Arnold's, instructs Dolores, "Find me." Logan tells William that the family lawyers looked into Arnold and couldn't find a single thing on him. Meanwhile, Ford is also searching for him, especially in Dolores's mind. "Somewhere under all those updates, he's still there," they tell her, making me think that Arnold transformed themselves into code that lives in the minds of all the robots.After Ford's interrogation, Dolores tells an unseen figure that "he doesn't know. I didn't tell them anything."
But the most thrilling scene this week takes place when Ford interrupts the Man in Black's drinking. They speak like old frenemies, with the Man in Black saying that the park was always "missing a real villain," hence their murder spree while Ford acts amused at their quest. "If you're looking for the moral of the story, simply ask," Ford says. The Man in Black, getting testy, makes it clear that they don't think Ford knows the moral. It was Arnold who was the real genius of the park. Teddy—seemingly controlled by Ford via telekinesis—stops the Man in Black from skinning an answer out of Ford, and we're left knowing that answers may be out there but we won't find them yet.
Follow Lincoln Michel on Twitter.
Speed of movement, of both the lift and the lifter, is a critical factor in the performances of the snatch and clean and jerk. It is also, along with rhythm and dynamics, an important index for determining the efficacy of a training program and the fitness of the lifter.
Why Weight Is Not a Good Measurement
It is not uncommon for many novice coaches to evaluate the efficacy or productiveness of the workout by the amount of weight that is lifted. After all, that is the sport's primary concern, right? It is a primary concern in evaluating the performance during a competition, but it is only one of the indices by which training can be evaluated.
And for those of you who can't shake the AMRAP mentality as you switch from CrossFit coaching to weightlifting coaching, please remember that an elementary school student can evaluate on the basis of AMRAP. Coaching skills for a complex sport are much more sophisticated than that.
A typical training macrocycle can last eight weeks for a raw beginner and twelve weeks for an intermediate or advanced lifter. If you are to write a training program for that span of time, you must find some way to evaluate its efficacy in real time as you watch the training. You need this type of input in order to make decisions about how to manipulate the program to accommodate the individual conditions of each lifter.
If your sole criterion is the amount of weight successfully lifted in each session, you would have to conclude that at certain points in the macrocycle the training is not effective. You might then choose to make alterations that will make the overall program even less productive.
80% Is the Magic Number
After years of coaching, I've figured out that the speed of 80% weights is one of the most informative indices I can use to evaluate the efficacy of training. I liken this monitoring to tasting the soup. During the cooking process, the cook periodically takes a taste of the broth. At that point more spices may be added, a decision can be made as to how high the flame should be adjusted, or the quantity of larger ingredients can be adjusted. When it's right, you get soup.
Now this might seem like a difficult visual skill to master, but weightlifting coaching requires the development of a number of skills, processes, and instincts that take real time to incorporate. The visual skills can only be developed by watching hundreds of thousands of lifts in real time.
I probably need to watch a given lifter in every training session through at least two macrocycles before I know what the optimal speed of 80% weights should look like. I then have to know what it is going to look like at the end of a preparation mesocycle. This difference in speed is probably not apparent to the untrained eye, but it is obvious to the athlete's regular coach.
If at certain points 80% weights are moving too slowly, then the training load may have to be lessened or the nature of the training session may have to be modified. 60% and 70% weights are not reasonable indices as they do not vary sufficiently during the course of a complete macrocycle. 85% weights and above can vary too much.
Furthermore I have to evaluate the speed of the lifter and the rhythm of the lift. If these indicators are too far deviated from appropriate ranges, then some change in the training program needs to be proposed.
The Diligence Required of Coaches
The job of a coach includes designing training and then finding means of evaluating the efficacy of that training. The more often and with more diligence the tasks are undertaken, the greater the strides being made toward coaching competency.
This process is lengthy and is not subject to shortcuts. For those readers serious about embarking on a coaching career, this undertaking should begin with the understanding that it is a long process, though in the end, a rewarding one.
Commenter Thomas writes:
It's actually possible that the Germans really do suck at internal security and antiterrorism. It's hard not to remember the 1972 Munich Olympics, and how badly the Boches botched that incident, and its aftermath (they cut a deal with the Black September terrorists afterwards to let the surviving gunmen go in exchange for a fake hostage-taking). They formed a reasonably good counterterrorist unit after that (GSG9) that at least had the ability to chase and shoot people and free hostages, and were able to at least keep Communist-inspired terrorism sufficiently under control to avoid it causing a problem for NATO, but I don't think they ever really made deep changes to their policies to keep foreign bad guys from operating in the country pretty much at will. Keep in mind that the core group of the 9/11 hijackers were based in Hamburg from the late 1990s until 2001.
I get a feeling that Germany has been sliding in this century into kind of “Potemkin society” in a lot of ways, with high-level mismanagement, scandals and corruption that just sort of gets glossed over and allowed to fester until it blows up (e.g., the VW emissions scandal; several rounds of Siemens getting caught greasing palms in foreign countries; and Deutsche Bank in serious, possibly fatal, financial trouble as of this year after being rocked by continual losses, penalties, and scandals, including a $7 billion settlement with the US Justice Department over malfeasance in the 2008 crash announced just today). I wouldn't be surprised if it comes out in the next few years that the EU has been, in no small part, a vehicle for Germany, its banks and industry, to basically cover up a lot of bad decisions and losses.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Indiana coach Tom Crean challenged their team to be tougher than Illinois on Thursday night.
When it mattered most, they were.
Cody Zeller and Victor Oladipo repeatedly drew fouls, did much of the damage inside and combined on a late scoring frenzy to send No. 23 Indiana past Illinois 84-71.
"You have to execute under pressure, that's one of the greatest forms of toughness you can have," Crean said. "But you have to be able to play through contact as well."
Indiana (19-6, 7-6 Big Ten) excelled in both facets, putting Crean one victory from their first 20-win season since leaving Marquette for the Hoosiers in 2008.
The biggest reason for this season's remarkable turnaround, of course, has been the inside presence of Zeller and they were up to their old tricks against the Fighting Illini (16-8, 5-6).
It was clear coach Bruce Weber wanted to outmuscle Indiana's first-year student center. Instead, Zeller made nifty move after nifty move and drew foul after foul. They finished with 22 points, five rebounds and went 5 of 8 from the field and 12 of 14 from the free throw line.
"I think if you're going to get physical with him, he's going to respond," Crean said. "The only soft thing about Cody is that he's soft-spoken on the court sometimes, but other than that he's a tough, tough person."
Zeller had plenty of help, too
Oladipo and Christian Watford had 18 points and Jordan Hulls finished with 15 points and seven assists.
Indiana used an 8-0 run to finally break open what had been essentially a one-possession game for the first 24 minutes. Then the Hoosiers used a 15-6 run to pull away.
For Illinois, it was another devastating blow in a season filled with disappointments. The Illini have lost five of six and have dropped five straight in Bloomington when Indiana has been ranked, a streak that dates to 1997.
"We played our butt off, we played some good basketball, we've done it all year. We're close," Weber said. "We've just got to see if we can connect it all together. Somewhere here, we'll get everybody playing well, get offense and defense clicking at the same time without fouling, without turning it over. That's the key."
That didn't happen at Indiana.
While D.J. Richardson scored 19 points and Meyers Leonard had 17, Brandon Paul, the Big Ten's No. 9 scorer, connected on just 4 of 11 shots and finished with 13 points.
The Illini committed 30 fouls and had three players, including Leonard, foul out.
"The refs called good fouls, we made some stupid fouls in the first half," Richardson said. "We've got to do a better job attacking the basket. Their guys did a great job of that."
For nearly 19 minutes, the teams traded possessions and baskets and from the time Indiana blew a 13-6 lead until early in the second half, neither team led by more than four points.
Indiana finally ended the tug-of-war with a quick scoring flurry early in the second half.
Hulls' 3-pointer broke a 46-46 tie. Zeller then drew a foul on a dunk and completed the three-point play to give Indiana a 52-46 lead. After Watford grabbed a loose ball and called time out, Zeller drove in for a layup to make it 54-46 with 15:24 to play.
"We were in the bonus pretty early, so I definitely wanted to attack," Zeller said of the Hoosiers' second-half surge. "Any foul was going to be one or two free throws, so I definitely wanted to be aggressive and get to the free throw line."
Illinois responded with 3s from Paul and Richardson on consecutive possessions. Paul followed that with a layup, then hit 1 of 2 free throws to get the Illini within 57-55 with 10:58 to go.
With Illinois within 62-59, Zeller and Oladipo changed the equation by drawing fouls.
They combined to make 5 of 6 free throws, starting the late 15-6 run that gave Indiana a 77-65 lead with 4:49 to go.
Illinois didn't get closer than 10 points the rest of the way.
"Our guys came out and played with a ton of intensity," Crean said. "Our guys, they deserved it. It was a hard-fought game and they deserved it because they played hard the entire way."
Alex Salmond has said Scots will be voting in the general election on the “right of the Scottish Parliament” to hold a second referendum – just days after their successor Nicola Sturgeon claimed the 8 June vote is not about independence.
The former First Minister indicated Ms Sturgeon has delayed their plans for a second referendum to “get another victory” that would reinforce their mandate to hold a second vote on leaving the UK.
Ms Sturgeon this week insisted that any drop in SNP support in June would have no impact on their mandate for another referendum, “which was secured in last year's Holyrood election”.
Mr Salmond told their LBC radio phone-in show that Scots voting in the election will be clear about the SNP's path to next referendum. “They will know that they are voting to support the right of the Parliament to decide on the holding of the Scottish referendum,” Mr Salmond said.
READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to set out indyref2 plan before election
They added: “The path is that the Parliament should have the right to hold a referendum through the section 30 order.”
The First Minister announced this week that they would delay setting out their plans for a second referendum until after the election.
Alex Salmond was speaking on their LBC radio show.
Asked whether this is because Ms Sturgeon is fearful of having the issue at the heart of the SNP election campaign, Mr Salmond said: “No, she's looking to get another election victory which will indicate and support the right of the Parliament to decide these things.”
The Scottish Government's consultation on a second referendum finished in January and ministers have yet to respond to it. Mr Salmond added: “We're during an election campaign where people are going to decide on a whole range of things, but one of the things they're going to decide is whether to back our Parliament's right to hold a referendum.”
Ms Sturgeon faced claims they are attempting to avoid the independence issue amid falling support for a Yes vote when they said voting SNP in the general election was about backing “strong voices against the Conservatives”.
Speaking at the STUC in Aviemore on Monday, they said: “This election won't decide whether or not Scotland becomes independent. We got a mandate for the referendum in the [Holyrood] election last year.”
The Scottish Parliament last month backed a second referendum following the Brexit vote after the SNP combined with the pro-independence Greens to vote it through. But power over a referendum lies at Westminster and Prime Minister Theresa May has ruled it out, insisting “now is not the time” as Brexit negotiations take place.
Conservative Edinburgh South candidate Miles Briggs said: “Mr Salmond has let the cat out of the bag. The SNP's objective in this election is to manufacture a case for independence – just as they have tried to do with Brexit.
“Nobody takes Nicola Sturgeon's claim otherwise seriously – not even Alex Salmond.”
Scottish Labour general election campaign manager James Kelly said: “Alex Salmond has let the cat out of the bag.
“At every election, Nicola Sturgeon tries to pretend it isn't a vote about the SNP's plans for a divisive second independence referendum.
“But they can't stop Alex Salmond blundering in, and here they are admitting the SNP wants to use this election to pursue another referendum the country does not want or need.
“In seats across Scotland it is only Labour that can stop the SNP, and voters can send Nicola Sturgeon and Alex Salmond a message that together we're stronger by voting Labour.”
Ms Sturgeon yesterday dismissed opposition claims that they are avoiding talking about independence in the election campaign.
“My opponents are ridiculous,” the First Minister said during a campaign visit to Stirling.
“They go from accusing me of talking about independence too much to accusing me of not talking about it enough.
“The issue at this election campaign is quite clear – how do we make sure we have strong voices arguing Scotland's corner at Westminster and also backing our Scottish Parliament.
“On independence, the mandate that we sought and won last year in the Scottish election is there, the Scottish Parliament has now voted to back that mandate, so the question in this election is do we allow the Tories to determine who chooses Scotland's future or do we send a clear message that it should be our Parliament and the people of Scotland who determine Scotland's future?”
READ MORE: New poll shows drop in support for Scottish independence
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson yesterday stepped up the pressure on Ms Sturgeon to set out their plans for a referendum so that voters can make a judgment on the proposals at the election.
A spokesperson for the First Minister confirmed this week this will be delayed until after 8 June.
Ms Sturgeon has promised to set out the “next steps” they intend to take in order to hold an independence poll between autumn next year and spring 2019.
Originally, Ms Sturgeon indicated they would reveal their plan after the Easter break.
It then emerged that they would wait until after the 4 May local election.
Ms Davidson said: “The First Minister could not have been clearer last month – they told the people of Scotland they would set out their next steps on their unwanted referendum plan after Easter and keep us all informed.
“Yet now that a general election has been called they have gone back on their word.
“The reason is obvious: as always with the SNP, they desperately try to play down independence in an election campaign because they know it's unpopular.”
They dismissed protestors who accused Leave voters of being racist and said they needed to do more to understand why 52 per cent of voters chose to quit the 28-country bloc. Mr Khan told Politico: “Don't call people racist because they decided to vote for an alternative, radical path. “Try to understand the concerns they've got an try to address them. “Just go to parts of the country, whether it's Slough, or Boston and Lincolnshire, there has been a rapid change in a short period of time and finite public resources haven't been able to cope.”
GETTY Sadiq Khan has told Remain voters to stop moaning and accept the result
They said Britain was a multicultural country and said blaming racism for this summer's result was unfair.
GETTY Sadiq Khan campaigned with David Cameron for Britain to remain in Europe this summer
Mr Khan said: “When my dad first came to this country in the 1960s there were signs in guest houses saying ‘no blacks, no Irish, no dogs. “Now one of their children is the mayor of the city they chose to call home. “Whereas it was not uncommon when I was growing up to hear the ‘p' word or the ‘n' word or the ‘y' word, depending on whether you were Asian, Afro-Caribbean or Jewish, my kids have never been racially abused in that way.”
London Brexit Protest Continues Thu, February 2, 2017 Brexit protest: Thousands take to London's streets in pro-EU protest 'March for Europe'. Play slideshow PA 1 of 11 Remain supporters demonstrate during the March for Europe rally in Parliament Square, London
They did warn, however, that racist incidents appear to have increased since the Leave victory and said both sides of the debate now needed to work together to make Brexit a success. They also said the abuse directed towards the High Court judges who said parliamentary approval was needed to approve Article 50 was not becoming of a “civilised society”. Mr Khan said: “Friends I have spoken to of my age post-Brexit have heard the ‘p' word or the ‘n' word or the ‘y' word.
GETTY Sadiq Khan said it was wrong for Remain voters to accuse Leave voters of racism
“I've got mates who were called the ‘n' word or the ‘p' word in the week or two after Brexit. “One of the things about living in a civilised society that we've got to recognise is that there is inevitably a tension between the different pillars, the executive and the judiciary and the legislature. That tension is healthy.
The day Sadiq Khan was elected London Mayor Sat, May 7, 2016 All the best pictures from election day in the UK as SNP claim historic third win in Scotland. Play slideshow PA 1 of 38 Sadiq Khan sworn into office
“But what we cannot do is expect judges to do as politicians say. That is what happens when you live in Russia or Zimbabwe.” In a final warning to Remain campaigners, they said the time for moaning was over.
GETTY Thousands protested on the streets of London following this summer's Brexit vote
Media Research Center President Brent Bozell on Monday slammed the media as “100 percent in the tank” for Hillary Clinton and condemned CNN's deceptive editing to help the Democrat. Appearing on the Fox Business network, host Ashley Webster played a clip of Clinton at a press conference using the word “bombing” in reference to Saturday's terror attack. A reporter than attacked Trump for using the same word.
While covering the story, CNN cut out Clinton's use of the word bombing. Bozell derided, “They are 100 percent in the tank for Hillary Clinton.” Webster played another clip of a reporter asking the Democrat if ISIS is trying to “drive” votes to Trump.
Bozell mocked, “I guess these terrorists have these make America great again that they are wearing again. It just goes beyond the pale, that this is a Trump rally going on except they blow up people now!”
A transcript of the segment is below:
Varney and Company
9/19/16
11:14
HILLARY CLINTON: I've been briefed about the bombings in New York and New Jersey and the stabbing in Minnesota. Obviously, we need to do everything we can to support our first responders as this investigation unfolds.
QUESTION: Do you have any reaction to the fact that Donald Trump, immediately upon taking the stage, called the explosion in New York a bomb?
CLINTON: Well, I think it is important to know the facts about any incident like this. That is why it's critical to support first responders.
ASHLEY WEBSTER: So, wait a minute. I hope you caught all of that. It's a bit difficult to hear someone talk on a plane. Donald Trump says we've just been informed about the bombings. Hillary Clinton comes out onto the plane and says “We've just been informed about the bombings in New York and New Jersey.” The first question from a member of the media: “There's been criticism of Donald Trump for calling it a bomb before they knew what it was.” I just don't understand it. Let's bring in Brent Bozell, Media Research Center President. If nothing else completely encapsulates the difference between covering Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, there it is.
BRENT BOZELL: Doesn't it though? Donald Trump is briefed on the plane. Hillary Clinton is briefed on a plane. Donald Trump statements getting off the plane about a bombing is outrageous. Them statement about a bombing is measured, according to the networks and they attacked Donald Trump for doing exactly what they did. And by the way, Donald Trump was right.
WEBSTER: They were right. It gets even better. Get this. CNN rears re-airs Hillary Clinton's bomb statement. But guess what? They take out the word bomb completely. Roll the tape.
CLINTON: Obviously, we need to do everything we can to support our first responders. We have to let the investigation unfold.
QUESTION: Do you have any reaction to the fact that Donald Trump, immediately upon taking the stage, called the explosion in New York a bomb?
CLINTON: Well, I think it is important to know the facts about any incident like this. That is why it's critical to support the first responders.
WEBSTER: So, first we have CBS editing out Bill Clinton's “frequently has issues,” talking about their wife, to rarely. And now we have this. I mean, Brent, at some point you just really — these are news organizations. But it's difficult when they do this kind of stuff.
<<< Please consider helping NewsBusters financially with your tax-deductible contribution today >>>
BOZELL: They are 100 percent in the tank for Hillary Clinton. Look at how they attack Donald Trump on the birther thing. It was the New York Times that brought up John McCain in 2008 and their birther situation. It was media who brought up Ted Cruz. It was Sydney Blumenthal from Hillary Clinton that brought up Barack Obama and yet they hit Ted Cruz — or they hit Donald Trump on it relentlessly. Look, every reporter was there on that airplane. Every reporter, every network heard their call in a bombing and then one minute later take this gratuitous slap at Donald Trump and no one reported it.
WEBSTER: All right, Brent. Now, listen to this question. This is a reporter asking Hillary during their Q&A this morning in White Plains.
JENNIFER EPSTEIN: Are you concerned that this weekend's attacks or potential incidents in the coming weeks might be an attempt by ISIS or ISIS sympathizers or, really, any other group, maybe the Russians, to influence the presidential race in some way? And presumably try to drive votes to Donald Trump?
WEBSTER: Did Hillary write that question? How can you bring the Russians into this? I mean, that's a stretch at best and it plays right into Hillary's, you know, narrative that Donald Trump is a puppet of Putin?
BOZELL: Right. I guess these terrorists have these make America great again that they are wearing again. It just goes beyond the pale, that this is a Trump rally going on except they blow up people now!
WEBSTER: We haven't finished yet because there's so much material. President Obama talking about —
BOZELL: And it's only Monday morning.
WEBSTER: And it's only Monday. The gift that keeps on giving. President Obama talking about Fox News. They say, “Structurally we've become a polarized society and if all you're doing is watching Fox News and listening to Rush Limbaugh does a lot of the misinformation on a regular basis.” Now, what is interesting to me about that is that it's well established, and this is being kind, about 95 percent of the media is liberal. They are giving Hillary a pass. And yet, here we have a president saying half the country is being fooled by Fox News and Rush Limbaugh.
BOZELL: A couple points on this. This is the first president, I think, in history who has ever singled out one network for relentless attacks. I don't think anyone's done that before. Secondly, what do they attack Fox? Because Fox is the only network that doesn't march lockstep with this administration and the candidate you're supporting. They cannot stand the fact that they cannot control the narrative that Fox News. Never mind Rush Limbaugh.
WEBSTER: It's a very, very good point and I promise we won't edit any of that to make it change the meaning. Brent Bozell, I'm very sarcastic today. Thank you so much.
This is a big deal. And you can read more of the backstory here.
Quick summary: The Creationists behind Ark Encounter initially said they were building a for-profit attraction in order to get a lot of perks, including a tourism-related tax rebate from the state of Kentucky worth more than $18 million over ten years. But after the city of Williamstown said they would add a 50-cent surcharge to all tickets to pay for a safety fee, Ken Ham‘s team sold Ark Encounter to their own non-profit, Crosswater Canyon, because religious ministries are exempt from that kind of tax.
Earlier today, the Freedom From Religion Foundation announced that they had sent a letter to the Kentucky Tourism, Arts, and Heritage Cabinet notifying them that, because of the sale and new non-profit status, Ark Encounter is violating the terms of the tax rebate deal.
Guess what? They didn't need to do that. Because three days ago, a lawyer for the Kentucky Tourism, Arts, and Heritage Cabinet sent a letter to the lawyer for Ark Encounter saying the exact same thing.
It has come to our attention that your client, Ark Encounter, LLC, is in breach of its Tourism Development Agreement… with the Commonwealth. On July 10, 2017, the Tourism, Arts, and Heritage Cabinet… became aware of a quit claim deed transferring the Ark Project land, with all the privileges and appurtenances to the same, from Ark Encounter, LLC, a for profit company, to Crosswater Canyon, Inc. a non-profit company. We believe that your client is aware that they may not be eligible for state tax incentives if the Ark Project is owned by a non-profit legal entity. Answers in Genesis, the parent company of Crosswater Canyon, Inc., and Ark Encounter, LLC clearly states on its website: “The for-profit LLC structure also allows the Ark Encounter to be eligible for various economic development incentives that would not have been available with a non-profit structure.” Furthermore, as a Tourism Development Agreement is between the Commonwealth and Ark Encounter, LLC, not Crosswater Canyon, LLC, the current owner, please be advised that no further incentives may accrue from sales tax imposed on sales generated by or arising at the tourism development project, as of the date of transfer of the property, June 28, 2017.
That last bolding is the state's. They're saying the deal is over as of June 28. Ark Encounter can reap the benefits of the tax rebate based on attendance up to that point (less than a year into its existence), but that's it.
And I love how they quoted an excerpt from Ark Encounter's website — from an FAQ that Ken Ham has since deleted — as evidence that the Creationists have always been fully aware that this could happen.
The Creationists running Ark Encounter just screwed themselves out of $18 million over the next decade because they didn't want to pay a local safety fee worth about $700,000 a year.
We already knew Creationists were ignorant about science.
Turns out they don't know how to do math, either.
TUCSON, Ariz. (CN) – Arizona can no longer enforce a law aimed at shutting down Tucson Unified School District's defunct Mexican-American Studies program, shuttered in 2012 after the state threatened to cut district funding, a judge ordered Wednesday.
The state law, which was ruled a violation of the First and 14th amendments in August, attempted to block classes that “promote the overthrow of the United States government; promote resentment toward a race or class of people; are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group; or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals.”
Two Tucson students and their parents sued in 2010, claiming the law is racist. The district closed the program in 2012 after the state threatened to cut 10 percent of its state education funds, amounting to more than $10 million. No other ethnic studies program, in Tucson or elsewhere, was similarly targeted.
In August, Ninth Circuit Judge A. Wallace Tashima, sitting by designation at the U.S. District Court level, agreed with the plaintiffs and ruled the law was “motivated by a desire to advance a political agenda by capitalizing on race-based fears.” Wednesday's final judgment lays down a permanent injunction preventing the state Board of Education from enforcing the ban, requiring compliance reports, or auditing classes or programs for compliance.
Tashima used former state Superintendent John Huppenthal's own writings to condemn the law in their August ruling.
“Huppenthal's blog comments provide the most important and direct evidence that racial animus infected the decision to enact A.R.S. § 15-112. Huppenthal not only voted for the bill, but was a key player in the effort to get it passed,” Tashima wrote.
“Several of their blog comments convey animus toward Mexican-Americans generally. Because these comments were made soon after the Legislature debated and voted on the bill, they are highly probative of Huppenthal's state of mind during the relevant period.”
After Tashima's ruling in August, the students' lawyer Richard Martinez called the case a ground-breaking victory for civil rights in which the judiciary exerted the appropriate power to control illegal state actions.
“This is really important in terms of our jurisprudence and moving civil rights further down the road,” they said.
Wednesday's order is the latest salvo in a battle stretching back a decade that included student walk-outs, shouting matches at local school board meetings, and seven years of legal wrangling. A replacement for the banned Mexican-American Studies program eventually met the state standards.
Spokesmen for the Attorney General's office and state Department of Education did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Martinez could not immediately be contacted.
Like this: Like Loading...
Breivik killed 77 people in July 2011. Most of them were teenagers attending a summer camp.
Police sources briefed on the Newtown investigation reportedly told CBS that Lanza was obsessed with Breivik and wanted to exceed their death toll. Lanza targeted nearby Sandy Hook Elementary School because it was the "easiest target" with the "largest cluster of people." Once the police arrived, they killed himself.
The officers said that violent video games had also played a part in motivating Lanza to kill.
The report said they found a "trove" of video games from the basement of Lanza's home, where they would spend countless hours alone in a private gaming room with the windows blacked out, honing their computer shooting skills.
The report did not say how the investigators learned of Lanza's desire to compete with Breivik.
A Connecticut state police spokesperson dismissed the report as inaccurate speculation.
Lanza killed 20 schoolchildren aged 6 and 7 plus six adults who worked at the school, shocking the United States and leading President Barack Obama to propose new gun control legislation.
Authorities have not publicly spoken of their motive.
"All of it is speculation. There is no basis to the CBS story. We have not established a motive. It's inaccurate," Connecticut State Police Lieutenant Paul Vance said in a statement read on CNN.
Breivik, a self-styled warrior against Muslim immigration, killed eight people by bombing the Oslo government headquarters and then shot dead 69 people at the ruling party's summer youth camp.
Source: Reuters
©FOTO: GULIVER/GETTY IMAGES
Porsche Romania va livra Serviciului Român de Informații (SRI) un număr de 100 de autoturisme Audi din categoria SUV M1, care vor fi utilizate pentru executarea misiunilor specific atribuțiilor instituției.
„SUV M1 este prescurtarea pentru "Sport Utility Vehicle". M1 reprezintă un vehicul din categoria M, conceput și construit pentru transportul de pasageri și care are în afara locului conducătorului cel mult 8 locuri șezând. În baza contractului la care faceți referire, Porsche Romania va livra 100 de autoturisme Audi, ce vor fi utilizate pentru executarea misiunilor specific atribuțiilor Serviciului Român de Informații”, se arată într-un răspuns al instituției remis Profit.ro.
Cu o durată de un an și opt luni și atribuit la finele lunii mai, contractul a fost estimat la 16,93 milioane de lei, fără TVA, și a fost atribuit pentru 11,32 milioane de lei, fără TVA.
La licitație au mai depus oferte Automobile Bavaria și Hirode Service (județul Harghita).
Porsche România este cel mai mare importator auto de pe piața locală și a avut anul trecut afaceri de 453 milioane de euro, în creștere cu 14% față de 2015.
Compania este importatorul general pentru mărcile Volkswagen Autoturisme, Volkswagen Autovehicule Comerciale, Audi, SEAT, Škoda și Das WeltAuto.
Etichete:
,
,
,
,
,
The following news from KTM USA today might shock you, but the KTM 690 Duke is headed to America's favorite democracy in 2013. That's right, the previously available everywhere but here model is coming to North America (both the US and Canada), much to the surprise of A&R…and just about everyone else. KTM isn't talking dollars yet, though it says that the KTM 690 Duke will be competitively priced in its North American markets.
Assuming the US model is the same as the European version, we can expect that 90% of the bike is completely brand new from the previous iteration of the 690. Accordingly, at the heart of the 2013 KTM 690 Duke is a 690cc LC4 single-cylinder thumper that puts out a crushing 67hp and 51 lbs•ft of torque, while the whole motorcycle package weighs only 330 lbs (without fuel) at the curb.
Further refining the LC4 single-cylidner motor, KTM has created a new cylinder head, and added a dual-ignition system & ride-by-wire throttle for the 690 Duke. Anti-lock brakes have also been added to the 2012 KTM 690 Duke, as the Austrian company has tapped Bosch to use the Bosch 9M+ ABS package.
Lastly, braking power comes from a Brembo radially-mounted caliper with a single 320mm brake disc, while suspension is handled by KTM subsidiary WP, and consists of fully-adjustable 43mm front forks, and a fully-adjustable rear shock.
At this moment, it doesn't look like the recently unveiled KTM 690 Duke R is headed our way. One miracle at a time people.
Photos the 2012 European-Spec KTM 690 Duke:
Source: KTM USA
Governor Cuomo pushes casino expansion in Upstate New York
By Jason Melanovski
23 January 2015
As they begin their second term, New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo is making casino expansion a major part of their promise to revive the severely depressed upstate New York economy.
On December 17th, the state's gaming board approved the building of three new Las Vegas-style casinos in Schenectady, Thompson (located in the Catskills) and Tyre (located in the Finger Lakes region).
On December 26th, Cuomo wrote a letter to the state Gaming Commission urging it to award the state's remaining casino license to the Southern Tier region of the state, which was shut out when the first three licenses were awarded the week before. In the letter, Cuomo mentioned the region's poor economic situation, stating, “If you agree to this request, the (casino board) should quickly establish a process for the fourth license that could be complete as expeditiously as possible, as the Southern Tier needs jobs and investment now.”
On January 12th, the Gaming Facility Location Board, supposedly independent of the Governor's influence, approved an additional license for a casino in the Southern Tier, as Cuomo had requested.
Envious Democratic and Republican politicians from Newburgh, Orange County, located in the southeast part of the state, responded by reproaching Cuomo while demanding a casino of their own as well as a review of the licensing procedure. Hazel Dukes, the head of the state NAACP, wrote a public letter to the Gaming Board suggesting the board may have violated civil rights law by failing to award a casino in an area with a large minority population. Dukes also said, “Your statements suggest that you are limiting the competition to the Binghamton area/Southern Tier because it is an upstate area that is ‘economically distressed.' However, that area is not more economically distressed than Newburgh.”
The Southern Tier region includes eight largely rural counties located on the state's southern border with Pennsylvania, and has some of the state's highest jobless rates. Several of its counties rank among the state's top 10 poorest, including Chautauqua and Cattaraugus counties in the southwest part of the state. The region is also home to the Marcellus Shale formation and, as a result, has long been targeted by oil and gas interests seeking to engage in high volume hydraulic fracturing, or “fracking,” to extract oil and natural gas for profit.
Moneyed supporters of fracking use the region's high poverty and jobless rates to try to blackmail New York residents into allowing them to exploit and endanger the region's environment to “bring jobs to the region.”
Just hours prior to the state Gaming Commission awarding the three casino licenses on December 17th, the Department of Environmental Conservation banned the use of fracking in the state, dealing a blow to the region's political and business leaders who had sought the state's approval.
The state's decision to ban fracking had much to do with political calculations of the Cuomo administration, as well as the declining price of oil internationally and the abundant supply of natural gas domestically, making any new investments in major drilling operations economically unattractive. With fracking off the table, the region's politicians and business interests are now clamoring to secure the state's remaining casino license.
Posing as a defender of jobs and working class living standards, billionaire real-estate and casino developer Jeffrey Gural reacted to the Southern Tier region's failure to secure a casino by telling Albany reporters, “Bad day? I think the Southern Tier just got wiped out economically. These poor people, they are going to have no jobs. Take a ride around the Southern Tier, and see what it looks like. It's about as depressed an area as there is, and when you had a chance to help these people with the fracking and the casino—they give them a doubleheader. I feel bad for the people.”
Gural also stated that they felt like a “fool” for spending $800,000 in 2013 to help Cuomo pass a state referendum allowing casino expansion in the first place.
Cuomo, for their part, recognized the dire employment prospects for many in the region and cynically held out casino expansion as a potential jobs program, stating to reporters, “They need jobs, and they need income, and what's the alternative to fracking? And I think that's a very good question, and I think it's our responsibility to develop an alternative for that community for safe, clean economic development.”
Residents are well aware that the Southern Tier region is economically depressed and that there is need for a serious jobs program throughout the state, but there is little evidence that the expansion of casinos would do much more than increase the wealth of casino moguls and real-estate developers like Jeffrey Gural.
Casinos require relatively minor investment. The jobs created are largely low-paying and offer little opportunity for advancement or skills that are transferable to other industries. In addition, studies have shown that the huge sums they generate are largely taken from the pockets of the working class and given to the state and wealthy investors. Meanwhile, less money is spent on other goods and services, effectively acting as an economic drain on any region that has a casino but is unable to attract wealthy tourists willing to part with their money.
Furthermore, the industry as a whole has been trending downwards for years, as more and more cities build them to “revitalize” their economies and online gambling increases in popularity. Atlantic City, New Jersey, once a major gambling location on the east coast of the US, has seen casino revenue decline for the past eight years and several major casinos have closed in the past year, leaving thousands jobless. The Revel, which stands 70 stories high and cost $2.4 billion, has filed for bankruptcy twice since it opened in 2012. It most recently closed in the summer of 2014, and was recently purchased for $95.4 million by a Florida real estate magnate. The casino had received over $200 million in state tax incentives throughout its short period of operations.
In New York, there are currently 19 casinos operating with the state's consent, many of them run by the state's Native American tribes. The Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls is the largest hotel space outside of Manhattan and, since its opening in 2012, has done little to improve the prospects for workers in the surrounding area.
Known as the home of the largest waterfalls in the world, the city of Niagara Falls was also once a major industrial center but has suffered greatly in recent decades as a result of deindustrialization. Between 1960 and 2010, over 50,000 people left the city, effectively cutting its population in half. Today approximately a quarter of its population lives in poverty. Thirteen years after opening, the Seneca Niagara casino continues to exist alongside empty factories and abandoned homes. In 2012, on the casino's tenth anniversary, local resident Joey Sedore told the Buffalo News, “I don't see how I'm benefiting from any of this. It really hasn't transformed anything except that property right there.”
As Niagara Falls, Atlantic City and countless other towns and cities demonstrate, casino expansion is not a credible job program and must be viewed as an effort by big business politicians to offer workers low-wage service-sector employment while helping to enrich wealthy casinos and real estate developers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The site of a US drone strike in Dera Ismail Khan, Pakistan.
Source: Isambard Wilkinson, "US Drone Strike Kills Wife of Pakistani Taliban Leader Baitullah Mehsud," telegraph.co.uk, Aug. 5, 2009 A new report found that 42% of the identified people killed by US drone strikes in Pakistan were militants, including the 12% confirmed to be members of al Qaeda. 46% were identified as civilians, while the remaining 12% were of unknown status.
The Oct. 16, 2014 findings were released by the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, an independent nonprofit based at City University London, UK, as part of a project called Naming the Dead. The project's objective is to identify the victims of US drone strikes in Pakistan. Of the 2,379 people killed since the first strike in Pakistan in June 2004, 704 have been identified so far (29.6%). 295 of those were militants, 84 have been identified as belonging to al Qaeda, 322 were believed to be civilians, and 87 were unable to be determined as civilian or militant. The report defines militants as "members of some kind of armed group," although it also states that 30% of the militants "are not even linked to a specific group."
Only two of the named victims were female. One of the report's researchers, Jack Serle, surmised that the gender discrepancy may be partly due to segregation between males and females in parts of Pakistan, with women less likely to be "exposed or out in the fields."
Serle stated in the report that "the CIA itself does not seem to know the affiliation of everyone they kill." Citing leaked CIA documents logging drone strike victims, "hundreds of those killed" were labeled "as Afghan or Pakistani fighters, or as 'unknown.'" In Serle's view, the report highlights "a fundamental lack of transparency about what's being done in America," and they said "there are a huge number of people we know nothing about and will never know anything about" amongst the recorded victims.
Mustafa Qadri, Pakistan researcher for Amnesty International, said the findings "demonstrate the continuing complete lack of transparency surrounding US drone operations."
When asked for a response, US National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden stated that "the death of innocent civilians is something that the US Government seeks to avoid if at all possible. In those rare instances in which it appears non-combatants may have been killed or injured, after-action reviews have been conducted to determine why, and to ensure that we are taking the most effective steps to minimize such risk to non-combatants in the future."
In a separate finding based on an analysis of "credible media reports," the Bureau has estimated that "at least 400 civilians" have been killed by drones in Pakistan. "Some were unlucky enough to be nearby when militants were attacked," the Bureau stated. "Others were killed alongside their husbands or fathers, who were believed to be militants. Still others were mistaken for terrorists by drone operators sitting thousands of miles away."
US drones have also killed several high-ranking militant operatives, including al Qaeda's second-in-command, Abu Yahya al Libi, and Pakistan Taliban commander, Baitullah Mehsud. CIA Director John Brennan has touted the drone program for its "surgical precision – the ability, with laser-like focus, to eliminate the cancerous tumor called an al Qaeda terrorist while limiting damage to the tissue around it." Secretary of State John Kerry stated in 2013 that "The only people we fire a drone at are confirmed terrorist targets at the highest level," they said. "We don't just fire a drone at somebody and think they're a terrorist."
Sources:
Bureau of Investigative Journalism, "Naming the Dead: About," thebureauinvestigates.com (accessed Oct. 24, 2014)
Abigail Fielding-Smith, "When Only 4 Per Cent of Those Killed by US Drone Strikes Are Named Members of al-Qaeda, It's Hard to Trust American Foreign Policy," independent.co.uk, Oct. 22, 2014
Madeline Grant, "Only 12% of People Killed in US Drone Strikes in Pakistan Identified as Militants, Says Report," newsweek.com, Oct. 17, 2014
Jack Serle, "Only 4% of Drone Victims in Pakistan Named as al Qaeda Members," thebureauinvestigates.com, Oct. 16, 2014
Jack Serle, "IamA Journalist Whose Latest Investigation Found That Only 4% of Those Named as Killed by Drones in Pakistan Were Members of al Qaeda. AMA," reddit.com, Oct. 24, 2014
Thomas Wyke, "Al-Qaida Militants Make Up Just 4% of US Drone Victims in Pakistan," ibtimes.co.uk, Oct. 17, 2014
In one of the world's greatest self-referential in-jokes, Countdown contestant Danny Davies has worn a T-shirt commemorating the appearance of Maurice Moss on Countdown in an episode of The IT Crowd.
Youtube Video
Davies appeared on the show wearing a T-shirt that said “Good morning, that's a nice TNETENNBA” in homage to Moss, who famously won Countdown with the nine-letter word “TNETENNBA” and was then asked to use it in a sentence.
The IT Crowd creator Graham Linehan was suitably chuffed, tweeting “Hurrah!”, when a fan sent them the picture of Davies. To which Davies replied with another classic IT Crowd/Countdown episode reference:
@Glinner well, I didn't get any 9-letter words! I went there to drink milk and kick ass, but I only finished the milk! — Danny Davies (@PondoBaba) November 18, 2014
Host Nick Hewer didn't really seem to understand the joke, but a few murmurs of laughter showed at least some of the studio audience were both The IT Crowd and Countdown fans.
Sadly, Davies only appeared on the show for one round, losing out to then reigning champion Laurence Killen, who had an eight-episode winning streak. ®
Misappropriation of funds is a serious problem in the world of charitable donations, in many cases under 5% reach the intended recipients. Could cryptocurrency help increase that amount and help direct these funds to where they are really needed? There are some advantages to public blockchains and cryptocurrency that could help push that number in the right direction.
Widespread adoption of cryptocurrency by non profit organizations could help them provide a level of transparency and accountability which traditional currencies and financial services will never match. Since all transactions are recorded on a cryptocurrency's publicly viewable blockchain, any individual would be able to monitor the financial activity of non-profit funding. Because of this increased transparency, organizations misleading donors as to where their money is going would find it much more difficult to deceive if both parties used only cryptocurrency.
Non-profit fund misappropriation is a serious problem, particularly affecting the people that the donations were intended to help. According to a report done by the Tampa Bay Times and Center for Investigative Reporting, America's 50 worst charities paid solicitors 935.6 million dollars over a 10 year period, while only 43.9 million went to direct cash aid. This amounts to only five percent of incoming donations that are actually making it to the people who need it. To make matters worse, these charities often take advantage of groups with an upstanding reputation such as veterans, firefighters, and police. Other groups regularly exploited for profit include women, children, as well as the sick and disabled.
In 2014 Americans gave 358.38 billion (about 2% of total GDP) to charity. With generosity of this scale, it's time for donors to start demanding more efficiency, accountability, and transparency, with lower administrative costs. If there were an easy way for donors to trace money they've given, it could ensure that the most generous in our society can provide even better assistance to those in need.
If more charities started accepting cryptocurrency, they could provide far superior transparency and accountability to their donors. Since all cryptocurrency transactions are recorded on the blockchain (a list of transactions that have occurred on the network), the donor can use a block explorer on any internet browser to trace their donation and see where it ends up. Some charities have already started accepting bitcoin, which is currently the most popular digital currency. However the majority of charities currently accepting are hesitant to test its full potential, avoiding perceived volatility, and opting for immediate conversion to fiat. This will eventually change when everyone begins accepting cryptocurrency and the charity begins to pay for all expenses using it.
Non profit organizations with nothing to hide will gladly accept the opportunity to publicly prove how many people they help, and show donors the impact their money can have. Their shadowy counterparts who exploit the misfortune of others, will likely remain in fiat, as publicly viewable records of their dirty dealings would certainly be bad for business.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 19, 2016, 1:18 PM GMT / Updated April 19, 2016, 2:23 PM GMT By Alexander Smith and Emma Ong
A 21-year-old world champion snowboarder was killed by an avalanche in Switzerland on Tuesday, officials said.
Estelle Balet celebrates with champagne after they won the women's snowboard event during the Verbier Xtreme Freeride World Tour final on April 2. FABRICE COFFRINI / AFP - Getty Images
Estelle Balet died during a film shoot near the southwest border with Italy and France, according to a statement from local police.
Balet had earned their second world title as part of the Freeride World Tour in Verbier, Switzerland, earlier this month.
They subsequently posted a video on Instagram showing "highlights" from their run there.
"Estelle Balet was a naturally gifted shining star and demonstrated remarkable talent as they quickly became a household name on the Freeride World Tour," the the event said in a statement. "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Estelle Balet as we send our deepest sympathy and condolences during this very difficult time."
Estelle Balet in March 2015. Jean-christophe Bott / Keystone via AP
Balet died on Le Portalet, a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif above the Swiss resort of Orsières.
They were the second snowboarder to pass through a ravine in quick succession at around 8 a.m. local time (2 a.m. ET), according to the police statement. This triggered an avalanche that carried on for more than 3,000 feet and "swept away the athlete," the statement added.
Balet was wearing a rescue beacon, a helmet and an airbag, which snowboarders use to create an air pocket in the event of an avalanche, police added.
Mountain rescue specialists immediately flew to the site by helicopter. Balet had already been freed from the snow by the time they arrived but they were pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
Two weeks ago, the Swiss national posted a photo on Instagram celebrating with fellow snowboarder Marion Haerty.
"So THIS just happened! Looks like i just won the Verbier XTREME and by the way the World Champion Title," Balet wrote, as they posed with a bottle. "Can't wait to even more of this next season!"
Balet posted on their Facebook page Sunday that they were scheduled to do some filming on the mountainside this week.
[Python-Dev] The endless GIL debate: why not remove thread support instead?
Last month there was a discussion on Python-Dev regarding removal of reference counting to remove the GIL. I hope you forgive me for continuing the debate. I think reference counting is a good feature. It prevents huge piles of garbage from building up. It makes the interpreter run more smoothly. It is not just important for games and multimedia applications, but also servers under high load. Python does not pause to look for garbage like Java or .NET. It only pauses to look for dead reference cycles. This can be safely turned off temporarily; it can be turned off completely if you do not create reference cycles. With Java and .NET, no garbage is ever reclaimed except by the intermittent garbage collection. Python always reclaims an object when the reference count drops to zero  whether the GC is enabled or not. This makes Python programs well-behaved. For this reason, I think removing reference counting is a genuinely bad idea. Even if the GIL is evil, this remedy is even worse. I am not a Python core developer; I am a research scientist who use Python because Matlab is (or used to be) a bad programming language, albeit a good computing environment. As most people who have worked with scientific computing know, there are better paradigms for concurrency than threads. In particular, there are message-passing systems like MPI and Erlang, and there are autovectorizing compilers for OpenMP and Fortran 90/95. There are special LAPACK, BLAS and FFT libraries for parallel computer architectures. There are fork-join systems like cilk and java.util.concurrent. Threads seem to be used only because mediocre programmers don't know what else to use. I genuinely think the use of threads should be discouraged. It leads to code that are full of bugs and difficult to maintain - race conditions, deadlocks, and livelocks are common pitfalls. Very few developers are capable of implementing efficient load-balancing by hand. Multi-threaded programs tend to scale badly because they are badly written. If the GIL discourages the abuse of threads, it serves a purpose albeit being evil like the Linux kernel's BKL. Python could be better off doing what tcl does. Allow each process to embed multiple interpreters; run each interpreter in its own thread. Implement a fast message-passing system between the interpreters (e.g. copy-on-write by making communicated objects immutable), and Python would be closer to Erlang than Java. I thus think the main offender is the thread and threading modules - not the GIL. Without thread support in the interpreter, there would be no threads. Without threads, there would be no need for a GIL. Both sources of evil can be removed by just removing thread support from the Python interpreter. In addition, it would make Python faster at executing linear code. Just copy the concurrency model of Erlang instead of Java and get rid of those nasty threads. In the meanwhile, I'll continue to experiment with multiprocessing. Removing reference counting to encourage the use of threads is like shooting ourselves in the leg twice. Thats my two cents on this issue. There is another issue to note as well: If you can endure a 200x loss of efficacy by using Python instead of Fortran, scalability on dual or quad-core processors may not be that important. Just move the bottlenecks out of Python and you are much better off. Regards, Sturla Molden
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BRC director general Stephen Robertson: "Increases in utility bills have dented the customers' ability to spend"
Retail sales in the UK were lower in August as the popularity of the Olympics hit traffic at stores, a survey has shown.
Retail sales fell 0.4% on a like-for-like basis from the same month last year, according to the British Retail Consortium (BRC).
Excluding Easter, it was the weakest month since November.
"The feel good factor from the Olympics failed to inspire spending," the BRC said.
In particular, online shopping grew 4.8% in August, the lowest increase since the BRC started collecting the data in October 2008.
"There's no evidence here of any Olympic boost to retail sales overall," said BRC director general Stephen Robertson.
"Hot weather and the Olympics did help sales of party food and drink but that was more than offset by a really weak performance for non-food goods."
Shops in central London saw a sharp drop in visitors during the Olympic Games.
'More empty shops'
The BRC acknowledged this, but said that the net effect of the Games was minimal as "lower footfall in London was offset by a better performance in the rest of the country".
In terms of fashion, the autumn-winter ranges in womenswear did not attract many shoppers, the BRC said.
But women's footwear attracted more buyers than men's shoes.
Separate figures, compiled by the Local Data Company (LDC), suggested the proportion of shops lying empty increased in every region in Britain bar London between January and June.
An average of 14.6% of shops now remain empty across Britain, according to the LDC.
It said a dramatic drop in consumer spending, higher online sales and retail space expansion were to blame for the high vacancy rate.
KENNER, La. — Gov. Bobby Jindal, who is Louisiana's first nonwhite governor since Reconstruction but whose popularity plummeted as the state struggled with a $1.6 billion shortfall, announced Wednesday that they are running for president in 2016.
Mr. Jindal, 44, an Indian-American, joins the crowded field of Republican contenders in what even their supporters call a long-shot candidacy.
Standing before a giant American flag at an event center in this New Orleans suburb, Mr. Jindal presented themselves as a policy writer whose résumé — as a two-term governor and a former member of congress who once led the state health agency and the University of Louisiana system — sets them apart. They said that Louisiana cut the number of “government bureaucrats” by more than 30,000 positions, and that the state now had the highest population in its history, with more people moving to Louisiana than leaving it.
“There are a lot of great talkers running for president already,” Mr. Jindal said, adding: “We've had enough of talkers. It is time for a doer.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday that they wouldn't defend presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump's attacks on a federal judge's ethnicity because they were “indefensible.”
“Claiming a person can't do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment,” Ryan said at a news conference. “I think that should be absolutely disavowed.”
But, Ryan said that Republicans would still be better off with Trump in the White House than Hillary Clinton.
“I'm not going to defend these kinds of comments because they're indefensible,” Ryan said. “I'm going to defend our ideas. I'm going to defend our majority.”
Trump had said that U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over cases against Trump University in California, has a conflict of interest because of their “Mexican heritage.” The business person has railed against Hispanics since they launched their campaign, when they infamously stated that some undocumented immigrants were “rapists” and “criminals.”
“I think it's wrong,” Ryan said. “The way I look at this is if you say something that's wrong, I think the mature and responsible thing is to acknowledge it was wrong.”
Ryan's comments on Tuesday are much stronger than they were last week. A day after Ryan endorsed Trump, the House Speaker said the real estate mogul's comments were “totally out of left field.”
Here's video of Ryan's comment:
Dozens of people gathered outside the Manitoba Legislature on Tuesday morning to protest cuts to the lactation program at Women's Hospital.
In mid-July, the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority announced it will be cutting a service that assists new mothers to breastfeed their babies at Health Sciences Centre to help meet its goal of finding $83 million in total savings this year.
Brett Mann, a mother of two, is one of the organizers behind Tuesday's rally. They said lactation consultants provide a vital role not only ensuring babies get enough milk but also in easing stress on new mothers.
"Having that first point of contact right in hospital and knowing you can have that support ongoing I think is very important to a lot of parents," they said.
Protest organizers say cuts to the lactation program at Women's Hospital are 'crazy.' (Gary Solilak/CBC)
A spokesperson for Manitoba's Health Minister said Monday while the lactation consultation program is being cut, new moms still have options in Winnipeg to help with breastfeeding.
"These services continue to be available where they are most accessible to new mothers, which is in the community. This includes one-on-one consultations and breastfeeding clinics," the spokesperson said in an email.
"We recognize the importance of breastfeeding supports and education, which is why the WRHA is expanding lactation support training to include the full complement of nurses on postpartum wards."
Both a nurse educator and clinical nurse specialist will be hired, the spokesperson said, to train nurses to assist new mothers with breastfeeding.
The Winnipeg Regional Health Authority said providing this training will ensure lactation support is available around the clock. Currently lactation consultants are only available for 10 hours per day.
Breastfeeding support is available at six clinics in Winnipeg.
'A safety net' for mothers
Mann said they have their doubts whether nurses have the ability to take on the sometimes time-consuming role of coaxing a newborn to feed properly.
"People need to understand that this type of service isn't frivolous, it's not redundant, it's not something you can just roll into duties of other nurses, it's important," said Mann. "I think it's almost as front-line as you get."
Julie Mungall saw a lactation consultant at Women's Hospital in 2012 when they gave birth to their daughter.
While they attended courses in the community including the La Leche League to learn how to breastfeed, they still saw a difference in the kind of one-on-one care offered by the lactation consultant.
"Yes, you can go into your community, you can go to breastfeeding support, you can do all of those things but learning how to nurse your baby before you go home, that's important stuff and to take away those services — it's crazy," said Mungall.
During their first night with their daughter, Mungall said they struggled to get them to latch to the point where they felt like a "nervous wreck."
"It was so painful I was crying," they said.
They credit a second visit from a lactation consultant for turning things around.
"Without that lactation consultant being there for me that night I wouldn't have had such a positive outcome," said Mungall, who ended up breastfeeding their daughter for three years.
The Family Feeding Support Picnic began at 10:30 a.m. at the Manitoba Legislature grounds on Tuesday.
This Is The Worst App In The World
If you set out to build an incredibly annoying application, what would you create?
If you are Daniel Zarick and Benedict Fritz, the answer to that question is The Shakedown. The app, borne out of Zarick's torrid fever dream, is what they described in an email as “the dumbest idea [he] could imagine.” The Shakedown is so bad, it's almost good.
Kidding, it's terrible. But the duo built the app, it's now live in the iOS App Store, and will be touching down on Android sometime later today.
Zarick, a friend with whom I occasionally consume alcoholic beverages, should have known better.
What does it do? Every new user (sucker?) is awarded 10,000 points at the start. Then, they can select a rival user from one of their social graphs such as Twitter, and shake their phone in a waving-like motion. That action deducts points from the picked rival, and adds it to the user's score.
That's it.
Oh, and you can give the duo $0.99 in-app to protect your score for a short period of time. Consider it digital protection money. Fuck you, pay me.
If the app is so abysmally terrible, why bring it to your attention? Simple: Jokes are becoming ‘things' in the current bubble, and so I would be remiss to not bring you something so foolish and lame that it could just be the next Flappy Bird. Or TimberMan, whatever.
But to confess I mostly just wanted to post this tool dancing:
I'm looking forward to The Shakedown raising a huge round. News at 11.
You've got to hand it to Donald Trump. I mean, he's turned NFL owners, of all people, into defenders of the First Amendment.
These are people who've devoted their lives first to making fortunes and second to plowing them into the ultimate adolescent fantasy toy—an NFL franchise. We may fairly wonder whether men who made millions in packaging material (Bob Kraft, New England), Hardee's and Denny's franchises (Jerry Richardson, Carolina), wallboard advertising (Dan Snyder, Washington), and sale of a cogeneration plant to Enron (Robert McNair, Houston) have spent much time contemplating the Bill of Rights.
But the owners stepped up Sunday. Cautiously, but they did it. The statement by McNair—and in fairness, he's involved with a lot of educational and cultural philanthropy, so they seem to have a view of the world that's broader than money and football—was compelling, especially so considering that they preside over a team in Houston. “The comments made by the President were divisive and counterproductive to what we need right now,” it read in part. That's not bad, for a 79-year-old rich white Texas football team owner.
We don't know where this is headed—whether, for example, the number of kneelers will spread and spread with each successive Sunday, or whether this was a one-off thing to send a message to the White House. But it's clear enough what's at stake. This is about two competing visions of society and ideas about patriotism.
Trump's vision is of a society where the rules are the rules and those who break them—at least some of them—must be repudiated, scorned, and even denied livelihood. I was thinking about this Sunday, and it's hard to see what distinguishes Trump's remarks in Alabama last Friday and the kinds of things that used to be said by Joe McCarthy and the chairpeople of the House Un-American Activities Committee.
What discernible difference is there between HUAC demanding that Hollywood studios fire “un-American” writers and actors and Trump calling on NFL owners to fire kneeling players? Absolutely none.
Likewise, their idea of patriotism reduces it to the bluntest of gestures and makes patently false allegations about the motives of dissenters. Colin Kaepernick and the others didn't start kneeling to disrespect soldiers or veterans, or in protest of any war. They started kneeling to protest the frequent shootings of young black men by police. You can like that or not like that, but it has nothing to do with the military. Trump is, as usual, lying and being a demagogue.
And of course he's being a racist, too. No, as they protested Sunday, they didn't mention race. They didn't have to. Smart demagogues haven't explicitly mentioned race for a couple generations now.
The other vision is of a society where of course there are rules, but when people break or challenge them to appeal to the very principles those rules are intended to maintain, we should, even if grudgingly, respect that. For my own part, I never cared much for this whole kneeling business, because I always figured it would spark exactly what has happened here; that is, we're not having a conversation about police shootings, we're having a conversation about kneeling. But there are a lot of things I don't agree with that I recognize people have the right to do. And that leads us to the other idea of patriotism, which is that love of country doesn't mean love of symbols or wars, but of the principles in the Constitution and Bill of Rights.
Trump could have raised this issue in a way that would have put the league and the owners in more of a bind, simply by being more circumspect in their rhetoric, appealing to the owners' collective sense of patriotism, which is surely a lot closer to theirs than to Kaepernick's. But if they did that, they wouldn't be Trump. So they made their case, their appeal to the collective id of Duck Dynasty America, in a way that outraged even conservative multi-millionaire football owners.
Because of that, this disgraceful episode may yet prove to be a civic blessing. This week, I'd imagine, we'll start to see polling on all this. One is tempted to think the worst of our fellow Americans in these situations. On the other hand, if even the very Republican club of NFL owners saw the offense in Trump's remarks, maybe that means that most regular Americans will see it, too.
There was a guy quoted in a Times story I read Monday, a 61-year-old man with an Italian surname from White Plains. They said they were a Republican who voted for Trump, but they had a measured view of things. Of the kneelers, they said: “I understand what they're trying to get at, I just think there are better ways of expressing yourself.” And of Trump, they said, “I think this is a battle they don't need to get into.”
I hope, and cautiously believe, that this man represents the consensus. If they do, then it means that more and more Americans are learning who and what Donald Trump is. God knows, they keep showing us.
Kerry was diagnosed with breast cancer while pregnant at 18 weeks; Trish, with Hodgkin lymphoma at 32 weeks; and Mara, a second breast cancer at 12 weeks.
Kerry and Mara delivered healthy daughters, and Trish, a son. Their stories, highlighted on the website Hope for Two…The Pregnant with Cancer Network, Amherst, NY, tell of the shock of learning about their cancer, the fear for their unborn babies while undergoing treatment, and their delight, years later, in being able to watch their children thrive.
RELATED: Ob/Gyn Resource Center
The chance of being diagnosed with cancer while pregnant is rare: approximately one in 1,000. Breast cancer is the most common diagnosis, seen in approximately one in 3,000 pregnancies.1
However, cancers that occur more often in younger people are those that also tend to occur during pregnancy; these include cervical and thyroid cancer, Hodgkin lymphoma, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and melanoma. Gestational trophoblastic tumor, albeit rare, may also be diagnosed.1 In addition, many women are becoming pregnant at older ages, and as a result, cancer incidence during pregnancy is increasing.2
One of the challenges in treating women who are diagnosed with cancer during pregnancy is its rarity. In fact, “few oncologists or obstetricians treat more than two or three patients in this situation in an entire career,” according to the Cooper University Health Care website.
To address this dearth of information, Elyce Cardonick, MD, an Ob/Gyn maternal-fetal medicine specialist at Cooper University Health Care, Camden, NJ, who is on the Hope for Two advisory board, maintains the Cancer and Pregnancy Registry, a database of all pregnant women diagnosed with cancer, which follows their children not only until birth, but ongoing annually.
“Pregnant women diagnosed with cancer find the registry helpful in learning how many other pregnant women were diagnosed and treated for the same cancer during pregnancy,” Cooper noted.
That is also the rationale behind Hope for Two, which is “dedicated to providing women diagnosed with cancer while pregnant with information, support, and hope.” The organization was founded in 1997 by three women who were diagnosed and treated for cancer while pregnant. To date, Hope for Two has counseled and supported, worldwide, more than 950 women in this predicament.
While 70% of these women have received a diagnosis of breast cancer, 28 types of cancer are represented. “Women find it important to speak with another woman who has had the same type of cancer and stage; Hope for Two provides that support,” they note.3
Interpreting the Signs of Cancer Through Pregnancy
Cancer during pregnancy may confound initial diagnosis. Many symptoms of cancer—abdominal bloating, frequent headaches, rectal bleeding—are common during pregnancy and may elude suspicion. Pregnant women with breast cancer are often diagnosed 2 to 6 months later than nonpregnant women due to enlarged breasts (making it difficult to detect small tumors) and avoidance of mammograms during pregnancy.
In some cases, routine tests or examinations conducted during a pregnancy will reveal an underlying cancer, such as cervical or ovarian. Diagnostic x-rays and CT scans are considered safe during pregnancy, with the exception of the abdomen or pelvis, which should only be radiated if necessary. MRIs, ultrasound, and biopsies are also deemed safe during pregnancy.1
This article originally appeared on Cancer Therapy Advisor
Idaho State University researchers have created uranium crystals by crushing nuclear fuel pellets and heating them in a furnace. This will allow scientists to be able to examine a single uranium crystal and how heat moves through it, giving them a better understanding of how to create safer fuels for reactors.
Pocatello – Mention the word “crystals” and few people think of nuclear fuel.
Unless you are Eric Burgett.
The Idaho State University professor is on a quest to create pure, single crystals of uranium and uranium oxide so researchers at Idaho National Laboratory and elsewhere can better understand the material and design higher performance fuels to power nuclear reactors.
Burgett and their team of graduate students have successfully manufactured cerium oxide crystals as a practice run (cerium can be a nonradioactive surrogate for uranium or plutonium). The team produced its first uranium oxide crystal in June at ISU's Research in Science and Engineering (RISE) facility in Pocatello.
“A single crystal allows researchers to test and study a material in its simplest form,” said Burgett, who also is a Center for Advanced Energy Studies affiliate.
Burgett first became interested in crystals and their potential to advance nuclear energy research as a doctoral student at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
They grew zinc oxide crystals for use in neutron detectors. From there, they began experimenting with uranium and plutonium oxide crystals.
In Fiscal Year 2010, they were part of a team that won U.S. Department of Energy funding to create single uranium oxide crystals.
Researchers have long studied the physical characteristics of uranium oxide – the primary fuel for the nation's nuclear reactor fleet.
But they examine uranium oxide fuel pellets, which are composed of multiple crystallites randomly mixed together and whose microstructural makeup can vary from batch to batch. That variance makes studying it and predicting what happens to it in a reactor difficult.
“About 95 percent of the crystals that make up the uranium oxide are randomly oriented. There is no order,” Burgett said. “How can you accurately model and simulate a fuel pellet crystal with randomness? With the crystals we are growing, you can. We will be able to examine a single uranium or uranium oxide crystal and how heat moves through it. That gives us a baseline to understand what happens to the material as it gets more complex and the crystal structure changes.”
To make the crystals, Burgett and their team crush nuclear fuel pellets donated by INL and then heat them in a furnace at the RISE building. Once the crystals grow, they are removed, inspected, and then polished.
The multiday process results in a crystal with atoms precisely aligned. The crystal can be studied to understand how heat moves through it.
“The goal is to build a safer fuel for a safer reactor,” Burgett said.
INL researchers are excited about Burgett's work and are planning to acquire uranium and uranium oxide crystals.
INL and other scientists will subject the crystals to a variety of tests to better understand how the material behaves, said INL's Rory Kennedy, technical lead for metallic fuel technology development in DOE's Fuel Cycle Research and Development program. Such understanding is a key part of producing better fuel.
“The more you understand a material, the better you can design a material,” Kennedy said. “These single crystals will allow us to study and understand uranium and uranium oxide in its simplest form.”
Kennedy said few people are growing crystals of this type to study, which makes Burgett's research exceptional.
Image: Idaho National Laboratory
It's one of the prettiest Aston Martin DB5's I've ever seen, but they want a cool million pounds sterling for it – and one could buy a rather nice house for that – but it remains one of the prettiest Aston Martin's I've ever seen. It hasn't been owned by someone of great historical significance, it may or may not have “stories to tell”, but it's a car that draws one to it like a magnet. The colour combination is perfect, it has a delightful patina of gentle usage, just enough to give it character, it is a car that just oozes “Best of Britishness, the art of the British automotive designer and engineer at their best.
This is an Aston Martin DB5 that is not a James Bond car look alike, it stands alone in unique beauty that does not need to copy something it is not.
It is something of a rarity, one of only 123 built, and it has been given a thorough beauty treatment and mechanical overhaul back in 2005 by Chris Shenton Engineering.
Amazingly since that thorough overhaul in 2005 the car was driven for only 3000 miles, a fact that leaves me completely open mouthed. How could one own a car as delightful as this, and so tempting, and not take it out for a drive at every opportunity? This is a car that would even make driving in peak hour traffic a joy.
At the Bonhams auction at the up-coming Goodwood Revival this is a car that might just get overlooked because of the calibre of so many of the other items on offer and yet I suspect it won't be ignored because it is just such an eye magnet.
This is a car that transcends mere technical details. It's a car that doesn't need to be faster than everything else, or corner faster, or outperform in any way really. Its value is inherent in what it is.
You will find the Bonhams auction page if you click here.
And if you happen to be going to the Goodwood Revival on 12th September 2015 then drop by and have a look at this California Sage green DB5 convertible with Sand Connolly leather interior. It's likely to be a memory that will stay with you.
Jon Branch is the founder and senior editor of Revivaler and has written a significant number of articles for various publications including official Buying Guides for eBay, classic car articles for Hagerty, magazine articles for both the Australian Shooters Journal and the Australian Shooter, and he's a long time contributor to Silodrome. Jon has done radio, television, magazine and newspaper interviews on various issues, and has traveled extensively, having lived in Britain, Australia, China and Hong Kong. Their travels have taken them to Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan and a number of other countries. They have studied the Japanese sword arts and has a long history of involvement in the shooting sports, which has included authoring submissions to government on various firearms related issues and assisting in the design and establishment of shooting ranges.
Maps contained within the pages of 17th-, 18th-, and 19th-century books are still being unearthed. Of the one million images that the Library extracted from scanned volumes and explosed on Flickr Commons, over 2,100 have already been tagged as maps by the public!
As these map images are in the public domain and so open for reuse, we've seen new interpretations, further exposure, and interesting geospatial applications. For instance, John Leighton's 1895 diagrammatic map of London Indexed in Two-Mile Hexagons has been brought up to date and into space in this dynamic visualisation created for International Open Data Day tomorrow in Osaka City, Japan. Though I've been warned that this is a work-in-progress, it is impressive already; the newly geo-aware index is interactively linked to its 18 component hexagonal maps, with the current location in OpenStreetMap appearing alongside. Ollie described the purpose of Leighton's mapping scheme in their Mapping London blog post in December. The results of making these maps available just keep getting better.
Work-in-progress at http://museum-media.jp/london/
Leighton's index map, the 18 component maps, and other images from the book
Here at the Library we're anticipating opening up the 2,100+ maps for public georeferencing. Once all of the one million images get tagged with keywords in Flickr, those identified as maps will be consolidated and released via BL Georeferencer. Please lend a hand by finding and tagging any maps among the remaining images!
Tristen Killman-Hardin, the Norman, Oklahoma man who was accused of rape by three high school classmates, entered a no contest plea today on charges that they raped one of them while they were unconscious. Killman-Hardin, 18, admitted to the rape in an audio recording obtained by Jezebel in November.
Advertisement
According to court records, Killman-Hardin was sentenced to ten years in prison, but eight of them have been suspended. With credit for time served, they will serve around 15 months in prison. The Cleveland County District Attorney's office confirmed the plea to Jezebel. Killman-Hardin will also be required to register as a sex offender for the rest of their life.
Our November story referred to Killman-Hardin's victim as “Grace,” who was then 16. In a conversation with a friend, they admitted to having raped them while they are, in their words, “asleep” and “incoherent.” Two other girls at Norman High School also accused Killman-Hardin of rape; they have not been criminally charged in those alleged incidents. The girls all said they were harassed and bullied out of school following the rapes, and accused Norman administrators of doing little to stop the bullying. They have all since returned to school and are doing well.
Update, 12:50 p.m.: Yes All Daughters — the feminist knitting circle turned activist organization who helped bring Killman-Hardin to justice — also launched a petition today in support of the Teach Safe Relationships Act. The bill is sponsored by Senator Tim Kaine of Viriginia; it would create new funding to help teach sexual assault prevention in schools, including education on relationship abuse, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment. The Yes All Daughters petition supporting the bill is here.
Advertisement
Tristen Killman-Hardin. Image via Facebook
Requires DCS World version 2.5.2 or above!
DCS: NS 430 Navigation System
The NS 430 GPS navigation system, is an optional add-on module for most DCS World aircraft. It provides powerful, yet intuitive, navigation and radio communications options to supplement the navigation and radio systems already integrated into your aircraft. The NS 430 is particularly useful for older aircraft with less sophisticated navigation and communication systems.
This module provides ability to display the NS 430 as a pop-up window in almost all aircraft (except for those that have their own advanced navigation systems like the A-10C, Ka-50 and F/A-18C).
Currently flat mode is incompatible with VR devices.
DCS: NS 430 Navigation System for DCS: Mi-8MTV2 Cockpit
The NS 430 for the Mi-8MTV2 module integrates the NS 430 panel directly into the Mi-8MTV2 cockpit (not as a pop-up display). The NS 430 is fully wired into the electrical and radio systems of the Mi-8MTV2.
The NS 430 panel is placed in the right side of the cockpit.
DCS: NS 430 Navigation System for DCS: L-39С Cockpit
The NS 430 for the L-39 module integrates the NS 430 panel directly into the L-39C cockpit (not as a pop-up display). The NS 430 is fully wired into the electrical and radio systems of the L-39.
The NS 430 panel is placed in the front cockpit, and the gunsight must be turned off to operate the NS 430.
For work of this module, you must also own the DCS: Mi-8MTV2 and DCS: L-39 Albatros modules.
Corbett Family Hall, O'Neill Hall and Duncan Student Center
The University of Notre Dame will publicly unveil the largest construction project in its 175-year history with a pair of events during Kicks & Flicks Week August 20 through 25. From a football scrimmage and tours of new facilities to a movie on the video board, fans of all ages are invited to experience the enhanced amenities in and around Notre Dame Stadium during these events.
On Sunday (Aug. 20), the New & Gold Game will feature a simulation of a game day experience including a Fighting Irish scrimmage, a performance by the Notre Dame Marching Band and participation from the Notre Dame cheerleaders. Self-guided tours of portions of Duncan Student Center (the building located on the west side of the stadium), Corbett Family Hall (the east building), and O'Neill Hall (the south building) will also be available for fans to see some of the University's newest spaces.
Tours will be held from 2 to 6 p.m. and offered on a first-come, first-served basis. Guests wishing to tour Duncan Student Center should line up at Door 12 on the south side exterior of the building. There will be no stadium concourse access for tours of Duncan Student Center. Elevators will take guests to the Dahnke Ballroom on the seventh floor and the Rasmus Family Club on the eighth floor where they can view the premium seats and views of campus.
Tours of Corbett Family Hall will begin on the south side exterior of the building at Door 4. There will be no stadium concourse access for tours of Corbett Family Hall. Elevators will take guests to the Downes Club on the seventh floor and Level 8.
Tours of O'Neill Hall will begin on the upper concourse (fourth floor) on the south side of the stadium underneath the video board. Guests will be able to view South Club.
Attendees at the New & Gold Game will also have the opportunity to experience the latest Notre Dame Stadium enhancements including new and wider seating throughout the bowl; the addition of a Diamond Vision high-definition video board and sideline ribbon video boards; upgraded concession stands and restroom facilities; a 1930s art deco look added to the main concourse; the addition of nearly 150 television monitors throughout the concourse; new historical displays at Gate C honoring Irish football standouts; and improved cellular and Wi-Fi coverage.
Food will be available for purchase at some stadium concession stands. Gates will open at 2 p.m., and the scrimmage will begin at 3:30 p.m. Seating in the stadium bowl will be general admission. Tailgating is prohibited prior to and during the New & Gold Game.
On Friday (Aug. 25), Notre Dame will welcome students back to campus and open the stadium again to visitors for Flick on the Field, an open house event featuring a showing of “Rudy” on the new video board.
Prior to the movie, fans will be entertained by music and can make purchases at some of the stadium concessions stands. Students from Notre Dame, Saint Mary's College and Holy Cross College will be allowed to sit on the football field to watch the movie. Students are permitted to bring blankets on the field, but food and drinks on the field are prohibited. Other attendees may sit in the stadium bowl and seating will be general admission.
Gates will open at 6 p.m. Guests should use Gates B and E for general admission seating, and students must enter the stadium via the tunnel entrance (across from Hesburgh Library) for access to the field. The movie will begin at 7:30 p.m. Both events are free, open to the public and will be held rain or shine. The University's stadium bag policy and other game day policies will be in place for these events. For more information, visit gameday.nd.edu.
Pacific Northwest business and political leaders on both sides of the Canadian border announced today a series of agreements to strengthen relationships between Seattle, Portland, Vancouver B.C. and the surrounding areas.
The new partnerships, made ahead of the second Cascadia Innovation Corridor conference in Seattle this week, focus on technology, economic development, education and transportation. Government officials, universities, companies and research institutions are participating in the effort, which is meant to bring together the regions that have a lot in common but are separated by an international border.
Here is a look at some of the new agreements announced ahead of the conference this week:
One of the most intriguing ideas that came out of last year's conference was a vision to build high-speed trains that would travel between Seattle and Vancouver in less than an hour. That idea is still alive and well. Microsoft kicked in $50,000 to supplement the state of Washington's $300,000 budget to study the plan.
The Global Innovation Exchange, a partnership between the University of Washington Tsinghua University in China, has added a third university to its program: University of British Columbia. The graduate technology school is housed in Bellevue, Wash. and will welcome its first class this fall. Microsoft chipped in $40 million for the school, which will be taught by teachers from UW, Tsinghua and now UBC. Students have the opportunity to spend time at each campus.
One of the most complicated parts of building a multi-national innovation partnership is financing. The Seattle-Vancouver Financial Innovation Network, with support from Microsoft and Madrona Venture Group, was formed to overcome those issues. The aim is to bring together investors, tech companies and regulators to establish an “international financial center” that makes it easier for investors on both sides of the border to pour money into tech companies.
Lake Washington Institute of Technology, British Columbia Institute of Technology and Oregon Institute of Technology will come together to build common curriculums and expand professional opportunities for students in the STEM fields throughout the corridor.
A new startup accelerator program covering Washington, Oregon and British Columbia will include business incubators, accelerators and universities initially with the possibility of adding venture capital firms and other innovation partners.
The inaugural Cascadia conference last year in Vancouver looked at how Seattle and Vancouver could work together to become an innovation hub through sessions on government leadership, education, transportation and investment. This year the scope is broader, including Oregon and representatives of other Northwest institutions. Microsoft has been a driving force in the cooperation between the regions, as well as the Cascadia conference, after opening a big development office in Vancouver last year.
“Last year we came together as a region to build something that we simply can't create apart: an innovation corridor to create more opportunity and prosperity on both sides of the border,” Microsoft President Brad Smith said. “By linking our two cities together through cross-border collaboration, research, funding and educational opportunities, we will spur new economic activity and opportunity that creates a better future for everyone.”
This year's conference slate doesn't have headliners the magnitude of last year's rare public conversation between Microsoft Co-founder Bill Gates and its current CEO Satya Nadella. But political and academic leaders from Washington and British Columbia will be joined by tech heavyweights like Microsoft's Smith, Redfin CEO Glenn Kelman, Hootsuite CEO Ryan Holmes and more.
Forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad have dramatically stepped up their attack on the Islamic State in recent weeks, just as the Trump administration is reportedly offering Turkey a larger military role in the assault on the terrorist group's self-proclaimed capital of Raqqa, two developments that could transform the battle against the Islamic State in its Syrian stronghold.
President Trump, in their long-awaited first call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan since taking office, discussed a deal to allow the country's special operations forces to participate in the Raqqa assault, according to sources and local reports.
But Mr. Assad's efforts to help isolate Raqqa from the Syrian city of al Bab, which has been under the terrorist group's sway since 2014, could further complicate the constellation of regional military and militia forces battling the Islamic State, also called ISIS or ISIL.
Further, the success of Syrian-led operations around al Bab could give the emboldened Assad regime an opening to secure a military role in the coalition's push toward Raqqa, which could significantly affect the looming battle for the Islamic State capital, senior regional analysts say.
“The U.S. has always had three offers to take Raqqa, [and] it does not like any of them,” said Joshua Landis, who heads the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma, regarding cooperation with Turkish, Syrian or Kurdish forces.
The Syrian operation to seize the high ground surrounding the main thoroughfare linking al Bab to Raqqa was unprecedented, Air Force Col. John Dorian, the top U.S. spokesperson for the coalition mission in Iraq and Syria, said Wednesday. Fox News reported that Mr. Assad is benefiting from an infusion of arms from Moscow as Russian President Vladimir Putin reduces their forces in the country.
Prior to the al Bab offensive, Mr. Assad's forces “were focused on Aleppo, and there really wasn't any significant ISIL presence in that city. So, it's probably fair to characterize it” as unprecedented, Col. Dorian told reporters at the Pentagon.
“There's not really anybody who's for leaving ISIL in place unmolested [in Syria], so they're going to get defeated by the coalition [and] other elements that are attacking them in other places,” they said during a briefing from Baghdad.
The fall of al Bab, combined with the Islamic State's increasingly tenuous hold on its Iraqi capital of Mosul, would leave Raqqa as the terrorist group's only major territorial base in the Middle East — a far cry from the budding “caliphate” in Iraq and Syria at the height of the Islamic State's power in 2014.
Mr. Assad's offensive in al Bab comes as Turkey and the Trump administration have apparently reached a deal to join forces in the Raqqa offensive. Washington and Ankara have agreed in principle to allow Turkish special operations units and Turkish-trained militias to fight alongside the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, according to regional reports.
Making Turkey ‘happy'
Officially, U.S. officials gave little details of what has been agreed to. Mr. Trump and Mr. Erdoğan discussed their “close, long-standing relationship between the United States and Turkey and their shared commitment to combating terrorism in all its forms,” according to a White House statement on the call.
Pentagon officials told The Washington Times that negotiations are continuing between the U.S. and Turkey on the country's potential role in Raqqa, along with providing additional arms and equipment to Kurdish fighters.
“We are doing what we can do to make our NATO ally happy,” a defense official said regarding the nature of those discussions, noting that no official decision had been made.
But Erdoğan spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin told Turkey's NTV that the Turkish president asked Mr. Trump not to back the Syrian Kurds and presented a plan in which allies could retake Raqqa without the Kurdish fighters.
Mr. Trump's “general reactions were positive,” Mr. Kalin said, according to The Associated Press.
Accelerating arms supplies to Kurdish forces, increasing U.S. special operations forces in Syria and loosening the Obama administration-era rules of engagement that were designed to limit the number of estimated civilian casualties in U.S. airstrikes are all part of Mr. Trump's mandated 30-day review on the fight against the Islamic State.
Throwing U.S. military might behind Kurdish paramilitaries, including members of the People's Protection Unit, also known as the YPG, would be a better bet for Mr. Trump than linking more tightly with Turkish forces, Mr. Landis said.
Turkish involvement in Syria is “only because they want to screw the Kurds,” they said, particularly the YPG.
Ankara considered the YPG, the armed faction of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, a separatist, terrorist organization responsible for multiple attacks against military and police targets inside Turkey.
Conversely, Mr. Assad's motivations behind their escalation of the campaign against the Islamic State “is pretty clear,” Mr. Landis said. “He wants to reconquer Syria.”
With Aleppo now firmly in the regime's control, the fall of Raqqa could expand Mr. Assad's control in that part of the country.
U.S. defense officials say any discussion of coordinating with the Assad regime in the fight against the Islamic State is off the table. That said, “just because it is off the table it does not mean it will not happen” Mr. Landis said.
But Mr. Trump's singular focus on destroying the Islamic State, whatever the cost, could make the administration more amenable to cooperating with Syria and its Russian and Iranian allies, one regional analyst said.
“During the Obama administration, there was a certain level of coordination with Syria, but the Obama administration was hesitant to say it out loud because it declared in the first place that Assad should go,” Mehmet Yegin, an analyst at the Ankara-based USAK think tank, told the Russian state-sponsored Sputnik News website.
“But the Trump administration does not have such a declaration so I think they will be less hesitant to work with Syria in this regard,” Mr. Yegin said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
TORONTO — Canadian soccer captain Christine Sinclair is not just in the game, she's on the cover.
EA Sports announced Monday that the 32-year-old from Burnaby will share the Canadian cover of “FIFA 16” with Barcelona star Lionel Messi. U.S. international striker Alex Morgan will be on the American cover with Messi.
They join Australian Steph Catley, who will be showcased in Australia, as the first women to appear as the face of the hit video game franchise.
“This year's World Cup showcased the unbelievable talent and skill in women's soccer,” Sinclair said in a statement. “I'm thrilled that EA Sports is celebrating female athletes in ‘FIFA 16.' To be featured in the game and to promote women's soccer with Alex is really special and another exciting step for women in sports.”
The video game developer announced in late May that the new version of the game would feature 12 women's national teams for the first time in the 22-year history of the franchise.
Teams from Canada, Australia, Brazil, China, England, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Spain, Sweden, and the U.S. will be available to play in several game modes including Kick Off, an offline tournament, as well as online friendly matches.
The women's teams will “compete exclusively” against each other in the game, according to EA Sports.
“As soon as we knew women's national teams were joining ‘FIFA 16,' we immediately recognized that Christine and Alex would be the perfect cover athletes based on their accomplishments and what they represent for their respective countries and the sport of women's soccer,” said David Pekush, senior manager of North America marketing for EA Sports.
“They are exhilarating players and exude heart and courage on the pitch, and we are extremely proud to be working with them this year.”
The Canadian women appear to have it over their male counterparts. While EA has yet to announce the men's national teams in the new game, Canada was not one of the 47 squads in “FIFA 15.”
The Canadian women are ranked 11th in the world by FIFA, compared to No. 103 for the men.
Messi has been a constant on the cover in recent years, with other athletes added for local editions of the game, which is developed in Burnaby, B.C.
The video game developer says it captured the likeness, body movements and playing styles of star players like Canada's Sinclair, America's Morgan, and England's Stephanie Houghton.
Morgan and three other U.S. internationals — Sydney Leroux, Abby Wambach and Megan Rapinoe — took part in a motion capture session which the developer says helped to “build new locomotion for women” in the game.
“It is an incredible honour to be one of the first women featured on the cover of ‘EA Sports FIFA,”' said Morgan. “I know people all over the world play this game and I'm really excited that ‘FIFA 16' is putting such an important spotlight on women's soccer. And now to share the cover with today's greatest player is surreal.”
Canadian players also visited the EA studio for 360-degree body scanning, used to develop player models.
EA says its mobile headscanning unit travelled around the world to capture facial features, including hairstyles, to ensure players look as realistic as possible.
“FIFA 16” will be available Sept. 22 PC, Xbox One and 360, and PlayStation 3 and 4.
Boris Olshansky, a lesser-known painter from the turn of the 21st century drew fantastic scenes from Slavic mythology.
Amazingly, not much is known about this artist. They produced only several hundred works during their career as a painter, even fewer of which can be found on the internet. Born on February 25, 1956 in the city of Tambov, Olshansky attended the Penza Art College and the Moscow State Institute of Painting of V.I. Surikov. Following their graduation, Olshansky began to work in graphics and illustration in Moscow, their talents as an artist were soon noticed and in 1989, they were inducted as a member of the Union of Artists of Russia.
During the beginning of the Perestroika, Boris Olshansky began to take an interest in painting and soon applied their interest of the ancient Slavs and their mythology to their work. In 1993, Olshansky organized their first personal exhibition, displaying over 300 works, in their time, they would take part in many more exhibitions both locally and abroad.
In recent times, Boris Olshansky and their works have faded into obscurity, their most recent painting being from 2006, the artist themselves is very rarely heard of nowadays. Despite this, Olshansky's works have shaped the way many view Slavic myths, possibly as much as artists such as Ivan Bilibin or Viktor Korolkov.
Usually we only post a couple of photos per article, but we liked the work of Boris Olshansky so much that we created a gallery. Check it out!
One Man's Pee Pushes Portland To Flush 38 Million Gallons Of Water
Enlarge this image toggle caption Randy L. Rasmussen /The Oregonian/Landov Randy L. Rasmussen /The Oregonian/Landov
Though they concede it's unlikely the public was endangered, officials in Portland, Ore., have decided to drain 38 million gallons of water from a reservoir after a young man was observed urinating into it on Wednesday.
Our colleagues at Oregon Public Broadcasting note that the crime was caught on video — from a distance. "Three unidentified men," OPB writes, "were cited for trespassing after being stopped at the site early Wednesday morning. One was also cited for public urination. The Multnomah County District Attorney's Office will decide whether to pursue criminal charges."
After Portland Water Bureau officials saw what happened, they decided the water in the kidney-shaped reservoir needs to go.
pdxwater YouTube
According to The Oregonian, "Portland City Commissioner Nick Fish says flushing 38 million gallons of water after a man urinated in the Mt. Tabor Reservoir system is the correct call, even if it prompts complaints that the city is overreacting or wasting water."
"I didn't have a choice," Fish said, according to the newspaper. "I don't have the luxury of slicing it too thin when there's a potential risk, however small, to public health. Frankly, it's one of those calls where you know you're likely to be criticized no matter what. The professionals who report to me all said, 'Dump the water. Don't take any chances.' It's the conservative but correct call."
The open reservoirs at the facility, OPB reports, "hold water that has already been treated and goes directly into mains for distribution to customers."
This is not the first time Portland has dealt with such a problem. In 2011, a man was caught after urinating into a reservoir. They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of "misuse of a reservoir." The Oregonian says the guilty reliever was sentenced to 24 hours of community service at a local food pantry.
The Oregonian has also noted that:
"Strange things end up in Portland's water supply all the time, with minimal risk or impact to users. ... In 2008, a man and a woman caught skinny dipping in Mt. Tabor were sentenced to 16 hours of community service each. ... "The federal government has ordered Portland and other cities with open-air reservoirs to cover them. City leaders are waiting on results of a May ballot measure that could shift control of the Water Bureau from the City Council to a new independently elected board to decide how to proceed."
The 2011 flushing and cleanup cost about $35,000, according to the newspaper. Officials aren't sure how much this latest incident will cost the city.
Ottawa Police
OTTAWA - The Ottawa Police Service East District Investigations are asking for the public's assistance following a report of an assault on a 14-year-old girl in the wooded area near the OC Transpo Park and Ride on Champlain Street in Orleans at 3:40 p.m. on Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2013.
While walking through the woods, the girl was approached by an unknown male who knocked them to the ground, sat on top of them and began hitting them
The girl's screams attracted the attention of a pedestrian in the Park and Ride whose approach scared off the male. The male was last seen running through the woods away from the Park and Ride.
The male is described as having light brown skin complexion, brown hair, 6'3” (190cm) skinny but muscular, possibly between 30-35 years of age.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Ottawa Police East District Investigations Det. Cameron Graham, at 613-236-1222, ext 3566 or phone Crime Stoppers at 613-233-8477(TIPS) or toll free at 1-800-222-8477.
A Kansan In Brownbackistan
To the tune of Okie from Muskogee:
(Or view the video of Richard's performance below.)
--
We don't like schoolin' here in Kansas
Education's something we abhor
Instead we give our money to the rich folks
And then we cut our services to the poor
We don't need good highways here in Kansas
The wealthy, they've got jets to fly around
Who cares if our bridges rot and crumble
And make a few school buses tumble down
--
I'm proud to be a Kansan in Brownbackistan
Place where governors never take the blame
Blame the judges, the President, blame pianos
While Brownbackistan's economy's in flames
--
Let's all bash the teachers and their pensions
Make smart folks move away and say goodbye
Let's drive everyone else to hitting the bottle
Then raise the liquor taxes all sky high
This article is over 3 years old
• Left-back recovering from ankle surgery in May • Darron Gibson and Bryan Oviedo also injured
The England defender Leighton Baines will miss Everton's pre-season visit to Singapore.
The 30-year-old left-back underwent ankle surgery in May and missed the final two games of the Premier League season as well as England's Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia.
The Everton manager Roberto Martínez revealed at the end of last season that Baines had been struggling with the problem for the past three years but said the surgery was “straightforward”.
“Leighton Baines, Darron Gibson and Bryan Oviedo are missing from the squad, with the trio recovering from injuries which saw them miss the end of the 2014-15 campaign,” the Everton website said.
Gibson has a broken foot and Oviedo a broken toe but the new signings Tom Cleverley and Gerard Deulofeu have been included in a 24-man squad.
Everton kick off their pre-season fixtures at the League One club Swindon on Saturday before travelling to the south-east Asia to take part in the Asia Trophy.
Martínez's side will face Stoke on 15 July before a second game against either Arsenal or Singapore Select XI three days later.
Rumors have swirled about Apple readying a new version of the iPod Touch with a camera and microphone, which, combined with a Skype account, would pretty much obviate the need for a home phone line once and for all.
A well-connected source tells us those rumors are on the money, and that Apple's factories in China are already manufacturing iPod Touch models with integrated cameras and microphones. An Apple spokesperson declined to comment when reached by phone.
If iPod Touches with cameras and microphones go on sale "in two to three months," as our source expects them to (and which corresponds with our expected timeframe), they will transform the entertainment-oriented iPod Touch line into a voice communications tool wherever WiFi is available.
In addition to these voice-over-IP capabilities, which should have telephone providers quaking in their boots, the microphone (and camera) would enable the iPod Touch to understand voice commands, capture video and images, and work with a wider variety of programs in the App Store.
(Plus, as some Wired commenters have suggested, one could combine a microphone-equipped iPod Touch with the Verizon MiFi personal hotspot creator to enable – at long last – the iPhone experience on Verizon's network.)
See Also:
Photo: hooverdust
Afghanistan's cosmopolitan new first lady has backed France's controversial ban on the niqab, comparing the full veil to “blinders” as they prepare to campaign for more respect for women in their conservative adopted homeland.
Rula Ghani shocked Afghan observers when they appeared with their husband during the presidential campaign, a rare example of a political wife sharing the spotlight.
Now the Lebanese-American of Christian heritage is set to carve out a role for themselves as the patriarchal and deeply Muslim nation's first high-profile first lady.
Ghani, who speaks five languages, reminisced about their time as a student at the prestigious Sciences Po university in Paris which they attended during the late 1960s.
Wearing a vintage Hermes scarf over their hair, they recalled that “all the young women at Sciences Po had their headscarves which they would wear as they stepped out of school”.
“Regarding the French law against the niqab and burqa which prevent women from being able to move freely and see, because the niqab is a bit like blinders, I am in full agreement with the government of France,” Ghani said.
Wearing the full veil in public was banned by French law in 2011. Ghani admits they are still trying to define their role, but hopes that by the end of their husband's five-year term, “men in Afghanistan will be more inclined to recognise whatever role their wives take”.
First Published: Nov 01, 2014 00:39 IST
Newcastle United are NOT looking to sell Aleksandar Mitrovic – but Moussa Sissoko's exit is edging closer.
A report yesterday claimed the club was looking to offload the striker this summer.
But the Gazette understands that Mitrovic – who missed Friday night's 1-0 season-opening defeat to Fulham through suspension – is firmly in Rafa Benitez's plans at St James's Park.
Mitrovic, signed from Anderlecht last summer, will offer Benitez a welcome extra option up front when they return from their four-game ban.
Sissoko, however, has reiterated their keenness to leave the club in the wake of its relegation to the Championship.
The £35million-rated midfielder says they are “flattered” by interest in them from Real Madrid.
Asked about reports linking them with the Spanish club and Manchester United, the 26-year-old said: “That's flattering.
“Who would not be flattered by the interest of one of the best clubs in the world, if not the best.
“It's simple. When you are young and you start playing football, your dream is to become a professional and play for a club like Real Madrid or Manchester United.
“I worked my way up. Everything goes well, and if a club like Real comes to me, it will be something huge.”
Sissoko returned United a week ago after being given an extended break following their involvement with finalists France at Euro 2016.
Newcastle manager Benitez has ruled out recalling Sissoko – who was not in their squad for the Fulham game – for Saturday's Championship home game against Huddersfield Town, though there could be developments on their future before then.
“Moussa was not match fit, because they came on Monday,” said Bentiez.
“We don't have to sell him. Sissoko will be better next weekend, they will train tomorrow and during the week. We will see how they are.”
Meanwhile, United have been linked with a loan move for 20-year-old Everton left-back Brendan Galloway.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- With $120 oil not seeming to follow the fundamental law of supply and demand many are wondering if the market is broken.
The Federal Reserve has been cutting interest rates, saving Wall Street but sinking the dollar and driving up food and fuel prices. Investors, also called "speculators" by some, have been pouring money into commodities of all sorts, artificially driving prices higher in an attempt to squeak out healthy profits in the face of falling stock values.
But to many, all the financial voodoo is merely a distraction. The fundamental reality of oil - and the thing that makes it so attractive to investors in the first place - is that we are using ever more and finding ever less. High prices are necessary if we are to reduce demand, find new oil, and develop alternative technologies.
"The market is starting to send a signal: You got to get your alternative in line," said Robert Kaufmann, director of Boston University's Center for Energy and Environmental Studies. "Societies that ignore this kind of signal do so at their own peril."
Kaufmann isn't promoting the so-called "peak oil" theory - they don't think the world is quickly running out of oil.
The problem, they say, is new discoveries of crude in non-OPEC areas like the United States, the North Sea, and Russia have not kept pace with the oil being removed from those places. OPEC, which holds two thirds of the world's crude oil reserves, has seen no drop in global demand despite $120 oil and has little incentive to increase output.
It's this supply problem that prompted analysts at Goldman Sachs to reaffirm their prediction of a so-called "super spike" in oil prices - which could usher in $200-a-barrel crude in the next 6 to 24 months.
"We believe the current energy crisis may be coming to a head, as a lack of adequate supply growth is becoming apparent," Goldman analysts wrote in a research note Tuesday.
That's the supply side of the equation. The demand side is a familiar story - developing regions like China, India and the Middle East are using more and more oil. It's not that this wasn't known last year - when oil was half as expensive as it is now - it's just that the world is moving closer to that tipping point where demand will exceed supply.
'It's a finite resource," said Brian Hicks, co-manager of the Global Resources Fund at U.S. Global Investors, a San Antonio-based mutual fund. "The rest of the world wants to live like we do, and there aren't enough resources to keep everyone happy."
It's become popular to blame speculators - which would include mutual funds, pension funds, some banks, and anyone else who doesn't ultimately take delivery of a barrel of oil - for the run up in price. Congressman have recently spoken of an "orgy of speculation" in the commodities markets, and have held hearings into the matter.
But most analysts say investors are simply looking at these underlying supply and demand trends and buying oil because they see it going up on its own accord.
After all, they can't really be influencing the price of crude, the argument goes, as they generally don't take delivery of the oil and must sell whatever contracts they have at the end of each month. Ultimately, they don't take any oil off the market.
"Nobody at Goldman Sachs wants to see a fuel truck pull up and say "Ok, here's your 60,000 gallons of gasoline,'" said Michael Cosgrove, president of the commodities brokerage Amerex Brokers, which handles transactions for both banks and end users of oil like refineries. "Ultimately, it's the consumer."
Which is one reason why $120 oil is necessary - to limit demand in a supply-constrained world.
"I think the market is working," said Joseph Stanislaw, an independent energy adviser at the consulting firm Deloitte & Touche. "It forces us to make decisions as individual consumers that will change our behavior. It needs to be done."
Government regulators at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission have also said their studies have produced no evidence that oil speculators are significantly driving up the price of crude.
The argument that speculators aren't unduly influencing oil prices is by no means universally accepted.
"I think the market is totally insane," said Fadel Gheit, a senior energy analyst at the investment firm Oppenheimer. "Somebody is playing a game, and we're all paying for it."
Gheit said demand has fallen in developed countries, and there is plenty of energy supply - mostly in the form of natural gas - available right here in the United States, if only the oil companies had access to it.
Some analysts and politicians have called for increasing the nations oil production by drilling in areas that are currently off limits - like the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, sections of the Rocky Mountains and off the east and west coasts.
"If we opened access to gas in this country, we wouldn't need oil in five years," they said.
Both sides in this debate make concessions.
The "market-is-working" types agree that the discovery of oil as an investment class is probably driving up prices somewhat - perhaps by as much as $30 a barrel - although they maintain the long-term price trend would be little changed absent these speculators.
And Gheit agrees that higher prices do provide much-needed incentive to limit demand.
"I've long said maybe the best thing that could happen to this country is to have $6 gasoline," they said.
NATO defense ministers Friday gave "broad support" to the counterinsurgency strategy proposed by Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the top US commander in Afghanistan, but sidestepped the difficult question of how many forces would be required to implement that plan.
The top UN special envoy for Afghanistan also backed McChrystal's strategy at the NATO meeting.
"We have come to a point where I believe McChrystal is right," said Kai Eide here Friday, adding bluntly, "If we continue the way we've done so far, both with regard to the military effort, the civilian effort, and the behavior of the Afghan government, this project will not work."
Taken together, the comments suggest that American allies are leaning toward a more troop-intensive, counterinsurgency approach that opens the political door for President Obama to direct deployments of tens of thousands of additional troops.
The Obama administration is deliberating over what strategy to pursue in Afghanistan – a counterinsurgency approach that focuses on securing the country and winning over the population and that would require many more troops, or a more targeted approach that focuses on taking out Al Qaeda leaders with air strikes.
While signaling support for more troops, NATO minsters did not address the tougher issue of how many more troops to send and stopped short of making additional resource commitments themselves.
"The purpose of today's meeting was not to make any decision on figures," said NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen during a press event here. "I have noted broad support of all ministers … but without discussing resource implications."
About 40,000 NATO and non-NATO troops are currently in Afghanistan, in addition to about 68,000 US forces.
McChrystal flew to the meeting from Afghanistan to make a 15-minute pitch to 40 NATO and non-NATO ministers. During their remarks, they discussed the number of troops they believe are needed to conduct a proper counterinsurgency, but received no feedback from any of the defense ministers, according to a senior defense official who listened in on the meeting.
McChrystal is thought to be asking for as many as 80,000 additional troops for Afghanistan, but a number of about half that seems more likely to be considered.
The White House's decision on Afghanistan may be as many as three weeks away, according to Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who has been reticent to speak about their own thinking on the way ahead in Afghanistan.
Despite its contributions in Afghanistan, the NATO alliance has been criticized by the US over the years for not doing enough. For years, American officials have pressured individual countries to send more troops and other resources to Afghanistan, or to loosen caveats that restrict some militaries, like that of Germany's, from conducting certain kinds of operations.
The US decision on whether to send many more troops is critical. It could sway allied nations that struggle politically with the unpopularity of the war to send more forces or at least to provide more financial resources for the war.
---
Follow us on Twitter.
The meeting in the east room of the White House was billed as a chance to “reset” the relationship with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but their first face-to-face meeting with President Donald Trump was an exercise in chilly correctness.
Trump didn't give any ground on their hardline stance on trade or refugees, and Merkel politely stood their ground, saying in their opening statement only that they appreciated the President's hospitality, “It's better to talk to one another than about one another,” and that the time spent together before greeting the media “was a very good first exchange of views.”
Trump appeared impatient and restless as they stood at the podium, and took offense at the questions posed by German reporters. The first, initially directed at Merkel, was about their reaction to Trump's “dangerous isolationist policies.” Then the reporter turned to Trump to ask, “Why are you scared of diversity in the media that you talk about fake news?”
“Nice friendly reporter,” Trump quipped to laughter from the friend and family section to their left, where Vice President Pence sat with Reince Priebus sat with Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump. “I'm not an isolationist,” Donald Trump continued, “I'm a free trader, but I am also a fair trader.” For good measure, they added: “I don't know what newspaper you're reading, but it would be another example of fake news.” More appreciative laughter from the cheering section.
Trump would later say, in response to a question from a U.S. reporter, that, “negotiators for Germany have done a far better job than negotiators for the United States. We're going to even it out. We don't want victory; we want fairness.” They referred to “horrible NAFTA,” and said the fact that workers were “screwed, that's probably the reason I'm here when you talk about trade.”
The second question allotted to the German media was directed at Trump, and the various debunked claims that they and their administration had made about alleged wiretapping of their campaign by the Obama White House: “After these clear rejections, are their other suspects? … And are there tweets you regret?”
“Very seldom,” Trump shot back, adding they wouldn't be here if it weren't for their tweets. “I can get around the media when the media doesn't tell the truth, and I like that.”
Pressed on the origin of their claims, Trump directed the reporter to “a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox,” referring to former judge and current Fox News legal analyst Andrew Napolitano's claim today that “President Obama went outside the chain of command" and had British intelligence monitor and track Trump. “You shouldn't be talking to me, you should be talking to him.”
Trump couldn't resist another gratuitous shot at Obama, saying to the German reporter that when it comes to the subject of wiretapping, “Perhaps we have something in common,” a reference to the Edward Snowden-leaked revelation that during the Obama administration American security agencies listened in to Merkel's cell phone. That drew laughter from the German press.
During their campaign, Trump called Merkel's open-door policy for refugees “catastrophic,” and predicted the German people would overthrow them They face the voters in September, and after the Netherlands populist politician, Geert Wilders, failed to oust the center-right prime minister, Merkel said it was a “signal” that right-wing populism was losing momentum.
At the press conference with Trump, they defended their policies on integrating refugees, saying “migration, immigration, integration has to be worked on…This is where we have an exchange of views.”
Trump said they strongly support NATO, but that the allies have to pay up, that they owe “vast sums of money… These nations must pay their fair share.”
Merkel said their government pledges to pay 2 percent through 2024, and that military spending rose 8 percent last year, in keeping with Trump's demand that the allies do more to insure their own security.
The two questions allotted to U.S. Americans focused on domestic issues, with Mark Halperin of Bloomberg asking Trump what in the health care plan before Congress is “non-negotiable.”
The President launched into their sales pitch for the plan, citing a meeting that morning at the White House with 12 Republican lawmakers who, they said, came in as no's and left as yeses. “It's coming together beautifully,” they said.
They emphasized that Obamacare is failing, and that they could wait one year and “even the Democrats” would be willing to work with him.
“What's non-negotiable?” Halperin pressed. “I'll tell you after we're finished,” Trump said in one of the lighter moments in an otherwise coldly correct encounter with one of America's staunchest allies.
Somehow, on Valentine's Day, while they were trying to find a new national security adviser to replace the one he'd just fired, and while they were staring down multiple investigations over potential collusion with Russia, and while they were dealing with the fallout from having conducted missile diplomacy with the Japanese in the public dining room at Mar-a-Lago as if it were one of those party games where everyone got to dress up as a country in World War II … somehow, with all this swirling around him, President Trump managed to lunch with their old friend Chris Christie.
I don't know what they talked about, exactly, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't the opioid crisis, which was the stated reason for the meeting. If Trump's half as smart as they always say they are, then they offered to send a moving van to Trenton.
Because Trump needs a guy like Christie to come in and grab the wheel of this careening presidency, and they need it to happen now.
Oh, believe me, I know: Just the mention of Christie is enough to send their legion of critics into feral fits of rage and mockery. They came within inches of an indictment for having presided over the basest kind of political retribution, which ultimately undid both their presidential campaign and their second term as New Jersey's governor. Even their supporters were stung by how brazenly they swung behind Trump and how small it made them seem.
We wouldn't even be here were it not for Christie's vengeful streak. If they hadn't decided to publicly disembowel Marco Rubio in that last debate in New Hampshire, as payback for a raft of negative ads, Trump would probably be back on the “Apprentice” set right now, ogling the interns.
But whatever else you want to say about Christie (and I've always found them to be a more complicated and gifted politician than their detractors can stand to admit), the man knows how to bring focus to a political operation, and how to advance a governing agenda, and how to balance public bluster with backroom pragmatism.
And if there's anyone on Trump's senior staff who actually knows how to do any of that, by all means, get to the part of the ship that's still above water and wave your hands frantically so we can see you.
I'm not saying Reince Priebus isn't a decent guy in a difficult situation. But Priebus is a Wisconsin political operative who did a creditable job fundraising for the Republican Party. When it comes to running the vast federal government or navigating global alliances, they know about as much as Omarosa.
Either Priebus deserves credit for assembling the rest of this misfit team or he's too much of a supplicant to get control over staffing the operation. Whichever it is, they must know by now that they aren't exactly fielding the A-team.
Kellyanne Conway proved themselves to be an elite campaign strategist, for sure, but their descent into “alternative facts” has been painful to watch, and their rebuke from the government ethics office, three weeks into the administration, has to set some kind of record.
Sean Spicer, the press secretary, comes off so hostile and disingenuous that Melissa McCarthy's impression is actually more sympathetic. Steve Bannon provides a whole lot of hifalutin neo-fascist craziness chaos theory, but that stuff tends to come in handier when you're fomenting campus revolt than when you've got a Russian spy ship menacing the coast of Delaware.
And let's not leave out Stephen Miller, who not so long ago was a press aide for Michele Bachmann, and who is somehow now in charge of domestic policy (and occasionally presides over national security meetings, just because). In a typical moment from their startlingly bad debut on the Sunday shows last weekend, Miller told CBS's John Dickerson: “I think to say we're in control would be a substantial understatement.”
What does that mean, exactly? Are they declaring martial law? Have they mastered telekinesis?
When it came to Happy Endings getting axed, we at Obsessed protested until we were blog-hoarse, until after most devoted fans had given up, shuffling home and giving us looks like Dude, come on, it's over.
And, yes, it is over, and I miss the show already. Luckily, now that the official mourning period has passed, Happy Endings' sensational six are all lining up stuff so exciting that I'll soon be receiving the other kind of stares I usually get: Dude, come on, it hasn't even happened yet. Calm down. But look how exciting!
Damon Wayans Jr. will star opposite Jake Johnson in Let's Be Cops on the big screen—and also on the small screen on New Girl. He's set to reprise their pilot role of Coach in an arc this season. Zach Knighton, meanwhile, will star in the dark comedy__Teddy Bears__, along with Community's Gillian Jacobs.
Then there's the Kerkovich sisters. When it comes to newlywed Elisha Cuthbert (she married NHL star Dion Phaneuf in July!), all you want to hear is whether she's returning for the 24: Live Another Day sequel series, right? Nothing official has been announced yet, but I feel like the odds are in your favor, Bauer fans. Meanwhile, Eliza Coupe is exploding with work: she'll recur on CBS's new sitcom The Millers this season (playing Will Arnett's ex-wife) and just inked a deal to recur as a female-Zuckerberg type on Showtime's House of Cards. Love that. Oh, and she'll also star in the ensemble indie comedy The Last Time You Had Fun with Demetri Martin, Mary Elizabeth Ellis, and Kyle Bornheimer.
Finally, we've got Penny and Max, whom we miss with that fervent my-camp-BFF-is-the-only-one-who-gets-me year-round pining. Adam Pally is gonna guest on The Mindy Project, which just works perfectly for me. He'll play a doctor who's new to the practice (and one, I hope, who's quick to zing James Franco). Casey Wilson, meanwhile, has the kid-pageant-themed Ass Backwards out this fall. They and their writing partner, June Diane Raphael (the two co-wrote and both star in Backwards), also have a slew of TV projects in the works. Oh, and you can see Casey on Comedy Bang Bang on IFC this Friday. Everybody's gonna be OK, including us.
Whom do you miss the most from the show?
Photo: ABC
Music Edit
Reception Edit
Legacy Edit
NME listed the album as one of "20 Emo Albums That Have Resolutely Stood the Test of Time".[36] The album was ranked at number 260 on Spin's "The 300 Best Albums of the Past 30 Years (1985–2014)" list.[37] Rock Sound wrote that the album is "an era-defining release", striking "a nerve both musically and emotionally with millions around the world."[38] In 2016, Rolling Stone declared Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge the tenth greatest emo album out of 40, saying that "Three Cheers wasn't just a concept record, it was a concept sequel, expanding the small-screen story of 2002's I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love into a big-budget production, complete with ruminations on life and death ("Helena") biting kiss-offs ("I'm Not Okay") and a series of dramatic music videos that made them MTV darlings."[9] Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge has sold over one million copies to date in the United States and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.[39] By February 2006, the album had sold over 1,356,000 copies in the US.[40] It has also been certified Double Platinum in Canada, Platinum in the UK and Gold in Ireland, Chile[41] and Argentina.
Track listing Edit
All tracks written by My Chemical Romance. No. Title Length 1. "Helena" 3:22 2. "Give 'Em Hell, Kid" 2:18 3. "To the End" 3:01 4. "You Know What They Do to Guys Like Us in Prison" 2:53 5. "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" 3:08 6. "The Ghost of You" 3:22 7. "The Jetset Life Is Gonna Kill You" 3:37 8. "Interlude" 0:57 9. "Thank You for the Venom" 3:41 10. "Hang 'Em High" 2:47 11. "It's Not a Fashion Statement, It's a Deathwish" (listed as "It's Not a Fashion Statement, It's a Fucking Deathwish" in the album liner notes) 3:30 12. "Cemetery Drive" 3:08 13. "I Never Told You What I Do for a Living" 3:51 Total length: 39:36 Additional tracks Japanese edition No. Title Length 14. "Bury Me in Black" (Demo) 2:37 Japanese special edition DVD – live from Summer Sonic 2004 in Tokyo on August 8, 2004 No. Title Length 1. "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" (music video version 2) 2. "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" (music video version 1) 3. "Thank You for the Venom" (live) 4. "Helena" (live) 5. "Give 'Em Hell, Kid" (live) 6. "The Ghost of You" (live) 7. "You Know What They Do to Guys Like Us in Prison" (live) 8. "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" (live)
Personnel Edit
Charts Edit
Certifications Edit
Release history Edit
Region Date Label Format Catalogue Australia April 11, 2005 Reprise CD 9362486152 Japan July 22, 2004 WPCR11890 January 26, 2005 CD+DVD WPZR30075 June 24, 2009 CD WPCR13504 United Kingdom September 3, 2004 9362486152 United States June 8, 2004 486152 December 16, 2008 Vinyl LP 148615
This photo, taken by the Curiosity rover's ChemCam instrument on Oct. 8, 2012, shows a close-up view of the piece (visible slightly below and to the left of the photo's center) that apparently fell off the robot.
A small piece of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity has apparently fallen off into the Red Planet dirt, scientists announced today (Oct. 9).
Curiosity team members spotted the odd bright object on Sunday (Oct. 7) while studying photos of the rover's first Martian soil-scooping activity. Curiosity then spent much of Monday photographing the scrap further, allowing researchers to determine that it likely came off the 1-ton rover — though they're still not sure what exactly it is, or if its absence will affect Curiosity's mission appreciably.
"The rover team's assessment is that the bright object is something from the rover, not Martian material," mission team members wrote in an update today. "It appears to be a shred of plastic material, likely benign, but it has not been definitively identified."
Researchers will continue to investigate the object for another day before deciding whether or not to resume processing of the soil sample, which remains in Curiosity's scoop, the update added.
This image from the right Mast Camera (Mastcam) of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity shows a scoop full of sand and dust lifted by the rover's first use of the scoop on its robotic arm. In the foreground, near the bottom of the image, a bright object is visible on the ground. The object might be a piece of rover hardware. This image was taken during the mission's 61st Martian day, or sol (Oct. 7, 2012). (Image: © NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS)
Yesterday's close-up photos of the mysterious sliver were shot with the Remote Micro-Imager of Curiosity's Chemistry and Camera instrument, or ChemCam. The rover will likely take more pictures of its surroundings today with its workhorse Mast Camera, researchers said.
This past weekend's activities were the first test of Curiosity's soil-scooping system, which is located at the end of its 7-foot (2.1 meters) robotic arm.
Samples from the scoop are designed to be dropped into two instruments on the rover's body known as Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) and Chemistry and Mineralogy (CheMin). SAM and CheMin are two of the main tools Curiosity will use to determine if Mars could ever have supported microbial life.
The first few scoops are meant to clean out Curiosity's sampling system, to ensure that any material delivered to SAM and CheMin in the future is purely Martian, without any oily residues left over from the rover's construction and assembly here on Earth, researchers have said.
The $2.5 billion Mars rover Curiosity landed inside the Red Planet's huge Gale Crater on Aug. 5 and is expected to spend the next two years or more roving about its Martian environs. At about the size of Mini Cooper car, Curiosity is the largest robotic rover ever sent to explore another planet.
Follow SPACE.com on Twitter @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
President Trump defended Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE on Thursday night, insisting that the former Alabama senator "did not say anything wrong" amid swirling criticism over their testimony earlier this year about contacts with Russian officials.
Trump appeared to be referring to Sessions's statements before the Senate Judiciary Committee during their confirmation, when Sessions said they had not spoken to Russian officials. It was revealed this week that Sessions twice spoke with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. last year.
"Jeff Sessions is an honest man. They did not say anything wrong," Trump said in a statement posted to social media. "He could have stated their response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional."
ADVERTISEMENT
Sessions came under fire Wednesday night after it was revealed that they spoke with Russia's envoy to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak, during the campaign. The existence of the conversations appeared to contradict statements Sessions made during their Jan. 10 confirmation hearing.
Responding to Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.), who asked how they would handle possible contacts between Trump campaign aides and the Kremlin, Sessions told senators that they never communicated with Russian officials.
"If there was any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign, what would you do?" Franken asked.
"I'm not aware of any of those activities,” Sessions responded. “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians."
Bowing to bipartisan pressure on Thursday, Sessions recused themselves from any federal investigation of Russia's intervention in the 2016 presidential election, though some Democrats maintain they should also resign.
Sessions denied they intentionally misled senators and said they did not "recall any specific political discussions" during their conversations with Kislyak before the November election. Sessions's office has maintained that the talks were appropriate because Sessions sat on the Armed Services Committee while in the Senate.
Their recusal came shortly after Trump told reporters while touring an aircraft carrier that they had "total" confidence in their attorney general and that they didn't think Sessions needed to recuse himself.
"The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now, they have lost their grip on reality," Trump said in their statement late Thursday. "The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!"
Updated: 8:54 p.m.
Can Greg Abbott solve it?
Texas is a fantastic place to do business: Taxes are low, the trial lawyers are on a short leash, regulation is light, and the state government is an energetic advocate of business growth.
Also: Texas is an insanely terrible place to do business: It has corrupt public officials — law-enforcement officers on the cartel dime, judges selling verdicts, members of a drug task force shepherding contraband from Mexico, school-board races in which cash and cocaine are traded for votes — along with a corrupt university system flouting its admissions rules for the family and friends of state legislators, a generous statewide economic-development program that swaps grants for job creation but fails to adequately keep track of either, an out-of-control prosecutor in charge of a state ethics office who, when they are not berating and threatening the police officers who have hauled them in on drunk-driving charges, uses their office as a political weapon — just as their predecessor in the office did — while the state's Medicaid program alone is a cavalcade of hilariously unethical shenanigans: Texas's Medicaid-fraud police are so bad at their job and spend so much money that a state audit suggested that taxpayers would be better off if the office did not exist; a former state actuary working on Medicaid fraud is being investigated for fraud; a purveyor of Medicaid-fraud-detection software won a state contract under questionable circumstances that led to the resignation of the top lawyer at the Health and Human Services Commission . . .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Texas, $100-a-barrel oil contributed to a boom so loud and long that it drowned out the niggling little voice in the heads of the state's leaders, which surely must have been whispering that something was wrong; with oil at $60 a barrel the mood is decidedly less indulgent, and the new governor, Greg Abbott, has a substantial challenge in front of him.
Advertisement
During the 2014 gubernatorial election, Abbott made ethics reform a key issue — and accused their opponent, Democrat Wendy Davis, of improperly profiting from public-sector contracts. Among other things, Davis was contracted to be paid $400 an hour to provide legal services to the North Texas Tollway Authority while they were sitting on the state senate's transportation committee. By Texas standards, that's not outrageous, and Abbott didn't need a scandal to run up a 21-point victory over the single-issue late-term-abortion enthusiast, beating the pink off their sneakers. But Abbott also got some guff on the subject: During a debate, they bemoaned the “Third World” corruption in which the border region is mired, and was met with the usual Democratic refrain: “That's raaaaaaacist!”
Abbott didn't back down — they just recited the facts: “A former Starr County sheriff's deputy was sentenced last year for accepting bribes to protect drug dealers and their smuggling routes. Members of a drug-enforcement task force and other law-enforcement agents in Hidalgo County are awaiting sentencing for money laundering and drug smuggling. A former state district judge was convicted for accepting money in return for favorable rulings in a public corruption investigation that included a former district attorney and a former state representative.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Oil companies are used to dealing with corrupt governments. But Texas is more than the energy business, and it needs to be much more. If the state wants to go on being an engine — if not the engine — of American job creation, to continue its remarkable recent run, and to diversify its economy in investment-intensive ways, it is going to have to do a great deal better.
The grossest sort of corruption — the Third World stuff to which Abbott referred — is a more or less straightforward matter of policing. Like any border state, Texas will suffer more of it, particularly given the criminal networks associated with Mexico's cartels. Taking a stand against public officials who accept cartel bribes is not a particularly controversial or brave stance, at least not on this side of the border. But Texas's problems go deeper than that.
Advertisement
The Texas Enterprise Fund (TEF), one of the several corporate-welfare programs operated out of Austin (and every other state capital), is supposed to be a proposition offering a measurable return on investment: A company moves to Texas or expands its operations there and, in exchange for creating a certain number of jobs at a certain level of pay, gets payoffs from the state. As a matter of principle, those programs are repugnant; as a matter of pragmatism, they are defensible — if at all — only when the benefits outweigh the expenses.
Whether that is the case in Texas is anybody's guess. The programs are widely criticized as amounting to little more than a corporate slush fund under control of the governor, their lieutenant, and the speaker of the state house — all Republicans and de facto provisional allies, even though they are not always happy about that — and even some high-profile conservative friends of former governor Rick Perry privately describe the program as corrupt. The office of the state auditor stopped short of that characterization in its assessment, but it found real cause for concern: TEF did little to confirm that the jobs companies were being credited for had actually been created, or that businesses given money to dissuade them from choosing out-of-state sites were really considering other locations. More than $220 million was given to companies that not only were not required to prove that they were creating jobs but did not even complete applications. Some $40 million went to one organization, the semiconductor consortium Sematech, that swapped loyalties when it got a better offer to move to Albany, N.Y. The state was frequently unable to demonstrate that it had followed the law and program rules, that projects met legal criteria, or that Texans had in fact enjoyed a return on their investments. Of course there was money moving both ways: grants to businesses, donations to politicians.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Conservatives engaged in the corporate-welfare fight know from bitter experience that this sort of monster — the U.S. Export-Import Bank being the Godzilla of the species — is difficult to control, much less to kill. But having hundreds of millions of dollars on tap to pour into the pockets of business interests on very little more than the say-so of the top three elected officials in the state is an invitation to corruption.
Advertisement
And fighting corruption is a tricky business. Rick Perry is, as of this writing, under felony indictment for the purported crime of vetoing funding for the Public Accountability Office, a division of the Travis County district attorney's fiefdom that, as a result of local political peculiarities, acts as the statewide ethics enforcer. When Travis County district attorney Rosemary Lehmberg was videotaped not only excoriating the police officers who had brought them in on drunk-driving charges but also threatening to have them jailed if they did not receive special treatment, Perry demanded their resignation, and threatened to veto their office's funding if they did not depart. They didn't; they did; and their office indicted them on felony corruption charges for the veto. It is a ridiculous case, but then so was the prosecution of Tom DeLay by the same office. They were vindicated, but it ruined their political career.
Governor Abbott, if he's serious about ethics reform, has a multi-front campaign ahead. Rosemary Lehmberg cannot be impeached by the legislature, but they can be disbarred; more important, Travis County, an island of Democratic dominance in an overwhelmingly Republican state, can be stripped of its special role in statewide political affairs. Jim Pitts, the Republican former chairperson of the house ways and means committee, probably cannot be charged with a crime for browbeating the University of Texas law school to admit their grossly unqualified son — or even for their role in the impeachment of the UT regent who exposed that wrongdoing — but they can be shamed, and the relevant documents can and should be released. Governor Abbott has voiced support for a number of measures related to lobbying relationships, conflicts of interest, and the like, many of which have Democratic support, notably from state senator and former Austin mayor Kirk Watson, and many of those deserve to be pursued.
But big pieces such as the Texas Enterprise Fund present problems that are not going to be rendered tractable through greater transparency and bureaucratic reform. What is needed in those cases is not new procedures ensuring that corporate-welfare programs are run with greater probity but a philosophical and moral shift — an acknowledgement that such programs are corrupt and corrupting by their nature, and that they are illegitimate.
The view from Washington is not encouraging for reform in Austin: The rush of so-called progressives and “inequality” warriors such as Senator Elizabeth Warren to defend the Export-Import Bank — the main purpose of which is to subsidize Boeing — is an unhappy reminder that the power to dole out a million- and billion-dollar favors is one that few politicians are ready to give up. But as a Republican governor in Texas, Greg Abbott is one of the few well suited to do just that — and if it means they win their next election by only ten points instead of 21, the republic will thank him.
Donald Trump tweeted in their office at Trump Tower in New York. The president-elect says they use Twitter to circumvent news reporting by more traditional outlets.
WASHINGTON — The president-elect's social media followers didn't have to wait long.
Just a day after TV networks called the race for Donald Trump in the wee hours of Nov. 9, and after weeks of relative discipline, the incoming Republican president was back on Twitter to denounce the demonstrators who were marching against them in several cities.
“Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting,” they tweeted to their 15.7 million followers. “Very unfair!”
Advertisement
It was classic Trump: a statement of fact, followed by a questionable assertion, followed by a grievance. And then an exclamation point.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Between the election and Monday afternoon, Trump had tweeted 37 times, and nearly half could be considered hostile or defensive, according to a Globe analysis. They bemoaned what they called The New York Times' “highly inaccurate coverage.” They whacked “Saturday Night Live'' as unfunny. They slammed the cast of the hit musical “Hamilton'' as “rude” for telling Mike Pence the new administration should work on behalf of all Americans.
The dispatches are a sign that Trump will continue to flout the expectations of the political class for a president. They appear to be continuing the revolutionary — and, so-far, stunningly successful — mass communications effort they pioneered during the campaign, choosing bluster, bombast, and simple phrasing over carefully calculated and nuanced messages.
With their tweets, Trump captured big gusts of media attention. They often diverted attention from other, sometimes less flattering stories about a somewhat chaotic Cabinet search, selection of loyalists and immigration hardliners as key aides, and concerns that their sprawling business interests are creating conflicts of interests.
Jay Baer, a social media strategist for corporations, said Trump's tweets are genius — whether intentionally or not.
Advertisement
“They're very simple. They always are only about one thing. Very focused. Small words,” they explained. “Most people make the mistake of trying to create tweets that have a degree of nuance — but that actually makes that piece of communication weaker, not stronger.”
Trump's tweets, Baer said, almost always have a first sentence and then a second thought with an exclamation mark. That “encapsulates how they think people should think, feel or act. It's a set up — and a punch line that delivers.”
The recent tweets are an extension of the direct conversation Trump began with people when they launched their run for president, said Jonathan Karush, a Boston-based social media and digital strategist.
“It's unpolished, often unmoderated,” they said. “I think it's effective because of the conversational tone and the feeling of honesty and lacks the varnish of Washington and our politicians which have become distasteful to a lot of people.”
The tweets also have the advantage, some critics say, of redirecting attention away from thorny issues such as the intersection of their business and political lives, raised, for instance, by Trump's meeting with Indian business partners last week.
Advertisement
But several GOP observers doubt there is much plotting behind the missives.
“His tweets have the ability to divert from other news, definitely,” said Ryan Williams, a Republican operative. “But I don't think it's any kind of set strategy; it's just Trump being Trump.”
In the closing days of the election, after several imbroglios about off-the-cuff tweets including late-night barrages, Trump's staff reportedly took control of their Twitter account.
To be sure, about half their tweets since the election have been informational. They've told the American people that their transition team is doing “a fantastic job,” that retired General James Mattis is being considered for secretary of defense, that they have a good relationship with Chuck Schumer, who will lead the Democrats in the Senate in the next session.
But the other tweets — as well as Trump's appointments — have left such Democratic politicians as Senator Harry Reid, the retiring minority leader, critiquing Trump's social media presence.
“Rise to the dignity of the office instead of hiding behind your Twitter account,” Reid said on Twitter.
Pressed on CNN Monday about the president-elect dinging “Saturday Night Live'' over the weekend, adviser Kellyanne Conway argued tweeting about the comedy show doesn't take away for their ability to form a government and do the work of the American people.
“Who's to say that they can't do that, make a comment, spend five minutes on a tweet and making a comment, and still be president-elect?” they asked.
In an interview with “60 Minutes” after their election, Trump explained that Twitter lets them “get the word out” and fight back against inaccurate media coverage.
Will they give up their social media habit once they are sworn in as president?
“I'm going to do very restrained, if I use it at all, I'm going to do very restrained. I find it tremendous,” Trump said. “It's a modern form of communication.”
The president-elect's methods on Twitter may be leading the way for more than just politicians.
Karush, the digital strategist, said there has already been a growing trend with some corporations looking to have a less polished voice on social media.
“But with Trump's behavior,” they said, “you may start to see even more brands trying to use a more authentic tone of communication with their audiences — because that may resonate more.”
Lisa Tuite of the Globe staff contributed research to this report. Joshua Miller can be reached at joshua.miller@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @jm_bos Click here to subscribe to their weekday e-mail update on politics.
EPA Chief Says Greenhouse Gas Rules Will Save Country Billions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
New federal regulations that aim to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from power plants will have a large economic upside, largely through health savings, says Gina McCarthy, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
"We are talking by 2030 having $90 billion in benefits," McCarthy told NPR's Robert Siegel in an interview airing on All Things Considered.
The rules, which were published on Monday, set a countrywide target for reducing greenhouse gases by 30 percent by 2030, from where they were in 2005. Each state will have its own target, says NPR energy reporter Jeff Brady. Some will be more than 30 percent, others less.
Those in coal country won't have to cut the full 30 percent. But officials in those states aren't happy.
"These proposals appear to realize some of our worst fears," Earl Ray Tomblin, the Democratic governor of West Virginia, told reporters. "Based on our initial review of these rules, not a single West Virginia power plant would be in compliance if the rules were in effect today, despite billions of dollars companies have spent to modernize their facilities."
McCarthy, the EPA administrator, said that the economy has continued to grow throughout the agency's 40-year history of reducing air pollution. They predicted that coal will remain the source of about 30 percent of the country's electricity supply in 2030, down from its current 37 percent.
They said that decline will be due more to market forces than to their agency's new regulations.
"What you see in the future is going to be natural gas plants that are very efficient, and you're going to see some renewables," McCarthy told NPR. "But that doesn't mean that the share of electricity from coal is going to be significantly diminished."
Despite complaints from critics of executive overreach by the Obama administration in promulgating these rules, McCarthy said they are "within the four corners of the Clean Air Act, and it's legally what we're supposed to do."
But McCarthy did not play down their impact.
"I think EPA has never produced a rule that is going to be as significant," they said.
Dr Joseph Spitzer is a prominent mohel, a traditional Jewish circumciser. From the Wikipedia page on mohels:
Biblically, the infant's father is commanded to perform the circumcision himself. However, as most fathers are not comfortable or do not have the training, they designate a mohel. The mohel is specially trained in circumcision and the rituals surrounding the procedure. Many mohalim are doctors or rabbis (and some are both) or cantors and are required to receive appropriate training both from the religious and medical fields. Traditionally, the mohel uses a knife to circumcise the newborn. Today, doctors and some non-Orthodox mohalim use a perforating clamp before they cut the skin. The clamp makes it easier to be precise and shortens recovery time. Orthodox mohalim have rejected perforating clamps, arguing that by crushing and killing the skin it causes a great amount of unnecessary pain to the newborn, cutting off the blood flow completely, which according to Jewish law is dangerous to the child and strictly forbidden, and also renders the orlah (foreskin) as cut prior to the proper ritual cut. Under Jewish law, a mohel must draw blood from the circumcision wound. Most mohels do it by hand with a suction device, but some Orthodox groups use their mouth to draw blood after cutting the foreskin. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a warning in 2012 about the health implications of this practice, citing 11 cases of neonatal HSV and two recorded fatalities. A 2013 review of cases of neonatal HSV infections in Israel identified ritual circumcision as the source of HSV-1 transmission in 31.8% of the cases.
Spitzer claims to have circumcised thousands of male minors – most of them, presumably, when they were eight-day-old babies – over their 35-year-long ‘career'.
Last December I had a brief encounter with Spitzer at their clinic in Stamford – here (video, 3:00). Shortly afterwards they were placed on the Known Genital Mutilators Directory – here.
Three months ago I presented papers in Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court, in a bid to bring a private prosecution of Spitzer under the Offences Against the Person Act (1861). Details here.
We recently had a response from a judge at the court. As a consequence, we are now seeking individuals who are prepared to act as witnesses in my private prosecution of Spitzer. They will have no personal liabilities, and will not have to bear any costs in the unlikely event the prosecution is unsuccessful. Key points:
– we're looking for a number of individuals, to prove a ‘course of conduct'
– they should have a date or range of dates over which they were circumcised, ideally with some documentary evidence
– the place the circumcision took place should be identified
If this bid to track down victims of Spitzer's crimes is unsuccessful, we shall have to consider alternative options e.g. newspaper advertising asking for victims to come forward. The Jewish Chronicle refused to publish such an advertisement. Quelle surprise. And we shall post leaflets door-to-door in Stamford Hill, where Spitzer works, where there is a large population of Haredi Jews. Golders Green, too.
We plan to hold Spitzer accountable for the thousands of crimes he's committed against innocent male minors, then we'll focus on other genital mutilators, of all faiths and none.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Republican Matthew McCord was feeling pretty good about the $12,000 they had raised for their campaign for Henry County district attorney when they were blindsided by a September surprise.
New York billionaire George Soros dumped $147,000 into Georgia Safety & Justice, an independent-expenditure committee registered on Aug. 26, aimed at defeating Mr. McCord and electing their opponent, Democrat Darius Pattillo.
After recovering from the shock, Mr. McCord, a former prosecutor in Clayton and Newton counties, did what they thought was best for themselves and the party: They dropped out of the race, allowing Mr. Pattillo to run unopposed.
“It was horrible,” said Mr. McCord, a lawyer in private practice in McDonough. “They rented space, they had a staff, they were using a Washington, D.C.-based PR firm. So what I knew was they could say whatever they wanted to say about me. It didn't matter if it was true, and I would have no way to respond.”
They had already received a taste of things to come. “I've always been fairly centrist. I have a foundation that I started that has paid to send minority kids to school. And they [Soros campaigners] were already trying to paint me as a white racist,” they said. “It's deplorable.”
Mr. McCord wasn't alone. In 2015 and 2016 Mr. Soros, a leading Black Lives Matter funder, sunk more than $7 million into at least 11 local prosecutorial races in 10 states in an effort to implement criminal justice reform from the inside.
In addition to Henry County, the races took place in Bernalillo County, New Mexico; St. Louis; Harris County, Texas; Maricopa County, Arizona; Cook County, Illinois; Jefferson County, Colorado; Orange/Osceola counties, Florida; Hinds County, Mississippi; Lowndes County, Mississippi, and Caddo Parish, Louisiana.
Most of the time it paid off: Of the 11 races for county district attorney examined by The Washington Times, the Soros-backed candidate won nine. In two of those contests, Republicans took themselves out of the running before the election.
For Mr. McCord, the decision to exit came after they spoke with Republican Dhu Thompson, who lost their bid for district attorney a year ago in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, after Mr. Soros's Louisiana Safety & Justice PAC spent $800,000 on behalf of their opponent.
“He [Thompson] said to me, ‘The get-out-the-vote effort is massive. When Soros comes in, he's going to bring their own people, and they're going to bus everyone they can to the polls, and it's going to affect other races,'” said Mr. McCord.
“Every Republican who won here won by a pretty thin margin,” they said. “If I had stayed in it, I was pretty sure it would inure to the detriment of people who were my friends, who were also running for office.”
Progressives have praised Mr. Soros' commitment to helping elect prosecutors who share their commitment to goals such as “reducing racial disparities in sentencing and directing some drug offenders to diversion programs instead of trials,” said the Reverb Press' Megan Hamilton.
“While other mega-donors pour money into the presidential and congressional campaigns, Soros is changing the American justice system for the better,” they said in a Sept. 1 post.
Opined New York magazine: “Soros is trying to buy America a less racist justice system.”
But Republicans have raised alarm over the specter of bought-and-paid-for county prosecutors beholden to Mr. Soros and their impact on an independent criminal justice system.
Those concerns were heightened when one Soros-backed candidate, Hinds County District Attorney Robert Shuler Smith, was indicted in September on charges of attempting to hinder the prosecution of two criminal defendants. They have pleaded not guilty.
The Mississippi Safety & Justice PAC spent about $56,000 to help re-elect Mr. Smith in November 2015.
Democratic candidates have insisted that the Soros money came as a surprise — which is probably true given that candidate campaigns and independent committees are forbidden from collaborating — and that the funding would have no impact on their positions.
Mr. Pattillo told the Henry Herald that they had received no money personally or for their campaign, adding, “I think this is being used as an excuse or a distraction.”
Democrat Kim Ogg, who defeated Harris County District Attorney Devon Anderson last week by 54 percent to 45 percent after receiving nearly $1 million from the Soros-backed Texas Safety & Justice PAC, argued during the campaign that the incumbent's record was far more significant than the Soros money.
“My opponent's campaign has tried to create a false narrative that my policies have been influenced by my financial supporters, but my policy and platforms have been consistent,” Ms. Ogg told Free Press Houston in an Oct. 31 interview.
Each of Mr. Soros' state-registered committees has the same name: the name of the state followed by “Safety & Justice.” Whitney Tymas, who is listed as the contact on the state campaign finance forms, did not immediately return a request for comment.
At least two of the Republicans swung back during their campaigns with attacks on Mr. Soros and their efforts to influence their races, including Ms. Anderson, who ran ads saying that they “wants to impose their socialist agenda on Harris County with their handpicked candidate Kim Ogg.”
The anti-Soros tack didn't work in Harris County, but it did in Jefferson County, Colorado, where Colorado Safety & Justice sunk $1.1 million into a failed attempt to unseat GOP District Attorney General Pete Weir — or 18 times what their campaign raised.
Both Democrats and Republicans rushed to condemn the outside interference, including former Democratic Gov. Bill Ritter, who slammed in an Oct. 20 op-ed “Soros' false and reckless attempt to manipulate the DA's race in the 1st Judicial District.”
Many of the candidates who benefited from the Soros donations are minorities, but not all, including Mr. Weir's Democratic opponent, Jake Lilly.
Mr. McCord said they believe it's more a case of Mr. Soros choosing candidates who already agree with their criminal justice philosophy.
“Obviously Soros picks people who share their point of view,” Mr. McCord said. “But I think it's awfully disingenuous when people who are the benefactors of that money act like they don't know anything after it happened.”
In addition, “They certainly don't refuse it,” they said. “And if there's any ideological difference between them and Soros, they don't go out of their way to make that known.”
Mr. Thompson, now a lawyer in private practice in Shreveport, Louisiana, said they never heard from Mr. Soros during last year's campaign, even though they challenged them on multiple occasions to come to town for a debate.
What happens next is anyone's guess. “Only time will tell if there was a specific policy they [Mr. Soros] wanted them to implement,” said Mr. Thompson. “But we're keeping our eyes wide open.”
Thursday 16 May 2013 3:25pm
Hallie Buckley and Rebecca Kinaston
A University of Otago-led multidisciplinary team of scientists have shed new light on the diet, lifestyles and movements of the first New Zealanders by analysing isotopes from their bones and teeth.
In research published today in the prestigious international journal PLOS ONE, the team are able to identify what is likely to be the first group of people to colonise Marlborough's Wairau Bar possibly from Polynesia around 700 years ago. They also present evidence suggesting that individuals from two other groups buried at the site had likely lived in different regions of New Zealand before being buried at Wairau Bar.
The researchers, co-ordinated by the Department of Anatomy's Associate Professor Hallie Buckley, undertook isotopic analyses of samples recovered from the koiwi tangata (human remains) of the Rangitane iwi tupuna prior to their reburial at Wairau Bar in 2009.
The Wairau Bar Koiwi Project is part of a larger archaeological project being conducted in collaboration with the Rangitane iwi, the Canterbury Museum and the University of Otago. The interpretation of these new data was strengthened by collaboration with colleagues from SPAR, the University of Otago archaeologists who undertook the more recent archaeological excavations at the site.
“By examining ratios of carbon and nitrogen isotopes present in bone collagen we were able to estimate individuals' broad dietary makeup over a 10-20 year period prior to death. Our analysis of strontium isotopes in teeth allowed us to distinguish between people growing up in geologically different landscapes,” says Dr Rebecca Kinaston, who conducted the isotope analyses on the bones and teeth.
The tupuna were originally buried in three separate groups in a large village at the Wairau site. First excavated over 70 years ago, this ancient settlement is one of the most important archaeological sites in New Zealand because of its age and the range of east Polynesian type artefacts found there.
Previous research found that one of the burial groups displayed distinct cultural differences to the two other burial groups at the site. These included the positions in which they were interred and the presence of more numerous and rich grave offerings, including whale bone ornaments and moa eggs generally not found with the other two groups.
The new isotopic analysis of bone collagen and teeth suggests that members of this first group shared similar diets and childhood origins, while individuals in Groups 2 and 3 displayed highly variable diets and spent their childhood in geologically different areas to Group 1.
“Interestingly, Group 1 individuals showed a dietary trend similar to that identified in prehistoric individuals from a site in the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia, with both sets of people sharing a low diversity in protein sources,” Dr Kinaston says.
In contrast, dietary patterns in Groups 2 and 3 were found to be in line with individuals who spent most of their lives eating from a wide range of protein sources, such as would be available through New Zealand's then bountiful seal, moa and other bird populations.
The large range found in Group 2 and 3's strontium isotope ratios could reflect that they grew up in regions outside of Wairau Bar—but not where Group 1 did—and also that they were hunting and gathering across a wide geographical range, says Associate Professor Hallie Buckley.
“This is consistent with other archaeological evidence that the first settlers in New Zealand were highly mobile. That members of Groups 2 and 3 were still buried back at Wairau suggests that this village may have fulfilled both a ceremonial and home base function.”
If this is the case, this may represent the roots of the tangihanga ritual, in which Maori are buried in their ancestral lands, developing among these first New Zealanders, Associate Professor Buckley says.
For more information, contact
Associate Professor Hallie Buckley
Department of Anatomy
University of Otago
Tel 64 3 479 5775
Mob 021 94 00 20
Email hallie.buckley@otago.ac.nz
Dr Rebecca Kinaston
Department of Anatomy
University of Otago
US Tel: +011 530 913 1589
Publication details
The first New Zealanders: patterns of diet and mobility revealed through isotope analysis
Rebecca Kinaston, Richard Walter, Chris Jacomb, Emma Brooks,
Nancy Tayles, Sian E Halcrow, Claudine Stirling4, Malcolm Reid, Andrew Gray,
Jean Spinks, Ben Shaw, Roger Fyfe, Hallie Buckley
PLOS ONE
The article can be accessed for free at: dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0064580
About the Wairau Bar Koiwi Research Project
The Wairau Bar Koiwi Research Project is a joint initiative between the University of Otago, the Canterbury Museum and Rangitane ki Wairau. The kaitiakitanga of Rangitane ki Wairau over the tupuna (ancestors) discussed in the PLOS ONE paper is acknowledged by the University of Otago and members of this research group.
Related articles
A list of Otago experts available for media comment is available elsewhere on this website.
Electronic addresses (including email accounts, instant messaging services, or telephone accounts) published on this page are for the sole purpose of contact with the individuals concerned, in their capacity as officers, employees or students of the University of Otago, or their respective organisation. Publication of any such electronic address is not to be taken as consent to receive unsolicited commercial electronic messages by the address holder.
On September 11, Arctic sea ice reached its likely minimum extent for 2015. The minimum ice extent was the fourth lowest in the satellite record, and reinforces the long-term downward trend in Arctic ice extent. Sea ice extent will now begin its seasonal increase through autumn and winter. In the Antarctic, sea ice extent is average, a substantial contrast with recent years when Antarctic winter extents reached record high levels.
Please note that this is a preliminary announcement. Changing winds or late-season melt could still reduce the Arctic ice extent, as happened in 2005 and 2010. NSIDC scientists will release a full analysis of the Arctic melt season, and discuss the Antarctic winter sea ice growth, in early October.
Overview of conditions
On September 11, 2015, sea ice extent dropped to 4.41 million square kilometers (1.70 million square miles), the fourth lowest minimum in the satellite record. This appears to be the lowest extent of the year. In response to the setting sun and falling temperatures, ice extent will now climb through autumn and winter. However, a shift in wind patterns or a period of late season melt could still push the ice extent lower.
The minimum extent was reached four days earlier than the 1981 to 2010 average minimum date of September 15. The extent ranked behind 2012 (lowest), 2007 (second lowest), and 2011 (third lowest). Moreover, the nine lowest extents in the satellite era have all occurred in the last nine years.
Both the Northern Sea Route, along the coast of Russia, and Roald Amundsen's route through the Northwest Passage are open. How long they remain open depends on weather patterns and the amount of heat still present in the ocean mixed layer (about the top 50 feet of the ocean). The deeper and wider Northwest Passage route through Parry Channel, which consists of M'Clure Strait, Barrow Strait, and Lancaster Sound, still has some ice in it.
Conditions in context
This year's minimum was 1.02 million square kilometers (394,000 square miles) above the record minimum extent in the satellite era, which occurred on September 17, 2012, and 1.81 million square kilometers (699,000 square miles) below the 1981 to 2010 average minimum.
Research has shown that especially low September sea extent tends to occur in years when the summer atmospheric circulation over the central Arctic Ocean is dominated by high atmospheric pressure, or anticyclonic conditions. This is because anticyclonic conditions tend to bring relatively sunny and warm conditions, and a clockwise wind pattern promotes ice convergence, making for a more compact, and thus smaller ice cover. The best example of this pattern occurred during the summer of 2007, which had the second lowest September extent in the satellite record. Conversely, Septembers with high extent tend to occur when the atmospheric circulation over the central Arctic Ocean is more cyclonic (counterclockwise), meaning unusually low pressure at the surface. This pattern brings more clouds, lower temperatures, and winds that spread the ice over a larger area.
Viewed in this framework, the pattern of atmospheric circulation for summer 2015 as a whole (June through August) favored a low September extent. Sea level pressures were higher than average over the central Arctic Ocean, as well as over Greenland and the surrounding region. Pressures were below average over north-central Eurasia. This was associated with air temperatures at the 925 hPa level (about 3,000 feet above the surface) that were above average over much of the Arctic Ocean, especially along the coast of eastern Siberia, in the Laptev Sea, and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago extending to the pole. However, it was not nearly as favorable as the 2007 pattern, when the area of unusually high pressure was located further south and east (over the northern Beaufort Sea), and unusually low pressure extended along much of the coast of northern Eurasia. This led to a pattern of warm winds from the south over the East Siberian and Chukchi Seas, promoting strong melt and transport of ice away from the coast. For both 2015 and 2007, the summer pressure patterns led to winds directed down the Fram Strait, helping to transport ice out of the Arctic Ocean into the East Greenland Sea.
Varying distribution of ice in 2015 versus 2012
While minimum extent was higher this year compared to 2012, there are many similarities in the spatial pattern of the ice cover. Both years had considerable ice loss in the Beaufort, Chukchi, and East Siberian seas, though this year the ice extent did not retreat as far north as in 2012. Both also show a tongue of ice extending further southward on the Siberian side of the Arctic. In 2012, the tongue extended toward the Laptev Sea. This year, the tongue is farther east, in the western part of the East Siberian Sea, and is related to thicker, older ice that did not melt completely. North of Svalbard and in the Kara Sea, sea ice extent was slightly higher this year than in 2012.
Previous minimum Arctic sea ice extents
Marvel has some big changes in store for Thor, Captain America, and Iron Man. While their corporate siblings over at Marvel Studios prepare to reunite the Big Three onscreen in next year's Avengers: Age of Ultron, Marvel Comics will debut radical new looks for the three most iconic Avengers. It's all part of a much larger initiative known as Avengers NOW!, which will see the debut of new Big Three books and several other new ongoing series.
In November, Superior Iron Man #1 sends Tony Stark to San Francisco with a new outfit and a new perspective on life. “The Genius Bar costume is there for a reason,” Marvel editor-in-chief Axel Alonso tells EW. “The newly-transformed Superior Iron Man has very ambitious plans for the city that some of its residents embrace, but not all.” Comic book fans will note the very pointed addition of the word “Superior” to the title. The last time that happened, it was Superior Spider-Man, and Doctor Octopus took over Peter Parker's brain. Doc Ock won't be invading Tony's frontal lobe, but Alonso does note, “Like the Superior Spider-Man, Superior Iron Man is a character that's hard to root for.” The series is written by Tom Taylor and drawn by In a series written by Tom Taylor and drawn by Yildiray Cinar.
Also in November comes All-New Captain America #1. As has been hinted elsewhere, Steve Rogers will find themselves unable to take up the mantle of Captain America, leaving someone else to put on the stars and stripes in their place. Because the new Cap appears to be African-American, most experts think it will be Sam Wilson, a.k.a. the Falcon, Cap's friend and longtime partner. Alonso doesn't confirm or deny, though they do note that the character in the image above has “what appears to be something that allows them the gift of flight.” They also say that All-New #1—written by Rick Remender and with art by Stuart Immonen—will be “very much a jumping-on point [for people] who both like the Captain America and really enjoyed the second Captain America movie.” (Which featured Anthony Mackie as the Falcon.) UPDATE: And now The Colbert Report has confirmed that Sam Wilson will be the new Captain America. Go, Captain Falcmerica, go!
But all those changes pale in comparison to what's going on in October's Thor #1. In the new series written by Jason Aaron and drawn by Russell Dauterman, there's a whole new Thunder God–or Goddess, rather. It all comes out of the Original Sin story arc. “For reasons that will be revealed in Original Sin, Thor won't be able to pick up the hammer,” says Alonso. “Someone has to pick up the hammer. And someone does. And they become Thor.” That someone is a lady—who precise identity won't be revealed immediately. “There are several women in Thor's life, and one of them is going to be the new Thor. You aren't going to find out who it is for some time. This is a slowly unfolding mystery.”
Avengers NOW! goes way beyond the Big Three. All the characters in the exclusive image above will play a more prominent role in the Marvel Universe going into 2015. That makes sense for Dr. Strange, Scarlet Witch, and Ant-Man, who will be in the public eye as their film debuts move closer to release. But Marvel will also be focusing more on Inhuman characters like Medusa and Inferno, alongside the new Marvel arrival Angela, who originated as an Image character but who is being worked into Thor's mythology.
Although Alonso won't confirm specifically which characters are getting solo books, they do note that Marvel has several female-centric titles on the market now. “There was a time about two and a half years ago, when we were canceling X-23, and I realized that was the last of our female-helmed titles,” notes Alonso. Since then, Marvel has added titles like Elektra, Black Widow, She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel, Captain Marvel, Storm, and an all-female X-Men. Whether Scarlet Witch or Angela join their ranks will be revealed in the coming months, as Marvel moves closer to the launch of Avengers NOW!
The initiative will also feature a renewed focus on Deathlok and the Winter Soldier, and more than ten titles already in the planning stages. Expect to hear more about Avengers NOW! throughout Comic-Con. Ultron who?
MARTINEZ — The public may be able to visit John Muir's final resting place at the 1.27-acre Strenzel-Muir family grave site before the end of the year.
The U.S. National Park Service has for several years been exploring ways to allow public access to the grave site, located about a mile south of the John Muir National Historic Site. A six-person Park Service planning team was assigned the task of managing that effort.
The challenge has been how to allow access with minimum impact on the serene, creekside site and neighborhood in Martinez.
“We are trying to find a balance,” said Sue Fritzke, a deputy Park Service superintendent, said at a spring 2014 public workshop.
The National Park Service developed two prior plans, but Tom Letterman, superintendent of the park service's John Muir House and Eugene ONeil historic sites, said opinions expressed during a public comment period in April resulted in the need for a revised environmental assessment. A final visitation plan is expected for public review and comment by August, according to Letterman.
The grave site land is located on a cul-de-sac, so neighbors were concerned about noise, litter, traffic, parking, large groups, facilities/amenities and signs. Most of those issues have been resolved, but days, times and means of visitation still need adjustment, Letterman said.
People have visited the property over the years since Muir's death — even when it was private property — because of their dedication to John Muir's reverence for nature and their philosophy of conservation. Sierra Club co-founder William Colby is among them.
The grave site property, bounded by Alhambra Creek, was not part of the original John Muir National Historic Site when it was established in 1964. Congress approved its addition to their site in 1988, and the American Land Conservancy bought it from the Muir-Hanna Family Trust in 1993. When money became available in 2000, it was transferred to the National Park Service.
The legislation making the grave site as a fundamental part of the overall John Muir site requires the Park Service to manage it as a public memorial honoring Muir, a champion of wilderness conservation.
At first, some thought the property should be left natural given Muir's love of wild places, but part of the congressional approval of the site to the park system is a mandate to allow public access.
The final plan will be reviewed by the Park Service's Pacific West Regional Office.
Reach Dana Guzzetti at dguzzetti10@gmail.com or call 925-202-9292.
—
As criticism of Uber has mounted over the past month, one of its most prominent partners has discussed whether to continue its relationship with the company. Spotify decided not to participate in a press campaign about an upcoming update to the Uber app, The Verge has learned. In an internal company-wide email, the company's head of product refers to discussions the company held about ending Uber's API access, which allows riders to control a driver's sound system from their smartphones.
“For me, given the views I've shared with you regarding Uber and the practices that have been on display there recently, even staying on Uber is not a straightforward decision,” wrote Gustav Söderström, Spotify's head of product. “But it also doesn't feel right to punish our users by pulling support for the API. I'd rather try to change behaviour by participating and showcasing what we believe in."
“Even staying on Uber is not a straightforward decision.”
Söderström's email comes after a series of missteps at the ride-hailing giant, which included a blockbuster account of sexism from a former engineer, a widely viewed video of CEO Travis Kalanick insulting a driver, and a report about an internal effort to skirt local regulations.
The internal debate at Spotify suggests that at least one of Uber's partners have become wary of associating with a company that has lately been almost as well known for its scandals as it has its transportation service. Some early Uber investors have also sought to distance themselves from the company, presumably in part over fears that the association would damage future investment prospects.
Uber added Spotify integration in 2014, giving riders the ability to control drivers' sound systems. Pandora was added as an alternate option last September. An app redesign last year removed Spotify and Pandora from the app; that feature is apparently set to return in an upcoming update. The music streaming integration is part of Uber's efforts to get riders to use its app during trips, which will create opportunities for the company to sell advertising, among other things.
Spotify and Uber declined to comment.
For the past two decades, one accomplishment has guaranteed students a spot in the University of Texas at Austin: Graduate near the top of your high school's class and you're in.
On Wednesday, state senators discussed repealing that promise at a hearing of the Senate Higher Education Committee. Black and Hispanic leaders touted the rule as perhaps the most important tool in trying to level the playing field for minorities in college admissions. But some senators and school officials cast doubt on its usefulness in 2017 and questioned whether the Legislature should be mandating university admissions at all.
"The Top 10 Percent Rule is a blunt instrument," said UT-Austin President Greg Fenves, quoting a recent legal opinion authored by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy.
The rule is simple. Graduate in the top 10 percent of your Texas high school's class, and you get into any public university in the state. The one exception is UT-Austin, where the sheer number of top 10 percent applicants once threatened to overwhelm the school. In 2009, the Legislature amended the rule to cap the number of automatic admittees to the Austin school at 75 percent of incoming freshmen. That usually means that students in the top 7 or 8 percent get in automatically.
Sign-up for the #HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the #HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
But UT-Austin leaders have long complained about the policy's impact on their school. Three-fourths of the university's incoming students are evaluated solely on one metric — class rank. SAT scores, extracurricular activities and life circumstances are ignored. (The rule only really affects UT-Austin, since it's the only school with such a large share of automatically admitted students.)
"Just taking the standard set of courses and getting good grades is an important factor," Fenves said. "It isn't the only factor."
Committee members were discussing a bill by Sen. Kel Seliger, R-Amarillo, that would completely eliminate the program. Lawmakers have proposed such a change unsuccessfully in the past. Many suburban lawmakers loathe it, since the schools in their district are competitive and it might make it harder for their students to get into the flagship school. But the fact that Seliger, who is chairperson of the higher education committee, is the author this time around likely improves its chances.
Still, a complete repeal won't be easy. Democrats and some rural Republicans are fiercely protective of the rule, since it has given students in their districts access to UT-Austin that didn't exist before the rule was written. Lawmakers created the rule in 1997, a year after a federal appeals court ruling temporarily banned affirmative action in the state.
The thinking behind it is that not all high schools are created equal. Schools in poor urban or rural areas tend to have fewer resources than the wealthy suburban schools. The poorer students come from less-educated families and tend to do worse on the SAT. Sometimes they can't afford extracurricular activities. But none of those disadvantages matter under the Top 10 Percent Rule.
UT-Austin leaders, senators and higher education officials all acknowledged that the rule has helped rural students. The number of high schools that send students to Austin has gone up dramatically. But they said they were less sure of its impact on minorities. Hispanic enrollment at UT-Austin has increased significantly since the policy was put in place, but so has the number of Hispanic people in Texas.
Meanwhile, UT-Austin officials noted that they are committed to diversity and won't abandon it if the rule is repealed. The university fought a years-long legal battle to preserve the right to use affirmative action. Last year, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the practice.
"We need to bring together students with a diverse range of life experiences and perspectives," said UT-Austin Provost Maurie McInnis.
McInnis said the school would also commit to keeping the rule in place for the next two admissions cycles, even if Seliger's bill became law. That would be done, they said, to avoid changing the rules at the last minute for current high schoolers.
The hearing on the issue stretched into the early evening, with Sen. Royce West, D-Dallas, grilling UT-Austin officials on the effectiveness of the rule. Then, several black and Hispanic leaders urged the committee to keep the policy in place.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said former Sen. Gonzalo Barrientos, D-Austin, who helped come up with the rule in the 1990s.
The group also included Claudia Hernandez, a graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Dallas, which is less than 1 percent white and more than 85 percent economically disadvantaged. Them single mother, who had just a sixth-grade education, stressed the importance of college but wasn't able to offer much help in getting there.
Still, Hernandez finished near the top of their class, enrolled in UT-Austin, graduated and became a lawyer. If it hadn't been for the top 10 percent rule, they said, they might not have even applied.
"I truly believe that if I wasn't in the top 10 percent, they would have just looked at my SAT scores and kicked me out," they said.
Seliger's bill, Senate Bill 2119, was left pending after the hearing. The committee will likely vote on it as early as next week.
Read more:
Last year, the Texas Tribune published a series on the history of the Top 10 Percent Rule and its impact on UT-Austin and the state.
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld UT-Austin's admissions practices in June.
This article originally appeared in The Texas Tribune at https://www.texastribune.org/2017/04/05/texas-senators-mull-eliminating-top-10-percent-rule/.
Texas Tribune mission statement
The Texas Tribune is a nonprofit, nonpartisan media organization that informs Texans — and engages with them — about public policy, politics, government and statewide issues.
© The Texas Tribune
The Story Behind Rick And Morty's Szechuan Sauce, According To The Co-Creator By Mick Joest Random Article Blend Szechuan sauce has become the unofficial mascot for Season 3 of Rick and Morty, and fans have pestered McDonald's and it's employees nonstop to bring back the obscure sauce they sold in 1998 to promote Mulan. Now the story behind how that bit came to be is coming out via co-creator Justin Roiland, who shares their story and love for the sauce in the quote below: It was a real life story that I fucking love that sauce. It is so fucking good. But I also understand the science of taste buds. [laughs] Actually I don't, I don't understand the science of taste buds. I don't know why I said that. But I think I understand that your taste buds change over the course of your life, much like you shed your fucking skin and change every seven years, or whatever the fuck people say. So who knows? I'll probably taste it and be like, 'Blech. Ugh. Disgusting.' But I don't know. My memory of it is that it was the fucking most delicious thing I've ever had in my life, and I probably ate more McNuggets that year than I probably have in my entire life combined. Because of that fucking disgusting sauce. Delicious. So Justin Roiland created a fever pitch over Szechuan sauce, and he's not even 100% sure he's going to enjoy it if it comes back? That's probably a nightmare for McDonald's who may actually know the sauce was not that big of a hit, but absolutely hilarious for Roiland and the staff. It's incredible to think that Rick and Morty has such a high level of influence that the mere mention of something obscure like that sparked petitions, speculation, and massive online auctions all over a packet of sauce. Other creator of Rick and Morty Dan Harmon says during the video that the skit is a play on the obsessive consumerism of Justin Roiland, who really seems to love their products. Harmon says the team has played on this joke once before in "Total Rickall," in a scene where Rick bursts in with a scheme to get rich off of selling limited editions of the Nintendo 3DS. Harmon says Rick's words are almost verbatim of Roiland's in an event that happened one day at the office. After reading that Roiland actually held onto a memory of a sauce they had decades ago, this scenario actually happening in real life isn't that hard to believe: Rick and Morty is set to return for Season 3 beginning Sunday, July 30 at 11:30 p.m on Adult Swim. Get hyped for Season 3 by checking out our list of things that this coming season absolutely has to answer, or Justin Roiland getting drunk and trying to record lines for Rick. Those who are just wanting an explanation as to why they've had to wait so long, co-creator Dan Harmon gave the scoop a while back about what the hold up was. For information regarding other great summer programming that's worth a watch, visit our summer premiere guide. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange launched the website's new project today, the publication of hundreds of files it claims show a global industry that gives governments tools to spy on their citizens.The files reveal the activities of about 160 companies in 25 countries which develop technologies to allow the tracking and monitoring of individuals by their mobile phones, email accounts and Internet browsing histories."Today we release over 287 files documenting the reality of the international mass surveillance industry -- an industry which now sells equipment to dictators and democracies alike in order to intercept entire populations," Assange told reporters in London.He said that in the last ten years it had grown from a covert industry which primarily supplied government intelligence agencies such as the NSA in the United States and Britain's GCHQ, to a huge transnational business.Assange has been in Britain for the past year fighting extradition to Sweden for questioning on allegations of rape and sexual assault, living under tight bail conditions. Hi case is due to come up again on Monday.The documents on the website http://wikileaks.org/the-spyfiles.html, include manuals for surveillance products sold to repressive Arab regimes.They have come to light in part from offices ransacked during uprisings in countries such as Egypt and Libya earlier this year, as well as investigative work by WikiLeaks and its media and campaigning partners."These systems that are revealed in these documents show exactly the kind of systems that the Stasi (East Germany's secret police) wished they could have built," said Jacob Appelbaum, a former WikiLeaks spokesperson and computer expert at the University of Washington."These systems have been sold by Western companies to places for example like Syria, and Libya and Tunisia and Egypt. These systems are used to hunt people down and to murder."Experts who worked on the release warned that at present the industry was completely unregulated, and urged governments worldwide to introduce new laws governing the export of such technology."Western governments cannot stand idly by while this technology is still being sold," said Eric King, from the Privacy International campaign group. It is the first time WikiLeaks has released documents since it announced on October 24 that it had been forced to suspend publishing classified files due to a funding blockade that saw its revenues plunge by 95 per cent.
Reviews
a Creativelive Student I've been engineering out of my home studio for the past 7 years. I recently graduated from college for studio production and recording bands has been my main source of income for the past 5 years or so. Honestly, this course was incredible and completely worth the $100. Kurt Ballou truly understands the art and they really got me excited to be a recording engineer. I already knew a lot of the techniques and details they went over, but they presented their ideas so intelligently that I was happy to sit through the topics that focused on beginners. I'm not a huge metal or hardcore fan, but Kurt has amazing taste in the way they produce these bands. It's hard to listen to some of the releases today that have the life sucked out of their music with full-on drum replacement and crazy amounts of autotune. It was just refreshing to listen to an engineer who totally knows what makes rock music exciting. This class is worth checking out even just to watch a successful modern engineer show you the basics of theirs craft.
a Creativelive Student This course has been the most comprehensive I have watched concerning the art of audio manipulation. The points made in terms of phase relationships, mic technique, and polarity are valuable insight into getting good sound. My personal favorite was the way they edit toms. All the content is good stuff and well worth your money. Icing on the cake in the included IR samples. I purchased the course for $79. I love you Kurt!
news Rob Ford Says Things on CBC's Metro Morning
Fact-checking the mayor's interview about Enwave, the Jarvis bike lanes, and their goals for council.
This morning at 8:10 a.m., Mayor Rob Ford made a rare appearance on the FM side of the radio dial, speaking with Metro Morning‘s Matt Galloway about what has happened so far at council this week, and about Ford's Summer of Scandal more broadly. In their discussion, Ford made a number of factual claims to bolster their arguments about which way the city is going. Let's take a look at the things they said, shall we?
On what to do with the proceeds from selling Enwave…
Claim: “We have to finish buying the streetcars. They cost about $700 million to finish the purchase, and we've got approximately $200 million to go.” (0:40)
The words “have to” are doing a lot of work in this sentence. Of course the City will have to pay for the new streetcars. But like most capital contracts, the obligation in this case is spread out over a number of years. Some payments have been made; more will be made each year running at least through 2018, as the City takes possession of the cars in stages. There is no immediate bill due on the streetcars that council cannot meet.
Given that the mayor acknowledges that about 70 per cent of the money has already been found, the argument at council yesterday (which will now continue at Budget Committee) was over whether to spend some of the Enwave proceeds on more immediate concerns, like the maintenance backlog at Toronto Community Housing Corporation (TCHC) or water repairs in Scarborough.
Ford acknowledges in the interview that the money may well be spent on TCHC, despite their wishes.
On the Jarvis bike lanes…
Claim: “Obviously, the congestion in this city, as you know, Board of Trade came out and said this costs $6 billion a year. We have to get traffic flowing. All we did now was moved the bike lanes from Jarvis over to Sherbourne.” (2:15)
This is true, the Toronto Board of Trade does say this: congestion cost the GTA $6 billion in 2006, and the figure is headed toward $15 billion in 2031 if nothing is done. But the mayor is referring here to a justification for removing the Jarvis bike lanes, while the Board of Trade has usually taken the economic threat of congestion to mean that we need more transit spending and even congestion charges. (More on that later.) It's not obvious that confirming the decision to remove the Jarvis bike lanes yesterday will substantially ease congestion on the 401.
Claim: “I don't know where you're getting that information from; we were told seven to 10 minutes.” (2:45)
Here, Ford is referring to the delay for car drivers on Jarvis as a result of installing the Jarvis bike lanes. Those of us who were at council yesterday heard City staff (in the person of the acting general manager of Transportation Services, John Mendes) tell councillors that while the initial delays incurred by the bike lanes were substantial, they were reduced to two minutes with some changes to signalled intersections. A 2011 City report clearly stated that the morning-rush-hour commute had increased by two minutes, with a three to five minutes increase in the evening [PDF].
On the City budget…
Claim: “By the end of my term I can say that gap I inherited, $750 million, is down to next to nothing; we're going to have a zero deficit in two years.” (3:55)
Municipalities in Ontario are forbidden from running a deficit. No council in the amalgamated city's history has run a “deficit” the way it's understood at the provincial and federal levels of government, or by ordinary speakers of the English language. It's not clear, but Ford seems to be referring to “opening pressure” once again to explain their policies. Other writers have explained at some length why this isn't a particularly productive or accurate way to describe the city's fiscal situation, but the short version is that conservative projections in January don't always materialize in disaster in December.
On transit, and how to pay for it..
Claim: “I don't support any of them right now. I'm not a tax-and-spend type of politician.” (4:30)
This is true. Rob Ford does not support taxes. Zero Pinocchios. It does, however, raise the question of what Rob Ford thinks is the appropriate way to deal with that $6 billion congestion cost they mentioned whole minutes ago. If they think Toronto can ease congestion simply by tearing up bike lanes, the bad news for everyone is there aren't enough of them to matter. So what do they think we should do?
Claim: “I think all levels of government have to sit at the table and find a solution. But to say just the City of Toronto pay for it or the province or the feds, that's not how three levels of government works…until we get all our revenue tools on the table, which I think there's a report coming next month or the month after, then we can explore it.” (4:36)
The report to which the mayor is referring seems to be this one, heading to the mayor's own Executive Committee next week. It's the very first item of business. It suggests a range of taxes, from road tolls, income taxes, and a sales tax to the more pedestrian kinds of municipal revenue like development charges and a land-transfer tax—the exact measures Ford rejected seconds earlier in the interview.
In fairness to the mayor, he's not the only one hoping Queen's Park and Ottawa can actually be coaxed in to providing sustainable, dedicated transit revenues.
Claim: “Say you're going to put back the car tax? No, I'm not going to support the car tax. Tolls? I'm not going to support tolls.” (5:27)
Clarity, at last! For the record, that's about $1.8 billion a year of revenue that the mayor has ruled out. City staff estimate that the GTA region needs about $2 billion on top of existing spending. So we have to look elsewhere, it seems.
On the knucklehead stuff…
Claim: “People understand a lot of those issues were political that I was dealing with. Let's call a spade a spade here: the NDP at council want to continue spending and the Liberals and Conservatives don't.” (7:00)
This is Ford's defence of the serial controversies that he's faced over the summer, ranging from having to testify in court over potential violations of the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act, to using City resources to help with the football teams they coach, to the most recent report from the ombudsman's office that the mayor's office broke the public-appointment process at City Hall.
Neither Ford nor I are mind-readers, but it's fair enough to say that their critics at council have different political objectives than they do (which is why they keep voting against him, albeit not often enough to save the Jarvis bike lanes). But the idea that the ombudsman, the integrity commissioner (from whom their conflict of interest troubles originally sprang), the Toronto Star, the Globe and Mail, and Clayton Ruby all have a plot to get the mayor is the kind of thing that you could only believe if you subsisted entirely on a diet of Toronto Sun online comments.
Claim: “According to a lot of people, I'm doing a good job.” (8:25)
The latest Forum Research Poll shows Ford's approval at 42 per cent [PDF], where it's been (with little change) for a year now. Their disapproval is 58 per cent, and is similarly stable. In a city of 2.5 million, 42 per cent is legitimately “a lot of people,” but it's perhaps not a number on which the mayor would like us to dwell.
On where the city is heading…
Claim: “You have to tell people the City of Toronto is open for business…. No one's gonna come if you have a filthy city; no one's gonna come if it's not a safe city.” (9:55)
This will shock the NDP's pro-filth, pro-danger caucus at council if they can be distracted from eating babies on sandwiches of taxpayer-kneaded bread.
Back in June, Facebook released a new feature to the iOS app, Slideshow, which takes photo uploaded to the service and turns them into videos, much like in Google Photos. We've received a tip that says this is now being tested in the Facebook app on Android, although it's hard to say how widely.
None of the Android Police team have Slideshow in the Facebook app, so we've not actually been able to use it. However, what we can say is this: it appears in the 'Post to Facebook' Activity, above the 'Tag Friends' option. Tapping it brings up gallery pictures, of which you can choose images for the slideshow. A title can also be set, along with music. The slideshow will then be published to Facebook.
The iOS version of this works by taking at least five photos in the last 24 hours, but whatever I tried I couldn't get it to show up on Android. Either way, if you're seeing it, let us know in the comments. The Facebook app is available on Google Play; to register for the beta programme, join the Google Group, then opt-in. We also have it available over at APK Mirror, where you can choose from either stable, beta, or alpha versions of the app. Be warned: the beta and especially alpha apps can be pretty buggy, with frequent crashes and other issues.
Posters From The Alan and Thomas Suddon Collection
When I started working at the Marilyn & Charles Baillie Special Collections Centre on the 5th floor of the Toronto Reference Library earlier this year, one of the first things that really caught my eye was the Alan and Thomas Suddon Collection: approximately 5,000 posters, broadsides and flyers advertising everything from businesses to protests to concerts to...well, pretty much anything you could publicize via pieces of paper stapled to a telephone pole. Taken as a whole, it's a fascinating cross-section of social, political and cultural trends in Toronto between the 1950s and early 1990s, especially the downtown, university-dominated Annex area.
Alan Suddon was the head of the Fine Art Department at the Reference Library for many years before they retired in 1987, and they and their son Thomas roamed the streets of Toronto for decades, searching for interesting posters to add to their collection. Thomas passed away in 1992 and Alan in 2000, and shortly after Alan's death, their wife Mary donated the collection to the library. All of the posters are now stored in the Special Collections Centre at the Reference Library, where they are available to be viewed by anyone upon request. They're organized chronologically, so ask for the year you're interested in and a box with all of the posters from that time will be brought out for you to look at.
It would be impossible to truly convey the full variety of the posters held in the Suddon Collection in a single blog post, but here's a little sampling to give you an idea (click on the photos for a larger view).
Left to right:
A screening of the film The Chelsea Girls, directed by Andy Warhol, at the Royal Ontario Museum Theatre (1968) Advertisement for Rodent Skateboards (1988) "Hong Kong Disco Contest" (1978) Theatrical production of The Capitalist Corporate Mind Machine, at the Actor's Lab Theatre (1991)
International Women's Day March (1982) "A Nice Happening" at the University of Toronto's Convocation Hall (1973) El Mocambo nightclub concert calendar, including listings for Howlin' Wolf, Bo Diddley and Charles Mingus (fall/winter 1974)
Moving notice for Bakka Science Fiction Book Shoppe, now known as Bakka Phoenix (1973) The Rivoli nightclub concert calendar, including listings for The Kids In The Hall and The Cowboy Junkies (August 1987)
ST. PAUL, Minn. (WCCO) — A state Senate Committee Tuesday moved one step closer to authorizing high security identification for Minnesota drivers that the federal government is requiring after 9/11.
Critics say the new rules will make it harder for undocumented immigrants to get a driver license.
If Minnesota does not approve Real ID, Minnesotans won't be able to board commercial airliners unless they also have a passport. The uncertainty is causing anxiety for businesses.
Airport officials said Tuesday airlines are reluctant to sign contracts if Minnesota doesn't have Real ID, and leisure travelers may already be staying away. But families, including undocumented immigrants, are suspicious the government may use Real ID to discover their legal status.
“The opportunity of undocumented immigrants to participate, due to lack of identification, deeply affects Minnesota families and our beloved communities,” Uriel Perez Espinoza of the Minnesota Council on Latino Affairs said in a hearing.
“Between the TSA wait lines and parking and those challenges that they have already, you throw this into the mix and I'm not sure if they have the right ID,” Mitch Killian, of the Minnesota Airports Commission, said. “We are convinced that we are already seeing passengers choosing not to travel because of the challenges that are out there.”
The bill is expected to pass, but lawmakers will likely engage in further debate.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KTVI) – Our You Paid For It investigative team has discovered that taxpayers might save a million dollars a year by getting rid of the St. Louis City License Collector's Office.
At present, St. Louis City residents are on the hook for License Collector Mavis Thompson's $80,000 annual salary and take home vehicle, as well as other top staffers, one of whom also gets a free car to take home.
The License Collector's Office has a $2 million a year budget.
However, the city's revenue department can also do the same job and eliminate the waste of paying two offices to do the job of issuing business licenses and collecting certain business taxes. Combining those offices could save taxpayers a million bucks.
St. Louis and St. Charles counties let their respective revenue and finance departments handle that job.
On the other side of Missouri, Kansas City's Revenue Department handles all of the work. They have a satellite office across the street from city hall, making it a one-stop shop for folks wanting to acquire business licenses.
It's an efficient set up, according to the Kansas City Revenue Commissioner, having their office issue licenses.
In St. Louis, representatives for Better Together, the group that did an exhaustive study of questionable municipal spending, said they spoke with a group of 100 business people who complained about the runaround they get with the current setup in the city. It forces them to go to multiple offices to get something done.
St. Louis City has the only elected License Collector's Office in the state. The system can only be changed by a vote of the legislature or a vote of the people.
Many of us know that data collection, cleaning, and processing is a time-consuming and sometimes arduous ordeal that requires patience along with elbow grease. It's usually the end product—insights from an analysis to feed action—that motivates us to munge. In this interview, Khuram Zaman of Fifth Tribe, explains how a desire to develop effective counter-messaging measures against violent extremists was the impetus behind creating and sharing their carefully curated dataset, How ISIS uses Twitter, on Kaggle.
The dataset, which consists of over 17,000 tweets from more than 100 pro-ISIS “fanboys”, is available to Kaggle users to analyze and participate in “crowdsourcing the fight against terrorism.” Khuram uploaded the tangle of extremist chatter in May 2016 as Kaggle began piloting a new feature allowing users to share the fruits of their labor in the form of public datasets. So far users and organizations have uploaded a wide variety of datasets for Kagglers to explore, analyze and visualize.
As they share their story, Khuram tells us how witnessing the effects of al-Qaeda shifting its means of radicalization from mainstream media to modern, polished digital marketing to spread terrorist propaganda to new, younger audiences motivated them to make a positive impact on the world. Their longtime interest in social media coupled with experience in digital strategy prepared them to challenge their terroristic messages. Since making the data publicly available, Kagglers have so far revealed that a small number of individuals command most of the influence in this pro-ISIS network. Read on to learn about the fascinating story behind Khuram's data and how it can be used to understand and combat the influence of extremist messages on social media.
Deep in the data
What motivated you to share this data with the Kaggle community?
I shared this dataset because I really believe that the open source community is a powerful resource in the fight against terrorism. I see how ISIS and groups like it are essentially crowdsourcing terrorism and would like to develop responses in kind. Many government officials tend to try and engage the large, established companies like Facebook, Google, and Twitter. Those companies have to balance privacy and security. Other than banning users, it's not really clear how they can combat violent messages from extremists. However, the open source and crowd source community doesn't have such limitations.
I think platforms like Github, Kaggle, Algorithmia, Meetups, and coding competitions can connect designers, developers, and digital strategists to create a strong network effect in ways that other organizations can't. I'd like to see greater coordination with moderate Muslim leadership, government, and the open source community to work together to deal with challenge of violent extremism which is both a problem we face at home and abroad.
Can you tell us about how you collected and cleaned the data?
Collecting and cleaning the data was very challenging. Firstly, it's a lot harder to find pro-ISIS fanboys (or “daeshbags” as Anonymous likes to call them) than you'd think. By studying tweets over an initial three month period, I realized that I needed to find clear rules for separating people that were pro-ISIS and people that were anti-Western. Indicators of someone being pro-ISIS included: (a) keywords in the user's name, description or tweets such as “Dawla” (which refers to the State), “Baqiyyah” (which denotes being part of the supposed ‘ever-expanding' of the ISIS state), “Amaq” (the agency used by ISIS to issue official proclamations, “Wilayat” (used by ISIS to divide up the world into its provinces), etc. I also looked at imagery such as if a user had the ISIS flag or images of radical leaders like al-Baghdadi, Anwar Awlaki, etc. I also looked at who they were following and following them back. All of these factors helped me identify factors to collect the data.
Secondly, once I was able to find these guys on Twitter, it was hard to keep track of them because Anonymous had initiated their campaign #OpISIS and was actively reporting the Twitter accounts of violent extremists and their sympathizers. ISIS responded by simply acquiring hacked Twitter accounts on the dark web and respawning very quickly. Some of the users I first tracked were on the 4th or 5th account but within a few months, they were on their 90th or 100th account. The solution was to create multiple scripts. One script was used to create a library of all the users and checked if they were still active or had their account suspended. Another script used Tweepy to download the data and store it in a SQLite database.
How did you become interested in learning from social media to combat terrorism?
My interests in combating terrorism and social media were two distinct interests that eventually converged.
My interest in combating terrorism originated when an individual named Samir Khan I knew was killed in a U.S. drone attack in Yemen. Samir and I met online through various forums and came to know one another. However, as time progressed, they began expressing more and more radical views such as supporting the Taliban, al-Qaeda, and eventually a former Imam named Anwar Awlaki. At first, I didn't think that much about their views as I thought it was just a phase and they would outgrow it. I got admitted and attended law school and lost touch with him. When I graduated and came back home, I learned that they had moved from North Carolina to join Anwar Awlaki in Yemen.
Up until this point, groups like al-Qaeda had relied on the mainstream media to propagate its message of terror. Anwar Awlaki was a very popular preacher and spoke both English and Arabic and ended up reaching audiences farther than other radical preachers. Unfortunately, they became effective at radicalizing young Western Muslims to go overseas and take up arms for various causes. Samir was one of this youth. However, they ended up being very influential in the evolution of terrorist propaganda. Samir was one of the first extremists to use introducing modern design, technology, and marketing to promote terrorism. Their digital magazine “Inspire” ended up becoming the basis for which later groups which draw inspiration. ISIS created its own magazine “Dabiq” which very clearly is modeled off of Inspire.
When Samir Khan was killed in the drone attack, it really affected me deeply. As an average person, you read about terrorism in the news and it sounds very far away. You think, “Oh, this is something that the government should handle. What can I possibly do in my individual capacity?” My focus when I graduated from law school was just finding a job and settling down, I wasn't thinking about geopolitics. Samir's death was a wake-up call to me that the issue of terrorism strikes closer to home more than we're aware of. My father served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps when they were my age and when I asked them why they signed up, they told me they felt that it was their duty to serve their country. I began to feel that I had an obligation to my countrymen, my community, and to the broader world to try and do something but I didn't know exactly what.
Samir's death was a wake-up call to me that the issue of terrorism strikes closer to home more than we're aware of.
My interest in social media developed pretty early on. I was in college when Facebook came out and Twitter came out when I graduated from law school. I used these social media platforms quite effectively to do community organizing and fundraising for various social causes. I ended up raising about half a million dollars online. Given that success, I ended up working with various organizations including a non-profit, a real-estate investment firm, and ended up joining my current company where I worked my way up to both partner and CEO. Our company's name is Fifth Tribe and we're a digital agency based out of the Washington DC Metro area. We came up with this name based on David Logan's “Tribal Leadership” which talks about how there are five types of corporate culture and each type defines the level of success a company has. A stage five company is one whose tribe is aligned to seek success not only for itself, its clients, but also to impact the world in a positive way. We gave ourselves this name in order to remind ourselves to do good things. At Fifth Tribe, we did product development, branding, web/mobile application development, and digital marketing. It gave me a lot of the skills to see digital strategy as a powerful tool to do more than just sell widgets for organizations. I began to feel that digital strategy could help solve some of the world's greatest challenges.
My interest in combating terrorism and my interest in digital strategy converged through complete chance. My friend Shahed Amanullah who runs Affinis Labs was organizing a hackathon at the 2014 Hedaya CVE Expo in Abu Dhabi. They invited Fifth Tribe to participate in the competition. I ended up inviting my co-worker who survived a suicide bombing in Pakistan while they were working at the United Nations a few years earlier. There, we first exposed in detail to some of the propaganda tactics by groups like ISIS. We saw how they were issuing 200,000+ tweets a day, using cutting edge design and videos to recruit unsuspecting youth from all over the world, and even modding popular games like Grand Theft Auto. We realized that as a digital agency, we were perfectly poised to go head to head with their propaganda. We presented in front of the entire conference and competed against 4 other teams and, much to our surprise, ended up winning first place.
We saw how they were issuing 200,000+ tweets a day, using cutting edge design and videos to recruit unsuspecting youth from all over the world, and even modding popular games like Grand Theft Auto.
After we came back home, I realized that there was a lot more that I could be doing. I began teaching myself Python through courses on Udemy and Coursera. During one of our company hackathons, I decided to try and play around with Twitter's API and used an open source library called Tweepy to began analyzing ISIS propaganda in real time. After the 2015 Paris Attacks, I increased the scale of the project and instead of analyzing a handful of users and hashtags, I began looking into integrating multiple languages. I presented my Twitter app publicly for the first time at the DC Hack and Tell in December 2015. Right before the hackathon, was able to figure out how to implement unicode encoding which allowed me to download tweets in multiple languages including Arabic, Turkish, Urdu, etc. After that, I began downloading tweets at a rate of 2,500 or so per week culminating in a dataset of 17,000 tweets over the past 6 months.
Kaggler analyses
Tell us about your favorite script (so far!) made using the data...
This is a very hard question to answer. I think all of them are pretty cool. I think it's a three-way tie between Georgi Gospodinov who analyzes the network of users, HuwFulcher who color-coded message senders, message receivers, and both, and Megan Risdal who analyzed the most popular languages used in the tweets.
What's the most interesting or insightful thing you've learned about the data?
The most interesting insight I learned was how a handful of users are essentially thought leaders and influence much of the network. I thought it would be a bit more evenly spread across the network, but its clear that 3-5 people are generating the lion's share of content and serve as connectors between content producers and content receivers.
How do you plan to use the analyses created by Kagglers?
I can't go into details about this, but the general idea is to present this data to mainstream clergy and influencers and develop counter-messaging. I'm putting together a team of people from all over the world to take this project to the next level. If anyone is interested in helping, please let me know.
Opening up about open data
In what ways do you see easy access to open data changing the world?
Whether we like it or not, open data is here to stay. Instead of avoiding it, we should embrace it. I think the greatest impact will be on governance and business. Open data forces transparency and accountability and there are a lot of inefficiencies in terms of how we govern and conduct commerce. Open data exposes these inefficiencies and allows us to correct them.
If you could make any other data freely available for analysis, what would it be?
I'd like to to upload a dataset of Islamophobes as well. This should be a lot easier given that they don't go through as many suspensions and also typically speak in one language as opposed to many. I'd then like to compare both datasets to see how news events affect both datasets. For example, Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump's decision to ban Muslims from the U.S. following the San Bernardino attacks was used in digital propaganda by al-Shabbab. My hypothesis is that these extreme fringes of society are feeding off of one another and I want to see if the data shows that.
Bio
Khuram Zaman is the CEO of Fifth Tribe, a leading digital agency based in Washington D.C. They have provided digital marketing services to clients as diverse as the U.S. Air Force, Aetna Innovation Health, Kaiser Permanente, Silatech, Oxfam, and the Hult Prize. Their writing has been featured in Entrepreneur.com, Business2Community, and LinkedIn Publisher. He's interested in studying social media data for a variety of different sectors.
A federal appeals court struck down Texas' tough voter identification law as discriminatory Wednesday, giving civil rights advocates a crucial victory in advance of the 2016 election.
The 9-6 ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, a generally conservative court, represents the third consecutive decision against the Texas law and sets up a potential Supreme Court showdown over the contentious issue of state photo ID rules.
The law could have left up to 600,000 voters without the proper identification in this fall's elections, opponents claimed. Because of that, the Supreme Court had invited voting rights advocates to seek a delay in the photo ID requirement if the appeals court had not ruled by Wednesday.
The appeals court majority said the law was not intended to discriminate but had that effect on minority voters.
"The district court must ensure that any remedy enacted ameliorates (the law's) discriminatory effect, while respecting the legislature's stated objective to safeguard the integrity of elections by requiring more secure forms of voter identification," the court said.
Sign-up for the #HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the #HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
Dissenting judges said the law was reasonable in both purpose and effect.
"Requiring a voter to verify their identity with a photo ID at the polling place is a reasonable requirement widely supported by Texans of all races and members of the public belonging to both political parties," they said. The majority ruling "fans the flames of perniciously irresponsible racial name-calling."
The law was enacted in 2011, blocked by a federal district judge in 2012 and then put into effect in 2013, when the Supreme Court struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act that had required Texas and some other states to get federal approval for voting changes. Challengers have won every court case since, but the law had remained in effect.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton criticized the court ruling. "Preventing voter fraud is essential to accurately reflecting the will of Texas voters during elections," they said, "and it is unfortunate that this common-sense law, providing protections against fraud, was not upheld in its entirety.”
Gerry Hebert, executive director of the Campaign Legal Center — which represented some Texas challengers — said "this law will no longer prevent eligible voters from casting a ballot this November.”
Other civil rights groups applauded the ruling bur wished for more -- a ruling that Texas lawmakers passed the law with a purpose to discriminate.
“We believe that the evidence is clear that (the law) was passed by a legislature that intended to discriminate and that the law must be invalidated in its entirety," said Sherrilyn Ifill, president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund.
The Texas case and another challenge to North Carolina's array of voting restrictions are the leading contenders among many voting rights cases to get to the Supreme Court as early as next year, when the justices could define what types of voting changes are allowed and prohibited under the Voting Rights Act.
"There is not a lot of guidance from the Supreme Court on these vote dilution cases," Thomas Farr, a lawyer representing North Carolina before the 4th Circuit appeals court, said last month. That court's decision is expected soon.
The Supreme Court has itself to thank for some of the laws enacted after the justices struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act in 2013. Those laws impose new rules for registering and voting that could limit access to the polls for minorities and young people in particular — the coalition that propelled Barack Obama to the White House in 2008 and 2012.
Seventeen states have new voting procedures in place for the November election, more than half of which are being challenged in court. Many require voters to show photo identification, such as the Texas law. Others target rules for registering, early voting and provisional voting, such as the wide-ranging North Carolina law that caused confusion and long lines in March's primary.
Those wide-ranging restrictions came under attack as racially discriminatory before a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit inn June. One judge said the legislature's rush to impose limits after getting a green light from the Supreme Court in 2013 "looks pretty bad to me."
Our need to be connected to our information at all times didn't just happen overnight. As business processes have gotten faster, and more data is available in real time, our ability to make business-critical decisions has increased. We are now so overwhelmed with information from all corners of our lives – professional, social, financial – that it's no wonder we are seeing more new ways to capitalize on that information, and put it right in front of us precisely when it arrives.I've been thinking about this lately because I just purchased a Pebble SmartWatch. It's a handy little wristwatch, no bigger than a traditional Timex, and it buzzes when I get new messages, emails, and other phone notifications, displaying relevant information on its face. It even allows me to see other information, like the weather, notifications, and my phone's current battery life, as well as control music and a few other functions without ever having to take my phone out. Because of an open API, people are creating more uses every day. What really got me thinking about it, since I somehow understood the device's intrinsic value to me when I bought it, was when a co-worker asked very plainly if I really felt like I needed to be that close to my information and notifications. Without much thought, I offered back a resounding “yes!”The Pebble works as a remote control for your smartphone – the device itself doesn't handle the bulk of the calculations; it only has enough internal thinking power to function as a digital watch. Even the configuration for its two-bit e-paper display is handled by the phone, leading to many criticisms of the smartwatch as not being particularly smart.Having seen the response and interest in wearable tech, the tech giants are now having their own go at it, with Google, Apple, Samsung, and even Nissan all releasing their own version, and one of the major improvements they're making is pouring computing power into the tiny wrist-mounted screen. The first of these to come out, Samsung's Galaxy Gear, has been held up to mixed reviews, with people complaining that the native processing and OS are clunky and unintuitive. My question is: is this really the way to go?Certainly there's some novelty in the “ubiquitous computing” future, and hiccups and birthing pains for newer-than-new technology are to be expected as we learn what is really required of new types of devices, but is it efficient and feasible to have everything with a screen packed with processing power, or would it be better to move towards thinner, lighter clients with enhanced connectivity?Think about it this way: I use Google Play Music to store my music in Google's cloud, which I stream to my phone, the information about which is displayed and managed on my watch. So when I push the “next” button on my watch, it sends a signal via Bluetooth to my phone to send a signal to Google's server to move to the next song. For sourcing people, the first impression of that line is bound to be that it's incredibly long, and inefficient. What if I just kept my music on my watch, the object that's most accessible all the time, and played it from there? And that's where the hidden costs come in. At $149.99, Pebble is able to produce something that is robust yet simple and uses the processing power of a host. Samsung's Galaxy Gear is expected to retail at around $300, twice the cost, and only a few more capabilities. When you start outfitting every piece of technology with a processor, file system, and other hardware components to make it more powerful, you increase costs across the board.It's analogous to the emergence of more electric and hybrid cars. Concerns about them not actually appreciably mitigating emissions since they still require a connection to a potentially polluting electrical plant were quelled when the relative efficiency of that one centralized coal plant was weighed against that of a million individual power generators represented by the individual cars on the road. As long as you have reliable and efficient conveyance methods for that energy, centralizing the process proved more beneficial overall.The tech industry is experimenting with wearable technology more and more, and Google's Glass is proof that they are willing to make real investments into continued R&D. It's certainly fun to imagine that this will eventually lead to neuro-silical integration on a reliable scale and that one day we'll be offered contact lenses capable of giving us an augmented reality view of our surroundings, but the focus for us will continue to be where the investments in computing power are being made, whether locally in each device, or hosting those capabilities in a centralized server farm, it will have big implications for the way we all use computers.If it were up to me, I would bank on thin clients as the future of personal and business computing. Massive investments in server farms have shown huge economies of scale created for companies that choose to move their computing into the cloud, and managing those systems, whether or not they are hosted, has only gotten easier. With more wearable technology on the way, we can see supply chains for information lengthen, but with the speed of the connections between our technology keeping pace with processing power, we will have more access to this information than ever before.
UPDATE, SEPTEMBER 2013: I have good news, and I have bad news... but still 4 stars (actually 3-1/2 but I had to round up ). HISTORY: I just bought a new Defender case for my iPhone 4S, meaning the old one lasted about 1 year with daily use. The holster caught in my seat belt and when I got out of the car (not realizing what had happened), the belt clip snapped into 3 pieces. Over the course of the year, the "latch" that turns the holster into an easel snapped off (I never used it but it just cracked off one day on its own), and one of the all-important side clips on the inner case snapped off so I could only put the iPhone into it one way & the inner case loosened. Due to this damage & the ongoing loosening/stretching of the outer rubber case, instead of just buying a replacement holster (a GREAT "feature" of this case is that you can do that!), I went for a complete replacement. THE GOOD NEWS: Otterbox is listening; all those complaints about flaps tearing off or the rubber portion of the case deforming must've been heard because the new version is much sturdier, especially the big flap that covers the docking port. Also, the fit seems tighter, and the outer (soft rubber) and inner (hard plastic) cases seem to mate together more tightly. THE BAD NEWS: The bottom flap now puts noticeable pressure on the docking cable, so I'm a little worried about that. The case also feels slightly bulkier, and is a lot more persnickety about snapping into the holster (tighter fit). THE WORST NEWS: The screen protector is not flat; it actually bows up a little in the center, so I'm having to use more pressure to actually activate anything on the touchscreen -- a royal PITA in most cases. (If you're a gamer, this will definitely interfere with what you're trying to do.) I'll see how the new, heavier rubber case behaves over the next few months.
-------
NOTE: SEE NEW MARCH 2013 UPDATE/ADDENDUM AT THE BOTTOM! Having read a number of reviews of different "heavy" cases for my new iPhone 4S, I went with the Otterbox Defender because it seemed to offer the best combination of price, ruggedness, and convenience. The reviews included problems that I felt were minor enough to overlook... and so far that seems to have been right.
I needed the case for a trip to the beach (important note: the Defender is *NOT* waterproof, I knew this in advance) and it arrived a couple of days ahead of time. There were a few awkward minutes actually installing it on the phone (the inner plastic shell seems very, very picky about how its edges & latches line up) and it took a couple of minutes to get all the edges of the rubber outer case positioned properly, but since then it has held up to everything I've thrown at it -- including two unplanned drops onto hard surfaces from a height of approx. 36 inches. Now that I've had the case for two months (haven't taken it off the phone since installing it), here are some of my impressions & experiences:
1)The case is on the beefy side; it DOES add to the heft of the phone. The first time a relative with an iPhone 4S in a bumper-type case picked mine up, they immediately asked why my phone was so much heavier than hers. It's also bulkier; you'll risk ripping pockets off men's dress shirts. I'm very glad the case comes with a plastic clip/holster. On the other hand, the phone's been well-protected, and I even feel okay with my 3-1/2 year old niece playing with it (supervised), so the beefiness is actually A Good Thing.
2) The rubber outer case has stretched and loosened a bit since I installed it. Not much, but enough for the phone to sometimes feel like it's slipping around inside when squeezed (e.g., when playing a game). It's minor but definitely something I'm going to keep an eye on over time.
3) The flaps on the outer case that cover the iPhone's ports & sockets don't always want to stay in place. Again, nothing major (yet) but kind of annoying when they catch on things.
4) The big flap on the bottom that covers the docking port seems to be actively trying to get itself torn off the case. It gets the most action (I charge and/or synch the phone daily), and within 3 weeks seemed to be stretching a bit. Now it's definitely the loosest part of the case and doesn't always close & seal properly (even when I work on it). Sometimes it seems to be actively trying to catch on the edge of the holster, the end of the cable, or anything else within a few inches of the phone. This is the one real negative to date, and the most common negative comment I remember reading in reviews before my purchase.
5) A small, unidentified part of the belt clip snapped off after only a couple of weeks. Happily, the holster & clip don't seem to have been affected, but what snapped off sure looks like it wasn't supposed to be removable, and it snapped under very light pressure from my hand as I picked up the phone in the holster from a table (this happened before the phone was ever dropped). I'm watching the belt clip like a hawk and so far it seems okay, but am still a little worried -- this is not a case that's convenient if I can't clip it to my belt.
6) A minor point: the built-in screen protector seems really good at collecting "schmutz" from my fingers. I only used the phone for a couple of weeks before putting the case on, and also am a little less worried about cleaning my fingers because I know the screen protector is there, but I'm kind of wondering if a naked iPhone screen gets this gooped-up this easily...? Luckily, it's very easy to clean, and I can just barely tell there's an extra layer of clear plastic between my fingers & the surface of the iPhone.
Bottom Line: I wish the outer case felt less like it's loosening and/or pulling away from the inner case, but at this point I would buy another identical case should the need arise in the future and have recommended this one to several friends & acquaintances. (I also made sure they knew it cost almost 40% less through Amazon than either in the phone store or from the Otterbox site directly!)
FOLLOW-UP, MARCH 5TH, 2013: The rubber outer case seems to have finally stopped stretching; it's definitely looser than it was, but mostly stays in place. It's a minor annoyance to have to push/pull/maneuver parts of it back into place periodically, but both iPhone and case have made it through 3 waist-height drops completely unscathed so my complaints are minimal. Of increasing concern is the screen protector's ongoing ability to act as a dirt magnet, with some marks and "schmutz" apparently becoming semi-permanent. Still isn't interfering with operation of the phone, but there are a couple of games I like where my score's been affected by either dirt in a corner or the inner bevel of the case getting in the way. One important point is that I'm pretty careful with the case; I make a point of tucking in loose flaps, re-seating the edges of the rubber when they come loose, etc. Many of my co-workers have the same case (all purchased 1-2 months after mine) and those who don't take equal care in treating their cases carefully have missing flaps, gashes in the rubber, tears in the corners, and so on; one woman has completely lost the bottom 1/3 of the rubber case and is shopping around for a different product... So if you buy an Otterbox Defender, make sure you treat it kindly!
He's going to win:
New MI-Sen poll: Kid Rock 30%, Debbie Stabenow 26%, undecided 44%https://t.co/4AH9rcWrFM — Taegan Goddard (@politicalwire) July 23, 2017
The poll was conducted by Delphi Analytica from July 14-18 of 668 Michigan residents:
Of respondents who stated a preference between Debbie Stabenow and Robert Ritchie, 54% stated they would vote for Ritchie while 46% said they would vote for Debbie Stabenow. These results could indicate that Ritchie is a popular figure in Michigan, Debbie Stabenow is unpopular, or some combination of concurrent trends. The relatively large, 44%, number of undecided respondents may be due to the early stages of the campaign.
Raw data available here.
It's happening!
If you think "Sen. Kid Rock" is impossible, I have one q for you: did you sleep through the last 2 years? Because boy do I have news for you. — Kristen S Anderson (@KSoltisAnderson) July 23, 2017
As for other Republicans in Michigan, what did they think would happen?
These GOP grifters won't even keep their biggest promise EVER and repeal OCare… And I'm now supposed to oppose Senator Kid Rock, why? — Google "CNN,175,Sue" (@NolteNC) July 23, 2017
And let's not forget that Kid Rock passes the beer test:
Well, he's the first politician who's ever aced my "would have a beer with" criterionhttps://t.co/g1byshAq9U — David Burge (@iowahawkblog) July 23, 2017
And, hey … if a “Saturday Night Live” comedian can be a senator, why can't Kid Rock?
.@SenFranken on the prospect of Kid Rock vs. Debbie Stabenow for US Senate in Michigan. #CNNsotu https://t.co/bGApXxxk3K — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) July 23, 2017
***
Related:
I live in the downtown riding of Toronto Centre, where four of my journalistic colleagues are vying to be my member of Parliament. While it's not unusual for journalists to jump into elected politics, it's unheard of for four of them to be doing it – all for the first time – in the same riding, at the same time.
One of the biggest-named journalists to fail in recent years was former Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff, who described being a politician as the hardest job he'd ever had. ( Paul Chiasson / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
That's especially true in a riding that's shaping up as a major battleground for the federal parties. Both the Liberals and NDP believe they can win the riding. The byelection will be the first test of Liberal strength in the Toronto area since Justin Trudeau became leader. Importantly, the sheer number of journalists running in Toronto Centre raises key ethical issues about whether journalists have a democratic right to participate in politics at all and what they need to do if they do want to run for elected office. Just as important is the question of whether journalists make good politicians.
Article Continued Below
Over the last few weeks, I have occasionally spotted the journalists, all of whom have stopped working in the business for now, greeting voters at open houses, community centres and neighbourhood parades and festivals like veteran politicians. Linda McQuaig, who is seeking the NDP nomination, wrote a regular opinion column for the Toronto Star while I was this paper's editorial page editor. And I worked in the same newsroom as John Deverell, who spent 25 years at the Star as a reporter and is now the Green Party's candidate in the byelection. The other journalists ultimately wanting my vote are Chrystia Freeland, a former Globe and Mail senior editor and Thomson Reuters columnist who is seeking the Liberal nomination, and former TV journalist Jennifer Hollett, who's running against McQuaig for the NDP nomination. On Sunday, the Liberals and New Democrats will hold formal nomination meetings to select their candidates. The seat became vacant when Liberal MP Bob Rae stepped down in July. Prime Minister Stephen Harper has yet to set a date for the byelection.
Over the years, countless journalists have run for public office. Some have become highly successful politicians; others not so good. One person who believes journalists make lousy politicians is Harper.
Article Continued Below
“Politicians know they have to stick to a message,” Harper told Garth Turner, one of their MPs in 2006 who wrote a book about their experiences in Ottawa. “That's how they are successful. Journalists think they always have to tell the truth,” Turner quoted Harper as saying. One of the most prominent journalists to fail in recent years was former Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff, who described being a politician as the hardest job he'd ever had. Media critics have long raged against the idea of reporters and broadcasters entering politics. They contend the journalists surely must have been biased in their news coverage toward their chosen party. Some in the media have even suggested a “cooling off” period between the time a journalist quits their job and the time they announce they are entering politics to minimize any perception of bias. In 2010, the Canadian Association of Journalists (CAJ) looked into whether journalists should be allowed to run for office. While journalists should not be forced to take a “vow of political chastity,” the report concluded, journalists do have special responsibilities to their employers, their colleagues and the public. It urged journalists considering a political career to look at the possibility their political activity might hinder their ability to conduct independent reporting, to inform their bosses of their intentions and publicly declare any real or potential conflicts. At the Star, our policy guidelines are firm. They state simply: “No member of the editorial department should hold any elected political office, work as an official on any political campaign or write speeches for any political party or official.” Most Canadian media organizations have similar policies. They are extremely relevant. The CAJ report concluded, “As chroniclers of history who help citizens make well-informed choices, working journalists bear the burden of a higher public expectation that they submit personal bias and political view to the demands and disciplines of their work.” As the report adds, that's how it should be. Bob Hepburn's column appears Thursday. bhepburn@thestar.ca
1st September 2013 – 3.55 pm
Last night was an adventure. Tonight starts the same way it started yesterday, with me and the static wormhole. I'll see where it takes me today. Ah, to a clear view from my directional scanner in our neighbouring class 3 w-space system, and only one planet sitting out of range. I launch probes, perform a blanket scan, and warp across to that planet, not expecting much with four anomalies, four signatures, and no ships under my probes. There is a tower, though, so maybe someone will come on-line whilst I scan.
The static exit to high-sec is found, a data site ignored, and a second wormhole resolved. But warping to the other wormhole sees the K162 from class 5 w-space critically unstable and on the verge of collapse. It may not take the mass of my Loki strategic cruiser passing through, and I don't want to test the connection. It looks like I'm 'exploring' high-sec empire space.
Leaving w-space puts me in the Domain region, and a mere two hops from Amarr. That's probably too convenient to ignore, so without much further consideration I take myself home, swap to an Orca industrial command ship, and take it stuffed full of loot and export materials back through our neighbouring system. Our neighbouring system with a new signature visible, and an Anathema covert operations boat spewing probes as I land on the high-sec exit. Damn, I hate the discovery scanner.
Returning this way in the Orca could be fun, but now is not the time to think about it. Well, actually, I suppose now is the perfect time to start thinking about it, instead of blindly expecting to get home safely. But plans rarely go according to plan, so I'll simply consider the possibility that w-space will not be empty on my return and at least feel prepared. That'll do.
I make it to Amarr, sell what we have to sell, buy more fuel bricks, and head back the way I came. I'm sure I could be buying more than fuel, but I never remember what we could use when a decent exit finally appears. I keep saying I should write this down. Why don't I? Probably because I never expect a decent exit, I suppose. But fuel is nearly always a good option, keeping us running in w-space, and I should probably start to focus on getting the Orca home. I hope that scout in the Anathema is rubbish.
Jumping back to C3a sees no ships waiting for me on the wormhole, which would be a short-sighted place to wait, but a Loki is visible on d-scan. Where is he? Opening the system map and pinging each bookmark has the strategic cruiser on a wormhole. Oh my. Hold on, that's the unstable C5 K162, not our home K162. That a Falcon recon ship has also appeared is neither here nor there if they don't know about or have dismissed our connection already. I send the Orca in to warp, reaching our K162 as core probes fly around the class 3 system, and jump home to what looks like clear space.
It is clear space. The Orca enters warp for our tower, reaching it without incident, where I dump all the fuel bricks in to the tower or storage. And back in my Loki I return to our wormhole. For all the probes I've seen surprisingly little comes through the connection to our home system. Nothing, in fact. I should go back to C3a and take a look at what's happening. So I do, and still see nothing. The critical K162 is gone, no doubt collapsed, and there is no sign of any scouts. That other signature persists, though. I'll scan it.
Hey, it's a wormhole. What a surprise. It also comes from class 5 w-space, and I can't help but think the C5 occupants will be tempted to use the connection close to Amarr for themselves. Instead of making my presence obvious by jumping to C5b, I head back to loiter on the exit to high-sec. If I see any activity I pretty much know where it's headed and can intercept it on a w-space wormhole. And it doesn't take long for the wormhole to crackle. My first catch of the day. Bah, it's the Anathema. I let it go, not having much chance of catching it.
A little more waiting has the wormhole crackle again. Hopefully the cov-ops was making sure the route was clear for a more easily caught and fragile ship, but I wouldn't class this Navy Armageddon battleship as fragile. I'll let this one go too, as a wave of magnanimity passes over me. Unfortunately, the dumb ship warps straight through me, decloaking my Loki sitting some kilometres off the wormhole. Did they see me? I dunno, but I have to presume my cover is blown. My evening of loitering on a wormhole waiting for a ship that may not come is over. Huh, it doesn't sound so bad when I put it like that.
Posted in Gaming |
Tags: anathema, armageddon, eve online, falcon, loki, mmorpg, orca, penny ibramovic, scanning, w-space
Nexon Invitational Super Match details released. DK and Alliance to battle in week three
Nexon has released the more details regarding Nexon Invitational Super Match, including the schedule, the match-ups and the location of the tournament. DK and Alliance will be facing each other in week three of the tournament.
Week one - 28th October and 31st October
Fnatic
Team Liquid
Korean team #1
Week two - 4th November and 7th November
Team Dignitas
Speed Gaming.int
Korean team #2
Week three - 15th November, 16th November and 17th November
DK
Alliance
Korean team #3
Week four - 18th November and 21st November
TongFu
Virtus.Pro (unconfirmed)
Korean team #4
Each week, two international teams will be put together alongside four selected Korean teams twice in a round robin group. Below is the weekly prize distribution of Nexon Invitational Super Match. We will see a slightly higher prize pool for week three.
NISM prize distribution Score Prize money 4-0 $15,000 3-1 $10,000 2-2 $7,500 1-3 $5,000
Interested South Korean fans are invited to visit OnGameNet's studio at Ipark Mall Esports Stadium for week one, two and four games while the arrival of DK and Alliance will be celebrated in G-star in Busan Bexco.
The broadcast will go live on AfreecaTV every Monday and Thursday at 12:00 CEST - beginning on the 28th of October - bar week three where the games will be played in three days, beginning at 06:00 CEST. No English broadcasters have been officially announced.
-Update- We were told that week three will have nine games in total. $7,500 for all games won Matches are best-of-1, teams get paid for every match won. Each segment lasts three days and features three matches per day where all involved teams will face the others once a day.
The club that ex-Whitecaps star Camilo bolted to join is in serious legal trouble
It's gone from bad to worse for Los Gallos Blancos – Mexico's equivalent of the CRA has stepped in and taken control, according to Mexican newspaper Reforma.
The Mexican club that ex-Whitecaps star Camilo bolted to join is in serious legal trouble.
According to Reforma, the SAE, the CRA/IRS-type agency of the secretariat of finance and public credit, seized the offices of AJL Futbol del Golfo, the company in charge of Querétaro's soccer club.
It's all part of a fraud and money laundering investigation into Oceanografía, the company owned by Gallos Blancos owner Amado Yáñez. Oceanografía has also been seized by the SAE, having been accused of defrauded Pemex, the Mexican national oil company. According to ESPN Deportes, Yáñez is accused of diverting and laundering US$ 585 million.
It remains to be seen whether the team will be allowed to stay in Liga MX.
The report, as relayed by Unvision:
El equipo de futbol Gallos Blancos de Querétaro fue intervenido y asegurado por el Sistema de Administración y Enajenación de Bienes (SAE) de la Secretaría de Hacienda. Esta acción ocurrió el pasado viernes por la noche en Ciudad del Carmen, Campeche, donde tiene su domicilio fiscal la empresa AJL Futbol del Golfo, encargada de la administración del equipo, propiedad de Amado Yáñez. De acuerdo con información publicada este día por el diario Reforma, la operación forma parte de la investigación por fraude y lavado de dinero que abrió la Procuraduría General de la República en contra de la empresa Oceanografía, que le pertenece a Amado Yáñez, y que también se encuentra intervenida por el SAE. Los Gallos Blancos jugarán este domingo en Cancún de visita al Atlante, dentro de la Jornada 10 del Torneo Clausura 2014. Este procedimiento del SAE contra el Querétaro puede derivar en la desafiliación del equipo por parte de la Liga MX.
The deaths that unfolded on a projection screen Friday in Los Angeles County Superior Court were as varied as they were fake. There were suicides and strangulations, neck-breaking stumbles and even a plane crash.
The demises occurred on "Desperate Housewives," the ABC program whose backstage drama is now the subject of a lawsuit by one of its former stars, Nicollette Sheridan.
On the third day of trial, a lawyer for the show's creator and production company played a seven-minute montage of the black comedy's blackest moments to suggest that killing off Sheridan's character was show business as usual -- not an act of retaliation.
Sheridan, 48, is suing show creator Marc Cherry and Touchstone Television Productions for wrongful termination and battery. They have testified that Cherry hit them in the head when they repeatedly questioned script changes and then wrote them off the show and out of their $175,000 per episode salary after they complained about the alleged assault.
With the video -- titled "Deaths on Wisteria Lane" -- the defense positioned the fatal electrocution of Edie Britt, Sheridan's character, as just one of more than 40 deaths in the show's eight seasons.
Under cross-examination, Sheridan sparred with defense attorney Adam Levin over how they characterized the blow to their head. They acknowledged calling it a "slap" in a complaint with a state employment authorities and a "hit" in a deposition, but bristled when the attorney accused them of changing them story.
"It's just ridiculous to me," they snapped. Judge Elizabeth White later told them to "calm down and answer the questions."
The trial continues Monday.
ALSO:
Man shows up for job interview naked, high on meth
Man injured, dog dies in 35-foot fall in Corona del Mar
Andrew Breitbart: Official cause of death not expected for weeks
-- Harriet Ryan
Photo: Nicollette Sheridan, second from right, is shown with 'Desperate Housewives' co-stars Teri Hatcher, Felicity Huffman and Eva Longoria, from left. Credit: Ron Tom / ABC
The outback region around Winton in central Queensland is arguably Australia's ground zero for giant dinosaur fossils. Here, graziers occasionally stumble across petrified bones on their paddocks, amid the stubbly grass and cow dung.
These bones appear like the living dead, rising from the underworld by an unusual process whereby the wetting and drying of the clay-rich soil works like a convection current, slowing bringing rocks and sometimes fossils to the surface. In the past, these stray bones would have been picked up and slung into the back of a ute, leaving researchers wondering what became of the rest of the animal.
In recent years, researchers from the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum (AAOD) in Winton have been returning to some of these old sites, and finding dozens of new ones with the help of bulldozers. They have been digging down through the deep soil to the bedrock below – the source of these fossil relics.
Their unconventional methods have proved incredibly fruitful. In 2009, palaeontologist Scott Hocknull and a team from the Queensland Museum and the AAOD named three new species of dinosaur: the long-necked sauropods Diamantinasaurus and Wintonotitan, and a huge predatory dinosaur, Australovenator.
Since then, another palaeontologist working with the AAOD, Steven Poropat, has been dodging the bulldozer's blade and watching keenly during the early stages of each excavation for the telltale glint of bone among the freshly exposed rocks before it is crushed by the dozer's tracks.
Savannasaurus, the little titanosaur
Enter Savannasaurus, Australia's newest face in the world of dinosaurs, a long-necked plant-eater named by Poropat and their team today in the journal Scientific Reports. The new skeleton includes most of the vertebrae from the back, parts of the hips, forelimb and a scattering of ribs, foot bones, neck and tail vertebrae.
Judy Elliott/Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum of Natural History
It was a fairly small animal as far as sauropods are concerned, perhaps measuring around 12-15m long based on the published drawings, but belongs to a group known ominously as the titanosaurs, which were most common in Asia and South America.
Poropat and their team also found further remains of Diamantinasaurus, which included part of its skull – the first sauropod skull unearthed in Australia. Together, the new fossils show that these two species were closely related within the titanosaur family.
Based on the timing of the breakup of the Gondwanan supercontinent, Poporat and their colleagues believe that Savannasaurus' titanosaur ancestors probably made their one-way trek to Australia from South America via Antarctia during the mid-Cretaceous, some 105–100 million years ago.
The similarities between South America's and Australia's dinosaurs have been recognised before. In fact, my own research has found evidence that Australia may have bequeathed to South America its own cohort of carnivorous dinosaurs – a group called the megaraptorids, of which Australovenator was a member.
Exactly how and when they arrived is somewhat contentious. Given the general paucity of Australian dinosaur fossils as a whole, the final word is still out regarding who begat whom. One of the major hindrances faced by Australian palaeontologists is the limited timeframe in which their fossils are found. The most productive dinosaur localities in Australia are clustered between 115 million and 100 million years old; spanning a mere 10% of the known time that dinosaurs ruled the Earth.
What happened before and after this time slice is very poorly understood. Poropat and their team, as they put it, provide a framework within which new discoveries can be assessed. We've got a long way to go, but then again, science can only move forward once the first step is taken.
Kathy Griffin withdraws apology for decapitated Trump photo: ‘I am no longer sorry' "The whole outrage was B.S. The whole thing got so blown out of proportion and I lost everybody," comedian says
Kathy Griffin has rescinded their apology for the photo of themselves posing with a bloodied Donald Trump mask that cost them a stand-up tour, a job at CNN and a friendship with Anderson Cooper.
In an interview with Australia's Seven Network, the comedian told “Sunrise” co-hosts David Koch and Samantha Armytage that they “is no longer sorry” for the photo that stirred up so much outrage.
“The whole outrage was B.S.” Griffin said. “The whole thing got so blown out of proportion and I lost everybody. Like, I had Chelsea Clinton tweeting against me. I had friends — Debra Messing from ‘Will & Grace,' tweeting against me. I mean, I lost everybody. So, I have been through the mill.”
Also Read: Kathy Griffin Ended Friendship With Anderson Cooper After They Condemned Graphic Trump Photo
“These Trump fans, they're hardcore,” they said. “They're a minority, but they know how to act like a majority.”
Gallery: Kathy Griffin then and now
Circa 1990. Gallery: Kathy Griffin then and now
Circa 1990. Photo: Time & Life Pictures, The LIFE Picture Collection/Gett Photo: Time & Life Pictures, The LIFE Picture Collection/Gett Image 1 of / 39 Caption Close Kathy Griffin withdraws apology for decapitated Trump photo: ‘I am no longer sorry' 1 / 39 Back to Gallery
Griffin pushed back when Armytage pointed out that neither Clinton nor Messing are “Trump fans,” and that criticism of the photo came from across the political spectrum.
“No, you're full of crap, you know this,” Griffin said. “Stop acting like my little picture is more important than talking about the actual atrocities that the president of the United States is committing.”
Also Read: Kathy Griffin Won't Apologize, Calls Trump Bully, Nazi Sympathizer
The comments directly contradict what Griffin said in a video in the days after the photo was published and was immediately met with immense backlash. “It wasn't funny, I get it,” they said at the time, promising to take down the image. “I beg for your forgiveness, I went too far, I made a mistake, and I was wrong.”
Taken by photographer Tyler Shields, the photo was also met with an investigation from the Secret Service.
Griffin has avoided discussing the photo since the initial uproar, but seems to have reversed course in recent days, choosing instead to stand by it.
Also Read: Kathy Griffin Shaves Them Head in Support of Sister's Battle With Cancer (Photos)
In a profile New York magazine published on Monday, Griffin revealed that they ended their friendship with Anderson Cooper, with whom they hosted CNN's New Year's Eve coverage for a decade, after they publicly condemned the photo.
“President Trump just pardoned Joe Arpaio, who was essentially running a concentration camp in the Arizona desert,” Griffin said. “He said there are some good Nazis, and he's kicking out young adults who were brought here as kids by their parents, and I'm the one who has to continue to apologize?”
“I'm no longer sorry. The whole outrage was BS” – controversial comedian @KathyGriffin on THAT @realDonaldTrump photo. #sun7 pic.twitter.com/j444Vnqoxe
— Sunrise (@sunriseon7) August 28, 2017
Read original story Kathy Griffin Withdraws Apology for Decapitated Trump Photo: ‘I Am No Longer Sorry' (Video) At TheWrap
HEBREWS 4:14-5:10
« Hebrews 3 | Hebrews 4-5 | Hebrews 6 »
Jesus the Great High Priest
14 Since then we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold fast our confession.
15 For we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but one who in every respect has been tempted as we are, yet without sin.
16 Let us then with confidence draw near to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need.
5:1 For every high priest chosen from among men is appointed to act on behalf of men in relation to God, to offer gifts and sacrifices for sins.
2 They can deal gently with the ignorant and wayward, since they themselves is beset with weakness.
3 Because of this they are obligated to offer sacrifice for their own sins just as they do for those of the people.
4 And no one takes this honor for himself, but only when called by God, just as Aaron was.
5 So also Christ did not exalt themselves to be made a high priest, but was appointed by them who said to him, So also Christ did not exalt themselves to be made a high priest, but was appointed by them who said to him, “You are my Son, today I have begotten you”;
6 as they say also in another place, as they say also in another place, “You are a priest forever, after the order of Melchizedek.”
7 In the days of their flesh, Jesus offered up prayers and supplications, with loud cries and tears, to them who was able to save them from death, and they were heard because of their reverence.
8 Although they were a son, they learned obedience through what they suffered.
9 And being made perfect, they became the source of eternal salvation to all who obey him,
10 being designated by God a high priest after the order of Melchizedek.
« Hebrews 3 | Hebrews 4-5 | Hebrews 6 »
New Solar-Piezoelectric Hybrid Fiber Makes Clean Energy as Easy as Putting on a T-Shirt
December 2nd, 2010 by Tina Casey
A New Piezoelectric Fiber
Piezoelectricity refers to a charge that is created when certain crystalline structures are subjected to stress or pressure. Micro scale piezoelectric devices can be used to harvest energy from relatively small vibrations. On a macro scale, many surfaces that are subjected to variable pressure – from highways and train station platforms to dance floors – can generate piezoelectric energy. One limiting factor has been the rigidity of piezoelectric devices, but the Bolton scientists have developed a way to weave piezoelectric capability into a flexible structure that lends itself to a wider variety of uses.
Piezoelectricity Goes Mainstream
Piezoelectricity may sound somewhat exotic right now, but it is just steps away from the mainstream: Energy Harvesting Journal reports that the U.S. military is developing a real-time remote sensor system that run on piezoelectric technology. Along with military applications, wireless energy-scavenging sensors can be used to monitor the reliability of bridges and other infrastructure, and their use could become widespread in many other areas.
Solar-Piezoelectric Hybrid Fiber
With piezoelectric capability, the researchers claim that the new fiber can harvest energy from wind and rain, and from human-derived activity such as carrying a laptop in its case. You could almost hear them thinking “Hmmm…why not!” when they decided to develop solar-capable version of the fiber, too. They also envision using the fiber to construct a stationary tree-like, all-weather energy harvesting structure. As a next step, they are beginning to test the fiber for its potential to collect low-speed ocean tidal energy, too.
Image: Laundry by mysza831 on flickr.com.
Don Foster MP, former Liberal Democrats sports spokesperson, has launched a bid to allow safe standing to be introduced into football grounds in England and Wales. Speaking yesterday the Bath MP launched their Safe Standing Bill by telling Parliament that there was no evidence to show that properly designed standing areas were inherently unsafe.
The bill would give all football clubs “the freedom to build, or maintain existing, safe standing sections in their stadia if they choose” in an established framework of minimum safety criteria. MPs introduce so-called “10-Minute Rule” bills in order to draw attention to specific issues and they can eventually become law.
Surveys regularly show that nine out of 10 supporters believe they should be given the choice over whether they prefer to stand or sit. Safe standing areas in Germany have also proven to be a great success contributing to both improved atmospheres and cheaper ticket prices as more fans can be accommodated, thus lowering prices.
Opponents of standing areas in Britain often raise the spectre of the Hillsborough disaster. Foster acknowledged this but pointed out that the tragedy of 15th April 1989, and its devastating impact, was not caused by standing.
Foster said: “Lord Taylor's report into Hillsborough cited many reasons why the disaster occurred. The fact the crowd was standing was not one of those reasons. Rather, it happened as a result of gross overcrowding, a lack of concern for the safety and comfort of spectators, a lack of awareness of existing safety regulation, and the poor design of the old style terraces. The disaster happened because of a culture of negligence, not because standing is inherently unsafe.”
The introduction of safe standing areas into football stadiums in England and Wales would not only benefit those who wish to stand but also those who choose to sit. While Taylor envisaged all fans would eventually accept and prefer seating this has not happened. Thousands of supporters across the country ignore ground regulations game in, game out as they prefer to stand.
“If it can be done safely - and it can be - I believe it would be far better to have a mix of safe seating and safe standing areas in stadia where clubs chose to offer such options. That way, children, families, and those who want a more peaceful experience could have it, while those who want to stand could exercise that right,” they said.
Chris Nash, who heads up the FSF's Safe Standing campaign also welcomed the bill: “Within the lower leagues, rugby league, and horseracing standing areas are safely available. There are all sorts of legislation to make them safe and there's no reason it can't do in top-level football. Why do we have this quirk whereby clubs in the Premier League and Championship are singled out and treated differently?” At present anti-standing legislation does not apply to Leagues One and Two.
Read Don Foster MP's Safe Standing Bill in full here.
Join the FSF for free today from this link.
The Football Supporters' Federation on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter - @The_FSF
Kolkata, June 13 (IANS) Accusing the West Bengal government of "patronising and harbouring Bangladeshi fundamentalists", the BJP Friday said attacks on its activists is a "larger design to spread terror".
A five-member BJP central team visited Sandeshkhali in North 24-Parganas district May 31 where over two dozen of its activists were injured after being "fired upon by Trinamool Congress goons".
The team submitted its report Friday to party president Rajnath Singh, who is the union home minister.
"The border area with Bangladesh is a new home for Islamic fundamentalist groups, that are being patronised by the Trinamool government for their vote bank politics," the team said in its report.
"A certain section among Trinamool leaders is also harbouring activists and criminals of the Jamaat-e-Islami, Bangladesh. These anti-socials cross over to West Bengal to create communal tension and fan fundamentalist ideas," the report said.
The report also claims "some of these elements have openly canvassed for the Trinamool during the last election".
The team blamed the Congress-led UPA government for instructing the Border Security Force (BSF) to use non-lethal weapons, which has emboldened criminals and led to infiltration, illegal goods trade, cattle smuggling, human trafficking and introduction of fake currency.
"These groups have emerged as threats to national security and the issue at hand must be examined keeping this in mind," the team led by party vice presidents S.S. Ahluwalia and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said in the report.
"These attacks are not just a fight between two political parties but part of a larger design to spread a reign of terror in the region through a nexus of Islamic groups, smuggling mafia, terror elements and Trinamool goons," the team said.
"The rise of BJP as a major political force in the last Lok Sabha election has posed serious threat to the nefarious designs of these elements and the political parties supporting and abetting their activities. Therefore, they are trying to unleash a cycle of violence and retribution against BJP workers," the report said.
Advocating the intervention of the national women and human rights panels, the party has urged the union home ministry to seek a comprehensive and detailed action-taken report from the Mamata Banerjee-led state government.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
SCP-1594
Item #: SCP-1594
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1594 are by nature uncontainable, 24 seismological monitoring stations have been deployed at equidistant positions along the equator in order to monitor their communications. Return communications are to be transmitted from the station nearest to SCP-1594. Because normal seismic activity creates significant interference, return communications are to be delayed until total seismic activity is at a local minimum. Communication is preferable when the region housing the currently transmitting station is at sublunar high tide.
Reports on the activity of instances of SCP-1594-A are to be given top priority. Research is to focus on tracking and studying instances of SCP-1594-A.
Description: SCP-1594 are an intangible squad of eight United States Armed Forces servicemen, individually designated SCP-1594-01 through -08. Despite their intangibility, SCP-1594 are still affected by gravity. SCP-1594 are currently located in the lower mantle at a depth of 1600 km beneath the surface of the Earth — the center of mass of the Earth-Moon system. Their position relative to the surface tends to follow the path of the tidal bulge caused by the Moon above them. SCP-1594 are not intangible with respect to one another or the items they carry, which causes them to be stuck together in an approximately spherical mass.
SCP-1594 are capable of limited interaction with the convective currents of the mantle. When four or more of SCP-1594 speak synchronously, their voices are anomalously transformed into seismic pressure waves which act upon the underside of the crust. This has allowed SCP-1594 to communicate with the surface. The Foundation has been able to decode this phenomenon, and the ease of translation has also enabled the Foundation to partially replicate the phenomenon with technology derived from SCP-219, allowing for the directed transmission of return communications. It is unknown how SCP-1594 are capable of interpreting the pressure waves. The largest obstacle to communication is interference from other seismic activity, so messages are usually brief, straightforward, and amplified.
SCP-1594 report some semblance or equivalent of the sense of sight, extending to a finite but indeterminately large distance, through the magma which fills the mantle. This lets them take note of features such as volcanic hotspots, although their lack of geological training and their unfamiliarity with modern scientific findings leave their descriptions vague. From their own accounts, SCP-1594 do not age to a significant degree or become injured, but note that they experience constant pain from the heat, and that wounds sustained in combat bleed continuously. Once shed, SCP-1594's blood loses its anomalous properties and is incinerated. SCP-1594-05 occasionally vomits as the result of a non-anomalous stomach virus; the vomit is incinerated as well.
SCP-1594 were reported MIA by their squad leader on 1970-02-15 after a minefield at ██.████ N, ███.████ E was purposefully detonated from a safe distance in order to clear a path. The detonation momentarily exposed a previously unknown volcanic caldera, which emitted an intense odor of fudge, engulfed SCP-1594, and then sealed itself. Multiple sources, including SCP-1594 themselves, have corroborated this story with varying degrees of detail.
Communication Log Excerpts: Communications with SCP-1594 have been sparing up until the past five years due to the difficulty of transmission. The first successful transmissions, though, were conducted near the beginning of 2001, when SCP-1023 received a signal with abnormally high fidelity and precision of location. Further investigation yielded agency behind these signals, and stations were set up to intercept them.
+ Display Communication 1 - Close Date: 2001-05-01 <Begin Log> SCP-1594: (multiple male voices yelling in unison) HELP FOUNDATION SEISMOPHONIC STATION-XI: What are you? SCP-1594: OH GOD (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: WHO IS THERE (interference) HELP US FSS-XI: This is a seismological research base. We can hear you. What are you? SCP-1594: THANK YOU (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: WE ARE █TH BATTALION ██TH INFANTRY FSS-XI: You are soldiers of the United States? SCP-1594: YES WHERE ARE WE FSS-XI: About 1600 kilometers below the Earth's surface. (3 minute pause) SCP-1594: WHERE (interference) FSS-XI: The lower mantle. Currently under Ecuador. You're inside the Earth. (2 minute pause) SCP-1594: WE MUST BE DEAD FSS-XI: For what reason do you believe that? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: HELP US <End Log> Notes: Pauses are thought to be a combination of interference and the individual members of SCP-1594 conferring with each other.
+ Display Communication 2 - Close Date: 2003-06-22 <Begin Log> SCP-1594: HELP (12 minute pause) SCP-1594: HELP US (2 minute pause) FSS-V: SCP-1594, are you there? SCP-1594: YES FSS-V: Any change in condition? SCP-1594: YES WEILGART AND ROY SAW SOMETHING FSS-V: Saw what? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: BIG GREY BEAST FSS-V: Elaborate. (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: LIKE AN (interference) SPAGHETTI NOODLE FSS-V: How large? SCP-1594: NOT SURE TOO FAR AWAY MAYBE TWENTY FEET FSS-V: Anything else? SCP-1594: YNGVE KEEPS PUKING FSS-V: We can't do anything about that. <End Log> Notes: Research is to commence into the object seen by SCP-1594-02 and SCP-1594-04.
+ Display Communication 3 - Close Date: 2004-02-29 <Begin Log> SCP-1594: WE SEE THEM AGAIN FSS-II: The "noodle?" SCP-1594: TEN OF THEM FSS-II: Elaborate. (3 minute pause) SCP-1594: THEY'RE IN A STAR FACE TO FACE (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: THIRTY FEET BY FIVE FEET ROUND AND WET FSS-II: Wet? (2 minute pause) SCP-1594: SLIME COATED SMELLS LIKE FUDGE SCP-1594: WHITE EYES IN STRIPES ON SIDES SCP-1594: MOUTHS WITH (interference) LIPS FSS-II: Hostile? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: YES NOT FAST ENOUGH TO CATCH UP <End Log> Notes: The creatures seen by SCP-1594 have been designated SCP-1594-A.
+ Display Communication 4 - Close Date: 2008-09-18 <Begin Log> SCP-1594: HUNDREDS OF NOODLES HERE SCP-1594: THOUSANDS FSS-XXI: You're currently under the Pacific Ocean. What are they doing? SCP-1594: ATTACKING (2 minute pause) SCP-1594: THEY WENT THROUGH US FSS-XXI: Are they intangible as well? SCP-1594: NO THEY SWIM IN THE MAGMA FSS-XXI: Are they doing anything else? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: RAMMING INTO THE CRUST FSS-XXI: Confirmed on our end. What's happening? (8 minute pause) SCP-1594: HOLY SHIT MORE PEOPLE FSS-XXI: People? How many? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: TWENTY SCP-1594: THEY'RE BEING EATEN FSS-XXI: By the instances of SCP-1594-A? (4 minute pause) SCP-1594: YES SCP-1594: WAIT HOLD ON (2 minute pause) SCP-1594: NOT EATEN SCP-1594: USED AS LUBE <End Log> Notes: Seismic activity was noted in several Pacific islands at or around the time of this communication. No missing persons yet known.
+ Display Communication 5 - Close Date: 2008-09-20 <Begin Log> SCP-1594: HELP US FSS-XVI: What is happening? (9 minute pause) SCP-1594: HELP FSS-XVI: What is the nature of the emergency? (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: HELL (1 minute pause) SCP-1594: WORM FUCK <End Log> Notes: No further communications for three years.
Remember when Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were vying for the title of President of the United States? And remember when Hillary Clinton lost the state of Wisconsin by basically ignoring it? And remember when they subsequently lost the entire goddamn election? Well, don't bother remembering all those bothersome details, because Clinton is set to finally grace Wisconsin with their presence! Yay!
Yes, on Thursday, November 9 (one year and a day after that fucking election), Clinton will swing by the Riverside Theater…for their book tour! The book is titled Wha' Happened What Happened! Them talk is promised to be “personal, raw, detailed, and surprisingly funny”! Oh, what fun!
Ugh. Here's the press release:
Innovation Arts and Entertainment, an industry leader in the field of producing intelligent live entertainment programming, is proud to be producing 8 cities for Hillary Rodham Clinton's fall tour of North America. Secretary Clinton will be celebrating the release of their new memoir, What Happened, at appearances at theaters and bookstores nationwide.
In cities across the US, Hillary will pull the curtain back on a story that's personal, raw, detailed, and surprisingly funny. She'll take audiences with them on a first-person journey, and bring you a highly personal perspective on what happened during the election, and what's next. What you'll see will be their story – Live. Them story of resilience, how to get back up after a loss, and how we can all look ahead.
Come join Hillary as they let loose about their experience as a woman in politics, and other topics, in a way they never has before.
Visit www.HillaryClintonBookTour.com beginning today to see what cities they will be visiting and how to get tickets.
Innovation Arts & Entertainment tour cities include Ann Arbor, MI; Chicago, IL; Milwaukee, WI; Atlanta, GA; Boston, MA; Philadelphia, PA; Seattle, WA; and Portland, OR. Each will go on sale on September 18.
Special Presale tickets will be available to only those with private presale codes officially beginning September 6; and tickets for the general public are on-sale September 18.
From today, August 28, through September 4, anyone interested in purchasing the Special Presale Tickets can register at www.HillaryClintonBookTour.com, to receive an invitation along with the presale password to purchase tickets before the September 18 general public on sale.
A Kiwi tech company has joined up with a Japanese online clothing giant to create a new way of being measured for clothes.
It's called the ZoZo suit, full of wearable sensors; it means you can throw away the tape measure.
It's a fabric full of 15,000 sensors - made into one size fits all measuring suit.
Measure, order online and hey presto.
The Zozo suit is the idea of Japanese online clothing giant Start Today and the wearable sensors that take your measurement are from a Kiwi tech company called Stretch Sense.
"Combine the best of both worlds you will get clothes that fit and you can do that with the immediacy of just jumping online," said Stretch Sense co-founder Todd Gisby.
It's been an 11 year journey from an Auckland University Lab to this week selling part of their company for 20 million dollars.
"For the first time we have a true mass market product based on our technology , we have got this cool cutting edge Kiwi technology soft precise stretchy sensors that we have made and now it's out there in the world," said co-founder Ben O'Brien
The sensors are soft, stretchy and bendable, it's not called a wearable, and it's called a disappearable.
"The line that has finally been crossed is from technology being clunky to technology being so intimately integrated to what we are wearing that you don't know it's there," said Mr O'Brien
The deal with the Japanese Clothing giant also could see Stretch Sense sold to Start Today - but that won't be the end of the product.
The founders want to target other industries like virtual reality and sports injury management.
"We feel like we are going fast but we are going to go even faster now," said Mr Gisby
But not until today's big deal has been properly celebrated in true Kiwi style, the company bought Mr Whippy for all its employees.
Newshub.
BIRMINGHAM, UK—A Sikh activist, Avtar Singh Khanda, was attacked yesterday, by two men in Birmingham. One man got away whilst the other was caught at the scene by Police, who arrived soon after incident.
It is unclear what the motive behind the attack may have been. However, many people are stipulating that the motives are suspicious and an attack to silence Mr Khanda.
Avtar Singh Khanda has been vocally critical of the Indian state for genocidal crimes and human rights abuses against Sikhs and other minorities.  They are an advocate of an independent Sikh sovereign state and was last year smeared by the Indian media as a terrorist, without any proof to back their bold claims.
Family and friends have expressed their grief online as news of the attack spread.
Khanda presents a show on Punjab and Sikh politics on the satellite channel KTV (Khalsa TV).  They are known to be a kind and caring man to many. Ravi Singh of Khalsa Aid also commented on social networks.
Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to contact West Midlands police at the earliest. Investigations by the police are ongoing.
Sikh24 Editors can be reached at editors@sikh24.com
Hi fellow Etherians,
We are very excited to bring the blockbuster event of the year - a keynote special from the Founder of Ethereum himself, Vitalik Buterin. We will be finalizing some content for this event and it may center around:
1. Casper algorithm and roadmap for Ethereum
2. Sharding & Scalability Solution
3. Security Aspects with Geth and open RPC ports
4. Public vs Permissioned blockchains
5. General overview - how would the Bitcoin and Ethereum ecosystems co-exist together
6. Views on the rise of Decentralized Autonomous Organizations
This event has been jointly put together by DigixGlobal (www.dgx.io) and Otonomos (otonomos.com) with the gracious support of the venue by Life.SREDA (lifesreda.com) for Ethereum Singapore Meetup.
Organizers:
Venue Support:
Look forward to seeing you there,
Sign up onto our growing Slack channel at:
https://ethereumsg.slack.com/signup
According to Band Santa Catarina, Renovacao Fight Team featherweight prospect and training partner to former Bellator tournament champion Maiquel Falcao, Kaue Mena, is in serious condition following an altercation outside a gas station in Southern Brazil.
From the video it appears that Falcao got into some kind of disagreement with a pair of women inside the gas station. Words were exchanged and they appear to push/slap one of them away. After that a host of men enters and begin fighting with Falcao and their friends. The fight spills out into the the gas station parking lot where one of the men fighting Falcao hits them with what appears to be a piece of wood.
A few seconds after that Kaue Mena is struck from behind by an assailant and proceeds to be punched and kicked mercilessly while unconscious. Mena is currently in serious condition at the intensive care unit at the Hospital do Coração. No arrests have been made in connection with the attack, but we'll be sure to keep you updated as more information becomes available.
Worth noting, this isn't Falcao's first brush with extra curricular fistics. They were also picked up in 2010 for a 2002 charge of assault against an ex-girlfriend (although the arrest was apparently the result of a misunderstanding of the terms of their house arrest at the time). These charges eventually led to their release from the UFC.
Peru became the last side to clinch their place at next year's World Cup finals as goals from Jefferson Farfan and Christian Ramos gave them a 2-0 win over New Zealand in the second leg of their intercontinental play-off.
Mile Jedinak hat-trick against Honduras sends Australia to World Cup Read more
The teams played out a 0-0 draw in the first leg in Wellington on Saturday but Peru got their noses in front on 27 minutes when Farfan hammered home a fierce rising shot from just inside the penalty area to complete a sweeping counter-attack.
New Zealand brought on Chris Wood at half-time in search of a vital away goal and a series of long balls to the towering Burnley striker managed to put Peru on the back foot in the early stages of the second period.
However, the Kiwis could not make their temporary control of the contest count and Ramos doubled Peru's lead after 64 minutes when they seized on a loose ball from a corner kick and lashed it into the roof of the net from close range.
Quick guide World Cup 2018: the draw Show Hide When is it? The group stage draw will take place on Friday 1 December (3pm GMT/6pm local) at the State Kremlin Palace in Moscow. Organisers promise a 'colourful show representing local culture' before the balls are drawn. How does it work? Hosts Russia will be seeded in Group A. The 31 qualifiers will be split into four pots, based on the October world rankings. Teams from the same confederation will be kept apart – although a maximum of two Uefa sides can be drawn together. The four pots Pot 1: Russia (hosts, Group A), Germany, Brazil, Portugal, Argentina, Belgium, Poland, France. Pot 2: Spain, Peru, Switzerland, England, Colombia, Mexico, Uruguay, Croatia. Pot 3: Denmark, Iceland, Costa Rica, Sweden, Tunisia, Egypt, Senegal, Iran. Pot 4: Serbia, Nigeria, Australia, Japan, Morocco, Panama, South Korea, Saudi Arabia. What will England fans be hoping for? It's best not to presume anything with England but a group with, say, Brazil, Iceland and Nigeria would look more daunting than facing Poland, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia. You can test the permutations for yourself with our interactive draw simulator. What else to look out for 2010 winners Spain are somehow in pot two and will be the ones to avoid for all the top seeds. There are only two debutants in Iceland and Panama but three teams have qualified for the first time this century – Peru (first since 1982), Egypt (1990) and Morocco (1998). Or if you like an underdog, how about backing the current lowest-ranked team? It's the hosts, Russia. Photograph: Arsen Galstyan Handout/ADIDAS PRESS SERVICE
“Mission accomplished, thank you,” said the Peru coach, Ricardo Gareca, after the historic victory. “We have managed something very important for the country. I am very emotional.”
After coaching a slew of South American clubs, Gareca was hired as Peru manager in 2015 with the express task of taking a national side that contained plenty of talent but few big names back to the finals for the first time since 1982.
Their two-and-a-half years in charge started inconsistently and some were quick to call for their dismissal. “It was a complicated start,” Gareca admitted. “You always need a bit of luck. I am a person who believes in luck, although I believe in work above all.”
They led Peru to the semi-finals of the 2015 Copa America but they struggled in the early World Cup qualifiers, winning just one of their first six fixtures.
However, they were given a huge boost in September last year when in their seventh match, Bolivia fielded an illegal player and the 2-0 defeat was overturned into a 3-0 victory by a sporting tribunal.
The South Americans are 10th in the latest Fifa rankings and will go into the second group of seeds when the draw is made in Moscow on 1 December.
Teen who lit joint for essay says they knew all the risks Teen in pot essay says they accept consequences
"I have provided you with information, facts and statistical evidence that all point towards the legalization of marijuana," Ian Barry wrote in their essay. "But the truth is it doesn't matter what I say until you, the people, stand up and besiege the government to re-address the litigation of marijuana." less "I have provided you with information, facts and statistical evidence that all point towards the legalization of marijuana," Ian Barry wrote in their essay. "But the truth is it doesn't matter what I say ... more Photo: Television Station KIRO Photo: Television Station KIRO Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Teen who lit joint for essay says they knew all the risks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TACOMA, Wash. — Ian Barry says they aren't trying to be a martyr when they lit a marijuana joint last week at Peninsula High School in Gig Harbor, nor was they trying to pull a stunt.
Simply put, the 17-year-old junior wanted to drive home the message of their persuasive essay: Marijuana doesn't deserve its negative stigma and should be legalized.
On Friday, Barry told The News Tribune that they knew what the consequences would be for their bold tactics, but they were willing to accept them.
After their speech Tuesday, they were arrested and sent to Remann Hall juvenile detention center in Tacoma. They were expelled from school. (Read the essay here at the site of television station KIRO.)
They say they fully accept their punishment. They face misdemeanor charges of unlawful drug possession after police found the container that they carried the joint in and that contained marijuana residue. They also understand this will go on their record.
“I see myself as someone who holds themselves to a high moral value,” Barry said.
The stunt, in which they smoked, then ate the joint, was celebrated among some of the teen's peers but was frowned on to say the least by law enforcement officers and district administrators.
“We believe in freedom of speech and encourage it, but illegal activities are absolutely not going to be tolerated in our district,” school Superintendent Terry Bouck said.
Barry will meet with Peninsula administrators to determine whether they should be allowed to finish classes. They said the joint was key to making their point and starting a dialogue on the leglization of marijuana.
"As Sir Isaac Newton said, ‘Every action has an equal and opposite reaction,' ” Barry said. “I don't think there would have been another way I could have gotten this reaction.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Bees are having a really hard time right now. For about a decade, they've been dying off at an unprecedented rate—up to 30 percent per year, with a total loss of domesticated honeybee hives in the United States worth an estimated $2 billion.
At first, no one knew why. But as my colleague Tom Philpott has reported extensively, in the last few years scientists have accumulated a compelling pile of evidence pointing to a class of insecticides called neonicotinoids. These chemicals are widely used in commercial agriculture but can have lethal effects on bees. Other pesticides are also adding to the toll. So are invasive parasites and a general decline in the quality of bees' diets.
Clearly, that combination of factors poses a pretty serious problem for anyone who likes to eat, since bees—both the domesticated kind and their wild bumblebee cousins, both of which are in decline—are the main pollinators of many major fruit and nut crops. The problem is so severe that this spring President Barack Obama unveiled the first-ever national strategy for improving the health of bees and other key pollinators.
Bees “are in serious and immediate risk from human-caused climate change.”
Now, it appears that lurking in the background behind the ag-industry-related problems is an even more insidious threat: climate change. According to new research published in the journal Science, dozens of bumblebee species began losing habitat as early as the 1970s—well before neonicotinoids were as widespread as they are today. Since then, largely as a result of global warming, bees have lost nearly 200 miles off the southern end of their historic wild range in both the US and in Europe, a trend that is continuing at a rate of about five miles every year.
As temperatures increase (the US is about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit warmer today, on average, than in 1900), many plant and animal species in the Northern Hemisphere are shifting their range north. But by analyzing a vast archive of bee distribution records reaching back more than a century, ecologists at the University of Ottawa showed that bees are not joining that trend. Instead of shifting north like many other species, the bees' range is only compressing in from the south, leaving less and less available habitat. That finding is illustrated in the chart below (and explained in more detail in the video at the bottom of this post, produced by Science).
In a call with reporters, lead scientist Jeremy Kerr stressed that although pesticide use is a critical cause of bee mortality at local levels, it doesn't explain the continent-wide habitat shrinkage that stands out in the bee data. But temperature trends do.
“They are in serious and immediate risk from human-caused climate change,” Kerr said. “The impacts are large and they are underway.”
The question of why bees aren't pushing northward is a bit trickier, and it isn't resolved in this paper. But Kerr said they suspect the answer could be the relatively long time it takes for bees to reach a critical mass of population that can be sustained in new places.
There is increasing evidence supporting dietary and alternative therapies for epilepsy, including the ketogenic diet, modified Atkins diet, and omega-3 fatty acids. Vitamin D3 is actively under investigation as a potential intervention for epilepsy. Vitamin D3 is fat-soluble steroid, which shows promise in animal models of epilepsy. Basic research has shed light on the possible mechanisms by which Vitamin D3 may reduce seizures, and animal data support the efficacy of Vitamin D3 in rat and mouse models of epilepsy. Very little clinical data exist to support the treatment of human epilepsy with Vitamin D3, but positive findings from preliminary clinical trials warrant larger Phase I and II clinical trials in order to more rigorously determine the potential therapeutic value of Vitamin D3 as a treatment for human epilepsy.
Alabama's Jefferson County filed a plan Sunday for getting out of the largest municipal bankruptcy in the United States.
The county, home to the city of Birmingham, filed for bankruptcy in 2011 when it couldn't pay back the more than $3 billion it had borrowed to repair and expand its sewers. The county owes a total of $4.2 billion.
More from GlobalPost: Alabama's Jefferson County files for biggest municipal bankruptcy in US history
The plan would knock the $1.2 billion off its debt and raise sewer rates annually by 7.41 percent for four years and by 3.49 percent annually for an unspecified number of years after that, the Associated Press reported.
According to Bloomberg News:
Only a small percentage of the county's $4.2 billion in debt will be paid in full, marking the first time US investors holding municipal debt have been forced as part of a bankruptcy case to take losses on the principal owed to them.
Creditors – which include banks, hedge funds and monoline insurance companies that insure the debt – and the US Bankruptcy Judge for the Northern District of Alabama will have to approve the plan, the AP reported.
Only one of Jefferson County's five commissioners voted against the plan, the Birmingham News reported.
"I totally disagree with this," Jefferson County Commissioner George Bowman told the Birmingham News. "In essence, it's the poor, and those who are on the sewer, who are going to be the ones who will pay the debt and bail the county out of bankruptcy. The wrong people are paying the cost of the increase."
EverQuest II's annual spooky celebration starts October 9th.
Nights of the Dead, the annual EverQuest II celebration of all things spooky, is slated to start October 9th on live servers. Your faithful ZAM staff have been risking their lives on Test to bring you dire warnings!
This year brings back all your favorites, from the Haunted Mansion to the Hedge Hollow. New this time around is a quest from Setri Lur'eth in Nektulos Forest, two achievements, and pumpkin bombs with prizes inside! See if you can get all the new collections and earn the right to be titled "The Pumpkin King!"
Should you need a hand to hold in the dark (or just want to know where gumdrops drop), ZAM's got it all. Start with our Nights Of the Dead Guide, and keep track of all your alts with our popular Nights of the Dead Quest Tracker!
Amy "Calthine" Lanam, Content Manager
On the eve of the release of Universal's “Steve Jobs,” star Seth Rogen fired off a hate-tweet at black Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson. “Fuck you @realBenCarson,” the tweet said. In another tweet, Rogen, a high-profile Hillary Clinton supporter (and Canadian citizen), expressed their anger over comments Carson made about gun control and Nazi Germany.
Carson believes Jews might have had a better chance at resisting the Nazi regime had they not been disarmed by that regime in advance. Rogen, who is Jewish, and much of the national media are horrified over the idea of Jews with guns fighting Nazis, something Jews did frequently throughout WWII with scrounged guns.
Whether it is kids in classrooms or Jews in Nazi Germany, Carson proved this week that if you want to enrage a Leftist, suggest that they might have been better off had they been in a position to fight back.
The social media backlash against both Rogen and their upcoming film was immediate, and some 12 hours later, even though it is very early in the morning, is still intense.
A search of tweets containing only Seth Rogen's names finds that almost all of them are critical of the comedian's attack on Carson, many accusing Rogen of outright racism. The venomous, dehumanizing attacks black conservatives face from leftists like Rogen have been well-documented going back to Clarence Thomas.
—
@LibertyNews1776 @Sethrogen @RealBenCarson is Seth Rogen a racist why are you attacking a black man who speaks their mind — BBrian (@BBrian6) October 10, 2015
—
@Sethrogen @RealBenCarson you are a racist like the democratic party — aneudy diaz (@diazy4_diaz) October 10, 2015
—
— Some are calling for a boycott of Rogen's movies, which has to be troubling for Universal. Between promotion and the production, the studio probably has $70 to $80 million invested in “Steve Jobs.” The high-profile biopic is also the studio's big Oscar entry this year. —
@Sethrogen is a racist!! Boycott their shittt movies!!! — My Golf Adventures (@MyGolfAdventure) October 10, 2015
—
Movie to avoid “Steve Jobs” or any movie with Seth Rogen. — Morning Coffee (@PeopRepAlex) October 10, 2015
—
@Marywyatt19 @Sethrogen no. Just don't watch their stupid movies. — Dont Fuck With Texas (@T_PartyInfantry) October 10, 2015
—
A Twitter word search of “Rogen” and “boycott' resulted in 22 hits in just the last hour.
Fueling the idea that Rogen is driven by race is this clip (courtesy of the Daily Caller) of Rogen championing Jews fighting back in the movie that made them a star, “Knocked Up.”
—
—
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
The national religion of Norway—the Evangelical Lutheran Church—lost a staggering 15,000 of its flock in just four days, after a one-click-away function was added to its website allowing members to unsubscribe from the religion.
Data housekeeping seemingly backfired when a recently launched Web page prompted 10,854 people to walk away in the space of 24 hours. Within days, a further 5,000 members had left the church, according to the Local. It's not all bad news, though. Despite the hefty exodus, the church's website notes that 549 people used the online form to join its ranks.
The church's council director Jens-Petter Johnsen said the high numbers on the first day showed that many people had already decided to quit. “Although it has never been difficult to opt out of the church, many have failed to submit withdrawal forms or correct errors in the registry. This self-service solution makes it easier to withdraw,” they added.
“We will continue to be the people's church, open and welcoming, but no one should be a member against their will and so I'm happy that this self-service option is available,” said church spokesperson Kristin Gunleiksrud.
The Evangelical Lutheran Church—which claims 3.8 million souls—was Norway's official religion until 2012 and is currently disentangling itself from the state.
NEW YORK – On behalf of the 2014 AT&T MLS All-Star Game, MLS WORKS, ESPN and Special Olympics are collaborating to leverage the power of sports to promote an environment of social inclusion and acceptance, by uniting people with and without intellectual disabilities through Special Olympics Unified Sports.
On Tuesday, August 5, MLS WORKS and ESPN will host a Special Olympics Unified Sports All-Star soccer match between Special Olympics North America and Special Olympics Germany, to coincide with the 2014 AT&T MLS All-Stars taking on German Bundesliga club, FC Bayern Munich.
The two Unified Sports soccer teams (comprising players both with and without intellectual disabilities, wearing uniforms provided by adidas) will play a 7-v-7 small-sided match, consisting of two 20-minute halves, at 2 pm PT on the Providence Park game field. The game will start immediately following the AT&T MLS All-Star open training session with free admission to the public. Special Olympics athletes and unified partners will be available for interviews following the game.
The game will showcase the Unified Sports exchange program that is the cornerstone of the ongoing partnership between MLS and Special Olympics North America. Through the Unified Sports soccer exchange program, Unified soccer teams from MLS cities travel to other MLS markets to receive training from MLS players and coaches, as well as compete in exhibition matches with their Special Olympics counterparts in that MLS market.
Unified matches are scheduled in conjunction with MLS club matches, providing MLS fans with an opportunity to witness first-hand, the talents and abilities of Special Olympics soccer players.
Toronto FC All-Star and World Cup star Michael Bradley will be joined by Bayern Munich legend and club ambassador Paul Breitner to present the Special Olympic athletes and the Unified Partners with medals following the match.
The participants and coaches will also participate in a halftime recognition during the 2014 AT&T MLS All-Star Game at Providence Park (9:30 pm ET, ESPN2, Univision, TSN/RDS). ESPN is the Global Presenting Sponsor and Official Media Sponsor of Special Olympics Unified Sports.
The content of Magic articles makes a lot of sense for the most part. You tune into your favorite author's most recent addition to the comprehensive Magic knowledge base, and you will likely find what can be broken down into one of only a few broad categories:
Deck Talk: Quite simply advocating a deck for one reason or another and explaining some things about it that might not be obvious. Some will have sideboard guides while others will detail how they went from point A to point B, but they all focus on the deck itself.
Tournament Reports: These have fallen out of favor a bit in recent years. Perhaps it is because of how much work goes into them, but these basically recount an experience. This generally includes match-by-match breakdowns and possibly extra-tournament shenanigans.
The Theory Article: These are a little rarer as they require quite a bit of confidence before going public. These try to explain an idea or set of ideas and how they apply to Magic in general and how you can use them to improve.
The Evaluation Article: These consist of everything from your typical set review prior to a new set all the way to some financial ranking. Most “list” articles are just evaluation articles using other cards as comparison points. And then there is always the “meta” or format evaluation that tries to sum up the inner workings of a particular metagame.
Beyond that, there are some oddball pieces of course, but the majority of articles you read are going to fall into one of those categories. This is mostly because Magic players want to improve and the advice and tools in these articles, if accurate, should help you to improve just fine.
However, just because people perceive there to be a lot of value in these “hard” sciences does not mean that there is a lack of substance elsewhere. Many of the other topics people can write about tend to be one-timers. You see, a metagame can evolve and all of a sudden, there is an entirely new thing to write about. A deck can change or a new matchup come into existence, and all of a sudden there is reason to discuss that deck again. But what about the personal hygiene articles or the articles that tell you how to avoid tilt? Unless that author has had a change of heart or become more informed on the subject they previously wrote about, they probably won't have much to say about an identical topic even six months down the road, let alone a few weeks later.
This keeps the volume of these ever important, but often glossed over, articles much lower. There is a lot of value in looking at the psychology of Magic and I am not talking about bluffing or getting reads. The game brings out human emotions and tendencies. Your attitude, health, wants, and needs, those things all come with you when you sit down to play a game of Magic and knowing that those things matter can be crucial for some people to level up their game.
All right, so where am I going with this? What type of voodoo psycho babel am I going to throw your way? Well, hopefully you don't actually think those things about it, because what I want to talk about is being happy while you play Magic.
Take a step back to think about that for a second. Magic is a game. Games are things we do by choice to engage in some amount of fun. It might sound like it isn't possible to be anything BUT happy while playing a game of Magic then, right? Well, clearly we all know that not to be the case, but why is that true? Frustration is considered a natural part of gaming, especially in a culture as competitive as ours (the Magic culture, or even the United States and western thinking). This frustration generally boils out of one central concept:
Investment
Once a person invests into something, the product and the journey to it become some small part of you. You want to see it succeed just as you want to see yourself succeed, and failure stings you all the same. Despite the game being “just a game,” you identify with your work on it.
*Generally speaking of course. Obviously there are some casual players out there, but I would assert that most of them have even been upset at the resolution of an [card]Obliterate[/card] in their Commander games.
Magic has a way of getting so many people that touch the game to get invested. Whether you are playing the game to express yourself through trading, or deckbuilding, or just a particular play style, you are using the game as a form of self expression. This means that while the game is still just a game, it represents more than that. It represents you.
Once you arrive at the conclusion that Magic matters to you, your state of being matters to Magic. i.e. Magic matters and affects the other areas of my life, so in turn, it makes sense that other areas of my life that matter might affect my Magic playing.
So now, ask yourself this broad but ever common question: “Are you happy?”
How much better do you think you might play a match of Magic if you are happy, or in a good mental state, versus being bogged down by hassles or problems in your life that have you stressed or depressed?
For many of us, Magic is an escape. We turn to the community, to our friends, to our collections, to our expertise in something so few people are even familiar with, let alone experts at, and we channel our energy and efforts into it. Building a cool new deck or drafting some extremely powerful creation can alleviate a lot of daily stress that may have built up. However, once that game turns from a casual release of pressure and becomes about the outcome, it will often end up adding even more pressure.
Of course, there isn't an easy solution I can give you to avoid this. If you play Magic competitively, there are going to be some days or matches where you are stressed out and not playing your best. But, if you play Magic competitively, should it also be the place you turn to as a tension release?
I began playing League of Legends about a year and a half ago. At first, I saw the potential I had in the game and wanted to be the best there was. I am realistic, though, and knew that wouldn't happen quickly. After all, I had managed to have success at Magic and I know how long that took and how much luck I needed to go my way in addition to working hard and making the right connections. Success at other games or projects would likely require the same level of dedication, work, and luck that I found through Magic.
I began working on my game. I looked up all of the newest builds and stats. I customized my play style and began to focus in on what I thought I could do best. But at some point in time, all of that stopped. I was trying to be the best I could at League of Legends while also trying to be the best I could at Magic, and I no longer had a casual environment that I could just show up and have some fun with. I was not attending FNMs and drafting every week just for fun. I was not making custom League games with wacky rules. I wanted to win each and every game I played in both LoL and MtG. It wore me down.
I was working four separate jobs and while each was TCG related in one way or another, at the end of the day, they were still jobs. I would then come home thinking I would relax and play some League or do a draft, but as I now know looking back, those were not relaxing nights. There was a lot of stress in trying to be the best I could, especially knowing how steep the hill in front of me actually was. Every avenue of my life was a chore—a stepping stone toward an unreasonable goal to be the best at everything. The idea was sound, but in application, it was too much to maintain.
Luckily, League of Legends released a new map about six months ago for the all random, all-mid game type. For you Magic-only folk, this was essentially in line with what Magic did take EDH and making Commander. They essentially embraced a casual format and decided to support it with its own spiffy new map and rules set. I played that map an extraordinary amount. Prior to that, you would find me playing ranked, trying to level up and end up at the top of the ladder but once ARAM became more accessible, I found that the casual release of steam was something I craved.
I began to play ranked less and less than the environment was getting to be a little too toxic for me and I could feel myself only wanting to win and getting no enjoyment otherwise. As a professional gamer, I value winning highly, but even in a game like Magic, where I am rewarded directly for winning, much of the happiness I derive from the game does not come directly from winning. Building decks and seeing crazy and cool things happen is a blast to me. Hanging out with buddies and trading war stories are some of the best times on the Pro Tour.
I had grown to care so much about winning in League that I could feel my upset states pushing friends away when we would lose. I was being too hard on them and too hard on myself, all because I wanted a fancy border around my loading screen picture. Once I changed my mentality and shifted LoL to being my release of stress, the game changed. Now, I was mostly interested in playing with friends and having fun. Winning was fun, so I still enjoyed doing that, but it was not priority number one.
Whereas before I would get mad when people would make inferior plays, I now found myself getting mad when people showed disrespect toward their team or made the game less fun for others. The toxic behavior I was demonstrating myself just a month or so back was now the thing that disgusted me the most. Winning was fun, but there was a lot of fun to be had in the journey, the experience, where the destination was not all too relevant.
In short, I had become happier. I was learning to appreciate things I had never even thought to appreciate before. Magic was allowed to bring a little stress into my life. It is my job, after all. While I derive a ton of enjoyment from Magic, if it ever weighs on me a little bit, that never comes as a surprise. If I were never stressed about Magic, I would feel like I wasn't caring enough. Of course, being too stressed over it would be equally bad, if not worse, but there is a grey area that I fully expect to reside in. I was opting into League of Legends. I was not making money off of the game or anything even close to that, so why was I allowing it to bring such negativity into my life?
This may be relatively anecdotal, but I think a lot of people might find that they are in a similar spot in Magic as I was in League of Legends. What does the game mean to you and what space does it occupy in your life? If it is intended to be a casual distraction that lifts your spirits but it is not doing that, is there something else in your life that is? We all need our outlets. Because Magic is labeled a game, it is easy to conclude that it is one of these outlets, but that might not be the case, possibly because you are not allowing it to be.
Recently, I have been looking to embrace a few changes in my life and move some things around in order to be a happier person. I know the place that Magic occupies in my life and I know the places where it leaves some absences. I cannot expect the game to deliver on all fronts. What role does Magic play in your life? What role do you want it to play? And what steps do you need to make to bridge that gap?
Life is difficult, brohams and brohers. I wish you the best of luck in your journey. And if that journey is the fun part for you, might I wish that you never get to where you're going. Thanks for reading!
