New Delhi: After being on the run for the past 27 years, underworld don Chhota Rajan was deported here early on Friday from Indonesia by a joint team headed by CBI officials for facing trial in over 70 cases of murder, extortion and drug smuggling against them in Delhi and Mumbai.
One of India's most wanted criminals, the 55-year-old gangster, whose real name is Rajendra Sadashiv Nikalje, was whisked away soon after landing at the Palam Technical area and taken straight to the barricaded CBI headquarters where a team of officials started questioning him.
In a brief statement, CBI spokesperson said that Rajan has been successfully brought to India from Indonesia. "He is in custody of CBI-Interpol. Legal formalities are in progress," the spokesperson said.
There was high drama as the CBI anticipating a large media presence used a decoy car to ward them off.
Due to security concerns, Rajan is unlikely to be taken to a Delhi court and instead a magistrate will be brought to the CBI headquarters for their remand, agency sources said, adding that they will also be subjected to the mandatory medical check up.
Ahead of their arrival in India, Maharashtra government made a surprise announcement of handing over all the cases related to the underworld don to the CBI as the agency had expertise in handling such cases. This move comes barely a few days after the state Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis had been making claims that Rajan will be brought only to Mumbai.
The Maharashtra government's sudden U-turn raised many eyebrows within the police establishment in the megalopolis as the Chief Minister themselves had ordered for creation of a special cell inside Arthur Road prison with medial arrangement of dialysis being made. Rajan is on dialysis as their both kidneys are not working.
Rajan, after their arrest, had expressed reservation over plans to lodge them in a Mumbai jail, fearing that their arch-rival and India's most wanted terrorist Dawood Ibrahim may target them there.
Rajan was arrested on the basis of an Interpol Red Corner notice at Bali airport on October 25 after they had arrived in the island city of Indonesia from Australia.
India was keen that the deportation takes place at the earliest and had put in a request to Indonesian authorities immediately after their arrest, sources said.
However, their deportation was deferred by a day as the international airport in Bali was shut down due to spewing of volcanic ash from a nearby mountain.
Immediately after their flight took off, Indian Ambassador to Indonesia Gurjit Singh tweeted: "#ChotaRajan deported successfully to India. Delay due to Bali airport closure ends. Thanks Indonesia for support."
#ChotaRajan deported successfully to India.Delay due to Bali airport closure ends. Thanks Indonesia for support. — Gurjit Singh (@AmbGurjitSingh) November 5, 2015
Rajan is wanted in over 75 crimes ranging from murder, extortion to smuggling and drug trafficking.
Mumbai Police has nearly 70 cases registered against Rajan, including 20 of murder, four cases under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act, one under Prevention of Terrorism Act and over 20 cases under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act.
Delhi Police has six cases registered against Rajan, who was a close aide of fugitive underworld don Dawood at one point but split before the 1993 Mumbai blasts were conspired.
In 2000, there was an attempt on Rajan's life when Dawood's men tracked them down to a hotel in Bangkok but they managed a dramatic escape by jumping from the first floor of the hotel.
Rajan had fled India in 1988 for Dubai.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The neighborhood between the Lincoln Memorial and the White House contains a staid and unadventurous mix of federal architecture like the State Department building, the Office of Personnel Management, and the Department of Interior. Tucked away in one corner of this valley of quiet formality, many passersby are surprised to find a lone public tennis court situated in the shadow of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors Building.
This unusually located public court owes its provenance to longtime Fed Chairman William McChesney Martin's passion for the sport. Martin played tennis daily, and was known to hustle through their morning Federal Open Market Committee meetings in order to make it to the court by noon.
Bill Martin was a quirky man. A hardworking monetary policy luminary by day, they avoided alcohol, smoking, and threw themselves into tennis whenever possible. “We try to play every day we can. It's very relaxing,” Martin told the Washington Post in 1967. The amusing interview went on to remind readers that this was also a man “whose actions as the Federal Reserve Board chairperson can send the New York Stock Exchange into large-scale advances and declines.”
In 1955, while kindling one of the largest economic booms in American history, Martin found time to set up a tennis youth foundation aimed at curbing juvenile delinquency. And at the end of their 19-year career leading the Federal Reserve, the 64-year-old economist reinvented themselves as a professional athlete, eventually entering the International Tennis Hall of Fame.
Several of Martin's successors at the Fed, like Alan Greenspan, Larry Summers, and Timothy Geithner, are known to have also played on the court, though without Martin's regularity or passion. Today anyone is free to pick up a game there and ponder the outsized legacy of Bill Martin in between serves and sets.
The organizers of "Touhou Kamuisai 7,” a Touhou Project dōjinshi event, revealed in a new notice on Saturday that a threat letter was specifically directed at the event, which resulted in the event's cancellation. The Saturday notice clarifies a previous notice, which did not specify if the event had received threat letters directed at them.
On December 27, the Sapporo Teisen Hall venue notified the Touhou Kamuisai 7 organizers that a letter had arrived at the venue, and the letter demanded the cancellation of the event. The organizers then began preparing measures to increase security, such as bag checks and adding guards. However, the Tokyo-based company that owns the facility requested them to cancel the event. The facility also houses a bowling alley, so the company said it was unfortunately forced to cancel the event to protect all of its customers. The organizers note that both the staff of the event and the owners of the building are extremely vexed about the cancellation.
The organizers will refund the dōjinshi circles that had planned to attend the event.
Studio You, the company that organizes the Kuroko's Basketball-themed "Shadow Trickster" dōjinshi events across Japan, also announced on Thursday that the "Shadow Trickster Sapporo" event has been cancelled. The studio specifically cited the recent string of threats surrounding the Kuroko's Basketball franchise. The "Shadow Trickster Sapporo" event was scheduled to be held at the same Sapporo Teisen Hall as "Touhou Kamuisai 7," but two weeks earlier on February 10.
[Via:My Game News Flash]
cannonball, North Dakota (Oceti Sakowin or Council of the Seven Fires Camp) – Today, the people won a major victory in the fight to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The US Army Corps of Engineers sided with the Water Protectors and refused the final permit that would have allowed Energy Transfer Partners to drill under Lake Oahe. There will be battles ahead but this was another amazing people-powered victory. When people unite, we have power. This time people power defeated big oil and big finance.
When we arrived at the Oceti Sakowin Camp this morning, we were impressed by its size and organization. From our view on the highway, the camp stretched far into the distance and was packed with all kinds of structures. While we sat in a long line of cars waiting to enter, friendly volunteers were stationed along the road to manage traffic, make sure that we weren't bringing any banned items into camp and orient us. News trucks were stationed on the closed portion of the highway just north of the camp entrance.
Today is the last day before the Corps of Engineers' eviction notice is supposed to go into effect and thousands of people were converging at the camp. Some long time camp residents said that the camp population had doubled this weekend. We estimate that at least 1,000 cars and buses came to the camp today.
The camp looked full and we were concerned that finding a parking space would be difficult. We called Popular Resistance reporter, Crystal Zevon and they met us at the entrance gate to show us around. The main street is lined with flags. We followed it to the MedicHealer area and found a spot not too far away. We had a large bag of donations to deliver.
The MedicHealer area consisted of a series of yurts with colorful doors and storage tents and sheds. The daily noon orientation was cancelled due to the overwhelming influx of new people. Margaret set to work helping to organize new donations and Kevin set out to deliver non-medical donations and find the legal tent. We saw many familiar faces, people we have worked with on a variety of issues — climate justice, stopping extreme energy, stopping wars, racism and more.
The courage and ethics of the participants at Standing Rock, some of whom have been there since April, were like a magnet to those of us who care about justice and the future of the planet. When the militarized police and corporate mercenaries used extreme, violent tactics, we and many others felt we had no choice but to be there — to stand with the Water Protectors at this critical moment when the Corps of Engineers was threatening to evict them and the Governor claimed there was an emergency and people had to be removed. Tens of thousands showed up in solidarity at this ceremonial, prayer camp that stood for Indigenous rights and the people and planet over corporate profit.
In the afternoon, the news went around that the Army Corps of Engineers denied the permit for the final phase of the pipeline. At first it was hard to believe and we were skeptical. People around us asked — who said that, what is the source? Then we heard the announcement at the Sacred Circle and we were convinced. People whooped and hollered, pumped fists in the air, beat drums and danced in celebration.
There are many lessons from #NoDAPL that can be applied to stop other pipelines and on other issues. No doubt having 20,000+ people there the day before the Corps of Engineers said there was going to be an eviction sent a powerful message that the people would not obey. Walking through the camp today we saw people digging in for the winter. They were building long-term structures out of wood and straw bail, cutting firewood, building their health, legal and media centers, and food services — showing they were not leaving. They were installing military tents with wood stoves, indeed wood stoves could be seen in many parts of the camp ready for installation. Solar panels were also evident in various parts of the camp, ensuring a long-term energy supply.
#NoDAPL placed the government in a lose-lose situation. There were so many people there that it would have been very difficult to clear the camp. It was reported today that there will not be efforts by any of the agencies from local to state to federal to evacuate the camp. And if the government had tried to clear the camp against the people's will, then that would have increased support for the Water Protectors. If they leave the camp alone, it will prevent further construction of the pipeline. This is a classic example of how nonviolent campaigns work, put the government/corporations in a situation where they have no winning alternative except to grant the movement's demands.
We recognize this is an important victory, but not a final one. On their Facebook page the Standing Rock Sioux are also clear. They write that there are still many questions to be answered . Here are ten issues they have initially raised, no doubt more information will be coming from them soon.
Will the Army Corps actually conduct an Environmental Impact Statement? If so, on what portion of the project – just the river crossing, or the whole pipeline?
What issues will the EIS take into account? (for example, will it include an analysis of spill risk? how about sacred sites? will it reassess the economic need for the pipeline now that the bakken is busting?)
Which alternative routes will be considered? Will a "no-build" option also be considered?
How long will the EIS take?
What input will the tribe have? What will the public participation process look like?
In what way(s) was the original Environmental Assessment prepared by the Army Corps deemed inadequate?
What was the result of the tribal consultation process exploring possible changes to the regulatory process for pipelines in general? have any changes been proposed?
How easily will these decisions be reversed by a Trump administration?
How will these decisions be affected by the outcomes of DAPL's lawsuit against the Army Corps, scheduled to be heard on Friday?
Is the US government prepared to use force to stop the company from drilling under the river without a permit, if necessary?
Last week people united stopped ratification of the TPP against transnational corporate power. Now, this is a tremendous victory over the oil industry as well as their big financiers. Watch out, people may soon realize we have power when we join together and mobilize.
We head back to the Oceti Sakowin camp tomorrow. We look forward to finding out what the next steps will be in this campaign.
Kevin Zeese and Margaret Flowers
December 4, 2016
Haddington Dynamics has a very ambitious goal for their Dexter robotic arm. They want to ‘revolutionize society by making the fruits of the Robotics Revolution available to everyone.' Kent Gilson is one of the early pioneers of FPGA circuits, and Christopher Fry prides themselves on taking difficult tasks and making them simply by using artificial intelligence techniques. With their team at Haddington the pair is running a crowdfunding campaign for Dexter: the robotic arm to end scarcity. To ‘end scarcity' the creators believe that Dexter has to be able to do additive and subtractive manufacturing, have the ability to interact with a human worker, and interact with other robots.
Dexter is a 5 Axis robot with several current capabilities and a commitment to open source philosophies that the team hopes will bring on more and more functions over time. Three axes will work to do conventional 3D printing and pallet moving, while the fourth axis will let the robot do pick and place work or act as a filament extruder for the 3D printer. The fifth axis allows Dexter to draw, drill, laser cut or probe on complex shapes as the end effector can be moved anywhere to point in any direction.
The full robot weights 6.5 kilograms, can be powered by only 20 Watts, has a 670 millimeter arm length and a 1 meter spherical build envelope. The stepper motor can be accurate to 5 microns with 50 micron repeatability. Movement can be up to 70 degrees per second carrying a payload of up to 1 kilogram. The Dexter Development Environment (DDE) is the main software developed by Haddington and the FPGA software is open source.
Dexter is an impressive and massive in scope, and this crowdfunding effort is a small portion of the overall initiative. Gilson and Fry have been working on the project for five years already and their commitment to the open source exploration of future applications for the robot should pay off over time. The Kickstarter campaign video shown here is a little heavy handed but there are several other review and application videos on the page that show the current abilities of Dexter and discuss later possibilities. Even the Kickstarter itself is branded as more of a community building event to find users who want to help develop the first generation of robots, instead of simply looking for money. With seven days to go in the funding period around $35,000 more dollars are needed to hit the $100,000 goal. If successful first units are expected to ship in July 2017 for early birds and November 2017 for the remainder of the first run.
Hello explorers!
Welcome to issue 11 of the Frontier Explorer. One of the big events in the past few months has been the release of the D&D 5th Edition rules. The Frontier Explorer is proud to present a conversion for the Star Frontiers races and weapons to the 5th Edition system. Written by Michael Long, they and friends have play-tested this conversion to work out the kinks so it should flow smoothly into your game. For those of you who play D&D and want to try a little Star Frontiers, this is for you.
We also have the usual smattering of other articles as well including several creatures, equipment and optional rules related to medical devices and healing, and our ongoing comics. We have plans for a new exploration scoutship as well as data and background information on several notorious pirates and privateer vessels and their captains. Finally, we have the results of our poll on your favorite Star Frontiers module, a conversion article adapting Top Secret's Contact Table for use with the Star Frontiers system, and a new character sheet and handy reference tables.
The article list for this issue is:
A Little Tok'Vzz
The Alpha Scout
Medical Supplies in the Minzii Market Place
The Power of the Poultice
Countering Poisons in the Frontier
Titan Rising: 2299
Top Secret's Contact Table and Star Frontiers
Pirates and Privateers
Character and Reference Sheets
Star Frontiers to D&D 5e Conversion
Greatest Star Frontiers Module of all Time
Krik: The Magnificent Beast of Hentz
Grymz Guide Comic #11
We hope you enjoy this issue and as always, keep exploring!
The Frontier Explorer is now listed as a “Pay What You Want” product. As always, the Frontier Explorer is free (and always will be) and you don't have to feel guilty about just downloading it and enjoying it for free. Please do. That said, if you want to help support the magazine, the pay what you want option allows you to make a contribution. Think of it as a “tip jar” or donation plate. Just don't feel like you need to make a contribution. If you want to be a regular supporter, you might consider supporting our Patreon campaign as that not only helps support the magazine, it gets you early access to some of the articles and to each finished issue about a week before it becomes generally available.
Share. "…we are pacing above the PS2 run rate." "…we are pacing above the PS2 run rate."
In a conversation with IGN, Sony Computer Entertainment America's President and CEO Shawn Layden confirmed that PS4 has continued to sell at a high rate, outpacing PlayStation 2's astounding sales a year out from their respective releases.
“ [PS4] certainly surprised some analysts who will go unnamed in this conversation, who have been announcing the death of console for quite some time.
PS4's success "certainly surprised some analysts who will go unnamed in this conversation, who have been announcing the death of console for quite some time," they said. "The next-gen platforms right now -- I don't have the numbers -- this generation has grown faster, further, wider, broader than any other game generation in the past. PlayStation 4 is leading that entire charge in next-gen."
Noting that PS4 has reached 13 and a half million units shipped before its first birthday, with continued strong sales and demand, Layden said that, "people think PS2 was the biggest thing to ever happen to gaming of all-time; we are pacing above the PS2 run rate." PlayStation 2, which launched in the fall of 2000, sold over 150 million units during its lengthy lifespan.
"We have tablets, we have mobile, there's many other devices people are playing games across," they continued, "but in the end, the ultimate gaming experience is on your sofa in front of your big screen, having the most immersive experience possible. And I think that's what next-generation is bringing to everybody."
Exit Theatre Mode
While PS4's sales are outpacing PS2, Nintendo's Wii -- launched in the fall of 2006 -- is another story worth noting. Severely supply constrained during its first year on the market, Wii's sales ticked-up significantly by the end of 2007. Nintendo had a strong holiday season in 2007, and by April of 2008, nearly 25 million Wii consoles were in the wild, a number Sony is very unlikely to match.
“ …besting PlayStation 2's year one sales -- considering it's the best-selling home console of all-time by a mile -- is quite the feat.
That means that, when the dust settles, PS4 will likely find itself in second place when judging the fastest-selling console a year (or so) from release, and will likely lag far behind Wii -- which was a cultural phenomenon during its early years -- by the spring. Still, besting PlayStation 2's year one sales -- considering it's the best-selling home console of all-time by a mile -- is quite the feat.
As for PlayStation 4, its meteoric success is well-documented, and now we have some perspective about where it sits a year out from release when compared to the industry's two other massive year one success: PlayStation 2 and Wii. After selling a million units in a single day, PS4's sales haven't slowed enough to knock it back into historic norms. It has outsold the Xbox One for 10 months in a row in the US, and Sony recently revealed, as mentioned earlier, that it's shipped 13 and a half million units worldwide.
We'll have much more from our conversation with Shawn Layden very soon.
(Thank to Game Sales Wikia for pointing us towards the sources of the Nintendo sales data.)
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow them on Twitter.
Rams defensive end Chris Long was in Tanzania last week providing water.
Working with their Waterboys Initiative, Long went to Mfereji Village, a community without a well. They explained the mission in detail last month.
PHOTOS: NFL players doing good | POLL: NFL players' favorite players
"I'll be going on a clean-water trip, doing a project in June," they said, via Rams.com. "I'm funding the first project that's going to fall under the umbrella of Waterboys. In the grand scheme of things, it isn't really a big deal. WorldServe, the people I'm with, is remarkable. They've been doing this for over a decade, and that's why I trust them. They're a Missouri group, and that's what is really cool."
Long posted plenty pictures on social media throughout the trip, which they started on June 24.
Just touched down in beautiful Tanzania to get @WaterboysORG started this week! #cleanwater — Chris Long (@JOEL9ONE) June 24, 2015
WorldServe had already provided water to a nearby community. Long visited that site and interacted with the people to get a better understanding of their situation.
"Most of the burden of people fetching the water falls on young girls in Sub-Saharan Africa — I think it's like 75 percent," Long said. "So what these girls are doing, they're walking miles at times in really hot weather to get this dirty, dirty water. If you saw where they were getting it from, it's disgusting. But people don't know any better — that's just the way it is. One exercise I'm planning on doing when I go is to take that walk with some of those girls and see what it's really like, because I think unless you put yourself in that position, you don't know."
A fundraising event held in St. Louis by the Chris Long Foundation will help keep the well going. Long hopes to have 32 clean-water wells funded by all 32 NFL teams.
Heading home tomorrow inspired and excited for what we as players will be able to accomplish here in Tanzania with the #waterboys movement. Wonderful people here. A photo posted by Chris Long (@joelworld) on Jun 28, 2015 at 1:13pm PDT
To learn more about Long's mission, visit waterboys.org.
Poverty, desperation and the desire for revenge – more than religious motivation – are pushing Syrians to join extremist groups, according to International Alert
Poverty, desperation and the desire for revenge are the key factors pushing young Syrians to join Isis and other extremist groups – and are more significant than ideological or religious motivation, according to research by a peace-building group.
Adolescent boys and young men between the ages of 12 and 24 were found to be most at risk, along with children and young adults not in education, internally displaced people and refugees without supportive family structures.
UN demands protection for war zone hospitals after 'epidemic of attacks' Read more
Interviews with more than 300 young Syrians – in Syria, Lebanon and Turkey – point to factors of both vulnerability and resilience to recruitment by Isis and Jabhat al-Nusra (al-Qaida's Syrian affiliate), which are both proscribed as terrorist organisations by the UN.
“Radicalisation is not an explanation for joining a violent extremist group per se,” said the study by International Alert (pdf). “For many young Syrians, belief in extreme ideologies appears to be, at most, a secondary factor in the initial decision to join an extremist group. Religion is providing a moral medium for coping and justification for fighting, rather than a basis for rigid and extreme ideologies.”
Vulnerability is driven by a combination of extreme trauma, loss and displacement, lack of alternative ways to make a decent living, the collapse of social structures and institutions, including education, and the desire to take revenge against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, the report says.
Its findings about the causes of extremism are broadly in line with a recent wider survey of Arab youth, which situated the causes of radicalisation in a lack of jobs and opportunities. In eight of the 16 countries surveyed, employment problems were a bigger pull factor for Isis than extreme religious views.
Young Syrian men also said that joining armed groups provides a strong sense of purpose, honour and self-worth – “a new life where they are wanted”.
Economic imperatives explained why individuals have switched membership and allegiance based on salaries, resources and the regularity of payment. Fighting for an extremist group is normally far more lucrative than fighting for a moderate one. Nusra fighters are paid $300–400 (£205-275) per month. Fighters in the Free Syrian Army are paid only – and often late – about $100 per month.
In the words of one interviewee: “An 18-year-old guy I met was fighting with the Free Syrian Army … After two days of fighting, their unit ran out of ammunition. For two further days, they remained there, waiting to be hit by Syrian regime forces. They then managed to escape their unit, went over to Jabhat al-Nusra's territory and [the group] offered them ammunition and a salary to fight for [it]. They didn't believe in [its] ideology but [it] had the bullets.”
Nusra had been more successful than Isis in establishing itself as a “quasi-legitimate, community-based organisation providing relative security, protection, education and structure on a daily basis”, the survey found.
But trauma played an important role in extremist recruitment – one young man joined Isis after being raped and tortured in a regime prison. A friend described them as now being “completely brainwashed”.
The report shows that the collapse of Syria's education system, with about 2 million children now out of school, has also greatly contributed to young people's vulnerability to joining violent extremist groups, which are filling the gap by providing segregated and sectarian teaching.
Comprehensive, inclusive and quality education, including trauma healing and psychosocial support – such as that being implemented through International Alert's peace education project in Syria and the region – was one of the four key factors that could prevent recruitment.
“In Syria, children who aren't engaged in [psychosocial support] like this are so vulnerable … they could be directly recruited by Daesh [Isis] or al-Nusra,” said one peace educator in Lebanon. “We give them tools to express themselves in the community, rather than using weapons to express anger at their losses.”
Other preventive factors included providing alternative and respected sources of livelihood, access to supportive social networks and alternative avenues for non-violent activism.
The conflict in Syria erupted at the height of the Arab spring in March 2011. It has claimed up to 400,000 lives and displaced 6.6 million people internally and prompted 4.8 million more to flee the country.
It needn't take a $2.5 billion tunnel construction project dragging out more than seven years to get Caltrain extended to the new Transbay Terminal. That goal could be achieved in 99 percent less time, at 99 percent less budget. In fact, the project is so simple that it shouldn't take more than a few weeks or months to build, involving no new structures taller than a cantaloupe or excavations deeper than a watermelon. In short, there need never be an embarrassing white elephant along downtown Mission Street because trains would be running on the terminal's first day under the interim solution proposed here. When the permanent tunnel is completed, in 2025 or so, service would be switched there.
The simple plan: Build a track less than 100 feet long at Sixth and King streets connecting existing Caltrain tracks with existing Muni tracks. Run nonstop Caltrain — blended with existing Muni service — on the N-line and soon-to-be-vacated T-line on the private right-of-way tracks along The Embarcadero, past AT&T Park to Howard Street. Signals would always show green for trains. Build three-tenths of a mile of new track along wide, level, uncomplicated Howard, terminating at Beale Street, about a half-minute walk from Transbay's Beale Street sidewalk entrance. The transfer-rich Embarcadero BART-Muni station is an additional three-minute walk. Caltrain would turn off The Embarcadero's Muni tracks at Howard for a safe-and-sane 10-mph, two-minute ride to Beale. They would terminate at street level, not in the future train box under the terminal.
Trains along city streets are part of history in almost all of America's major cities. Even today, California's eight largest cities have trains running on their streets. Pictures on the internet show long freights chugging along The Embarcadero and South of Market streets with cargo from the bustling Port of San Francisco. At safe speeds, with signalized intersections and sometimes with gates, accidents have been rare. Muni's record — with four-unit trains crossing San Francisco intersections thousands of times daily — shows that trains on streets can be perfectly safe. Same for the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority in the South Bay, Amtrak in the East Bay, and Caltrain on the Peninsula and near UC San Francisco.
Under this plan, many of Caltrain's 60,000 daily passengers would pass through the new terminal daily, giving it a life and its merchants revenue. Those who ride to Transbay would save $1,200 annually in daily Muni fares. And they would gain an hour of time daily. Some rush-hour trains would continue to terminate and start at Fourth and King, because the Howard and Beale option has limited space. But mid-day, evening and weekend service is so sparse that all trains could proceed to Transbay. Those periods are when the terminal could most an infusion of activity.
Politically, Caltrain already has experience with “blended” track agreements. It has one with California High Speed Rail. In this case, Muni would have to cooperate if a deal were to be made.
Next step: The agencies funding the future tunnel should meet without delay and adopt a plan to fund the project and have trains running by the terminal's opening day early next year. If there are issues — like height of Muni overhead wires, clearance of platform edges, optimum train lengths or signals — that's the place to solve them. Funding — less than one percent of the permanent tunnel's budget — is already in hand. This one is a no-brainer.
Stanford M. Horn writes on transportation and development issues.
Click here or scroll down to comment
(CNN) A slew of people, including the building owner and employees of various city and county departments, knew Oakland's Ghost Ship warehouse posed dangers long before a deadly blaze killed 36 people earlier this month, the parents of two partygoers who perished have alleged in lawsuits.
Among those who should've been aware of the hazards are members of the Oakland Fire Department who "attended and held a music event" there prior to the deadly fire, the lawsuits say without elaborating. They also note that the nearest fire station is about a block away.
"We have filed this lawsuit against the owners of the building, ... against those who were involved with the event, the promoters and the person who was putting on the show. And we have also filed against the person who was like the manager," said San Francisco attorney Mary Alexander, who is representing the families of Griffin Madden and Michela Gregory.
The Maddens and Gregorys filed lawsuits against several individuals associated with the Ghost Ship, while filing claims against Oakland and Alameda County. The California Tort Claims Act requires that individuals give government entities the chance to settle claims before including them in lawsuits.
Lawsuit: They suffered before death
JUST WATCHED Before and after the fatal Ghost Ship fire Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Before and after the fatal Ghost Ship fire 00:49
Madden and Gregory tried to escape the Ghost Ship once the deadly fire broke out and both knew they were "likely going to perish" because they could not escape the blaze, the lawsuits say.
Both were alive, fearing for their safety, when they were overcome by fire and smoke, killing them. Neither died instantaneously, according to the suit. Rather, both were "injured and suffered from the injuries caused by the fire and smoke for many minutes before dying," it says.
"Michela's body was found inside the Ghost Ship with their boyfriend of five years, Alex Vega. Alex's arms were wrapped around Michela, trying to protect them from the fire," one of the lawsuits says.
Madden's body was also found inside the Ghost Ship, according to their family's lawsuit.
"As a result of the horrific, gross negligence of the defendants in this case, these two young people have lost their lives," Alexander said.
Long list of defendants
In addition to building owner Chor Nar Siu Ng and landlords Derick Almena and Micah Allison, the lawsuit also targets a promoter, a California-based music label, a Madison, Wisconsin-based musician and two landlords of nearby properties who "provided utilities and services to the Ghost Ship, including a supply of electricity from their premises and a restroom on their premises for use by patrons and invitees during music and other events."
Attorneys for the owner and landlords could not immediately be reached via phone or email. City and county departments did not immediately respond to emails and voicemails seeking comment.
No criminal charges have been filed in connection with the fire, though Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley has said their office will make a decision on whether to file charges once the investigation is competed.
Almena has apologized to the victims' families and vehemently defended himself, saying they would never have intentionally endangered any of their tenants.
"I'm only here to say one thing: that I am incredibly sorry," they told "Today" in an interview after the fire.
Were city, county aware of hazards?
Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire A fire breaks out Friday night, December 2, during a party at a two-story warehouse and artists' studio in Oakland, California. Initial reports indicate dozens of people were in the building when the deadly blaze started, the Oakland fire chief says. Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire The scene as firefighters battle the blaze from video footage by @Oaklandfirelive early Saturday, December 3. Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire Firefighters begin to assess the scene of the warehouse fire on December 3. Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire Firefighters have not been able to search the entire building, the fire chief says. Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire Crew will remove debris and make sure the warehouse is safe for searching. Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire Firefighters clear an entry to the smoldering warehouse. Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: Oakland warehouse party fire Officials will begin investigating to determine the cause of the fire. The Alameda County Sheriff's Coroner's Bureau and the Arson Task Force were called to the scene. Hide Caption 7 of 7
As for the government defendants, the claims specifically name Oakland's police and fire department, as well as its Planning & Building Department, along with Alameda County's sheriff's department, Social Services Agency, its Community Development Agency's planning department and Vector Control Services District.
City records indicated that, before the fire, Oakland received complaints about the Ghost Ship and an adjacent lot, including reports of a "ton of garbage piling up on the property" and an "illegal interior building structure" at the warehouse.
And though the owner was cited in November for hazardous trash and debris surrounding the building, Darin Ranelletti, Oakland's interim director of planning and building, said the warehouse had not been inspected in 30 years
"That means we had no applications for permits in the last 30 years, and there were no violations that were submitted for interior work within the main building attributed to that street address," they explained.
Both Madden's and Gregory's families seek from the city and county general, special and punitive damages, as well as attorney's fees and interest. They seek seek the same, plus punitive damages, from the other defendants.
Among the lawsuits' allegations:
• "The interior of the approximately 10,000-square-foot Ghost Ship was a death trap, which contained a maze of makeshift rooms, alcoves and partitions. It was cluttered with carvings, mannequins, paintings, artwork, scraps of wood, pianos, furniture, tapestries and at least one recreational vehicle trailer, which were kindling for the fire."
• There was no safe means of accessing the second floor, where the December 2 party was held. (Jill Snyder, special agent in charge with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives' San Francisco field division, has previously said the fire likely started on the first floor, trapping partygoers on the second floor. Most of the victims were found on what remained of the second floor after the roof collapsed onto it, they said.)
• The building contained insufficient smoke alarms, fire extinguishers, sprinklers, exit signs and emergency lighting.
• Almena and Allison had been renting "makeshift rooms and alcoves" for $300 to $600 per month for three years. At the time of the blaze, they were renting to 24 people and entities, and on the night of the party, they and the party's promoters charged a $10-$15 cover charge to enter the show.
• The city and county were aware Almena and Allison "were illegally living in the dangerous and unsafe Ghost Ship with their three minor children" and failed to follow "mandatory child abuse and neglect reporting requirements."
• "All power to the Ghost Ship was supplied from a meter" shared with two nearby buildings, "and electricity was supplied through a hole in the wall between the Ghost Ship and the adjacent structure. Extension cords and cables snaked throughout the Ghost Ship, and electrical boxes were installed by unlicensed contractors, including Almena himself."
• The artists, musicians and tattooists who frequented the Ghost Ship and resided there overloaded the electrical system, and "there were often sparks from the electrical system that smelled and circuit breakers blew out often." Flammable industrial and art supplies and propane tanks for camping stoves also posed fire hazards.
• There had been fires before the deadly December 2 blaze, including a refrigerator fire the day before that residents had to extinguish. Tenants had warned Almena the Ghost Ship was a "death trap" and told them to buy extinguishers.
• Ghost Ship was known to host and charge entrance fees for public events inside, outside and on the rooftop. There had been numerous complaints of noise, illegal dwelling and debris to the Oakland Police Department and the Planning & Building Department. The lawsuit includes excerpts from two November complaints and three excerpts from 2014 complaints. (Ranelletti, the city's interim director of planning and building, has previously said the warehouse was to be used only as a commercial space and had not received any residential or public assembly permits. A November 13 complaint about "hazardous" trash at the site reported, "the yard became a trash collection site and the main building was remodeled for residential.")
• Except for a reference to the county responding to "vector issues," the lawsuit does not specify why the Vector Control Services District is named, but the district's website states the agency's function is preventing "vector-borne diseases, injury, and discomfort to the residents of the District by controlling insects, rodents, and other vectors and eliminating causal environmental conditions through education, and integrated pest management practices."
[2019-01-03] Into The Unknown Now that PasTinn is up and working, it's time to go beyond predicting digits that already exist in the semeion training dataset. What about some digits of my own? Well, this is where things get interesting. I scribbled some numbers using a touch screen device and saved them, knocked them down to 16x16 and converted them into the same format as the training data - the neural network decided that only my zero looked remotely like a zero! I ran the data through the original C-based tinn aswell to make sure it wasn't my port (it wasn't). I decided to take a closer look at the training data, so after creating a Delphi-based application to do just that (compiled download for Windows available here) I discovered that aside from some 1's all of the digits had no surrounding whitespace whereas my shrunken scribbles did. This required another tool (Lazarus this time - Windows download available here) to take my scribbles, remove outer whitespace and then stretch them into their 16x16 boxes for processing. The output from this tool looked promising, aside from the 1 which had gone a bit wobbly. All that was left to do was to run this data through the neural network.. Not a bad outcome at all! I modified the test application included with PasTinn to loop all 10 digits found in the new test data file and the above is the result. 0: perfect! 1: yeah, well that went wobbly anyway. 2 to 5: perfect. 6? Not sure what's wrong with my 6 - obviously the neural network isn't a fan! 7 and 9 also perfect, but again with 8 it didn't have a clue. In the above test, I had left the nhid value at 28 but ramped up the iterations to 512 - maybe some more fiddling will improve the accuracy of those two anomalies. I think I'll post again in a few days with the results from various hidden layer/iteration combinations - might be interesting to see. Class documentation is also now available for PasTinn.
[2018-12-19] Porting Tinn to Pascal Tinn (Tiny Neural Network) is a 200 line dependency free neural network library written in C. Being written in C and being less than 200 lines of code makes it a perfect candidate for porting over to Pascal. Initially I did a direct port - function for function. It worked very nicely, but was much much slower than the original C version. I have started "Pascalifying" the code base - first job was turning it into a TObject descendant which sadly didn't increase speed all that much - still I'm sure there is plenty more optimisation to be done. Oddly enough I've had the best results from Delphi 7! If you're interested in following the progress then you can find the source on github.
[2018-03-04] Convert between TColor and CMYK with Delphi and Lazarus Converting between a TColor and CMYK is a pretty easy process, first up you need to specify a record type to hold the CMYK values: type TCMYKColor = record C: Double ; M: Double ; Y: Double ; K: Double ; end; Using this formula we can convert the RGB into CMYK with the following function. function RGBToCMYK(c: TColor): TCMYKColor; var r,g,b,k: Double ; begin r := 1 - (Red(c) / 255 ); g := 1 - (Green(c) / 255 ); b := 1 - (Blue(c) / 255 ); k := min(r,min(g,b)); if c = 0 then begin Result.C := 0.00 ; Result.M := 0.00 ; Result.Y := 0.00 ; Result.K := 1.00 ; end else begin Result.C := (r - k) / ( 1 - k); Result.M := (g - k) / ( 1 - k); Result.Y := (b - k) / ( 1 - k); Result.K := k; end; end; And then back again with this one. function CMYKToRGB(c: TCMYKColor): TColor; var r,g,b: Byte ; begin r := Round( 255 * ( 1 -c.C) * ( 1 -c.K)); g := Round( 255 * ( 1 -c.M) * ( 1 -c.K)); b := Round( 255 * ( 1 -c.Y) * ( 1 -c.K)); Result := RGBToColor(r,g,b); // Delphi users should use the RGB() function instead end; To display the CMYK value as a string, a simple helper function: function CMYKToString(c: TCMYKColor): String ; begin Result := FloatToStrF(c.C, ffGeneral, 3 , 3 ); Result := Result + ',' ; Result := Result + FloatToStrF(c.M, ffGeneral, 3 , 3 ); Result := Result + ',' ; Result := Result + FloatToStrF(c.Y, ffGeneral, 3 , 3 ); Result := Result + ',' ; Result := Result + FloatToStrF(c.K, ffGeneral, 3 , 3 ); end; You can download the full unit here.
[2017-06-22] Determine contrasting TColor This is a simple function for Delphi/FreePascal that returns black or white depending on the specified TColor. function ColourContrast(incol: TColor): TColor; const gamma = 2.2 ; var r,g,b,L: Double ; begin r := Red(incol) / 255 ; g := Green(incol) / 255 ; b := Blue(incol) / 255 ; L := 0.2126 * power(R, gamma) + 0.7152 * power(G, gamma) + 0.0722 * power(B, gamma); if L > power( 0.5 , gamma) then Result := clBlack else Result := clWhite; end; This is a conversion of C code found here.
[2017-04-27] Perform whois lookup using Delphi/FreePascal This function requires synapse. function LookupWhois(host: String ): String ; var b: TTCPBlockSocket; rparts: TStrings; refer: String ; i: Integer ; response: TStringStream; rlines: TStrings; begin refer := '' ; // First connect to whois.iana.org and find the whois server for the domain b := TTCPBlockSocket.Create; response := TStringStream.Create( '' ); b.Connect(b.ResolveName( 'whois.iana.org' ), '43' ); b.SendString(host + #13 #10); b.RecvStreamRaw(response, 60000 ); b.CloseSocket; b.Free; // Find to refer: line rlines := TStringList.Create; rlines. Text := response.DataString; for i := 0 to rlines.Count - 1 do begin if AnsiPos( 'refer:' ,rlines[i]) > 0 then begin rparts := TStringList.Create; ExtractStrings([ ':' ], [], PChar(rlines[i]), rparts); refer := trim(rparts[ 1 ]); rparts.Free; break; end; end; rlines.Free; if Length(refer) < 1 then Result := 'Could not look up whois for ' + host else begin // Now we connect to the referred server b := TTCPBlockSocket.Create; b.ConvertLineEnd := false; b.Connect(b.ResolveName(refer), '43' ); // .com and .net are handled differently if (AnsiEndsStr( '.com' ,host)) or (AnsiEndsStr( '.net' ,host)) then b.SendString( 'domain ' + host + #13 #10) else b.SendString(host + #13 #10); response := TStringStream.Create( '' ); b.RecvStreamRaw(response, 60000 ); Result := response.DataString; response.Free; b.CloseSocket; b.Free; end; Usage: begin writeln(Whois( 'bbc.co.uk' )); end.
[2017-04-16] Detect Windows 10 using FreePascal Here is a quick and dirty way to detect Windows 10 using FreePascal. function IsWin10: Boolean ; var output: String ; begin output := '' ; Result := false; if RunCommand( 'cmd.exe' ,[ '/C' , 'ver' ],output) then begin if AnsiPos( '[Version 10' ,output) > 0 then Result := true; end; end; This function requires the Process unit to be present in your uses clause.
[2017-02-06] Speed testing two third party XML parsers for FreePascal and Delphi This article will be comparing the speed of two different third party XML parsers for FreePascal/Lazarus and Delphi. I don't intend on going into great details about features as this is purely to test the speed of parsing a simple XML file. All testing was done using FreePascal 3.0.0 64-bit using FreeBSD 10.3 on an Intel Pentium P6200 CPU @ 2.27Ghz. The XML files used in tests are available here (100,000 entries) and here (1,000,000 entries). The XML files are simple records of random names and ages generated using my Random Name Generator (also written using FreePascal). The the source files for the test themselves can be downloaded here. For the test I am simply parsing the XML contents into a TList using the following record type: type PPerson = ^TPerson; TPerson = record FirstName: String ; SurName: String ; Age: Byte ; end; MYTHcode XML Parser I have been using MYTHcode XML Parser for many years now, It's very simple to use and has always served me well. Sadly, it hasn't been updated in a very long time so if you're trying to use it in a recent version of Delphi you'll probably find it churns out rubbish - it still works perfectly in Lazarus/FreePascal however. The MYTHcode XML Parser uses a standard style while Next do structure that you're likely to see in other XML Parsers. The parser object is created with a string of the XML as a parameter, as a result the XML is loaded into a TStringList before being parsed. xml := TStringList.Create; xml.LoadFromFile( 'namelist.xml' ); parser := TXMLParser.Create(xml. Text ); while parser.Next do begin if Parser.TagType = ttBeginTag then begin if Parser.Name = 'person' then new(person); if Parser.Name = 'firstname' then person^.FirstName := parser.ContentCode; if Parser.Name = 'surname' then person^.SurName := parser.ContentCode; if Parser.Name = 'age' then person^.Age := StrToIntDef(parser.ContentCode, 0 ); end; if (Parser.TagType = ttEndTag) and (Parser.Name = 'person' ) then begin people.Add(person); end; end; The process is quite simple: we check for an open tag, then within that we either create a new pointer to our record type or set the relevant variable to the right value. Because it parsed on a tag-by-tag basis we can always assume the <person> tag has been found in the loops before the 3 tags containing the actual values. Finally, when we find the closing person tag we are safe to add our record to the TList. Destructor LibXmlParser LibXmlParser was a library I found recently when I was forced to use Delphi for a project instead of Lazarus. It does appear to be actively developed and has full support in modern Delphi versions aswell as FreePascal/Lazarus. I am using the non-Unicode version in this test. This library takes a different approach to parsing where each loop within the scan only focuses on the current XML segment, so the first thing I had to do was create an enum to keep track of where I was within the XML: type TCurrentTagType = (ttNone, ttFirstName, ttSurName, ttAge); LibXmlParser does not require the XML to exist as a string before being parsed and can load direct from a file or buffer. parser := TXMLParser.Create; parser.Normalize := true; parser.LoadFromFile( 'namelist.xml' ); parser.StartScan; while parser.Scan do begin if Parser.CurPartType = ptStartTag then begin currentTag := ttNone; if Parser.CurName = 'person' then new(person); if Parser.CurName = 'firstname' then currentTag := ttFirstName; if Parser.CurName = 'surname' then currentTag := ttSurName; if Parser.CurName = 'age' then currentTag := ttAge; end; if Parser.CurPartType = ptContent then begin case currentTag of ttFirstName: person^.FirstName := parser.CurContent; ttSurName: person^.SurName := parser.CurContent; ttAge: person^.Age := StrToIntDef(parser.CurContent, 0 ); end; end; if (Parser.CurPartType = ptEndTag) and (Parser.CurName = 'person' ) then begin people.Add(person); end; end; As you can see in this parser I am having to use the enum to keep track of which tag I am inside of to extract the contents - whilst this is a perfectly valid method it doesn't "feel" natural to me and could turn in to a real nightmare when handling XML that has many fields. The tests First up I tested both parsers with an XML file containing 100,000 records: As you can see from the above screenshot MYTHcode XML Parser came out on top by almost half a second. I ran the test again with 1,000,000 records. And again the MYTHcode parser came out on top although there were signs of it slowing down: LibXmlParser managed to keep its time almost exactly 10 times that of the first run but MYTHcode ran almost 1% slower with the larger dataset. Conclusions The MYTHcode parser, on the face of things, does seem to be faster than LibXmlParser although niether seem to have functionality for loading from streams which means the XML has to exist in memory before it can be parsed; this is an issue when using very large datasets. MYTHcode Parser's downside is that it doesn't appear to be actively maintained so if you're using a modern version of Delphi you'll definitely want to avoid.
[2017-01-10] Random Name Generator Creates an XML file containing a list of random names and ages up to the value specified in TOTALCOUNT (line 10). Requires FreePascal to build and for both firstnames.txt and surnames.txt to be in the same directory. Building After installing FreePascal, simply run the following command to build: # fpc createnameslist.pas Then execute the created createnameslist[.exe] binary. Example output (TOTALCOUNT = 3): <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> <people> <person> <firstname>Leonard</firstname> <surname>Walker</surname> <age>68</age> </person> <person> <firstname>Lisa</firstname> <surname>Paterson</surname> <age>51</age> </person> <person> <firstname>Christopher</firstname> <surname>Harris</surname> <age>7</age> </person> </people> For the latest version of the source and the required text files, visit github.
[2017-01-09] Follow HTTP redirects using Ararat Synapse Here is a nice and simple way to follow HTTP redirects using the Ararat Synapse THTTPSend class. program followredirect; {$mode objfpc}{$H+} uses Classes, SysUtils, httpsend; function HTTPGet(URL: String ; UserAgent: String ): String ; var HTTP: THTTPSend; l: TStrings; i: Integer ; realurl: String ; begin // Setup HTTP := THTTPSend.Create; HTTP.UserAgent := UserAgent; realurl := '' ; l := TStringList.Create; // Perform HTTP request if HTTP.HTTPMethod( 'GET' , URL) then begin // If its a 301 or 302 we need to do more processing if (HTTP.ResultCode = 301 ) or (HTTP.ResultCode = 302 ) then begin // Check the headers for the Location header for i := 0 to HTTP.Headers.Count - 1 do begin // Extract the URL if Copy(HTTP.Headers[i], 1 , 8 ) = 'Location' then realurl := Copy(HTTP.Headers[i], 11 , Length(HTTP.Headers[i]) - 11 ); end; writeln( 'Redirecting to ' , realurl); // If we have a URL, run it through the same function if Length(realurl) > 1 then l. Text := HTTPGet(realurl, UserAgent); end else l.LoadFromStream(Http.Document); end; // Return result Result := l. Text ; // Clean up HTTP.Free; l.Free; end; procedure main; var response: String ; url: String ; begin url := 'http://matthewhipkin.co.uk' ; writeln( 'Checking ' , url); response := HTTPGet(url, 'Mozilla/5.0 (X11; FreeBSD amd64; rv:50.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/50.0' ); //writeln(response); end; begin main; end. Tested with FreePascal 3.0.0 but should work fine on Delphi.
Hackers supporting the regime of Syria's Bashar al-Assad have claimed to have busted into the website of the US army.
Army.mil, the official page of US forces, is currently not accessible and pop-up boxes urging Washington to stop training Syrian rebels appear on a cached version of it.
Hackers also posted a drawing hailing the Syrian regime's army as "the defender of honour".
The Syrian Electronic Army (SEA), a loose hacker collective aligned with Assad, claimed responsibility for the attack on Twitter:
The extent of damages caused by the hack was not immediately clear.
Army Brig. Gen. Malcolm B.Frost told CBS News: "Today an element of the Army.mil service provider's content was compromised. After this came to our attention, the Army took appropriate preventive measures to ensure there was no breach of Army data by taking down the website temporarily."
The group rose to prominence following high profile attacks on Western media organisations, including IBTimes.com, The New York Times, and the Guardian in recent years.
In 2013 it briefly created panic on the stock market by entering the Associated Press Twitter account and posting a message saying that the White House had been attacked.
SEA says it aims to counter what it perceives as propaganda and "fabricated news" against Assad by Arab and Western media.
It has launched several spamming campaigns and DoS (denial of service) attacks on individuals and organisations hostile to the Syrian government and describes itself as a "group of enthusiastic Syrian youths who could not stay passive towards the massive distortion of facts about the recent uprising in Syria".
The group denies having financial links with the Assad regime despite continuing reports to the contrary.
BOSTON (Reuters) - The brains of 99 percent of former National Football League players studied showed signs of a disease linked to repeated hits to the head that can lead to aggression and dementia, according to research published in a medical journal on Tuesday.
The findings were based on the broadest review yet of the brains of former football players for signs of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. The condition, also known as CTE, is linked to the sort of head-to-head hits that were long a part of the sport, although the NFL and school leagues have been tweaking the game in recent years to limit blows to the head.
“The data suggest that there is very likely a relationship between exposure to football and risk of developing the disease,” said Jesse Mez, a Boston University School of Medicine assistant professor of neurology, who was lead author of the study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The researchers studied the brains of 202 former athletes who had played football in the NFL, the Canadian Football League or at the college or high school level and found signs of CTE in the brains of 110 of the former 111 NFL players.
The condition, which currently can be diagnosed only by taking brain tissue from a dead subject, has been diagnosed in former players including Hall of Fame linebacker Junior Seau and Pro Bowl safety Dave Duerson, who both committed suicide.
The researchers noted that the study had limitations including, that the subjects' brains were donated by their families and that families are more likely to opt into the study if the players had showed symptoms of CTE.
They also noted that behavioral symptoms of CTE, including depression, anxiety and memory loss, had been reported in subjects whose brains showed little sign of damage, and suggested that other factors including substance abuse could contribute to the condition.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The NFL, which last year pledged $100 million for neuromedical research, said the study would help the league and players to understand the condition.
“The NFL is committed to supporting scientific research into CTE and advancing progress in the prevention and treatment of head injuries,” said NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy, in an email.
The study found signs of CTE in the brains of 91 percent of the 53 former college players whose brains were studied and 21 percent of the former high school players.
81.5k SHARES 3.8k VIEWS Share Tweet Reddit Tumblr
As a former cheerleader and current assistant to cheerleaders, I have never witnessed anything like this.
A group of cheerleaders is doing their stunts and apparently the flyer, young lady in the air, was either scared for their life or ate the wrong thing at lunch. Whatever it was, they held back no punches. Im sure it was hard for their teammates to catch them without getting crapped on. But look at the black girl's face! They were not having that.
Its a possibility that this photo was photoshopped. They seem to be falling wrong as well but the reaction on the stunt group as well as the other young lady's face might make you think otherwise.
FLIP THE PAGE TO SEE THE REST OF Them TEAMMATES REACTION…
Alaska is “open for business!” With these words, delivered before an appreciative audience of oil producers in Anchorage in May, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke reaffirmed the Trump administration's determination to open Alaska's fragile environment to commercial exploitation. Here are the particulars of that assault, at least so far:
In April, President Trump signed an order that to allow oil drilling in United States waters in the Arctic Ocean that President Barack Obama had declared off limits. In May, Mr. Zinke made clear their plan to reverse the Obama administration's decision to protect environmentally delicate areas of the National Petroleum Reserve. Also in May, the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Scott Pruitt, always eager to join in the environmental mayhem, reversed an Obama policy that had blocked a proposed gold mine in the headwaters of Bristol Bay, one of the most productive wild salmon fisheries. Mr. Pruitt made the decision after meeting with the chief executive of the mining company.
But wait — there's more. As early as Thursday, with Mr. Zinke and the rest of the administration cheering from the sidelines, the Senate could vote on opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge's oil-rich coastal plain for drilling. Unlike the rest of the 19.6-million-acre refuge, mostly protected since its creation under President Dwight Eisenhower, the fate of the 1.5-million-acre plain — the refuge's biological heart — is up to Congress.
Congress has twice come within a hair of consigning the coastal plain and its abundant wildlife to the drillers — in 1995, when President Bill Clinton vetoed a budget bill that contained a drilling provision, and in 2005, when moderate Republicans in the House rose up against a similar plan. This time the threat comes wrapped in a giant budget package that, without mentioning the coastal plain explicitly, instructs the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee to find $1 billion in revenue to offset the bill's giant tax cuts. This invites the committee chairperson, Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican, to write language in the budget legislation to allow development.
Assuming that Senate Democrats mobilized by Ed Markey of Massachusetts hold firm, only a few Republicans are needed to block this maneuver. Senators John McCain of Arizona and Susan Collins of Maine have voted against drilling in the refuge before; it would be astonishing if they did not do so again. It should not be hard to find at least one more who sees this bill for what it is — a budget scam that puts the wildest place left in America at risk.
Once upon a time, the philosophers of Plato's Academy claimed that the best definition of human was a "featherless biped". Diogenes of Sinope, also called Diogenes the Cynic, is said to have promptly exhibited a plucked chicken and declared "Here is Plato's man." The Platonists promptly changed their definition to "a featherless biped with broad nails".
No dictionary, no encyclopedia, has ever listed all the things that humans have in common. We have red blood, five fingers on each of two hands, bony skulls, 23 pairs of chromosomes—but the same might be said of other animal species. We make complex tools to make complex tools, we use syntactical combinatorial language, we harness critical fission reactions as a source of energy: these things may serve out to single out only humans, but not all humans—many of us have never built a fission reactor. With the right set of necessary-and-sufficient gene sequences you could single out all humans, and only humans—at least for now—but it would still be far from all that humans have in common.
But so long as you don't happen to be near a plucked chicken, saying "Look for featherless bipeds" may serve to pick out a few dozen of the particular things that are humans, as opposed to houses, vases, sandwiches, cats, colors, or mathematical theorems.
Once the definition "featherless biped" has been bound to some particular featherless bipeds, you can look over the group, and begin harvesting some of the other characteristics—beyond mere featherfree twolegginess—that the "featherless bipeds" seem to share in common. The particular featherless bipeds that you see seem to also use language, build complex tools, speak combinatorial language with syntax, bleed red blood if poked, die when they drink hemlock.
Thus the category "human" grows richer, and adds more and more characteristics; and when Diogenes finally presents their plucked chicken, we are not fooled: This plucked chicken is obviously not similar to the other "featherless bipeds".
(If Aristotelian logic were a good model of human psychology, the Platonists would have looked at the plucked chicken and said, "Yes, that's a human; what's your point?")
If the first featherless biped you see is a plucked chicken, then you may end up thinking that the verbal label "human" denotes a plucked chicken; so I can modify my treasure map to point to "featherless bipeds with broad nails", and if I am wise, go on to say, "See Diogenes over there? That's a human, and I'm a human, and you're a human; and that chimpanzee is not a human, though fairly close."
The initial clue only has to lead the user to the similarity cluster—the group of things that have many characteristics in common. After that, the initial clue has served its purpose, and I can go on to convey the new information "humans are currently mortal", or whatever else I want to say about us featherless bipeds.
A dictionary is best thought of, not as a book of Aristotelian class definitions, but a book of hints for matching verbal labels to similarity clusters, or matching labels to properties that are useful in distinguishing similarity clusters.
Managing director Michael Favrod said it was the first robbery at the casino Masked men have stormed a packed casino near the Swiss border city of Basle, making off with hundreds of thousands of francs, prosecutors say. About 10 raiders pulled up at the Grand Casino in two cars just after 0400 (0200 GMT) and smashed their way in, brandishing machine-guns and pistols. The French-speaking gang ordered the 600 guests and employees to the floor while they emptied registers. The Grand Casino describes itself as the "Swiss Las Vegas" on its website. Reports say they could not get into the strong room despite firing on the door. Nobody was seriously injured in the robbery. The gang escaped in their cars, described as silver Audis with French licence plates, in the direction of France. Basle lies on the Swiss border, with French territory just 200m from the casino. Sunday's robbery has echoes of a raid on 6 March on a poker tournament at a hotel in central Berlin in which attackers armed with a pistol and a machete made off with 240,000 euros (£210,000) in jackpot money. German authorities say they have arrested five suspects over that raid. 'Hit and kicked' The prosecutor's office in Basle said in a statement that, although several shots had been fired by the robbers, no-one was injured by them. "However, several guests and a member of the security staff were slightly hurt after being hit and kicked by the offenders," it added. When the gang pulled up at the casino, one smashed the door with a sledgehammer and others ran in carrying machine-guns and pistols. The raiders are said to have escaped into France After the robbery, they fled at high speed in their cars across the border along the Flughafenstrasse (airport road), the prosecutors said. "How the offenders managed to leave Flughafenstrasse, which is in French territory, is a matter of investigations, which are being undertaken together with French authorities," they added. "The hunt for the perpetrators has so far been unsuccessful." Police were quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency that a woman who accidentally drove between the two getaway cars, blocking the casino's exit, was pulled from their vehicle and beaten. It was possible, they said, that the men fired a shot at another car during their escape. Located three minutes from the EuroAirport Basle and five minutes from Basel city centre, the casino boasts more than 357 slot machines, 15 gambling tables, four bars and two restaurants. Managing director Michael Favrod said it was the first robbery at the casino. "One can practise such a situation but when such a situation comes true it's always different," they said. "Fortunately, nobody has been hurt."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yet another White House petition is floating around the internet, this time in favor of naming an American warship the USS The Deplorables.
In what was -in all likelihood- a “kinda, not really” joke gone wrong, the petition has garnered
5,916 signatures as of mid-morning on Thursday, with 94,084 signatures left to go between now and January 3, 2017.
Created by an individual known only as “D.S.,” the alleged purpose of the petition is “To honor those citizens who rose up to defend America and The Constitution from the globalists”- a likely jab at failed presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton, who lost the electoral college vote and has since largely faded from the public eye.
The proposed ship moniker is a nod to Clinton's controversial remark during their campaign, referring to Trump supporters as a “basket of deplorables.”
“You know, just to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables,” Clinton said in September. “The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic- you name it. And, unfortunately, there are people like that. And they have lifted them up.”
While the term was originally coined as offensive, Trump supporters later made it their own and began marketing it as a badge of honor.
Naval Historical Foundation programs director David Winkler said they were puzzled by the request.
“My gut reaction when I heard about this was, ‘Would you like to be a sailor deployed on a ship called the USS The Deplorables?'” Winkler asked. “Do you think someone would really want to say, ‘Look at that ship out there- it's deplorable?'”
Winkler went on to say that current Naval Secretary Ray Mabus would not likely be on board.
“There's been some controversy in the past with names having some political undertones,” Winkler told Fox News. “Mabus is trying to reach out to different groups of people with their choices, but naming a ship ‘Deplorable' is not the way to do that.”
In the unlikely event the name USS Deplorables passes muster, it would likely -and unfortunately- be one of the Littoral Combat Ships (LCS) currently on the production rosters, which have made bad press over the past year for being plagued with mechanical/structural issues that have caused excessive leaks and breakdowns.
© 2016 Bright Mountain Media, Inc.
All rights reserved. The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. which may be contacted at info@brightmountainmedia.com, ticker BMTM.
Today, Toyota announced that it has hired Gill Pratt to drive its autonomous car research. Pratt is best known in this field for their work at DARPA and MIT, including starting the Robotics Challenge. The company is also investing $50 million in the research over the next five years as well as partnering with MIT and Stanford.
Pratt has spent the past five years with DARPA, and laid out what's important for Toyota at an event in Palo Alto today: “Our long-term goal is to make a car that is never responsible for a crash.”
Pratt will serve as Toyota's “Executive Technical Advisor” on the research.
This all sounds similar to what Google is up to, but Toyota says it's not in the business of building a self-driving car. Yet.
On joining Toyota, Dr. Pratt said:
It became clear to me that this was the place to have the greatest impact of applying the technology that I've been working on for the last few decades, both in my academic career and at DARPA, to really improve the human condition.
The more the merrier. We want our self-driving cars. If Toyota is as committed to self-driving tech as they are putting a zillion Priuses on the road, then we're set.
The BBC is reporting today that Microsoft has swiftly removed a bunch of code labelled 0xB16B00B5 which can be read, I guess, as 'Big Boobs'. It's the second embarrassment of its kind in as many months for Microsoft. Last months Azure Norwegian developer conference culminated in an interesting dance routine which led to a sheepish apology from Redmond:
This week's Norwegian Developer's Conference included a skit that involved inappropriate and offensive elements and vulgar language. We apologize to our customers and our partners and are actively looking into the matter.
Microsoft runs a comprehensive diversity programme and it has never been afraid to take its leadership to the barricades on such issues of social justice, so I'm not sure this is altogether a fair comment on Microsoft in particular. I suspect it's rather a sign of a more endemic problem throughout the industry. Matthew Garrett of Redhat writing in their blog said:
At the most basic level it's just straightforward childish humour, and the use of vaguely-English strings in magic hex constants is hardly uncommon. But it's also specifically male childish humour. Puerile sniggering at breasts contributes to the continuing impression that software development is a boys club where girls aren't welcome. It's especially irritating in this case because Azure may depend on this constant, so changing it will break things.
But what about the business case for diversity? Can we really afford to alienate 50% of the workforce? In a thoughtful piece ZDNet's Tom Foremski wrote:
Silicon Valley is running hard to maintain its position as the global innovation engine, against competition with dozens of fast growing innovation centers around the world. Which is why it's puzzling that Silicon Valley has such a large gender gap in key sectors such as angels, VCs, entrepreneurs, engineers, and in senior executive roles. Why isn't Silicon Valley using all of its people?
A cursory look at the numbers overall makes grim reading. From a paper published by the Anita Borg Institute, Minorities and High Tech Employment:
Focusing on gender alone here are the stats from the major tech leaders, many of whom are corporate partners of the Anita Borg Institute - an organisation dedicated to the advancement of women in tech, who at least are prepared to be transparent:
Most concerning of all is the long list of tech leaders who are not yet prepared to publish any performance data at all. Without evidence and transparency are women and minorities just supposed to trust that they will be welcomed and supported upon recruitment?
Among those not yet disclosing: Apple, Adobe, Amazon, Applied Materials, Broadcom, Brocade, CA*, Facebook, Google, Intuit, JDSU, Juniper, Marvell, NetApp, Neustar, Salesforce, Thought Works, Yahoo!, LinkedIn.
*CA does disclose women at executive level which is currently 8% and perhaps the most comical explanation for non disclosure comes from Google in 2010 when it then claimed the race and gender composition of its workforce is a trade secret.
In a week when Marissa Mayer joins the growing ranks of women in top tech jobs, the numbers (and lack thereof) beg the question of whether the success of Mayer, Whitman & Rometti represent the exception rather than the rule for women in tech.
Updated with VC data:
At the start up end of the industry things don't look much better. CB Insights research of 160 funded start ups from January to June 2010 show the same depressing trend. However, one proof point perhaps for the business case for diversity is that mixed gender start up teams are attracting more funding.
And lest we think that the problem is completely universal and therefore immutable consider the statistics from Massachusetts which together with California and New York make up the big three states for VC funding. Of the 16 start ups funded in the period January to June 2010, 31% were all women founders. Compare this ratio to just 3% each in New York and California over the same period.
Referring to the recent Kleiner, Perkins, Caulfied and Byers sexual harassment lawsuit Tom Foremski came up with an ingenious mitigation idea that could just be the start of a tide turning:
I have a great suggestion for a new VC fund from Kleiner Perkins: the $100 million Triple 'F' Fund- "The Female Founders Fund - Investing in all our people." It can't hurt KP's reputation beyond what's already done, and the fund would probably do very well.
How about it?
Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer is recovering after allegedly being attacked by a teenager over the weekend in Kentucky, but details of the fight and what provoked it remain unclear.
Police said Thursday they arrested 18-year-old Kanissa'a Thompson and charged them with second-degree assault in the altercation, which occurred early Sunday at a facility called Red Barn Event Rental, the Lexington Herald-Leader reported. The facility near Colombia, Ky., is used to host various events, from wedding receptions to class reunions.
WYMT-TV reports Meyer was injured badly enough that they were treated at a local hospital and released. The severity of the charge indicates that the victim was seriously injured, a State Police spokesperson told the Herald-Leader.
Meyer was awarded the Medal of Honor last year for their actions in Afghanistan.  They are credited with saving 13 American and 23 Afghan soldiers' lives in a grueling 2009 firefight.
A then-21-year-old Meyer defied orders by charging five times in a Humvee into heavy gunfire and provided cover for their team, allowing many to escape likely death. They killed at least eight Taliban insurgents.
Meyer also found themselves in the center of a controversy last year, filing a lawsuit against a former employer over claims that they are mentally unstable and a problem drinker.
Their lawsuit claims that defense contractor BAE Systems retaliated against them for objecting to the company's sale of high-tech sniper scopes to the Pakistani military. Meyer claims a manager at the British company said they were "mentally unstable" and had a "problem related to drinking in a social setting," according to the lawsuit.
State police didn't release details of the incident in Kentucky, but the owner of Red Barn told the Herald-Leader that they had rented it to a woman who seemed to have been a student at a nearby college for a private event.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A new, more detailed look at the star AU Microscopii has revealed some baffling behavior. The star was first discovered from a ground-based telescope back in the 1980s, before images from the Hubble Space Telescope showed that it was orbited by a debris disk. Some new images bring an unprecedented level of detail to the system—even more than Hubble, despite being another ground-based observation.
Previous observations of Microscopii's debris disk, which is thought to be the remains of planet-forming material, discovered a peculiar series of variations in the intensity of the light passing through that disk. These variations were thought to be structures, clumps of stuff, all on one side of the disk as seen from Earth.
This unusual structure inspired a lot of interest in the system, as it raised suspicion that there might be planets there, perturbing the clumps. It became one of the first targets of the new SPHERE instrument on the Very Large Telescope (VLT). SPHERE specializes in high-contrast imaging, allowing the VLT to point toward a bright star and block out most of its light, revealing a more detailed view of the environment near the star.
“It is very satisfying that SPHERE has proved to be very capable at studying discs like this in its first year of operation,” said Jean-Luc Beuzit, a coauthor of the study who also led the development of SPHERE.
The new observations detected the same structure, more clearly delineating its components. There are five clumps of material, labeled A through E by the researchers, which lie at distances of about 10 to 60 astronomical units (Earth-Sun distances) from Microscopii. And they look nothing like anything that's been seen, or even predicted, before in this kind of system.
“Our observations have shown something unexpected,” explained Anthony Boccaletti, LESIA (Observatoire de Paris/CNRS/UPMC/Paris-Diderot), France, and the paper's lead author. “The images from SPHERE show a set of unexplained features in the disc which have an arch-like, or wave-like, structure, unlike anything that has ever been observed before.”
The earlier observations, not being as detailed, missed some of the clumps that were the closest to the star and those that were the farthest, and thus only captured the range from about 20-40 AU from Microscopii.
The researchers went back and reanalyzed the data from Hubble and discovered that the clumps have moved over the past few years, and at a rapid pace: about four to ten kilometers per second.
That speed seems to increase with distance from the star. The farthest clumps, D and E, seem to be moving fast enough to escape Microscopii's gravity, although their velocities aren't very certain. This might indicate that they're being blown out to interstellar space. C also might be exceeding escape velocity, though this is even less certain.
Material being blown out of a star system isn't entirely unexpected. Stars produce a constant stream of charged particles, known as the stellar wind, that can push dust and other particles away over time. What's unexpected is the way it's happening in Microscopii. Stellar wind should push each particle of dust at about the same rate, creating a smooth continuum of dust moving away. Here, we're seeing discrete clumps moving in a coherent pattern.
The researchers discuss a few possible explanations for this strange behavior, such as massive (but rare) asteroid-like bodies colliding and releasing dust, as well as spiral waves triggered by instabilities in the system's gravity.
One explanation has the star itself directly involved, as coauthor Glenn Schneider of Steward Observatory explains: “One explanation for the strange structure links them to the star's flares. AU Mic is a star with high flaring activity—it often lets off huge and sudden bursts of energy from on or near its surface. One of these flares could perhaps have triggered something on one of the planets—if there are planets—like a violent stripping of material which could now be propagating through the disc, propelled by the flare's force.”
But none of these explanations are completely solid or satisfying, so what's left is a mystery. As the researchers explain in their paper: “the distinct morphology of the features, their high apparent speeds incompatible with low-eccentricity orbits, and their spatial localization on only one side of the disk are at odds with most scenarios.”
The hunt is on to find answers to this conundrum. The Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) may shed some light on the situation by getting a better estimate of how much gas is left in the system; monitoring of flares from the star may reveal whether coronal mass ejections are linked to the clumps; and finally, hydrogen-alpha differential imaging may reveal traces of any planets in the system. And finally, SPHERE will continue to study the system, looking for more clues.
For the time being, we're left to wonder.
Nature, 2015. DOI: doi: 10.1038/nature15705 (About DOIs)
Fed up with being excluded from the debates and otherwise marginalized, former Senator Mike Gravel of Alaska announced today that they will seek the Libertarian Party nomination for president.
That's right, we said Mike Gravel, who had been running as a Democrat – not Representative Ron Paul, who has run on the Libertarian ticket in the past, but recently submitted their name to appear on the ballot in the remaining Republican primary contests.
Skyler McKinley, a Gravel spokesperson, said that Mr. Gravel would try to pursue the Libertarian nomination at the party's convention, which will be held in Denver on May 22-26.
“Whether or not some of our delegates will accept Mike Gravel with some of their positions, that has yet to be seen,” said Andrew Davis, a spokesperson for the Libertarian National Committee, adding that Mr. Gravel's advocacy of universal health care, paid for with a national retail sales tax, could turn off some Libertarians. Also, there are already about 15 candidates vying for the nomination.
From Mr. Gravel's e-mail message to supporters this morning:
Twenty-five years is a long time. The decades keep rockin' and rollin' by - first one, then the next, then, finally, half of the next. Has it really been a full quarter-century since This is Spinal Tap, when the world saw a decent, hard -working, hard-rocking band depicted as a full-stop laughing stock?
First, some facts: many nights on the road, even during that now-famous American tour, we found our way to the stage just fine, no problem. Many witnesses. Next, when Tap played Royal Albert Hall in '93, the Stonehenge was too big to fit in the venue. So, it's hard to get these things exactly right. It's trial and error, isn't it?
And isn't that true of life itself? Being in a band that has had to outlive its notoriety to get a chance at fame has produced plenty of both trials and errors. My first divorce trial, for example. And who would have known, 25 years ago, that being in one of England's loudest bands, and standing next to a succession of England's loudest drummers, would result in severe high-frequency hearing loss? Obviously, not me.
So here we stand, on the threshold of the precipice of our next quarter-century. David [St. Hubbins], Nigel [Tufnel] and I still believe in the same things: rockin' the world extra hard, getting a slice of the gold ring, and professional management. No doubt, a remarkably wide range of trashy souvenirs - hastily printed shirts, grotesquely designed "action figures" - will flood the marketplace this year. At least, I hope so. There may well be "now it can be told"-type exposés of our lifestyles - David's womanising, Nigel's ferret fetish, my interest in rare first editions of certain photo magazines. We're open to offers.
Of course, in this economy, when so many people are being rendered as redundant as hard rock in the hip-hop years, we won't be staging large, OTT tours of the UK, the US, and the U-everywhere else. But there will be tribute productions. Three Yanks - Mssrs. Guest, McKean, and Shearer - are rumoured to be preparing acoustic shows that will include Tap songs among other, less powerful, selections. Where they will be, so will we, at least in spirit, if not in royalties.
Spinal tap: A history
1967 Debut album Spinal Tap Sings '(Listen to the) Flower People' and Other Favourites released.
1978 Appear on ABC comedy show.
2 March 1984 Release documentary This is Spinal Tap.
1992 Reunite for new album Break Like the Wind.
2007 Back again for Live Earth gig.
2009 Reveal new recording plans.
An emergency drop out of supercruise, failing to interdict another ship, or the end of a successful interdiction (for both ships) all cause a long "cool down" period for your FSD. There is an FSD cooldown timer that appears below your fuel gauge and cargo scoop indicator.
Submitting to an interdiction results in a substantially shorter cool down period.
Being within 3km of a ship that has a higher mass lock factor than your own will slow down your supercruise charge rate. The mass lock factor is loosely related to the base mass of the ship, but it's really just a fixed property of each type of ship. I think if there is a large difference the supercruise charge time is slowed down more than if it's a small difference.
The system jump mode of your Frame Shift Drive overcomes that mass lock. That is, jumping into supercruise mode will be blocked by a large ship nearby, but jumping to a nearby system will not be blocked by that large ship.
If you're being interdicted, and can't win the interdiction, it's best to set your throttle to 0 to "submit" to the interdiction, so that your FSD cooldown time is minimized. If the other ship is larger than you, and you're not able to get 3km away from them by the time your FSD cooldown is finished, you can overcome the masslock factor entirely by jumping to another system.
If you do get into supercruise (instead of jumping to another system), it's likely that the ship that interdicted you will be right behind you and will interdict you again. If you jump to another system entirely, they will have to have a wake scanner and take (at least) 10 seconds scanning that wake in order to follow you, which is the enough time for you to jump to a third system or to drop out of SC. It's extremely rare for NPCs or players to follow to a second system.
They were once celebrated as the "Climate Chancellor" and seen as an important campaigner for the environment on the international political stage. Now it appears that it is Angela Merkel, of all people, who is dealing a death blow to international climate deals -- by navigating a shortsighted course within the European Union.
On the first day of the EU summit meeting, with bloc leaders gathered in Brussels, Merkel adopted a stance which enraged environmentalists. The EU, Merkel was quoted as saying, should not be overly hasty in offering financial aid to developing countries for climate-related projects and should wait on China and the US. Concrete pledges should not be made, they said.
What does this mean? A big dispute about money is looming at December's climate summit in Copenhagen. The poorer countries, led by China, are demanding sizable CO2 reductions from Western states. They base their demand on the fact that the West is historically to blame for pumping the largest proportion of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. But the richer countries, led by the US, reply that the CO2 emissions from highly populated countries like China and India are rising dramatically -- meaning that it is they are responsible for future emissions.
Environmental strategists like Yvo de Boer, who heads the UN Climate Convention and Achim Steiner, head of the UN's Environment Program, see only one way to overcome this impasse: Extensive financial aid from the West.
Such funds should help to cover the additional costs of setting up renewable energy forms, more efficient technologies and green infrastructures in developing countries. Only in that way can it be guaranteed that the most environmentally nondestructive technologies are implemented globally, to put a halt on catastrophic climate change, its advocates say. The talk is of 20 billion ($30 billion) starting immediately, then 50 billion from 2016 and 100 billion annually from 2020. This extra burden should be covered by the US, the EU and Japan.
'Sorry, Kids, We've Spent all our Money on the Banks'
Merkel's decision to block a concrete financial pledge will not exactly boost enthusiasm in other parts of the world -- rather it will dampen it. When delays are created by the Europeans, who always pride themselves on being frontrunners in climate protection, then the US and China can get away with not making any progress.
The Copenhagen summit in December, on which scientists and environmental activists are placing their hopes, is at risk of collapse due to mutual blocking on the part of both rich and poorer countries. A failure could set global climate protection efforts back by years.
Should the EU now follow Merkel's lead, then they will have played a prominent role in that setback. If the EU refuses to agree on concrete financial pledges, it will strengthen the impression that the West isn't prepared to seriously address climate protection.
The chancellor may be exhausted from negotiations in Berlin over their new coalition government, in which every single euro has been haggled over. They may also be scratching their head over where to find the billions of euros that they need to finance the tax-cut programs insisted on by their junior coalition partner, the business-friendly Free Democratic Party (FDP). And they may still be dizzy from the enormous economic aid packages they had to finance in the past year to save banks and major businesses. But now there is no money left to save the planet? Do they really want to wait until this perfidious poker match gets to the very last second before naming a figure for climate aid in order to save as much as they can -- saving at the cost of keeping the planet inhabitable?
Sorry kids, we've plunged all of our money into the banks and you can now sweat to pay the debt back -- is that Merkel's message for the next generation?
The new coalition government of the conservatives and the FDP has just presented its policy plan for the next four years -- and it certainly contains some good news for the planet. The government wants to reduce emissions by 80 percent by 2050, it wants to expand subsidy programs for renewable energies -- but none of that will help if we are unable to come to a global agreement to stop the emissions of greenhouse gases.
Merkel Has Opportunity to Trump Obama as a 'Citizen of the World'
Merkel is presented with the unique opportunity of demonstrating to US President Barack Obama just how political eminence works. They could demonstrate to their trans-Atlantic colleague just how one transcends domestic sensibilities to make decisions that may not be immediately popular back home. Merkel has the chance to do something that would be beneficial for all humankind -- but which would especially help those in poor countries which will suffer considerably from global warming in the future.
When Obama visited Berlin in 2008 during their campaign, they said they were a "citizen of the world." But the issue of global warming has so far been largely absent from their foreign policy. Under pressure from domestic oil, coal and automobile lobbies, America's already moderate CO2 emissions reductions goal have been further watered down. In the ongoing international debate about climate change, the US still is not playing a productive role. To be sure, Obama has put together the environmental dream team with a Nobel laureate as energy secretary and one of the co-discoverers of global warming as an advisor. They also included billions in aid to renewable energies as part of their country's economic stimulus package. But as a citizen of the world, they have to do their part to ensure that the rest of the world begins charting a greener course. The world needs the US to take a leading role in combating global warming. So far, though, America has failed to do so.
Next week, Chancellor Merkel will be in Washington. They have been granted the rare honor of speaking to a joint session of Congress. It would be the ideal moment to say: "President Obama, Europe is making 40 billion available to finance climate projects in the developing world. We in Europe are going to reduce our CO2 emissions by 30 percent by 2020 relative to 1990 levels."
"Are you Americans citizens of the world as we are? Or are you going to leave this planet's children in the lurch?"
You are one human (at least, I'm going to assume you're a human, no aliens allowed) out of over 7 billion, on a planet out of billions, in a galaxy out of millions, in a Universe. That makes you rather small. What if there's more than one Universe? That's bound to make you utterly insignificant compared to the scale of the Universe, or possible Universes. This is what we usually refer to as the Multiverse.
The Multiverse (meta-universe/metaverse) is the hypotheical set of multiple possible universes. We tend to assume that if there is more than one Universe, they'd be just like us, with the same physical laws. There is said to be various universes within the multiverse that are called parallel universes.
You may have only heard about Multiverses in Science-Fiction and Fantasy litterature or films, however, it's a common fact that science fiction often becomes science fact! Multiverses have been hypothesized in astronomy, religion, cosmology, physics, philosophy and transpersonal psychology. Therefor, there are many different theories of how they would be. Mentioning only a few:
An infinite Universe: This theory proposes that there are an infinite amount of Universes, containing an infinite number of Hubble volumes (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubble_volume), all having the same physical laws.
Chaotic inflation theory: The Multiverse is seen as a whole that is forever stretching, however, some regions of space stop stretching and form bubbles. You can think of it as gas pockets in a loaf of rising bread (apart from the fact that we don't get bread that stretches forever, that'd be a bit scary). These bubbles are embryonic level 1 multiverses.
Picture above: Every disk is a bubble Universe (Universe 1 to Universe 6 are different bubbles, they have physically constants that are different from our Universe).
The cycle theory: An infinite amount of Big Bang crushes. The big bang never ending. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclic_model)
Great 10-minute video on the Multiverse with Dr. Michio Kaku explaining:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZiROWO6iVs
The theory that is mentioned in the video, that we live in a soap bubble among other soap bubbles is being tested by physicists. They are currently searching for disk-like patterns in the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation. Relic heat radiation left over from the Big Bang could provide evidence of collisions between other universes and our own. However, physicists needed to be sure whether the patterns were the results of collisions or random patterns in noisy data.
A team of cosmologists based at University College London, Imperial College London and the Perimeter Institute for Theoreotical physical are trying to solve this problem and think they have tackled it. The team ran simulations of what the sky would look like without cosmic collisions and developed an algorithm (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithm) to determine which fit better with the wealth of CMB data from NASA's Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe.
Stephen Feeney (PhD student at UCL) created the powerful computer algorithm to search for the tell-tale signatures of collisions between bubbles universes and said: “The work represents an opportunity to test a theory that is truly mind-blowing: that we exist within a vast multiverse, where other universes are constantly popping into existence.”
Now with the team's algorithm, which is much harder to fool when it comes to telling the difference between universe collisions and random noisy data.
This theory has received a lot of criticism for being “unrealistic”. However, they tend to forget about the fact that humans got executed for saying their thoughts out loud on possible extraterrestrial life or perhaps going against the theory of the Earth being the center of the Universe.
Sources:
http://www.zeitnews.org/space-science/first-observational-test-of-the-multiverse.html
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39qmbl7mpJQ
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiverse
Some scholars believe that memories of real disasters, such as the violent and unpredictable floods that occurred along Mesopotamia's Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, underlie mythological accounts of catastrophic rains and inundations. These stories give meaning and purpose to events in the natural world. In myths, floods become part of a cycle of destruction and rebirth.
Small wonder, then, that flood myths occur in cultures around the world. One of the most common tells of a great flood that occurred in the distant past. The biblical story of Noah and the ark they built to save certain people and animals from the flood is just one version of a much older myth from Mesopotamia * . Similar stories appear wherever people have experienced floods.
Floods are among the most powerful and devastating of natural events. Long after the water has subsided, people remember and talk about the loss and destruction. Moreover, the scale of devastation is often so great as to convince people that the flooding is the work of supernatural beings.
In some traditions, a flood reproduces the original mythological conditions of creation—the formless, empty expanse out of which the world was created. The inundation not only destroys the old world but also sets the stage for a brand new one. In myths in which the flood was sent to punish people for their sins, the new world that follows the flood is purified. The religious ritual of baptism reenacts the flood myth on an individual level. The baptismal water is believed to wash away sins, allowing people to be reborn in a purified state. In India, Hindus bathe in the sacred Ganges River to purify themselves. According to many myths of the great flood, a few virtuous individuals survived the inundation, perhaps with the help or advice of a friendly deity. Those survivors repopulated the world, becoming the parents of the present human race. In this way, flood myths are often myths of human origins as well.
Mythological floods are not local. They take place on a cosmic scale, generally covering the whole world. Though the direct cause of the rising waters may be heavy rainfall, gods or other supernatural beings are responsible. Often the flood is sent as punishment for the wrongdoings of humankind.
Flood Myths
Although the details of the stories differ, flood myths from around the world have many similarities. The themes of punishment, survival, and rebirth or renewal occur frequently.
deity god or goddess
Ancient Near East. The basic flood myth of the ancient Near East, in which the flood was sent as a divine punishment, originated among the Sumerian cities in southern Mesopotamia. Over a period of several thousand years, the Babylonians, the Hebrews, and other civilizations developed their own versions.
* See Names and Places at the end of this volume for further information.
The Sumerian myth tells how the human race, which the gods had created to do their work, became so numerous and noisy that the god Enlil sent a flood to destroy it. However, another god, Enki, wanted to save King Ziusudra (King Atrahasis in some versions). Forbidden by Enlil to warn the king, Enki spoke to the king's reed house. The king overheard the warning, built a boat, and saved their family and a collection of animals.
The Babylonian version of the flood myth appears in the Epic of Gilgamesh. In this account, the survivor is a man called Utnapishtim. Warned of the flood by a dream in which they heard a god whispering to their reed house, Utnapishtim built a boat, took aboard their family and a selection of craftspeople and animals, and rode out a terrible storm that raged for six days and six nights. Finally the boat landed on a mountaintop, the only land above the flood. Utnapishtim and their wife become immortal as a reward for following the advice of the god in the dream.
The Hebrew version of the story, told in the book of Genesis in the Bible, places greater emphasis on the sinfulness of humankind. The flood was not a cruel whim or mistake of the gods but a deliberate punishment. Like Utnapishtim, Noah was a good man who received a warning and instructions to build a boat. They and their family, and two of every sort of living thing, survived the flood and landed upon the peak of Mount Ararat.
Egypt. The Egyptian flood myth begins with the sun god Ra, who feared that people were going to overthrow him. They sent the goddess Hathor, who was their eye, to punish the people. But they killed so many that their blood, flowing into the Nile River and the ocean, caused a flood. Hathor greedily drank the bloody water. Feeling that things had gone too far, Ra ordered slaves to make a lake of beer, dyed red to look like blood. Hathor drank the beer, became very drunk, and failed to finish the task of wiping out humanity. The survivors of their bloodbath started the human race anew.
Ancient Greece. The Greek flood myth says that Zeus, father of the gods, sent a mighty inundation to destroy the human race. Some versions say that Zeus was angry at the Titan Prometheus * for stealing the gift of fire from the gods and giving it to people. Others say that the flood was punishment for human sinfulness. Prometheus warned their son Deucalion to escape the flood by building a boat. Deucalion and their wife survived, and when the flood waters retreated, they were the only humans left on earth. The couple began the race of people who inhabit the world today. The story of the flood, along with many other Greek myths, appears in the Metamorphoses * by the Roman poet Ovid.
immortal able to live forever Titan one of a family of giants who ruled the earth until overthrown by the Greek gods of Olympus
China. For thousands of years, the Chinese people have suffered from the flooding of the two great rivers that flow through their land, the Chang Jiang (Yangtze) and the Huang They (Yellow) Rivers. Taming the rivers was one of the chief goals of early Chinese civilization. The story of Yu, one of several Chinese flood myths, celebrates a victory in the long struggle against floods.
In the myth, a man named Gun tried for nine years to dam the destructive waters that covered the land. Because they failed, the supreme god executed him. Gun's son, Yu, took up the task of taming the waters. Instead of building a dam, they decided to drain away the floodwaters through channels. A winged dragon flew in front of him, marking with their tail where Yu should dig the channels. Yu worked for many years, too busy even to see their family. In the end, however, they tamed the rivers, making the land along them suitable for farming. As their reward, Yu became emperor of China.
India. The flood legend of India begins with a creator god named Manu washing themselves with water from a jar. A fish in the jar asked for Manu's protection and promised to save them from a great flood that would occur in the future. Manu raised the fish until it was one of the largest fish in the world, and then they released it into the sea. The fish told Manu what year the flood would come and advised them to build a ship. Manu built the ship, and when the flood came, the fish towed it to a mountaintop. Manu alone survived the flood. The fish is generally identified as one form of the god Vishnu * .
Native America. In many Native American myths, floods occur as punishment for human misdeeds. The Chiricahua Apache maintain that the Great Spirit sent a flood to drown the whole earth because people did not worship him. According to the Navajo, a series of floods forced the people to emerge from deep in the earth through several higher worlds. The final flood was caused by Water Monster, who became angry when Coyote stole their child. This flood, which drove the people to the surface of the present world, ended when Coyote returned the Water Monster's baby. The Cheyenne say that the gods use floodwaters to control people's movements.
Floods also have positive powers. In myths of the Arikara and Caddo people, floods wipe out evil giants and make the world safe for humans. Several Indian mythologies in Mexico and the American West tell of cycles of destruction in which one whole world creation was destroyed by flood, while others ended in fire, ice, wind, or other disasters. The Aztecs believed that the first age of creation ended in a flood. In the Mayan creation story, a flood washes away the wooden people made by the gods in an early attempt to create human beings.
Australia. Several groups among the Aborigines, the native people of Australia, believe that a vast flood swept away a previous society. Perhaps these myths grew out of conditions at the end of the last Ice Age, when sea levels rose and coastal regions flooded.
The Thunder God and the Gourd The Yao people of southern China have a myth that tells how the thunder god caused a great flood. A man captured the god to stop the rains, but the god convinced the man's son and daughter to set them free, and the flooding resumed. The man built a boat and floated to heaven to ask the other gods to help. They were too helpful. The water god drained the flood away so rapidly that the boat crashed to earth, killing the man. Their children, meanwhile, were the only survivors of the flood. They floated on the water in a large gourd that grew from a tooth the thunder god had given them. They became the parents of a new human race.
One group of Aborigines says that their ancestral heroes, the Wandjina, caused the flood and then re-created society in its present form. Another version of the myth tells that a huge half-human
* See Names and Places at the end of this volume for further information.
snake called Yurlunggur brought on the flood to punish two sisters for sexual misbehavior, that is, for breaking tribal rules concerning proper partners. Yurlunggur swallowed the sisters, but after the floodwaters withdrew, they spat them out and allowed them to start a new society.
Throughout the campaign, Donald Trump's supporters told voters that Trump would make an excellent White House occupant because they would run the executive branch like a business. Mitt Romney made the same case in 2012 – they would bring their entrepreneurial expertise to bear as president. Normally, Americans understand that running the White House as a business means cutting waste, firing the bad actors, acting with efficiency.
But there's another side to business – or at least family business. Family businesses often mean cutting corners in favor of family or taking advantage of opportunities presented without regard to principle. Family businesses are not always run like Bain Capital. They're sometimes run like Trump Inc. or Clinton Inc., benefitting family even if it means bending or breaking the rules.
Here's what that would mean.
Crossover Between Government And Business. Republicans were rightly outraged at the incestuous relationship between the Clinton Foundation and the Hillary Clinton State Department – so much so that we said it should disqualify them for the presidency. But Donald Trump has not placed their business in a blind trust; their kids continue to run it. Meanwhile, here are some events from the last week: Trump met with Indian business partners building Trump-brand apartments; Ivanka Trump secretly went to a meeting between Trump and the prime minister of Japan; the Washington Post reported that Trump Hotel in DC invited reps from local embassies post-election “to encourage them to use it when leaders from their countries visited Washington.”
Use Of Government Dollars For Personal Profit. Trump was a fan of eminent domain and public-private partnerships in their business career. Trump has been heavily promoting the Old Post Office building in Washington D.C.; according to BuzzFeed, FOIA documents show that “Trump gave three of their children – Ivanka, Donald Jr., and Eric, all of whom spoke at the Republican National Convention – more than 22 percent of the federal project, though they apparently invested no money of their own. The stakes were allocated through separate companies bearing each of the children's names, and the document indicates that those companies did not invest money.” Now Trump is talking about trillion dollar infrastructure projects.
Hiring From Family. Family businesses are known for giving old Uncle Bob a job when you need to help them out. Trump has staffed up their entire company with their children – and now he's looking to make them integral parts of the administration. Imagine if Hillary had been elected and immediately began using Chelsea as one of their top advisors. Most Republicans bucked at the very notion of another Bush in the White House, even one who had been a governor.
Racking Up Debt. Family businesses often rack up unsustainable debt in order to pay the bills. The Trump companies have been no exception – Trump themselves freely admits that they love leveraging debt. Their take on government seems to be exactly the same: he's not interested in reining in spending, opposes any changes to entitlement programs, and their chief advisor openly compares their upcoming tenure to the “excitement” of the 1930s.
So, the question isn't whether Trump will run the government like a business. It's whether he'll run it like one of their businesses. If they do, that's not necessarily a good thing.
Image copyright AP
The number of recorded sexual offences on trains and at stations has risen 25% to a record level, British Transport Police (BTP) figures suggest.
BTP recorded 1,399 sexual offences in 2014-15 in England, Scotland and Wales - up 282 on the previous year.
Recorded violent crimes also increased - up 8% to 9,149 - but overall crime fell for the 11th year in a row.
The force said the rise in sex crime figures was mainly due to a campaign to encourage reporting of these offences.
Project Guardian launched in 2013 with the aim of reducing sexual assault and unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport in London, after a survey suggested that 90% of such attacks went unreported.
'I was sexually assaulted on the Tube'
Ellie Cosgrave was sexually assaulted whilst travelling on the Tube.
"It was an extremely packed Tube carriage...it was a really confusing situation. I wasn't really capable of moving away," they told the BBC.
Click here to listen to their interview on Radio 5 live.
Officers in uniform and colleagues in plain clothes were deployed to patrol London's transport network to identify offenders and prevent crime.
That led to a campaign called "Report It to Stop It" which was launched in April this year to tackle sexual assault on the London Underground.
However, this campaign - accompanied by a video in which a female commuter is increasingly hounded by a persistent male and eventually groped - came after the period in which these annual crime figures were collated.
BTP officers are responsible for policing all railway stations and trains - including the London Underground - in England, Scotland and Wales.
'Concern'
The figures, which cover the 12 months to the end of March, show most of the sexual offences were against women and girls.
Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock called the rise in violent crime a "concern".
"It is worth noting that the chances of being a victim of any crime are small," they said.
"The use of more officers patrolling late-night trains and at peak periods, as well as our extensive CCTV network, is helping to halt this rise."
The figures
Image copyright PA
Comparing 2014-15 with 2013-14:
Total recorded crime fell from 50,839 incidents to 46,688
Sexual offences increased 25% from 1,117 to 1,399
Criminal damage rose 1.9% from 3,298 to 3,361
Theft of passenger property fell 16% from 14,353 to 12,039
Robbery fell 17% from 436 to 358
Fraud offences fell 18% from 457 to 374
Mr Hanstock added: "While it is encouraging to compare our current level of performance to last year and note these improvements, the outcome is even more remarkable when you reflect on the progress made over the last 11 years.
"In that time, vehicle and cycle crime has been driven down by 39%, meaning 4,600 fewer offences, while 19,000 fewer people have been the victim of the theft of property, with crimes of this type down 61%."
The force said a key priority now was to cut train delays caused by incidents such as vandalism and trespass, after police failed to hit last year's target to reduce rail disruption by 6%.
Give your talk to the the best
Talk proposals
The Frozen Rails 2014 call for proposals is now open and will remain so until midnight (Helsinki time) on the 31st of March 2014 (and since everyone reads this is probably a programmer, that's
2014-04-01T00:00:00+03:00 in ISO 8601).
Send your proposal by creating a gist. Please use our proposal template to create your proposal. Use the form below to submit a link to the gist to us.
If you don't want your proposal to be public, you can create a private gist.
Topics
While we don't have a specific theme for talks, here are a few topics we are interested in hearing about:
War stories: What tech did you use and how? Did it work? What did you learn?
Case studies of “alternative” Ruby VMs in production (JRuby, Rubinius, etc…)
Ruby outside of Rails
Web development without Rails
Of course we also welcome talks outside of these suggested topics.
Travel & Accommodation
Frozen Rails will pay for a hotel room for each speaker (for three nights), but we is not financially viable for us to cover flights or other travel costs. Speakers do not need to buy a conference ticket.
We've expanded on this policy and our reasoning behind it in a blog post on the Kisko Labs blog.
Submit a talk
Aldwych Baths (Aldwych Station) by Charlotte Tamplin, Charlotte Marshall, Kate Stevens for Forgotten Spaces
When you pass an abandoned building, a discontinued subway station, or an empty lot, does your mind ever wander and imagine the possibilities with that space? Well, that is exactly what the 2013 Forgotten Spaces Competition in London aimed to do: find creative solutions to “forgotten spaces” around the city. A collaboration between the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA), the Mayor of London, the Royal Town Planning Institute (RTPI), and the Landscape Institute, the competition invites designers to find innovative solutions to regenerate the spaces. The competition asks its competitors these following questions: How would you bring the area under a flyover to life? How could a disused car park be made beautiful? What potential lies in neglected parks, spaces under railways or on our rooftops?
Lost World: A zoo complex in a decommissioned gas holder whose by-products, through anaerobic digestion, cyclically support the site and surroundings.
Showing from October 4th to November 10th at Somerset House, the exhibit features 26 of the best innovative solutions from the competition. In addition to the innovative ideas, the exhibit also shows completed regeneration projects across London.
For those who have not been to Somerset House before, the building itself is a beautifully designed marvel itself. Once you leave the busy, noisy Strand, all sounds disperse, replaced with the sound of the inner courtyard's founding and students chatting over coffee.
Enter the building's South Wing, follow a staircase down to the basement and you will find yourself in a “forgotten space” in Somerset House. Utilizing the hidden passageways and coal holes for the gallery in Somerset House, the walk through the exhibit itself comes a journey and is reflective of the competition's aim to reuse and reinvent spaces.
One of our favorite submissions was the Aquadocks. Repurposing the Silvertown Way Underpath as a swimming pool and spa for the Royal Docks area, visitors can experience this project through its interactive exhibit that washing water reflected light over you as it plays a track of water splashing from children playing in the pool.
Aquadocks, submitted by Heather Lyons, Dara Huang, Soohyun Chang, Ryan Day, Remo de Angelis, Federica Russo, and Lisa Hinderdael
Other submissions include creating a zoo complex from decommissioned gas holders, an urban boardwalk (think The High Line), and the creation of a British Poster Museum. If you are in the London area this November, we highly recommend checking this exhibit out before it closes on the 10th!
In The Canopy (Queen's Park Estate) Mair. Inspired by traditional cherry picking ladders, these elevated chairs within London's trees offer an escape from street level to the forgotten spaces of the tree canopy, to enjoy a different view of the city and reconnect with the child within. By Studio McLeod: Duncan McLeod, Sarah Edwards, Annikki
Posters of Society (Silverton Parkway, London Borough of Newham). The structural concrete columns of the flyover are used to display 1000+ posters chronicling the history of the poster from original advertisements to 21st Century political propaganda. By Gary Nash and Barry Walsh
Silvertown Brewery (Silvertown Way Flyover, London borough of Newham). The project creates a destination out of Silvertown rather than being a place of transit. A microbrewery and bowling venue are introduced, extending London's rapid resurgence into brewing and the world's beer scene. By Chris Allen, Marcus Andren, Michael Gyi
RIBA Forgotten Spaces 2013
Goes until November 10th
Daily 10.00-18.00, until 21.00 on Thursday 7 November
Somerset House, Lightwells & Deadhouse, South Wing
Free admission
Click Here for More Information
abandoned, Forgotten Spaces, Somerset House
Espanyol president Joan Collet has said their club have rejected a bid from Real Madrid for goalkeeper Kiko Casilla.
Madrid are seeking a replacement for club captain Iker Casillas, who is expected to join to Porto, and although Manchester United's David De Gea remains their number one target, it appears Casilla is also on their radar.
Collet ha atendido a los medios. Ha explicado que el #RCDE ha rechazado la única oferta del R. Madrid por K. Casilla. pic.twitter.com/LWVnu7SKAt - RCD ESPANYOL OFICIAL (@RCDEspanyol) July 11, 2015
On Saturday, Espanyol announced on Twitter: "Collet has met the media. They explained that the club has rejected the only bid of K. Casilla by R. Madrid."
Casilla, 28, began their career with Real Madrid's academy, playing for their C and B teams before moving to Espanyol B in 2007.
They have one cap for Spain, having appeared as a substitute in a friendly against Germany last year.
In an industry that is perceived to be exploitative, former porn star Sunny Leone has categorically stated that they joined the adult entertainment business of their own accord.  They are also an astute business person who has been directing and producing their own adult content under their company SunLust Pictures, maintaining complete control over how they want to market herself. I choose to own a production house so I can produce, own, direct and distribute my own content and of others. It was the logical step to take to be successful in the business, they say.
A Google search in 2011 turned the course of their career. That year, the production team at Viacom in Mumbai was scouting for an adult film actor to feature in the fifth season of Bigg Boss, Indias version of the Big Brother franchise.
From the beginning, the makers of the show wanted an adult film actor in the house. But they knew that the audience may not be ready as yet. By the time we were prepping for season five, it was time, says Ujjwala Dutt, one of the producers of the show.
When they found Sunny Leone online, their Indian ethnicity tipped the scales in their favour. While they were unsure about joining the show, there was no denying the opportunity it presented to be introduced to a whole new audience. My husband and manager Daniel Weber and I talked it through and decided it would be a great chance to explore a new entertainment market, they say.
An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later.
Of course this is how it ends.
Dove, friendly soap company and bastion of body-positive marketing, finally goes too far and literally engineers its packing to reflect the women to whom it markets.
"Each bottle evokes the shapes, sizes, curves and edges that combine to make every woman their very own limited edition. They're one of a kind–just like you. But sometimes we all need reminding of that.
Recent research from the Dove Global Beauty and Confidence Report revealed that one in two women feels social media puts pressure on them to look a certain way. Thankfully, many women are fighting with us to spread beauty confidence."
And apparently the best way to make sure women are reminded daily of our special snowflakeness is to turn our soap bottles into literal reminders of our figures. Because bathing isn't just a time to get clean and enjoy a hot shower and some peace, but also to be, you know, empowered. By our soap bottles.
We've reached out to Dove to ask a few of our most burning questions, including:
Will the bottles all contain the same amount of soap?
Do the body-positive cost bottles cost the same as normal ones, or will we pay a premium for our empowerment?
How long will we be able to purchase these limited-edition keepsakes?
Where in the world did this idea come from?
The shade is already starting to roll in.
For a company that has spent years building up a store of good will through their 'Real Beauty' campaigns, we'll have to see whether they have enough in reserve to see them through what could be a major misstep. Or is the benefit of the doubt something that simply doesn't exist for brands today?
Mariah Carey has a sweet, sweet fantasy of a dreamlover — and Nas could be the hero who makes it come true. The recently single "#Beautiful" singer, who separated from husband Nick Cannon in August, is looking to be set up in the wake of their split, and she's hoping the "Nasty" rapper will play matchmaker, a source reveals in the new issue of Us Weekly.
PHOTOS: Nick and Mariah's love story
The pop diva "texted Nas, wondering if they had any friends they could go out with — or even just hook up with," the insider says. "But Nas is nervous to introduce them to anyone."
Carey and the hip-hop star have been friends for years, and even collaborated on the song "Dedicated," the third track on their not-so-successful 2014 album Me. I Am Mariah…The Elusive Chanteuse. Rumors swirled in 2013 that the two were getting a little too close, but Cannon themselves shut them down during an interview with Howard Stern earlier this year.
PHOTOS: Celeb splits in 2014
"[Nas is] a friend of mine, he's a friend of hers," the America's Got Talent host said in April, pre-split. "She went to their birthday party, and I think it was in L.A. We actually talked about this before. It'd be very difficult to make me jealous."
PHOTOS: Mariah's bikini body
For their part, Cannon has found their own wingman in pal Randy Jackson. As revealed in the new issue of Us Weekly, Cannon and the former American Idol judge dined with an unidentified blonde at Beverly Hills hotspot Matsuhisa in late September. "After Randy left," a witness tells Us, Cannon and their female companion "kept chatting and laughing. Nick had a big smile on their face."
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
August 25th 2016
More than 1,000 Deaf and disabled people and their allies have backed Jeremy Corbyn's bid to be re-elected as Labour leader, after signing a letter recognising their years of support for key disability rights campaigns.
The letter was written by the grassroots campaigning network Disabled People Against Cuts, which said it wanted to repay Corbyn – and their deputy John McDonnell – for their past support.
The letter says: “You have supported deaf and disabled people's causes for many, many years.
“You have spoken in Parliament. You have voted against vicious welfare reforms that have blighted our lives, often having to rebel against the Whip to do so.
“You have campaigned with us during court vigils, at street protests and you spoke at the ‘10,000 cuts and counting' memorial for people who had died as a result of welfare reform.”
The letter adds: “During our campaign to save the [Independent Living Fund] when we asked the then Labour Leadership for help and got none, you publicly supported our campaign.”
And it tells Corbyn: “You have supported deaf and disabled people in so many ways over so many years and now it is time for us to have a chance to rally in support of you and John.”
Many of those who signed the letter have added comments of their own.
Disability rights activist David Gillon said: “A return to New Labour is a return to ignoring disabled people.”
Another to sign the letter was the veteran inclusive education campaigner Micheline Mason, who said: “You have also both supported our fight for inclusion, which, as you know, is another word for socialism in practice.
“We will win this struggle together, but thank you so much for keeping the flame of hope burning in dark times.”
Ian Jones, co-founder of the WOW campaign, praised Corbyn's support, which helped secure a parliamentary debate for the WOW petition, and said: “Most Labour MPs ‘talk the talk' about disabled people getting true equality of opportunity in our society. Jeremy ‘walks the walk'.”
Another to sign the letter, Katy Marchant, said: “While the media and parliament has largely ignored the brutal attacks by Tory Austerity on disabled people and the enormous suffering and deaths this has caused, both Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell have steadfastly spoken out and supported us.”
Cornelia Roesskamp said: “You have supported inclusive education when in and out of ‘fashion' because you understand that it is [a] human rights issue fundamentally.”
Janine Booth, a member of the TUC disabled workers' committee, said: “As well as the comments in the letter, I'd like to add that Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell's support for autistic and other neurodivergent people fighting for our rights has been nothing short of outstanding.
“Only a Labour government under their leadership will deliver the radical policy changes that we need after years of Tory austerity and bigotry.”
Mandy Bell said: “As the mother of a disabled child, I believe that Jeremy Corbyn is the ONLY candidate of choice, the only person I would trust my daughter's future to.”
And Geraldine O'Connor said: “I thank you for defending people with disabilities, democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
“You have fought for us, now we will fight for you.”
Meanwhile, Corbyn's opponent, former shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith, claimed in an interview with the Guardian that – if they became prime minister – they would rewrite the eligibility rules for personal independence payment (PIP), scrap the work capability assessment, and move from outsourcing benefits assessments to private firms, such as Atos, Capita and Maximus, to using the NHS and social services to carry out the tests.
But their claims to support disabled people were undermined when a video emerged on the Independent website the following day of them using disablist language to describe Corbyn at a campaign rally.
Smith told the rally: “We've got to get two million people who actually voted Tory 12 months ago to vote Labour, in 106 seats.
“And what you won't have from me is some lunatic at the top of the Labour party, you'll have someone who tries to form a coherent narrative about what's wrong with Britain.”
25 August 2016
Justice project will help DPOs tackle discrimination through the courts
A new user-led project will help disabled people in London use the law to fight for their independent living rights, and combat the discrimination they face from providers of goods and services.
Inclusion London's Disability Justice Project will support disabled people's organisations (DPOs) across the capital to make better use of the Social Care Act, the Equality Act and the Human Rights Act, through information, training sessions and ongoing support.
The project will also build “better, stronger” relationships between DPOs and lawyers with expertise in those areas, and encourage them to look at cases from an equality and human rights perspective and understand the social model of disability and the history of the disabled people's movement.
Svetlana Kotova, the disabled lawyer who has been appointed project coordinator, said Inclusion London hopes the project will help to launch important “strategic” discrimination and human rights cases that will “tackle the most pressing issues that disabled people are facing”.
They said the project came about because DPOs were telling Inclusion London that disabled people were facing discrimination “in all aspects of their lives”.
They said: “We thought it was time to build the capacity of DPOs to ensure they can use the law effectively to advocate for the rights of disabled people.”
The Disability Justice Project will build on the success of Inclusion London's Deaf and Disabled People's Organisations Legal Network, which looks at how DPOs can use case law and legislation in their advice, advocacy, policy and campaigns work, and builds partnerships between lawyers and DPOs.
A key focus of the new project will be the Care Act, which only became law two years ago and “has a lot of good things in there but doesn't necessarily take a rights-based approach to care”, they said.
Kotova said Inclusion London wanted to both ensure the Care Act was implemented properly – there are concerns that local authorities are “not always fulfilling their duties as they should” – and influence that implementation by emphasising the importance of taking account of disabled people's rights.
It comes at a time when local authorities are making further cuts to their social care budgets, which will make it even harder for disabled people to secure the support they need and are entitled to, they said.
The project aims to build the capacity of advocacy workers employed by DPOs in London to provide advice and information, so they can use “strong legal arguments” in their casework when fighting for the rights of disabled people.
Kotova also hopes that DPOs will be able to use the relevant legislation in their campaigns and discussions with local authorities.
They said: “In social care, we definitely know people are finding it much harder to get the right levels of support.
“They increasingly have to battle with local authorities who want to cut their packages.
“We do hear that people are really concerned that their packages are going to be cut. They are expecting this or it is happening.”
The project will also focus on the Equality Act, and its legal protection against providers of goods and services who discriminate against disabled people.
One of the problems in enforcing the Equality Act, they said, is that it is much harder for disabled people to secure legal assistance than for cases taken under the Care Act.
Kotova said the difficulty of enforcing the provisions of the Equality Act was a “huge weakness” of the legislation.
They said: “Even if you are prepared to [take a case to court], it's often really difficult to get legal advice and representation with these cases, so sometimes disabled people are left alone to go to court ourselves and take all the risks.”
They said that Inclusion London was hearing of cases of discrimination in transport, access to buildings and shops, and in securing information in an accessible format, “even from government departments”, and particularly in obtaining information in an easy-read format, which they said was “almost never possible”.
They were particularly surprised to learn, after Inclusion London issued a call for disabled people's experiences of banking services, that there were significant problems in that sector.
They said: “We got a lot of people coming back to us saying how difficult they find it, even though I personally thought banks were a long way ahead with how they try and make their services more accessible for disabled people.
“It tells us that even in areas where we thought things are not that bad, things are actually bad.”
There will be a launch event for the Disability Justice Project in November. Any lawyers or London-based Deaf and disabled people's organisations who would like to attend can email Svetlana Kotova at Svetlana.Kotova@inclusionlondon.org.uk
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is 'not ready' to support their party's presumptive nominee
US House Speaker Paul Ryan has said they cannot currently support Donald Trump as Republican presidential nominee.
Mr Ryan, who is the highest-ranked elected Republican, said: "I'm just not ready to do that at this point. I'm not there right now."
They called for Mr Trump to unite the party and do more to adhere to conservative principles.
An hour later, the New York business person responded by saying: "I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan's agenda."
"Perhaps in the future we can work together," they added.
Mr Trump said they hoped they and Mr Ryan could come to an agreement about what was best for the American people.
"They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first!"
There has been persistent speculation that Mr Ryan, the 2012 vice-presidential nominee alongside Mitt Romney, may make a last-minute run for the top job.
But they have frequently sought to dispel those claims and did so again on Thursday.
In explaining their refusal to back Mr Trump, they said: "I think what a lot of Republicans want to see is that we have a standard bearer that bears our standards."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump rivals take parting shots
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The story of their campaign - in controversial quotes
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Trump's immigration plans have enraged protesters
Analysis - Katty Kay, BBC News, Washington
Paul Ryan is giving Donald Trump a lesson here - you have to unify the party, you've got to tone it down - and inviting them to do so in whatever way they can.
It's like a carrot-and-stick move from Paul Ryan.
He's hoping Trump will listen to this and will realise that if they want to bring the bulk of the Republican party - and Paul Ryan definitely represents quite a lot of Republicans - on board with their candidacy and give them the chance to win the election in November, they will have to do something about their tone and some of the more inflammatory things they have said in this campaign.
In December 2015, Mr Ryan harshly criticised Mr Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US.
They said it was "not what this party stands for and more importantly it's not what this country stands for".
Although several senior Republicans like Mr Romney have already voiced their objection to the nominee, Mr Ryan is the highest ranked to do so.
Former presidents George W Bush and George H W Bush said on Thursday they would not endorse the controversial presumptive nominee.
Both Bushes, plus former nominees Mr Romney and Senator John McCain, have said they will not go to the party convention in July when Mr Trump will be formally confirmed.
Protests have plagued appearances by Mr Trump, with particular focus on their plan to build a wall on the Mexican border and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants.
Top Republicans divided over Trump
Supporting:
New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie
Former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal
Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry
Not supporting:
House Speaker Paul Ryan
Former President George H W Bush
Former President George W Bush
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney
Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse
Yet to comment:
By The Metric Maven
Bulldog Edition
When I was in college, I studied Electrical Engineering. I was told many times that one was no longer to use concatenations of metric prefixes, this was considered very bad practice. What this meant was that one should not use two metric prefixes concurrently to designate values. At that time there were capacitors which were marked micro-micro Farad (μμF). Micro is 10-6 so two of them together would 10-6 *10-6 or 10-12. There is a perfectly good metric prefix called pico to describe this small amount of capacitance. The slang term is puff. So these μμF capacitors should be described as picofarad pF capacitors. This made perfect sense to me. I was surprised that such an ad hoc nomenclature would make it into engineering or be tolerated. When I took my first job, we used a device called a directional coupler to calibrate the power level of measurements. The coupling factor for the directional coupler was shown on a graph which was on an attached metal plate. The coupling was different at different frequencies and the graph was used for correction. The frequency axis of the graph said KiloMegaCycles. I knew this designation was from a long time back as cycles per second had been called Hertz for decades. I found this antique item to be a source of humor for me. Who on earth would write a frequency in Gigahertz (GHz) [109] as (KMHz) [103 *106 = 109]. How on earth did that make sense? What I didn't realize was that the US “do your own thing” anarchy of weights and measures allows, and seemingly promotes this type of designation.
Imperial and US Olde English unit usage have been retained in the metric system, and have never been purged as they should have been. I've spent considerable time expressing my views about the centimeter as a pseudo-inch, (and have condemned the entire prefix cluster around unity), but there is a much more sinister and in-your-face Imperial/US Olde English holdout in the metric system. It is the tonne. The fact that there is an extra n and e should make one think Ye Olde English metric. The designation tonne is actually an approved usage! The tonne is properly called the Megagram or 1,000,000 grams, but when used in a completely feral manner they are known as metric tons—no extra n or e, just pigfish. So what is a metric ton? Well it's 1000 kilograms, or 1 kilokilogram (KKg). It turns out that 1 kilokilogram is close to a short ton (0.907 kilokilograms). A ton is probably derived from a tun which was the weight of a barrel of wine. So why was it so important to taint the metric system with an unnecessary non-metric-metric unit? Had someone been drinking? Worse yet the metric ton is just another way of writing kilokilogram and pretending it isn't poor usage. If I wrote something has a mass of 97 kilokilograms I'll bet most pro-metric people would wrinkle their nose and pitch a small fit, but If I said 97 tonnes or even 97 metric tons, well, only the tinkling of ice in glasses around the metric table would be audible. How about K2g for metric ton?—I'll bet that wouldn't go over well either. So why is tonne or metric ton acceptable in polite company?
This blog was originally to be about Naughtin's Laws and the press. I was curious about how “professional” people talk about large quantities. Well, it turns out that there are many varied and mangled ways that this is done by journalistic denizens of the only country which embraces US Olde English Units. I was curious about the amount of metals produced world-wide, and found a slide presentation with this table:
When my mind encountered the word kilotonnes, it seized up for a moment and I experienced metric vertigo. Kilotonnes!!! So in other words the amount of metal is being described is in terms of kilokilokilograms or KKKg! That sounds rather ominous—perhaps K3g would be better? Let's see what would that be in non-pig-Latin metric? Oh, it would be simply Gigagrams. This is not to be confused with Gt which is proper pig-Latin metric for Gigatonne or in improper pig-Latin metric is K5g . The source of this table will remain anonymous. There is no need to single out this person, they never chose to be in the spotlight. But news items which are written by “Journalists” for the public, well, I'm less inclined to invoke a Metric Maven Client privilege. Lest you think this usage is uncommon, the article Great Balls of Fire in New Scientist on 2013-06-29 (page 42) describes the explosive impact of meteors in megatonnes and kilotonnes. Here are some values in terms of metric tons I randomly found on the web using a Google search:
Mining operations in Amapa, where Anglo American produced 6.1 million metric tons of iron ore in 2012
According to Philips estimates, using the LED replacement could also eliminate 11 million metric tons of carbon emissions annually, or the equivalent of removing over 2 million cars from the road.
This clean solar generation plant will displace the equivalent of approximately 54,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide (CO2) per year, which is equal to the amount that roughly 2.2 million trees would displace annually
“The ground fish fleet is a huge contributor to local port economies,” they said. “In my district alone, on any given year, you will have a dozen trawlers that contribute 10,000 metric tons of fish and that represents about $20 million worth of product,” they said.
The Wikipedia article referenced below indicates that the Earth has around 40,000 Gt of carbon in the hydrosphere, biosphere and atmosphere
More than 2,000 farmers in six communities in the Northern Region will benefit from a 500 metric ton certified warehouse for grain storage at Datoyili, in Tamale.
From July-February 2012-13 about 5,590,775 metric tons of cement worth US$ 376.85 million exported as compared to 5,589,372 metric tons valuing US$ 303.71 million of corresponding period of last year.
Do you really have any idea of the comparative magnitudes offered in these news stories? I would bet not. Let's try to get a handle on these values using Naughtin's Laws (mostly) and Metric Prefixes.
Material Article Value Metric Value Iron Ore 6.1 million metric tons 6.1 Teragrams (1012) Carbon 11.0 million metric tons 11.0 Teragrams (1012) Carbon 54,000 metric tons 54.0 Gigagrams (109) Fish 10,000 metric tons 10.0 Gigagrams (109) Total Carbon (Eco System) 40,000 Gigatonnes 40.0 Exagrams (1018) Grain Storage 500 Metric tons 500 Megagrams (106) Cement 5,589,372 Metric tons 5.6 Teragrams (1012)
There is no excuse for Americans not to have an idea of the relative magnitudes of Mega, Giga and Tera. Computer disk drives were in Megabytes, then as they became larger they came in Gigabytes, and now one can buy external hard drives of 1-2 Terabytes without a problem. Peta–well, that's way big, but one can look it up online without a problem if needed.
The presentation of quantities using metric tons only obfuscates a person's ability to immediately compare them. It also in many cases can serve to obscure the decimal nature of metric values and money. For instance here is the pricing of copper in one article:
Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange (LME) hit a session low of $7,439 a metric ton (1.1023 tons), its weakest since August 21, and closed at $7,465 a metric ton…
We note that the price is given in metric tons, and then they provide a conversion factor for US Olde English short tons. Let's see, copper costs $7,439 per metric ton; how could we possibly compute the price of other quantities? I have an idea, perhaps actually using the metric system might help? How about $7,439 per/megagram, or $7.43 per kilogram, or 74 cents per gram. Look ma!—no calculator! The metric ton designation really screws up the simplicity of decimals, which is one of the reasons metric was adopted internationally in the first place. Seriously, the metric ton is just a tonne of problems, it should have never been accepted as a legitimate usage in the metric system. It only serves to obscure, and that means that for unscrupulous persons, it's used for dishonest purposes. It's not a metric ton, it's a Megagram! Members of the press—learn to count!—by using the metric system!
If you liked this essay and wish to support the work of The Metric Maven, please visit their Patreon Page.
Correction 2013-12-20 Total carbon corrected to Exagrams.
Related essay:
The Olde English Prefix Modifiers
One of the obstacles any MLS club faces is the international player limitations. Every club has eight slots when they start out. Some use them wisely, and in the case of Real Salt Lake trading a slot permanently to the Colorado Rapids for Adolfo Gregario (a player so utterly unremarkable that you probably didn't realize their name was actually Adolfo Gregorio), they use them unwisely.
The Union seem to be using their slots wisely. At current count, they have seven international slots filled our of their eight, as the one that was sent to Houston in 2015 as part of the Sheanon Williams deal came back to Philadelphia on January 1. The seven players currently occupying slots could be changing however, as Union manager Jim Curtin hinted that two players might be getting green cards. Who could those players be? Let's take a look at the seven international players and see who the most likely candidates are.
Jay Simpson - The Union's newest signing, the English striker doesn't even have their initial work visa yet. He's still far removed from getting a green card. Giliano Wijnaldum - The Dutch left back is in the same boat as Simpson. Not it. Ilsinho - The Brazilian right winger has only been with the team for a year, so it's very unlikely he's accumulated the necessary time in the US to get a green card. Roland Alberg - The Dutch midfielder is much in the same boat as Ilsinho. While it's not impossible like Simpson and Wijnaldum, it's highly unlikely. Eric Ayuk - The Cameroonian right winger has been in the US for two years now, so they could be coming close to the requirements - although it remains to be seen how close they actually are. Josh Yaro - Only with the Union for one season, the Ghanian center back spent three seasons with the Georgetown Hoyas playing college ball as well as attending high school in California. One would have to think he's among the closest. Fabian Herbers - The German forward's trajectory is much like Yaro's - a full season with Philadelphia preceded by three years with Creighton.
The Union's one open spot will provide them real flexibility in the transfer market, not limiting them to American players. With multiple open spots, the flexibility is increased. Not only can they look toward a greater player pool to choose from, but these slots can be turned into draft picks, allocation money, or players - as long as it's not Adolfo Gregorio.
Armenians in America
I don't share my compatriots' technological instincts. Fortunately, the AT & T store on Burbank's San Fernando Boulevard is staffed by Armenians who swiftly diagnose my phone's problem. Garen and I conclude our business, and talk about ourselves. “I already realised you don't speak Armenian,” they say. Their chuckle has an edge. I switch to Russian, hoping to connect with their Soviet childhood. After many years in London and Los Angeles, their Russian is still flawless.
“The Middle Eastern Armenians have a different mentality from the Soviet Armenians,” they tell me. “I tried to get to know them when I moved here, but people didn't really want to chat.” Garen is a polyglot cosmopolitan. Their daughter plans to attend Oxford University.
Armenian and Spanish are ubiquitous on San Fernando. According to the 2010 US census, Hispanics form a quarter of Burbank's population, while Armenians are a large slice – though no precise figure exists – of the 58 percent defined as “White persons not Hispanic.” Asians represent 11 percent, and African-Americans just 2.5 percent.
Less than a minute's walk from AT & T, Lily runs their café with several doses of Garen's outgoing personality. Far from the image of the gruff Armenian shopkeeper, they work the room with a Californian charm, wearing a blouse that owes something to David Hockney's colours. The customers chatter in English, Spanish and Polish. During a lull, they tell me that they immigrated from Soviet Armenia more than thirty years ago. I ask them about the mentality gap that Garen mentioned.
“Some Armenians from the Middle East think they're the real Armenians. But if I speak my Yerevan dialect they won't understand me, but I'll still understand them.” The relationship is complex, as a visit to Café O, opposite Lily's, confirms.
Iraq City Would Be More Apt
On a perfect spring night, Mikael, an Armenian whose parents came from Beirut, lounges on the terrace listening to Tyga's Rack City (Bitch) on their iPod. “Iraq city chick” would be more apt. Girls in knee-high black boots sit at their own table, sometimes glancing across at the shisha-smoking, card-playing men; strangers, boyfriends, or perhaps sugar Baghdaddies. Like young Arabs, they wear blue jeans and black leather jackets.
“We didn't have a communist state providing for us in Lebanon,” Mikael says. “We had to survive on our own in a civil war. And we still kept our political debate and our (Armenian) political parties alive.” They dismiss the idea of a superiority complex, but the youth here have a swagger. You sense they've transferred their entrepreneurial skills from Baalbek to Burbank while attending US colleges and universities. American culture? They can take it or leave it.
Some Armenians never took it. Pacific Manor and Harvard Plaza are two large apartment blocks in the heart of downtown. Both are Armenian enclaves housing senior citizens. Of the six residents I approach individually, three speak no English at all. Yet the Stars and Stripes fly from every balcony. The receptionist explains that these are put out in gratitude to the government for its subsidy, which keeps rent at around 220 dollars a month for a single person. When you consider that Americans over 50 have trouble finding work, it's not surprising that a fiftysomething Armenian seeking refuge from a war or an earthquake would end up here. But do the Stars and Stripes give these seniors any sense of belonging? An Iranian-Armenian lady smiles at the question. “Well, we are in America, so we should feel American.” But they admit they rarely make friends with other Armenians outside their Iranian-Armenian community in the building. So, perhaps there is a long way to go before integrating into American society.
I spot a rug drying on a balcony rail next to a flag. And it's those rugs – put out by “ghetto” Armenians – that trigger visceral national stereotypes. One online forum has comments such as this: “They are dirty, smoke all the time and stare at you…they wash their rugs constantly….I hate their culture and attitude.” Another forum is thick with references to illegal money activities. News coverage of periodic raids on Armenian Power, a criminal organisation located in Los Angeles Country, does little to dispel images of the dodgy Armenian.
Towel Head
Clichés have consequences. This April 5, Steve Karagiosian, an Armenian-American police detective, was awarded 150,000 dollars in damages for harassment based on their ethnicity. Sustained findings from an investigation showed that one fellow officer called them “towel head,” “stupid towel,” “Harapet” (a generic insult akin to the German slur “Kanacke” against ethnic Turks) and told them they had been promoted only because they were Armenian. But that wasn't all.
“In the trial, 10 to 12 officers were implicated in anti-Armenian-based misconduct. That represents just under 10 percent of the city police force,” Karagiosian's attorney told Souciant.
Solomon Gresen added: “Of particular concern is that evidence of Armenian-based profiling was presented at trial. The jury heard testimony that a cheat sheet (ed: something pupils stuff down their trousers in an exam) to ticket Armenians was discussed at roll call.” The jury did not find police supervisors liable.
The mood between Armenians and other groups in my Burbank neighbourhood feels more like polite distance than hostility. Gabriela, the owner of Café Colombia on Glenoaks Avenue, says she's heard of trouble between Armenian and Mexican gangs elsewhere in LA, but not in Burbank. “Armenians very rarely come in here, but we don't have problems.” The Iranians at San Marco Coffee on Glenoaks appear to stick to their own as surely as their Persian baklava sticks to your fingers. And a little further up the same boulevard, the Syriac Orthodox community has its own preoccupations. Already weighed down by waves of refugees from Iraq and hard economic times in the US, it worries about having to provide for brethren from Syria if Bashar al-Assad is toppled. Outside the Syriac church on Glenoaks, I get talking to clergymen during Easter week. One articulates the dilemma facing Christian minorities caught in the Arab Spring: “Would you prefer (General) Franco or Bin Laden?”
For a day, Armenians will suck all their neighbours' attention. On April 24, they mark the 97th anniversary of their extermination at the hands of the Young Turk regime. Mentalities, dialects, and politics will disappear as the remnants of a murdered nation rally. The vigil will be large in Burbank, and even larger a few miles up Glenoaks Avenue in Glendale – the quintessential Armenian diaspora city. Commemorations will touch a nerve with the Syriacs, a fellow Christian minority in Turkey. They will resonate with the Iranians who fled persecution in the wake of the 1979 revolution. And they might even strike a chord with the Colombians who trudged away from economic discrimination, far-left guerrilla killers and right-wing death squads.
Then, it's back to the daily humdrum, the fierce Californian sun reflecting off the perfectly separated tiles of this American ethnic mosaic.
Children photograph courtesy of the Armenian National Committee of America. Additional photos courtesy of the author.
[UPDATE] Bleszinski clarified their comments, explaining on Twitter that, "There's not a lot of 'real' games for VR; too many 'gimmick' experiences [at the moment]."
I've said it before and I'll say it again - there's not a lot of "real" games for VR, too many "gimmick" experiences ATM. That's the quote. — Cliff Bleszinski (@therealcliffyb) March 15, 2017
The original story is below.
Gears of War creator Cliff Bleszinski has "a few ideas" for what they might do with virtual reality, but don't expect their studio, Boss Key, to release a VR game anytime soon.
Speaking to GameSpot, Bleszinski said one of the problems with VR today is that the installation base is not big enough. Additionally, the current versions of the headsets leave something to be desired, while developers are facing steep costs, they said.
"VR is very near and dear to me. I have a few ideas I'd love to play with, but again the friction point is getting VR installed," they explained. "Sony's got a great headset but still it's kind of clunky, the price point, there's a lot of shovelware on VR right now. A lot of crappy Unity games where it's like, 'Oh look I'm throwing a can.' Yeah, big deal right? No actual real games, and part of that is this catch 22 of a lot of the proper platform-holders of VR finding funding. You can't make a really deep, great game arguably in VR for like a million bucks. So you've gotta really pony it up."
One example of a "real VR game," Bleszinski said, is Epic's Robo Recall, which was announced at the Game Developers Conference last month.
"Yeah, it's a wave shooter but, goddamn it looks good," Bleszinski said. "The controls are perfect and they really knocked it out of the park. That's the kind of stuff that needs to happen, as opposed to more friggin' roller coasters and things like that. There's also jump scare games that YouTubers want to do. So there's a lot more to it, but there's like six things right now that are really preventing VR from really exploding in a good way."
Will VR ever become mainstream? Bleszinski thinks it could happen, but not soon.
"I think there's enough people in Silicon Valley and beyond that have deep enough pockets to ride this out the long haul," they said. "I think [Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg] saw the potential in Oculus in realizing like the first time I did touch demo and [Oculus Rift creator Palmer Luckey] was standing across from me as a VR ghost, even though he's in the other room. That's when it gets magical. If I could play catch with my niece in California, that's pretty magical ... but we've gotta start pushing through and working through it all."
"Sony's got a great headset but still it's kind of clunky" -- Bleszinski
Another example of a great VR game is Ubisoft's Eagle Flight, according to Bleszinski. It delivers on a dream many people have of flying--and this can be an affecting, emotional experience.
"The story I like to tell people is when I did Eagle Flight and my wife was in the other room and I was just gushing making these kid sounds like, 'he-he-he-he-he-he,' and I handed them headset, and they were like, 'Why's it all wet?' I'm like, 'Because it moved me to tears.' It's like I've had that dream since I was six years old, of actually flying like an eagle."
Bleszinski participated in an early round of venture capital funding for Oculus VR and said they made a "very sizable chunk of money" when Facebook bought the company for $2 billion.
Bleszinski's current project is the PC shooter LawBreakers, which enters closed beta this week. Keep checking back with GameSpot in the days ahead for more from our conversation with the developer.
Brightnets
The Owner-Free Filing system has often been described as the first9 10 brightnet; A distributed system where no one breaks the law, so no one need hide in the dark.
OFF is a highly connected peer-to-peer distributed file system. The unique feature of this system is that it stores all of its internal data as meaningless multi-use data blocks. In other words there is not a one to one mapping between a stored block and its use in a accessed file. Each stored block is simultaneously used to access many different files. Individually however, each block is nothing but arbitrary digital white noise.
Owner-Free refers both to the fact that nobody owns the system as a whole and nobody can own any of the data blocks stored in the system. The latter claim is explained below and supported in the appendix.
Multi-Use Data
It seems highly unlikely to most people that the same exact data can be used to represent several things at once. But indeed, the same digital representation can be, “both a floor wax and a dessert topping.” The reason is purely mathematical.
There are an infinite number of ways to digitally represent any given work.
Every digital representation can be used to perceive an infinite number of works.
The OFF System simply chooses one of the infinite ways that is non-copyrightable. (There must be at least one, or else every possible digital representation would already be copyrighted.) It just so happens that, in most cases, the same representation is already being used for other things. The process is detailed in the next section.
Copyright
No creative works, copyrighted or not, are ever communicated between OFF peers. Only meaningless blocks of arbitrary data. No tangible copies of creative works are ever stored on OFF peers. It is completely unnecessary.
All access to creative works is done exclusively on the user's local machine. More importantly, no copies of a creative work ever need to be made. All works can be accessed in-place and on-demand by locally resident software in the same way that traditional file servers are used.
Storage of creative works is also done exclusively on the users local machine. Uniquely, only a single virtual copy of the creative work is made—directly into OFF's virtual file server. That is all that is ever needed. As with a traditional file server, that single copy is completely private. It is accessible only through the URL possessed by the person who stored the work. The OFF storage process is logically equivalent to making a single copy to your personal disk or other network attached storage.
Should the person who stored the work want to allow access to others, they simply give them the URL. The receiver need not make their own copy. They can access the work in-place. ITunes uses an identical process to enable friends to play each others music without copying—via streaming.
Hence our initial definition of Brightnet; “Nothing shady is going on.”
Ownerless Data
Divorcing data from meaning is usually the hardest leap for people to make. This section explains in common terms why it makes sense to do so with OFF. A more extensive treatment is done in the paper, “On copyrightable numbers with an application to the Gesetzklageproblem” which is attached as in appendix.
Numbers
A computer file is simply a number. Normally it is a really big number, but it is otherwise just like any other number. It is one more than the previous number and one less than the next.
We often think about it as a sequence of small numbers (bytes) or sometimes a sequence bits (ones and zeros). However, when you line these up in a sequence they form one big number.
Imagine lining up decimal digits. When you line up the sequence of decimal digits; Five followed by three followed by two, is interpreted to be 532 (Five hundred thirty-two). The same thing happens with binary numbers, but the numbers are usually much longer.
Small Numbers
Why is this important? Well for every number there are an infinite number of possible representations of that number.
Think of the number twelve (12). It can be represented as five plus seven (5+7), or twenty-five minus thirteen (25-13). In this case the meaning is not in the numbers but in the relationship between the numbers. Taken individually the numbers 5, 7, 13 and 25 are never 12. And they don't in anyway contain 12.
If for some reason we were to allow 12 to be copyrighted by Britney, they would still have no claim on the numbers 5, 7, 13 and 25. I could still copy these numbers and pass them around as I saw fit. As long as I didn't copy the number 12, I should have no problems with the law.
So what happens if I transmit the “formula” (5+7)? Am I allowed to do that? What about the formula (25-13)? What if I only transmit (5,7) or (25,13)? What is the “meaning” of these transmissions?
In the abstract, there is no way to know the meaning of any of these transmissions. The interpretation is purely up to the receiver. (5+7) might simply be arithmetic. On the other hand, the ‘+' sign may not mean plus at all. It may only be a separator as in many web queries. (5,7) may mean a point in space, 57 or 5.7 or any number of possible other interpretations depending on who is looking at it.
There are many legitimate reasons to store or transmit the numbers 5 and 7. As such, the only possible one who can cause a law to be broken is the receiver. If the receiver reconstructs 12 from any transmitted numbers then perhaps the receiver has broken the law. But then again, perhaps not. If no copy of 12 is made then no copyright law can have been broken. To play a song is not to copy a song. No more than to play a VHS tape is to copy a VHS tape.
Big Numbers
So now lets translate these principles to big numbers. When we translate something into a computer file we create a sequence of digits that represents the original.
Lets take a song for example. Let's say, “Lawyers, Guns and Money” is 3MB long. That means the song is three million bytes long or twenty-four million bits long. This makes a very big number, but it is still a number. As every binary number can be translated into a decimal number, I'll use them to simplify these examples.
Picture the song as this, but much longer.
24332984303829732498…398724
Now there are two other numbers that may be of interest, depending upon how you interpret them. Consider the following big numbers:
11230243302314110327…264211
and
12102741001515622171…134513
Then consider adding them together. Again, there is meaning between the numbers but not in any part of the numbers.
Are these numbers copyrighted? Could they be stored on two separate computers? Would that break the law? What if they were never added together? Would their existence still break the law? What if I give you two other numbers? Again, and again…
It turns out these are not philosophical nor legal questions, but purely mathematical ones. There are two consistent ways to answer the above questions. One leads to the conclusion that “All numbers are already copyrighted.” The other leads to the conclusion that, “There exists encodings of copyrighted numbers that are NOT copyrighted.”
If the first conclusion is true, digital copyright is pointless. If the second is true digital copyright is meaningless.
Multi-Use Numbers
This is the idea at the core of the OFF System. The OFF System then takes it farther to show that each of these numbers can be used to access many different things simultaneously. Let's name these numbers now, and add a couple more.
11230243302314110327…264211 = A 12102741001515622171…134513 = B 47379872610938161983…471179 = C 02810398720484003497…102380 = D
We showed above that (A+B) could represent, “Lawyers, Guns and Money”. Interestingly, at the same time (A+C) could represent, “Oops, I did it again!” Who then owns (A), Warren or Britney? Also (B+D) could represent, “Piano Man”. So who owns (B), Warren or Billy? Both (A & B) participate equally in multiple representations simultaneously.
Since no single person can lay claim to these numbers we call them “ownerless.” An appropriate claim, we think, for numbers which are intrinsically meaningless as well.
Arbitrary Data
The above process is exactly what the OFF System does, but instead of adding it uses another logical operation called XOR that simplifies the programming. Otherwise the logic is exactly the same.
Instead of working on whole files however, OFF works exclusively with fixed length “blocks” of data. Each block is exactly 128KB in size. If a file being stored is longer, it is broken into multiple 128KB blocks. If it is shorter, the blocks are padded to 128KB with random data.
These initial source blocks are never stored in the OFF System. Instead, OFF arbitrarily chooses relationships among new or existing blocks that happen to XOR back to the source block.
It stores any new blocks and reuses existing ones. We call each combination of blocks a “tuple.” There are always more possible tuples representations of a given source block, than there are possible OFF blocks. This allows us to arbitrarily choose tuples, or to optimize their choice as necessary.
To speed access, OFF spreads each arbitrary block to different servers around the internet. No fancy encryption is needed as each block has no intrinsic meaning. No anonymity is needed as only the accessor knows how the block is being interpreted.
Thus extending our definition of Brightnet; “No secrecy is needed. Nothing shady is going on.”
This work builds on previous technology pioneered by David Madore in their paper, “Method of free speech on the Internet: random pads” http://www.eleves.ens.fr:8080/home/madore/misc/freespeech.html
10 In additions we have since learned of two other previous academic projects that are similar in technology, Tangler, http://www.scs.cs.nyu.edu/tangler/; and Dagster, http://historical.ncstrl.org/tr/ps/rice_cs/TR01-380.ps.
Fitbit users can now sync their steps, weight, and sleep data with Apple's Health app in iOS 8. The aptly named Sync Solver app is now available on the App Store.
Created by James McAndrew, Sync Solver serves as a conduit between Fitbit's family of products and the Health app. Data includes steps, flights climbed, distance, weight, body fat percentage, body mass index, sleep analysis, dietary calories, resting calories, and active calories.
For now, Sync Solver can only sync data once per day. The data is then exported to the Heath app using the HealthKit features of iOS 8.
As AppleInsider first found out, “Sync Solver does not offer intraday data granularity at the moment, due to limitations with Fitbit's developer tools. The developer also notes that Apple does not yet provide a way to disable step counting from the iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which can result in double counting of step data.”
In October, Fitbit said that it had no current plans to integrate with Apple's new Health app. Soon after, the company unveiled a number of new fitness tracking devices, including the Surge, which it calls “the fitness superwatch.”
Apple recently stopped selling Fitbit products online and at the company's retail stores, which suggests Cupertino sees the Surge as a direct competitor to its upcoming Apple Watch.
The $0.99 Sync Solver is available to download by following this link.
See also: FTC wants assurances from Apple that HealthKit data will remain safe, and RunKeeper update makes tracking your exercise indoors easy with the Stopwatch Mode.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Toby Alderweireld insists it is only a matter of time before Tottenham win a major trophy.
Spurs have not taken a significant prize since claiming the Carling Cup in 2008, but Mauricio Pochettino's team are in the hunt for both the FA Cup and the Premier League.
Tottenham face Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday and are also four points behind the League leaders with six games remaining. Their rapid progress makes Alderweireld feel confident about the future. They told Standard Sport: “With this team, and with the people working for it, we will get a trophy — 100 per cent. If it is not this season, then it will be the one after. We will do everything we can to make it happen this season.
“Sometimes it is all about details. Last season we didn't win the League (Spurs were beaten to the title by Leicester) but we kept going. This season we already have 71 points — one more than we got in the whole of last season.
“Even with the disappointment of last season we have kept fighting, and this season we are in an even better position. Regardless of what happens during the rest of this season, we have to keep improving and get better for next season as well.
“The desire to achieve something and to get better, as a young group, is there. We want to play better than we did last season. We want to become better. It says a lot about the mental strength of the team.”
Tottenham are also keen to agree a new contract with Alderweireld, after reaching similar deals with nearly all their key players since the start of 2016.
Standard Sport reported last month the Belgium defender was seeking pay parity with the club's top earners, believed to be Harry Kane and Hugo Lloris. The 28-year-old is, however, under contract for two more years, and Spurs have the option to extend it to 2020.
Alderweireld said: “When I signed, it was for a number of years and I am very pleased with how things are going now. It is an honour to play for Tottenham. I'm very happy to do so.”
California Gov. Jerry Brown and the legislature continued its successful assault on the Constitution recently. This collection of leftist politicians may not be able to fix the roads, reform the schools or lower taxes but they can certainly crack down on the law abiding.This is possible because in California not all rights are absolute, some are second-class rights or separate but equal rights.And for that matter many of the rights so close to the heart of California Democrats aren't even in the Constitution. But to the California legislature abortion is sacrosanct, gay marriage requires every business within 50 miles to join the festivities and being a citizen is just a state of mind, similar to your daily gender choice.The Second Amendment on the other hand is a conditional that is subject to the whims of the legislature and in danger of being revoked at any minute.California politicians suffer from the bizarre delusion that the Second Amendment is a hunting amendment guaranteeing citizens the right to blaze away at rabbits or other critters, subject to “common sense” regulations.For example in voting for the law, signed by Brown, that now prohibits the possession of “high–capacity” magazines holding more than 10 rounds, Sen. Lori Hancock thundered, “These so–called high capacity magazines are not for target shooting or hunting.”No, although useful for target shooting or hunting, those magazines are primarily for defense, self and otherwise. Which is why the Constitution specifically says, “the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed” and doesn't list a bag limit for squirrels.All of California's previously restrictive gun laws did nothing to prevent the San Bernardino jihadi attack, but gun laws aren't evaluated by effectiveness, they are judged by emotion.That's why the law banning weapons with a “bullet button” was signed.Those buttons on a rifle make it easy for owners to rapidly remove an empty magazine and replace it with a full magazine. I can only guess the august legislators were unaware of pistols that automatically eject empty magazines.Maybe they are saving that for the next session.The crowning achievement for the anti-gun crowd was enactment of background checks for buying ammunition. One advocate told AP the law, “is really far-reaching and bold, and really has the potential to save a lot of lives. It can give us a handle on who has illegal guns in the state, as well as limiting access to ammunition by dangerous people who may have illegal guns.”Next thing you know someone will introduce the Fife Bill that limits ammunition purchases to one round per month.California passes these unconstitutional infringements on the rights of the law-abiding because they know there is no check on their legislative overreach. The 9th Circuit court is packed with leftists who would have no problem confiscating guns.And in the event a plaintiff with deep pockets appeals to the Supreme Court, the four reliable anti-gun voters are currently in a tie with justices who follow the Constitution.
It looks like the highly sophisticated Flame malware is going to have a bit of an afterburn.
While the greater threat of Flame has been limited geographically to the Middle East, some facets of the attack could now be the basis for future, more widespead attacks, Microsoft says.
Portions of Flame exploited the workings of Microsoft's certificate approval system, allowing the software to appear as if Microsoft itself had approved it.
That's bad enough, but according to Microsoft, less sophisticated attackers could use the tactic as the basis for their own efforts. Essentially, it allows bad guys to create malignant software and pass it off as if Microsoft itself had created it. By doing this, the software can be used to spoof, phish, and attack computers under the guise of trusted software.
That's a huge deal for business users, who have grown to rely on the Microsoft certificate authority to give them trusted word on which software they can install safely.
Microsoft released a security advisory and update for the issue on Sunday.
As far as cyber threats go, Flame is a doozy. Designed for information acquisition, the software can listen in on audio conversations, take screenshots, and log keystrokes. Called one of the most complex cyber warfare tools ever created, the software's had some pretty high-ranking victims, including Iranian officials.
Kaspersky, which made the initial Flame report, is set to release its findings on this latest development later today, and we'll update here once that happens.
Photo: Flickr user Stewart
Breitbart News is the #45th most trafficked website in the United Sates, according to rankings from Amazon's analytics company, Alexa.com.
With over two billion pageviews generated in 2016 and 45 million unique monthly visitors, Breitbart News has now surpassed Fox News (#47), Huffington Post (#50), Washington Post (#53), and Buzzfeed (#64) in traffic.
“The numbers speak for themselves,” said Breitbart News President and CEO Larry Solov. “Our 2017 global expansion strategy is hands down the most aggressive growth initiative in the history of the company. We're making major capital investments to execute a series of new offerings—one of which Breitbart will announce this week.”
One driver of the company's explosive traffic trajectory has been its dominance across social media. Breitbart has the number one political Facebook and Twitter pages in the world, according to analytics giant NewsWhip. Yet unlike many competitors, says Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow, the company's primary traffic is not disproportionately beholden to social media; it comes from destination traffic.
“Establishment media—the same folks who laughed off Donald Trump—are mystified by what makes Breitbart the powerhouse we've become,” said Marlow. “We've built an authentic, deeply-rooted community where people come to hang out to join in the conversation that's taking place 24 hours a day.”
Marlow added: “It's a beautiful, loud, intensely savvy 45 million-person community where we read first-in-class reporting devoid of establishment spin and then discuss, debate, and share what it all means with the world.”
When Breitbart relaunched its website in 2012, the publisher generated roughly 12 million pageviews a month. Today, Breitbart receives more pageviews in a single month than it previously did in an entire year.
That trend is likely to continue globally. With bureaus in London, Jerusalem, Washington, California, and Texas, Breitbart is in the process of establishing news bureaus in France and Germany.
Helen Mirren was among the celebrities at last year's White House Correspondents' Association dinner. (Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Once merely embarrassing and ridiculous, the annual White House correspondents' dinner is poised to tip over into journalistic self-abasement.
It's time to stick a silver-plated fork in it.
The so-called nerd prom is a glitzy party — now a week-long blitz of related parties — in which Washington, Hollywood and New York media types schmooze it up with the public officials that some of them are supposed to cover, while looking over their shoulders to see whether Helen Mirren is really looking as fabulous as everyone says.
“The main purpose of the evening,” John Oliver once said, “seems to be providing photos of glamorous celebrities completely unaware of who they're standing next to.”
The dinner has long been criticized for its cringe-inducing “optics” — as journalists cozy up to celebrities and heartily applaud politicians, usually including the president.
(Patrick Gavin)
“If you're a reporter, you shouldn't be taking selfies with the defense secretary,” Patrick Gavin, formerly of Politico, told the Wrap, putting it mildly. (Gavin quit their reporting gig in 2014 to produce the documentary “Nerd Prom.”)
Featuring awards, jokey speeches, a red carpet at the Washington Hilton, pre-parties (bloody marys at media consultant Tammy Haddad's Garden Brunch, anyone?) and post-parties, the event is a Washington institution. It's also an Oscars wannabe, with a soupcon of D.C.'s geeky self-importance, hence the nickname.
Now, given President Trump's disparagement of the news media as Enemy No. 1 —
“scum,” don't you know — the idea of this show going on is an even worse idea. (Reminder: Trump's chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon recently opined that the press “should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while.”)
And, indeed, over the past week, some cracks appeared in the event's foundation:
Onstage at George Washington University, Trump's press secretary said they didn't know whether the president would attend.
Comedian Samantha Bee announced that they would hold a counter-event in Washington the same night, helpfully dubbed “Not the White House Correspondents' Dinner,” with proceeds to benefit the worthy Committee to Protect Journalists.
And Vanity Fair and the New Yorker announced that they were canceling their usual parties. Vanity Fair's Graydon Carter said he'd go fishing in Connecticut instead of hosting the magazine's usual hot-ticket after-party.
Amid all this, the organizers put out a reassuring statement that plans were proceeding apace for April 29.
Jeff Mason of Reuters, the organization's president, wrote that the dinner will, as always, “celebrate the First Amendment and the role an independent press plays in a healthy republic.”
Mason's statement went on to emphasize the awards given and the scholarship money raised. And they acknowledged, in an interview with the New York Times, which no longer sends its journalists to the dinner, that the dinner always gets “a healthy amount of criticism,” and they expected that to be this case this year. (Disclosure: I've twice attended the Gridiron Dinner, an annual white-tie gathering of journalists and public officials.)
Asked why this year was different, Carter answered simply, “Trump, and the fish.”
The first one, at least, makes good sense.
For journalists to make nice with an administration that has trashed and blacklisted them conjures the abused wife who sends the cops packing, puts a little extra makeup over their bruises and hopes things will get better soon.
I am sure that the correspondents' association has done many positive things — helped talented young journalists, celebrated great journalism, fostered goodwill among sometime adversaries and funded good causes.
I'm just as sure that all of this could be accomplished in ways that don't debase the craft or give people more reason to believe that coastal journalists are neck-deep in the swamp that citizens want drained. Or that they are more like lap dogs than watchdogs.
The press shouldn't be Trump's enemy — a construction that serves their political purposes. Nor should it be their prom date.
Cancel the dinner now.
For more by Margaret Sullivan visit wapo.st/sullivan
Yuck. Is there a woman in their sights that pervy Democratic San Diego Mayor Bob Filner hasn't harassed, molested, insulted, propositioned, groped, headlocked or slobbered on while holding public office? In less than a month, the number of victims and witnesses coming forward has skyrocketed from three to 13. And the details have grown even more unbelievably sordid.
This isn't a local "sex scandal." It's a nationwide predator scandal.
When I last reported on this career creepster's case, their fiancee had broken up with him, their former spokesperson had revealed that Filner told them to "work without their panties on," and the sheriff's office had set up a Bob Filner Abuse Hotline. It's been "lit up" with calls for weeks now, according to the city's former police chief.
Filner still holds their office and is chilling out in "therapy," undoubtedly waiting for the heat to die down. They submitted a doctor's note this week to avoid a deposition hearing for the sexual harassment suit filed by their former communications director, Irene McCormack, who first described how Filner put them in their trademark headlock.
Beltway Democrats -- and bizarrely, many Republicans -- don't want to talk about their alleged serial sexual assaults. But more and more victims, many of whom were targets when Democrat Filner was a high-powered 10-term U.S. member of congress and former chair of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, are finally speaking up.
On Tuesday, nurse Michelle Tyler blew the whistle on how Filner offered to help their patient, Iraq war vet Katherine Ragazzino, with VA problems only if Tyler agreed "to go to dinner with him, spend personal time with them and be seen in public with him."
Air Force veteran Eldonna Fernandez and Army veteran Gerri Tindley -- both sexual assault victims of other scumbags -- also revealed that Filner had propositioned them. And San Diego-based National Women Veterans Association of America President Tara Jones reported that there were seven or eight women in the group whom Filner had taken to dinner and groped -- "grabbed breasts, buttocks, the full gamut. ... He's a sexual predator. And they used this organization for their own personal agenda."
San Diego City College official Lisa Curtin described a meeting in which Filner grabbed their hand and forced them to submit to a "saliva-filled kiss" -- wait, it gets ickier and stickier -- "including feeling their tongue on my cheek." Businesswoman Patti Roscoe related how Filner "slobbered down my chin." Entertainer Emily Gilbert told how Filner "proceeded to slide their hand down my arm and then did a little grab on my derriere" while they were singing for them at a fundraiser.
Last fall, two anonymous women who "worked for or around" Filner's congressional office warned Democrats in a letter about their "relentless and disgusting" behavior. "Many women in D.C. refer to (Filner) as 'Bobo,' 'Mr. Misogynist,' 'Nasty Narcissist' or simply 'Filthy Filner.'"
Headlock Bob isn't the only one who needs their head examined. When feminists ask how this could have happened for so long, they need to start asking every last enabling Democratic woman on the Hill. They need to start asking every last enabling liberal female pundit, columnist and media insider who peddled GOP-bashing War on Women propaganda while Filthy Filner was on the loose.
With the grope-and-headlock count rising like Bob's libido at a Planned Parenthood fundraiser, it strains credulity to believe that the Democratic female elite in Washington didn't purposely look the other way at this insatiable entrenched beast's abuse of power. Power doesn't just corrupt the old boys' club in three-piece suits. It corrupts the old girls' club in pumps and progressive clothing, too.
November - The Month Ahead
Skilling Pets
Clan Cup
Zeah - Kourend Development
November is here and along with it we have some exciting updates to come. Grab your picks and ready your hatchets, skilling pets are almost here!One of the most highly anticipated updates of the month is, of course, skilling pets! We will be releasing skilling petsto kick November off in an exciting way. We are going to be releasing pets for Woodcutting, Mining, Fishing and Hunter.Getting your hands on these pets will not be easy. You will have to do far more than your every day skiller in order to see one pop up behind you. If you think achieving 99 in a skill will guarantee you a skilling pet, think again!- Beaver - Can be obtained when chopping any tree.- Baby rock golem - Can be obtained when mining any rock.- Heron - Can be obtained when fishing at any spot.- Baby chinchompa - Can be obtained when hunting chinchompas. When transmogrifying your baby chinchompa there is aslim chance of it becoming a golden chinchompa!These pets are going to berare, so if you catch a glimpse of one in game do not miss the opportunity to grab a screenshot and tell all of your friends!Later on this month the Clan Cup 2015 will be kicking off! Last year we saw clans battling it out for weeks in order to claim their titles as champions. With cups for PvP, PvM and skilling it was an action packed few weeks and this year we are going to be running all three once again.The specifics of each event will be announced soon and applications will open shortly after. If you are a member of a clan, keep an eye out over the next week for more information on how your clan can apply to be a part of the Clan Cup.The development of Zeah has begun and Kourend is well on the way. Throughout November we will be able to talk more about the progress we have made and the specifics of what you will be able to see in Kourend come January.Here is a map of Kourend alongside the existing map to help give an idea of scale. Keep in mind that Kourend is merely one city on Zeah,the entire continent. The remainder of Zeah will come with the later releases in 2016.As we enter December we hope that you will have a better idea of what Kourend is going to be and that you are as excited as we are about the release of the first part of Zeah! Keep an eye out through November for all of the information set to come your way.November is going to be an exciting month for Old School. What are you looking forward to the most? Let us know!
FBI Director nominee Christopher Wray is sworn-on on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, July 12, 2017, prior to testifying at their confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Records show that President Donald Trump's pick to run the FBI represented New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for nearly a year before a mandatory retainer agreement was signed.
WNYC-FM reports that Christopher Wray began representing Christie in September, 2014 during the George Washington Bridge lane-closing investigation. The formal agreement wasn't approved until August 2015.
A spokesperson for the state attorney general's office said it had no comment. Wray didn't immediately respond to a request seeking comment.
Wray's firm, Atlanta-based King & Spalding, has been paid $2.1 million since Christie hired them in 2014.
Wray held the governor's cellphone that contained about a dozen text messages that they exchanged with a former staffer during a legislative hearing.
Copyright Associated Press
A month after the Houthi conquest of Sana, Yemen's new political landscape remains uncharted. In Sana, the Houthi leadership is trying to coax Yemen's political elite into a coalition government, while south of Sana, Houthi forces are pressing to consolidate their military power on the ground. Both efforts are encountering considerable resistance, but the Houthis may prevail still.
In Sana, the Houthi leadership wants Yemen's diverse political elite to restart the political game after the Houthis upset the table. The ability of the Houthi leadership to consolidate its political power depends heavily on its forming a national government. Here the Houthi leadership has its best chance of success, as Yemen's political elite seems gradually to reconcile itself to the Houthi presence, and the international backers appear to view the formation of a government, even under Houthi guns, as critical to Yemen's future. Indeed, the United States, the United Nations, and European backers seem to see the best chance for Yemen in forming a government and holding the Houthi leadership to the letter of the Peace and National Partnership Agreement, which stipulates, among other things, the withdrawal of militias from the cities. But despite this fact, as well as that President Hadi appointed a new prime minister and that intense negotiations are under way to form a new government, many political leaders in Sana are hesitant to participate in a Houthi-dominated government. The Islah Party-led opposition coalition of the Joint Meeting Parties (JMP) and southerners are chief among these.
The proposed distribution of ministries in the new government reflects the new balance of power in Yemen: The Houthis control six ministries, the southern Hirak six, the former ruling party of Ali Abdullah Saleh nine, and the JMP will name nine ministers. President Hadi controls the four key ministries of defense, foreign affairs, interior, and finance. However, the JMP has yet to accept the invitation to join the new government, and it may well sit out this round of government. Furthermore, the Houthi leadership knows that it needs the support of the southerners to rule Yemen, so it offered all of its ministerial appointments to southerners. But so far, the southerners are disinclined to conclude any agreement with the Houthi leadership. Indeed, when the southern movement gathered in Aden on October 14 to celebrate the fifty-second anniversary of the launching of the liberation struggle against the British, demonstrators sent Houthi representatives home and burned pictures of the Houthi leader. Thus, any new government will be fraught with internal tensions.
On the military front, the Houthi militia settled into Sana, then spread west to Hodeidah on the Red Sea coast, east to Marib in the desert, and south to Ibb, Taiz, and Bayda in the middle regions between Aden and Sana. The Houthi militia met little resistance until it reached Taiz and Rada. In Taiz, Yemen's capital of the middle regions, the mayor convinced the Houthis not to enter the city. General al-Subaihi, commander of the fourth military region that includes the key cities of Taiz and Aden, forcefully stated that the Yemeni military was in charge of security and that they would not allow militias in the area. The Houthis respected Subaihi's assertion of state power in the vicinity.
Outside of Subaihi's regions, the Houthi seem intent on establishing military dominance. However, in contrast to the far north, where the Houthi leadership has deep tribal, political, and religious ties, in these mid-regions of Yemen the Houthis are not particularly welcome. The mid-regions see the Houthis as invaders rather than liberators. In Hodeidah, demonstrators from the Tihama movement—an indigenous movement arguing for self-rule of the western coast, similar to the southern movement—demanded that the Houthi militias leave, and Houthi security forcibly broke up the demonstrations, causing some loss of life. In the southern mountains, the city of Ibb saw anti-Houthi demonstrations demanding the withdrawal of the Houthi militias, and some military clashes have flared in the area as well.
In the eastern part of the mid-regions near Rada, the Houthi militia is encountering the stiffest resistance from al-Qa‘ida and local tribes. Al-Qa‘ida has long attacked the Houthis on sectarian grounds; for al-Qa‘ida, the Houthis are simply Shi‘i heretics. Al-Qa‘ida killed 50 Houthi supporters in a suicide attack in Sana's central square this month, and al-Qa‘ida is responsible for the death a few years ago of the father of Abdul-Malik al-Houthi, the current Houthi leader.
For its part, the Houthi leadership appears intent upon breaking al-Qa‘ida even at the cost of heavy loss of life. Houthi fighters supported by factions of local tribes, the Yemeni military, and U.S. drones attacked a major al-Qa‘ida stronghold among the Qifa tribe east of the town of Rada in al-Manasseh. The Houthi took al-Manasseh and forced the al-Dahab tribal leaders allied with al-Qa‘ida to flee, but the fight with al-Qa‘ida is not over. A bomb-laden truck exploded in al-Manasseh after the entrance of the Houthis, killing tens of Houthi fighters and the al-Dahab leader allied with the Houthis.
In the south, the Houthi conquest of Sana bolstered hopes for southern secession, but the southern leadership remains divided as ever, so while the chaos the Houthi sowed in the north is a golden opportunity for southern independence, there is no coherent southern leadership to seize the moment. While the southern movement did manage to announce the beginning of a sit-in that would not end until independence was achieved, and though the southern members of parliament convened a meeting in Aden, only slightly more than half attended because reportedly Saleh put pressure on the southern members of their party, the Moatamer, not to attend. The southern leadership remains so divided that the movement for independence is unlikely to gain any real traction.
The Houthi face considerable obstacles consolidating their power in the middle regions, western coast, and in the eastern desert because people in these regions tend to see the Houthis as foreigners. To consolidate power in these regions, the Houthis must be able to establish security, stability, and justice, as they did in the north, but in these regions the Houthis do not have the credibility they have in the far north. Without allies in the far south, the Houthi leadership will find the task of rebuilding Yemen's body politic much more difficult. The Houthis and the southern movement were both victims of Saleh's regime, and the Houthi movement appeals to the southerners as such, but the southern movement sees the Houthis as yet another version of the northern regime attempting to gain control over the south and as a result refuses any cooperation.
The Houthi offensive in Sana paralyzed the Yemeni state and Sana politics. For the Houthi movement to survive its national aspirations, it must restart the state and Sana politics. Thus far, the Houthi movement and its allies are having difficulty convincing the rest of Yemen to cooperate. The major determinant of Houthi success will be whether the movement can stabilize the middle regions where the group is facing the greatest resistance. Leaders in Sana and outside the country are watching Houthi military fortunes on the ground very closely.
>>"The Huthi Ascent to Power," by Charles Schmitz
It's getting harder for ISIS to finance its war machine, due to its shrinking territory and crippled oil business.
ISIS' monthly revenue has fallen by 30% in recent months, according to information and analysis firm IHS. In March, the group collected only $56 million, a significant reduction from estimated monthly revenue of $80 million in mid-2105.
The decline in revenue is now seriously constraining the ISIS' ability to fund its reign of terror, according to the U.S. State Department and several scholars who track the group.
Already, ISIS has been forced to cut its fighters' salaries in half. Additional pressure is now forcing ISIS to ration medical supplies, according to counterterrorism analysts.
It's a major change for a group that became the world's richest terrorist organization by taxing the people on its territory, selling oil on the black market, smuggling stolen archeological artifacts, and demanding kidnapping ransoms.
CNN last month reported that ISIS was struggling financially, but it was unclear to what extent. Now there's evidence ISIS is taking major steps to compensate.
Lost land, new taxes
ISIS has ceded 22% of its territory to Kurdish, Syrian and Iraqi forces over the past 15 months, according to IHS. During that time, the population living under ISIS rule has fallen from 9 million to 6 million.
"There are fewer people and business activities to tax. The same applies to properties and land to confiscate," said Columb Strack, a senior analyst at IHS.
Tax revenue, which provides roughly half of the group's funding, has fallen by 23% since last summer, IHS reports. As a result, ISIS is desperately finding new ways to squeeze money out of the people still living in its territory.
We already know the group imposes a 10% income tax, 15% business tax, 2% sales tax and 5% fee on cash withdrawals from banks. There's also a mafia-like protection insurance, called jizyah, that Christians are forced to pay.
New rules require anyone who repairs a broken satellite dish to pay ISIS a special fee. People must also pay a religious fine if they are unable to accurately answer questions about the Quran, IHS analysts said.
ISIS is so strapped for cash it has also started giving people accused of violating Sharia law the option of paying a cash fine instead of suffering severe physical punishments, IHS reports.
"This new stance represents a strong indicator of the financial difficulties the group is going through," Ludovico Carlino, senior analyst at IHS, wrote in their latest report.
More air strikes, less ISIS oil
The U.S.-led coalition bombing campaign is also hurting ISIS' oil business, according to IHS.
Revenue from crude sales is down 26% from last year, IHS reports. And daily production in the region has dropped from 33,000 barrels last summer to 21,000 barrels.
Crude oil sales account for 42% of ISIS' revenue, but experts said the group has not raised the price it charges smugglers at the wellhead.
Carlino said ISIS cares more about quick sales -- even if that means lower revenue. Plus, many people inside its territory -- who buy ISIS oil -- are running short of spending money.
The terrorist group is also having trouble recruiting engineers and repair its oil and gas equipment, according to Jean-Charles Brisard, chairperson of the Center for the Analysis of Terrorism.
"These reasons also explain why ISIS is dedicating large resources to expand itself, notably in Libya," Brisard said.
Even though Libya is 1,400 miles southwest of the ISIS stronghold between Iraq and Syria, experts say the terrorist group is now shifting resources to take advantage of poorly policed coastlines in the region.
The new potential ISIS business there? Drugs.
Families of slain rationalists Narendra Dabholkar and Govind Pansare Thursday came down heavily on Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not giving them time for a meeting, despite repeated attempts.
Advertising
“Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis assured us many times that they would arrange our meeting with the PM. Despite that, the PM has not given us time. This shows the level of seriousness the government has about the investigation in Dabholkar and Pansare murder cases. We feel there are religious extremist forces behind the murders of Dabholkar, Pansare and M M Kalburgi. If we fail to curb these forces, the situation in India will be similar to Bangladesh, which is observing a series of killings of progressive persons,” Dabholkar's wife Shaila told the media.
Read | Pansare murder: Court dismisses Gaikwad's allegation that they were offered money to take names, become approver
Shaila, their son Hamid, Pansare's wife Uma, daughter-in-law Megha and activists of Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmulan Samiti (MANS) were present at the event. “The PM is going all over the world, talking about thoughts on Ambedkar and Gandhi, but is not serious about these cases,” said Hamid.
Advertising
Megha Pansare said, “We saw developments taking place on daily basis in the Sheena Bora murder probe. Why are the investigators not working with same speed and zeal in Dabholkar and Pansare murder cases?”
Read | Pansare murder Chargesheet: ‘Teen saw Sanatan member on crime spot'
On Wednesday, the Bombay High Court set aside the stay on trail against Sameer Gaikwad, the only person so far arrested by the special investigation team, probing the Pansare murder case. Apparently, the Kolhapur court is likely to frame charges against Gaikwad on April 29. The court also slammed the CBI and SIT for not making any breakthroughs. The court also directed the CBI to give its status report on May 2.
[related-post]
“After Gaikwad's arrest, there has been no progress in the investigation. The investigating officers in such an important case were changed several times. There is no coordination in the SIT probing this case. SIT chief Sanjay Kumar is heading the state Criminal Investigation Department, so they are not finding time to focus on the murder probe. Due to this, even after having evidence, the investigation has not progressed. And now, the framing of charges against Gaikwad and trial in Pansare murder case are likely to begin though the investigation has not been done properly. Does the government really want to arrest the assailants of Pansare and Dabholkar?” said Uma Pansare.
Shaila's son Hamid added that they planned to move the Supreme Court against the HC order of setting aside the stay on trail against Gaikwad.
Shaila also blamed the CBI for slow investigation. “About two months back, the CBI told the HC that it required inputs from a third lab on ballistic reports as there were certain discrepancies in the reports received from the forensic labs in Karnataka and Maharashtra. But nothing has happened in this regard so far. This shows the government's negligence towards these murder cases,” they added.
Two unidentified motorcycle-borne youths had shot Dabholkar dead on August 20, 2013 around 7.15 am. They were out for a morning walk on the Omkareshwar Bridge near Balgandharva Auditorium in Pune.
In a similar manner, two unidentified persons had opened fire on Pansare and their wife Uma while the couple was returning home after a morning walk on February 16, 2015.
Pansare had died while undergoing treatment at the hospital on February 20. Uma had received a bullet injury, but survived. Sanatan Sanstha member Gaikwad was arrested in Pansare murder case on December 14, 2015.
Kalburgi was gunned down by unidentified men at their home in Dharwad, Karnataka on August 30, 2015.
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
How (And When) To Think Like A Philosopher
Enlarge this image Getty Images/iStockphoto Getty Images/iStockphoto
As an undergraduate, I majored in philosophy — a purportedly useless major, except that it teaches you how to think, write and speak.
The skills I was learning from working through papers and arguments extended well beyond the coursework itself, yielding habitual patterns of reasoning that made me a more discerning scientist, a more careful writer and a better thinker all around. Within and beyond philosophy, I was learning to spot poor arguments, uncover hidden assumptions, tease out subtle implications and recognize false dichotomies. (It was around this time that my then boyfriend, now husband, jokingly gifted me a modified light box with a button that I could press to light up the damning message: "Distinction blurred!")
Of course, good thinking isn't the sole province of philosophy. Training in any discipline or area of expertise teaches you habits of mind that — hopefully — lead to better performance in that domain. But philosophy is unusual in its explicit focus on the structure of arguments across a broad range of topics, from the meaning of words to the nature of knowledge, from ethics to animal minds. It makes sense, then, that training in philosophy might be unusual in its potential to yield general-purpose tools for better thinking.
So what do these tools for better thinking look like?
In a new article published in Aeon, philosopher Alan Hájek presents a "philosophy tool kit," sharing some common philosophical moves that apply both within and beyond academic philosophy. What Hájek offers isn't logic or probability theory (though that's useful, too), but rather common heuristics or "rules of thumb" that help philosophers quickly identify problematic claims or assumptions. These heuristics are intended to make difficult reasoning tasks easier for the philosophically untrained, though Hájek is clear that "there are no shortcuts to profundity" — the tools are a starter set, not a complete kit nor blueprints for the construction of worthwhile arguments.
Several of Hájek's tools involve questioning assumptions in the way a claim or question is posed. For instance, asking what the right thing to do is presupposes that there is a single right thing to do. In some cases, that presupposition is wrong: There could be no right thing to do, or there could be many right things to do. Encountering "the" should therefore set off a minor alarm, prompting you to consider whether the presupposition is warranted.
A second tool comes in handy when evaluating a claim that is supposed to apply to many cases. Here it's appropriate to look for counterexamples that might disconfirm or limit the scope of the claim, but where might such counterexamples be found? It's often effective to consider extreme or "edge" cases. For instance, in considering whether there are counterexamples to the claim that everything has a cause, one might consider what caused the first cause, or the set of all causes. As a more pedestrian example, evaluating the claim that "everyone likes a good book" might prompt you to consider extremes in age (do newborns like a good book?) or kinds of people (do supervillains like a good book?).
For additional tools, and a more complete exposition, readers are encouraged to read Hájek's article. But I want to end with a final reflection for readers of 13.7. If these thinking tools are so useful, why do we need special training to acquire them? Why aren't they built into our cognitive machinery, or acquired through our years of experience evaluating claims and arguments in everyday life?
Hájek identifies one reason in their discussion of what they call the "contrastive-stress heuristic": We fall prey to various cognitive biases that can lead us astray. One example is confirmation bias, the tendency to seek and favor evidence that supports, rather than challenges, the hypotheses we (prefer to) believe. A strategy like systematically considering alternative possibilities — common to both philosophical and scientific thinking — is useful, in part, because it helps overcome this bias.
But here's a second (and more speculative) hypothesis for why many habits of philosophical thinking might not come naturally. The hypothesis is that some tools for critical evaluation run counter to another valuable set of tools: our tools for effective social engagement. These tools help us make sense of what someone is saying by encouraging us to interpret underspecified claims in the most positive light; they help us coordinate conversation by establishing common ground.
When someone asks us for "the right thing to do," we're inclined to engage in the conversation they've invited us to engage in: one in which we assume there is a right thing to do, and we help them to find it. When someone says "everyone likes a good book," we understand them to be telling us something about the kinds of people relevant to our current conversational context, not something true of every single person.
If this is right, then some forms of critical evaluation and philosophical thinking are hard because they force us to suspend other habits of mind; habits that serve us well when our goal is to engage or persuade or befriend, but less well when our goal is to arrive at a precise characterization of what's true, or of what follows from what. The trick, then, is not only to acquire Hájek's philosophy tool kit, but to know when to use it.
Tania Lombrozo is a psychology professor at the University of California, Berkeley. They write about psychology, cognitive science and philosophy, with occasional forays into parenting and veganism. You can keep up with more of what they are thinking on Twitter: @TaniaLombrozo
Photo: iStock
A Borderline mother can hurt a child in a heartbeat, and these wounds often continue into adulthood. In this piece, Dr. Daniel Lobel shows us how this abuse occurs and what one can do about it.
------
Conversations with people suffering from Borderline (IBPDs) can deteriorate quickly.
It's like stepping on a bee's nest.
One moment you're talking normally, and the next, the room shakes with , shaming, or hurt. And, for the children of such people, the results are ongoing trauma.
• A Borderline parent can transform into a brutal parent in the blink of an eye.
Given this inherent instability, children—even, adult children—often find themselves unable to respond effectively to a triggered IBPD parent. This blog describes some common patterns of IBPD thinking, and what one can do about it. After all, forewarned is forearmed.
Two important notes:
Borderline suffer as well. People don't hurt their children naturally; these suffering souls often have their own past . That being said, parents are not off the hook for abusing their children.
We are focusing here on the Borderline mother, but IBPD occurs in fathers as well. In future blogs, I hope to explore what it's like to be the son or daughter of such men.
Predictable Toxicity:
Regarding the Borderline mother, being prepared for some predictable toxic patterns can help mitigate some of their disorienting pain. If you don't understand what you are dealing with, the likelihood is that she'll cause damage for years to come.
The thinking of a person with IBPD is distorted at many levels of processing but there are nonetheless patterns of thinking that can be identified. An of these patterns can help to minimize conflict and damage to the self when relating to individuals so afflicted.
The Danger of Distorted Thinking:
Healthy thought processes must be based on accurate perception of the communication and feelings of others. This is where the problems begin for IBPDs. Persons afflicted with this disorder don't listen to—they listen for.
• They listen for confirmation that they are the victim.
• They listen for slights.
• They listen for hidden meanings.
• They listen for any withholding of self or resources.
There is a pattern to this listening .
The Brutal Search Engine:
Like Google, the Brutal Search Engine is activated by questions. Whereas Google works best with direct and focused questions, the Brutal Search Engine is often driven by hidden agendas.
In the example below, the normal font represents what is verbalized, while the italics reveal the hidden agenda.
IBPD “So what are your in-laws doing for Christmas?”
Are you planning to spend the holiday with me?
Child “They are visiting with us.”
IBPD “What about your brother and their wife?”
Am I the only one left out?
Child “I don't know.”
IBPD “So you asked him?”
Are you keeping something from me?
Child “I don't know what they are doing.”
IBPD “I wish I never had children.”
I will punish you for victimizing me by leaving me out.
In this example, the Brutal Search Engine was searching for evidence of exclusion and hence belittlement and victimization.
IBPD “Can we go out to dinner tonight?”
My Phyllis called their son before to have dinner and they said yes. I was wondering if you are as good a child as they are?
Child “This is kinda short notice. How about next Saturday?”
IBPD “Why, what are you doing now?”
Can I convince them to give in?
Child “We have company coming over.”
IBPD “What company is more important than me?”
Will you give in if I make you feel ?
Child “Mom, these plans were made weeks ago.”
IBPD “Never mind. I have other plans too. I just wanted to see if you had any interest in being with your mother. The answer is obviously no.”
Here is your well-deserved .
The final effort to pressure the child to give up their plans is abuse. If this does not succeed in breaking the child's will, it sets up a sense of victimization. This entitles them to commit more abuse as punishment while also entitling them to be more entitled in the future because they are now wounded.
The Brutal Filter:
The IBPD hears only what they are interested in and only what they want to hear. This leaves them with only partial of what is said to them and even these parts may be distorted.
Child “Mom, Jacob's third birthday party is on Saturday at our house, and we would like for you to come.”
IBPD “I would to come. What time?”
Child “It starts at noon.”
IBPD “Can you make it a little later?'
Child “This is when everyone else is coming”
IBPD “Do I have to come when everybody else is coming?”
Child “Well not exactly.”
IBPD “OK then I will be there around 1:30.”
Child “But the party will be winding down around then. Jacob naps around that time.”
IBPD “Then I won't come at all.”
In this dialogue the Brutal Filter filters out the following information:
• The party has already been planned.
• The time has already been set at noon.
• Other people are invited.
• This is a party for a 3-year-old—the child is the focus.
IBPD “Remember when you were a kid and you liked to go to antique shows?"
Child “I used to prefer going to antique shows than going to Sunday .”
IBPD “Why don't we go to a show this weekend?”
Child “I am traveling for work this weekend.”
IBPD “That's not what you told me yesterday.”
Child “What did I tell you yesterday?”
IBPD “Weren't you even listening?”
Child “You mean that we were going to Betsy's soccer game?…I am going away for the weekend but returning early to see their play on Sunday.”
IBPD “But you have no time to go to be with me.”
Child “The show is on Saturday. I will be out of town.”
IBPD “And you have no time for me on Sunday either, right?"
Child “Mom, I told you that I am traveling on Sunday and returning just in time to get to the game.”
IBPD “There is always a reason.”
Child “Why don't you come to the game?”
IBPD “With the bugs. Are you crazy?”
This exchange illustrates how the Brutal Filter distorts communication only enough to adjust to the meaning that suits them. These distortions can be the basis for abuse without regard to their validity or departure from objective reality.
The Brutal Disaster Machine:
IBPDs tend to favor the worst possible interpretations of events as this supports their sense of being a victim. Though others may see the proverbial glass half full, they see it as more than half empty.
IBPD “Have you seen the movie The Way We Were?”
Child “Yes. I saw it a few weeks ago. It was wonderful.”
IBPD “I guess it never occurred to you that I might like to see it with you.”
Child “We never talked about going to a movie together.”
IBPD “I just don't exist for you”
Child “That's not true”
IBPD “Then why don't you ever ask me to do anything with you? You must hate me.”
Child “Mom, I don't hate you.”
IBPD “Then why do you treat me this way? What was I thinking when I decided to have children?”
In this example the IBPD is not looking at the situation and history objectively, but rather looking to confirm that they are a victim. Neutral statements and events are thus turned into attacks and justification for abuse.
Child “Mom, we are going to celebrate our anniversary in Hawaii this year.”
IBPD “When?”
Child “The second week in April.”
IBPD “What if I need something from you while you are gone?”
Child “Call 911”
IBPD “What if both of you die in a plane crash? What will happen to me? You don't care about me. Some daughter!”
Here, the IBPD is expressing feeling like a victim of something that has not happened yet. The IBPD is blaming the child for putting themselves in the position of not being available in case something might happen and then using it to justify abuse.
Child “Hi Mom, how are you today?'
IBPD “I am not doing well.”
Child “What is bothering you?”
IBPD “I have to tell you again?”
Child “You mean your arthritis?”
IBPD “I could be dropping dead and you wouldn't even know there was something wrong.”
Child “Is it your hammertoe?”
IBPD “Forget it. When I am on the floor dying, I won't call you.”
In this example, the Brutal Disaster Machine has created a fantasy where they have an acute medical crisis and they are left to suffer and possibly die due to the child's negligence. The negligence is abandonment in the form of not keeping the mother's physical condition a source of constant focus.
The descriptions above are just a few of the patterns of thinking that are characteristic of some IBPDs. These particular patterns concern mostly perception, or the way that they look at the world. Profound suspiciousness can yield to frank under circumstances.
Protecting Oneself From Abuse:
Without question, being the target of relentless abusive accusations is hurtful and damaging to the self. This is particularly true when it comes from a mother, toward whom children are naturally seeking nurturance and approval.
Absorbing these allegations, condemnations and criticisms can cause self-doubt, loss of , self-hatred and, at the extreme, disintegration of the self. IBPDs often make those closest to them feel badly about themselves. And, often the children of these people either distance themselves or anxiously try to make things right.
Understanding some of the patterns of brutal thought may help to anticipate caustic reactions. This allows for strategic planning to minimize the damaging effects of the abuse. This does not stop the abuse. But, it does give son or daughter of the Borderline mother the tools to brace and or to duck.
Take Back Your Life:
To the adult child of the Borderline mother, it's your life and she's your mother.
Armed with insight, and perhaps , you can choose how you want to respond to them You can distance, placate, or confront, or some combination of the three. But, let it be your . Differentiating successfully from such mothers may be the toughest thing you will ever have to do.
Sadly, they won't make it easy for you.
----------------------------------------------------
This piece is by guest blogger Dan S. Lobel, Ph.D. who is in private practice in Katonah, New York. Dr. Lobel can be reached for consultation at 914-232-8434 or by email at: Katshrink@aol.com.
----------------------------------------------------
For more from Dr. Banschick:
The - Taking Care of Your Children (Kindle)
The Intelligent Divorce - Taking Care of Your Children (Amazon)
The Intelligent Divorce - Taking Care of Yourself (Kindle)
The Intelligent Divorce- Taking Care of Yourself (Amazon)
Course - Raising Healthy Kids Despite Divorce: Sign Up
Twitter: twitter.com/MarkBanschickMD
Sign up for our newsletter here!
Google executive chairperson Eric Schmidt doesn't think much of India's internet strategy, telling a television channel that the country ”is well behind in the web services model that the rest of the world is adopting.”
There's no doubt that Schmidt, traveling in Asia this week, is talking their book: Every new Indian on the internet is a new customer for Google, and Asian expansion is obviously on the company's agenda.
But it's still notable that only 150 million Indians have internet access in a country of 1.2 billion. That's significantly lower than other emerging markets. Consider this Gallup survey from January, which polled citizens around the globe about whether they have home internet access: While only 3% of Indians answered “yes,” in China, 34% confirmed home internet access, with 51% penetration in Russia and 40% in Brazil.
For comparison, 80% of adults in the US said they had internet access, and 73% and 77% in Japan and Germany, respectively. The world leader in home internet access, per the survey? Sweden, with a score of 93%.
Differences in national wealth per person explains a lot of the disparity between the emerging markets, but that doesn't explain why poorer countries than India, like Pakistan and Zambia, have more internet access. Schmidt points the finger at complacency in India's government.
The success of Indian IT outsourcing firms like Infosys and Wipro has lead to reduced investment in tech infrastructure, they say, particularly fiber optics for broadband. The country spends about 1% of its GDP on technology, compared to 2.5% around the world.
Schmidt also wants an “open internet” for India, where online censorship has become a source of tension in ethnically and religiously heterodox society. Companies worry about managing India's broadly defined speech restrictions—there's even a law criminalizing “causing annoyance and inconvenience online.” Schmidt argued that Indians will reap the benefits of a less-regulated online world through the expansion of entrepreneurs producing services like RedBus.
It's not just censorship: Restrictions on foreign direct investment, payment rules, cronyism in the telecom industry all play a part in reducing internet access and the economic benefits that can come with it. You can see the effect of the government's slow adaptation to modern telecommunications in where India's promise has paid off: It's biggest successes are abroad and in mobile and wireless internet.
Indian officials agreed with Schmidt about the importance of India's internet market, they appear to remain committed to some kind of content-control. The government is starting to roll out more fiber optic network, and there's certainly an appetite in the country for big, ambitious projects.
We've been keeping you up to date on the latest in Obamacare. We've gone through studies and reports a plenty. The verdict? The Affordable Care Act is still a steaming pile of crap. Also, it's not really affordable. At all (read Surprise! New Report Says 2017 Obamacare Rates to Massively Increase…).
When confronted about its high-priced crappiness, the Obama admin insisted that consumers would be able to shop around. People were told that they'd have choices. That insurers would compete for business by offering cheaper plans. You get cheaper care, and everyone's insured. It's a win-win. Hooray!
Except no. Competition is a perk of something called “the free market.” Obamacare has stomped all over the healthcare industry's free market. Insurers are bowing out faster than you can say “not affordable.” So those choices? Yeah, you don't get those…
One-third of the United States may have just a single insurer to pick from on Obamacare marketplaces in 2017, an analysis released Friday suggests. Seven entire states are projected to have just one carrier in 2017: Alaska, Alabama, Kansas, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Wyoming, according to research by the Avalere consultancy. More than half of the country, 55 percent, may end up having two or fewer insurers to chooses from on those government-run exchanges… “And there may be some sub-region counties where no plans are available,” [Avalere said].
Let's take a moment to consider why so many insurance companies are disappearing. Hint: it has to do with the fact that they're losing loads of money…
The findings reflect the effect of announcements this summer that three major insurers – Aetna, UnitedHealth and Humana – will sharply reduce the number of areas where they will sell individual health plans in 2017 due to financial losses on those plans, as well as the failures of most Obamacare co-op insurance plans.
So as it turns out, you don't get choices via Obamacare. You don't get affordability via Obamacare. Aaand you don't get “to keep your doctor” via Obamacare. But hey, you can still go with a private plan. For now. In short, you get to pay more, meanwhile your taxes go to subsidize the premiums of someone else. So in that sense, I suppose it is affordable for someone. Someone who's not you.
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
This article is over 2 years old
Department is also offering assistance to law enforcement from division that led reform efforts following protests and unrest in 2014, Loretta Lynch said
Justice department to deploy mediators to Standing Rock to 'maintain the peace'
Attorney general Loretta Lynch has weighed in on the protests against the Dakota Access pipeline, calling on all sides to avoid violence and announcing that the justice department is deploying “conciliators” from its community relations service to North Dakota.
The department is also offering assistance to local law enforcement from the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services (Cops), the division that led the department's police reform efforts following huge protests and unrest in 2014 in response to police killings of unarmed African Americans.
'We opened eyes': at Standing Rock, my fellow Native Americans make history Read more
“We recognize the strong feelings that exist about the Dakota Access pipeline – feelings that in many instances arise from the complicated and painful history between the federal government and American Indians,” Lynch said. “We will remain committed to working with all stakeholders to enforce the law; to maintain the peace; and to reach a just solution to this challenging situation.”
Lynch's statement, which was released on video, came after they spoke on the phone with Morton County's sheriff, Kyle Kirchmeier, and the Standing Rock Sioux tribal chairperson, Dave Archambault.
Kirchmeier, who has been an outspoken critic of the protests and went so far as to call some of the protesters “evil”, said in a statement that they wanted to see “more actions from the federal government, not more words”.
“While I appreciate the attorney general taking the time to reach out to me, neither assistance for law enforcement nor a timeline for resolution was offered.”
Archambault was not immediately available for comment. In October, they called on the justice department to investigate police tactics against overwhelmingly peaceful protesters. The ACLU North Dakota and Amnesty International have also called for a formal investigation.
Some of the indigenous activists at Standing Rock, who call themselves “water protectors”, expressed skepticism about the federal government's involvement.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Loretta Lynch's statement comes three days before the deadline established by the Army Corps of Engineers for thousands of Native American and environmental activists to leave their main encampment. Photograph: Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Xhopakelxhit, a member of the Nuu Chah Nulth, Coast Salish, and Cree who has been at Standing Rock since September, was doubtful that “conciliators” could have a positive impact.
“What real conciliation looks like is giving us all our land back,” they said. “That's not going to happen.”
Instead, they feared, the outreach from the government was more about “saving face with the American public”.
“Why are they so late in the game?” they asked. “They could have stepped in months ago. They could have put a moratorium on construction.”
Xhopakelxhit's partner, who asked to be identified by the single name of Crow, echoed them misgiving.
“Anytime it comes down to negotiations – negotiations never work in favor of indigenous people,” they said.
'Bogus charges': Standing Rock activists say they face campaign of legal bullying Read more
Lynch's statement comes just three days before the deadline established by the Army Corps of Engineers for thousands of Native American and environmental activists to leave their main encampment, known as Oceti Sakowin.
The camp lies just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation, on public land managed by the corps, close to the site where the disputed pipeline is slated to cross under the Missouri river. The tribe fears that the pipeline will jeopardize its water source and destroy sacred sites.
North Dakota's governor, Jack Dalrymple, has also ordered a mandatory evacuation of the area, citing concerns about the weather, but both state and federal officials say that no forced eviction is planned.
Despite the looming deadline, protesters continue to arrive at the snow-covered camp, where tipis, yurts, RVs, and wooden shelters have replaced the sea of camping tents that have housed thousands for months.
“This camp will make it all the way through winter very well,” said Jumping Buffalo, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe whose English name is Troy Fairbanks.
Jumping Buffalo was helping to coordinate the delivery of two trucks of firewood to feed the wood stoves that are keeping people warm.
Elsewhere in camp, 1,500lb of propane was delivered by truck, giant snowmen were decorated with anti-pipeline slogans, and men in pickup trucks and on bicycles towed children around on sleds.
Around midday on Friday, L'Oréal Black Shaw, an Oglala Lakota and Northern Arapaho as well as a US army veteran, spoke at the camp's central sacred fire of the contingent of 2,000 veterans who are travelling to the Standing Rock camps to provide support for the movement this weekend.
“We're here,” Black Shaw said to cheers. “Our mission is this: to be peaceful and prayerful. We have no other mission other than that.”
Getty Images
If the Browns violated any unwritten rules by claiming Seahawks right tackle Michael Bowie on waivers as the team tried to slip them through to injured reserve, the Browns weren't alone.
Per a league source, the Saints, Patriots, and Cowboys also made waivers claims for Bowie.
The Patriots are no surprise; they claimed Panthers sixth-round rookie running back Tyler Gaffney a week ago as Carolina tried to slide Gaffney, who suffered a knee injury, through to IR. New England will now carry Gaffney on the 90-man roster until the first cuts to 75, at which time they can be sent to injured reserve without exposing them to waivers.
Curtis Crabtree of KJR and the PFT weeknight graveyard shift points out that Bowie is expected to miss four-to-six months with a shoulder injury. Which means that the Browns most likely will put Bowie on injured reserve, eventually.
When it comes to gambling, many people rely on game theory, a branch of applied mathematics that attempts to measure the choices of others to inform their own decisions. It's used in economics, politics, medicine -- and, of course, Las Vegas. But recent findings from a Tel Aviv University researcher suggest that we may put ourselves on the winning side if we look to bacteria instead.
According to Prof. Eshel Ben-Jacob of Tel Aviv University's School of Physics and Astronomy, current game theory can't account for bacteria's natural decision-making abilities -- it's just too simplistic. Understanding bacteria's reactions to stressful and hazardous conditions may improve decision-making processes in any human arena from everyday life to political elections.
In a recent article published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science (PNAS), Prof. Ben-Jacob and their fellow researchers outline how decisions made by communities of bacteria trump game theory. "When human beings make a decision," they say, "they think they're being rational. We now understand that they're influenced by superfluous 'noise,' such as their cognitive state and the influence of others." Bacteria, they explain, are both simpler and more sophisticated -- they can more effectively control this superfluous noise and make group decisions that contribute to the well-being of the entire bacterial colony.
Looking out for the whole
Bacteria live in complex colonies that can be 100 times as numerous as the population of Earth. Under stressful circumstances, bacteria have demonstrated a capacity to assess the noisy and stressful environment around them, filter out what's relevant and what's not, and make decisions that ensure the survival of the colony as a whole.
For example, one bacterial response to starvation or poisoning is that a fraction of the cells "sporulate," enclosing their DNA in a capsule or spore as the mother cell dies. This, says Prof. Ben-Jacob, ensures the survival of the colony -- when the threat is removed, the spores can germinate and the colony grows again.
During this process, the bacteria "choose" whether or not to enter a state called "competence," in which bacteria change their membranes to more easily absorb substances from their neighboring, dying cells. As a result, they recover more quickly when the stress is gone. According to Prof. Ben-Jacob, it's a difficult choice -- in fact, a gamble. The decision to go into a state of competence only pays off if most of the cells decide to sporulate.
Indeed, observations show that only about 10% of cells decide to go into competence. So why don't all bacteria attempt to save themselves? Bacteria don't hide their intentions from their peers in the colony, they explain -- they don't lie or prevaricate, but communicate their intentions by sending chemical messages among themselves. Individual bacteria weigh their decisions carefully, taking into account the stress they are facing, the situation of their peers, the statistics of how many cells are sporulating and how many are choosing competence.
Facing tough choices
There are many times in life when humans face similar decisions, says Prof. Ben-Jacob. One example is choosing whether or not to be inoculated during flu season. Do you take the risk of the side effects and get inoculated, or do you trust that most of the people around you will get the vaccine and risk possible illness, sparing you both the disease and the side effects from the vaccine? How do politicians make decisions on key issues, such as national debt, that can harm and benefit society?
There will always be "noise" surrounding decision making, says Prof. Ben-Jacob, but like bacteria, we can use this information to make an action plan. Though bacteria react individually, they note, there is co-ordination between the cells. It's important to make choices that both benefit us as individuals but also as a group.
"Sometimes we need the restraint of the community," says Prof. Ben-Jacob. "As individuals we need to set some boundaries, and not just boost ourselves at the expense of others."
British Cycling have unveiled the Cervélo track bike its riders will be using in search of gold medals at the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Rio this summer. Related Articles Rio 2016 Olympic Games velodrome will be ready at the end of June, say organisers
UCI announces Rio Olympic Games Track schedule
Report: Mark Cavendish secures omnium selection for 2016 Olympic Games
Cycling NZ reveal new Avanti track bike for Rio Olympic Games
The best tech innovations on show at the Rio Olympic Games
Bradley Wiggins' team pursuit bike - Gallery
The Cervélo T5GB has been inspired by Formula One technology and is the result of extensive work – including hundreds of hours of wind-tunnel analysis – between Cervélo and the national federation at sites across Great Britain.
Great Britain swept the floor at the last Olympics on home soil four years ago, winning seven gold medals, a silver and a bronze – with no other nation coming close. Despite that success, the federation switched to Cervélo as its supplier 12 months ago, and this new bike is said to represent the "quest for continuous improvement".
It has been developed with collaboration from the Research and Innovation (R&I) team at the English Institute of Sport (EIS), which aims to ensure British athletes are among the best equipped in the world.
"The intelligence and expertise brought together by the partnership between British Cycling and Cervélo is unparalleled and, in record time, has delivered a bike which we are very excited about as we get closer to Rio," said Tony Purnell, head of technical development.
"It is our constant aim to ensure that the best athletes in the world are supported by the best equipment in the world. It's about the detail – achieving the very best of everything.
"This means that, even after the fantastic success we enjoyed at London 2012, we have been determined to work alongside Cervélo to build and improve on the equipment that has served us so well in the recent past. Without question, this bike represents that quest for continuous improvement."
Cervélo engineering director, Sean McDermott, added: “The uniquely short time frame and ambitious targets made this a challenging project, but now that the new bike is ready, it's clear that it was well worth it. We can't wait to see the T5GB in action in Rio."
Last week marked the inflection point many market pundits have been waiting for. The stage is set for the deepest global correction since the rally began in March, 2009.
As can be seen in the price action, the US and Europe remain most exposed to this potential sell-off. The long lost volatility is back across all asset classes, most notably equities and foreign exchange.
Last week, the Dow-Jones Industrial Average clocked its largest one day decline of 2014. The range of the moves on the equity benchmark has exceeded 2,000 points, or more than 10 percent of the value of the index. Commodity prices, especially energy, are breaking multi-year lows due to fears of a steeper than expected global slowdown. The IMF has too downgraded its economic growth projections.
Ok, but so what? One might simply argue that we have been in this situation before. Bad economic news is not supposed to be bad for the markets. As long as central banks sound dovish and keep the talk of further potential Quantitative Easing (QE) on the table, the risk on move will keep continuing. However, this time is different.
We are getting panic selling across markets and panic buying of bonds on fears of slowing global growth. However, the new information on global slowing may be less important than the realization that policymakers have few tools to deal with any kind of slowing, let alone a major shock according to Citibank.
The rates of G3 10-year bonds (that is government bonds issued in US dollars, yen and euro) now average 1.27 percent, within 10 basis points of the all-time pre-tapering low of 2013. So if the last 100 basis points of rate reduction did not stimulate global growth, it does not seem likely that another 20-30 basis points or so in the presence of negative demand shocks will do the trick.
This also explains why bad news has become bad news according to Citi analysts. Bad news for the economy is good news for asset markets if investors feel that the policy response will be effective in stimulating both activity and asset markets. When investors see no effective policy response on the growth side, at most another dose of quantitative easing, which is both politically unpopular and widely viewed as marginally effective.
Fed speakers such as Dudley and Kocherlakota may be thinking that they are spurring confidence by telling investors that the Fed is in no hurry to hike and that monetary policy will remain accommodative until economic data signals a change. But by doing so, they are only emphasizing the tentativeness of the recovery, the potential sensitivity to rate hikes, the possibility of negative shocks from abroad, and the view that full normalization remains years away according to Citibank.
The market takeaway from their comments has been that the US economy is not strong enough to stand on its own, leaving little hope for the rest of the world, which is already slowing.
According to economic theory: CPI * real GDP growth velocity * money supply/base.
Looking at St. Louis Fed's, "Velocity Of M2 Money Stock" it is currently at a new record low at 1.531 (Q2), with the velocity of the monetary base at around 4.3 according to Deutsche Bank. This means that every dollar in the monetary base was spent only 4.3 times in the economy during the past year, down from between 15-17.5 in the 10-15 years prior to the recession.
Clearly, easy money policies have exhibited the classic diminishing returns patterns and the market is smart enough to not buy into this again. The fire power of major central banks is all but over. Central banks will be coming to a gun fight with knives if things get worse from here on.
(Vatsal Srivastava is consulting editor for currencies and commodities with IANS. The views expressed are personal. They can be reached at vatsal.sriv@gmail.com)
When I first arrived at Orbit earlier this year the first book I read was PARASITE (US | UK | AUS) by New York Times bestselling author Mira Grant. Even though I'd been a huge admirer of their Newsflesh series I was not fully prepared for how it would affect me. One notable influence was that it added the unlikely element of paranoid thrills to a customarily mundane process: signing up for healthcare.
Ringing in my head as I reviewed benefits and added beneficiaries were these ominous words:
Your health is too important to trust to just anyone.
Choose SymboGen.
Choose freedom.
Thankfully their services were not on offer, but the machinations of this novel's medical corporation and the plight of Sally got inside my head with a riveting blend of creepy suspense, complex characters, and a terrifyingly believable look at science gone extremely wrong.
Parasite, the first book in Mira Grant's Parasitology series, is out today and you should not miss out.
But don't take my word for it:
“A creepy spine-tingler of a medical thriller”— Charles Stross
“An incredible, disturbingly plausible tale of what happens to a world where medical treatments have minds of their own.” — io9.com
“A riveting near-future medical thriller that reads like the genetically-engineered love child of Robin Cook and Michael Crichton.” — John Joseph Adams
“It's a whole lot of awesome.”— Tor.com
“An exceptionally creepy medical-horror thriller that's the perfect spine-tingling read for Halloween.”— Fort Worth Star-Telegram
“Grant extends the zombie theme of their Newsflesh trilogy to incorporate thoughtful reflections on biomedical issues that are both ominously challenging and eerily plausible. Sally is a complex, compassionate character, well suited to this exploration of trust, uncertainty, and the price of progress.”— Publishers Weekly
“Fans of [the Newsflesh] series will definitely want to check this new book out. But fans of Michael Crichton-style technothrillers will be equally enthralled: as wild as Grant's premise is, the novel is firmly anchored in real-world science and technology.” — Booklist
“PARASITE will be hard to dislodge from your brain.”— SciFi Magazine
PARASITE is out now in hardcover and ebook. For more about the book, visit symbogen.net or follow @SymboGenCorp on Twitter, and check here to see all the book tour dates.
In the nine weeks since Republican Rep. Tom Emmer was sworn in, they have attended an NAACP gathering in St. Cloud, the Martin Luther King Jr. breakfast in Minneapolis and marched in the same Alabama civil rights parade as President Obama.
They have had one-on-one breakfasts and coffees with more than a dozen Democrats and Republicans on their subcommittees and on one recent Saturday around midnight, lambasted their party for holding up cash to fund the Department of Homeland Security.
In other words, Emmer, a one-time gubernatorial candidate who replaced Tea Party firebrand Rep. Michele Bachmann, the man who for years made headlines for their conservative fire and edgy ideas, is calming down.
That doesn't mean he's less conservative. More than 97 percent of the votes he's cast in the past two months are in line with GOP leadership. Emmer vociferously supported building the Keystone pipeline and recently touted the need for Israel to defend itself after hearing from the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the U.S. Capitol — a speech so controversial among Democrats that a handful, Sen. Al Franken and Rep. Betty McCollum among them, boycotted it.
Yet gone — or at least pushed beneath the surface — is the Emmer some Minnesotans may remember, a take-no-prisoners state lawmaker who called for chemically castrating sex offenders, halting funding of prenatal care for undocumented immigrants and letting pharmacists reject prescriptions on moral grounds.
In their first few months in Washington, Emmer has not yet authored any bills. They have spent substantial time reaching across the aisle to Democrats for breakfasts and coffees — an attempt at comity they say will aid them in the future.
Emmer took a phone call in their Otsego office. At a recent meeting with the NAACP, they described themselves as working in Congress' “customer service department.”
They want everyone to know that they still have the same beliefs as they did in the early days — they just has a different approach.
“Before, probably because of my training, being an advocate, before I had a different approach,” Emmer said. “In a legislative forum, this environment, it's more about winning people over and not running them over. … I think I had to learn that.”
After Obama's sixth State of the Union address in January, and Emmer's first, the member of congress e-mailed out a statement calling on Congress to work together with the president.
“It was an honor to hear from the president this evening,” Emmer said. “If he's ready to get to work on the change that Americans demanded last November, Congress will be here waiting.”
Emmer's diplomatic tone has taken both their allies and foes by surprise. After seeing Emmer at the recent Twin Cities MLK breakfast, one DFL operative privately murmured that the member of congress “wasn't making any mistakes.” A local Tea Party leader sharply rebuked Emmer in a blog post for their vote in support of funding the Department of Homeland Security.
“One of the things they emphasized leading up to being elected was that they didn't want to necessarily be combative,” said Luke Yurczyk, GOP chair for the Sixth Congressional District. “I think the district wants a fighter, but I think they aren't necessarily interested in political games. I think they understand that.”
Even though they haven't agreed with their votes, Jessica Andrist, a DFLer in their district, called Emmer's approach a welcome departure from Bachmann's constant limelight-seeking.
“He hopefully will listen to constituents,” they said. “Hopefully he'll be less embarrassing than Michele Bachmann.”
Emmer is modest — even soft-spoken — when describing their job representing the roughly 760,000 souls in Minnesota's Sixth District. When they walked into the NAACP meeting in St. Cloud and sat in the back, they say they told the crowd of about 25, “I'm from the customer service department from the U.S. Congress, and I work for you.”
Emmer acknowledges being chastened by their narrow gubernatorial loss in 2010 — Gov. Mark Dayton beat them by less than a percentage point — and by the steep learning curve and entrenched pecking order in Washington.
They have yet to find an apartment in Washington. Instead, they say, they have prioritized spending their three to four nights a week here attending events and trying to scratch out time for one-on-ones with Republicans and Democrats on the subcommittees.
When they wrap up business each day at 9 or 10 p.m., the 54-year-old married father of six pulls an air mattress out of a storage closet in the Cannon House Office Building, lugs it into their office and makes it up with sheets and blankets. Emmer wakes up every morning at 4:30 or 5 a.m. to hit the treadmill in the House gym and then shower.
“There is no breathing room,” they said. “None.”
Emmer notes their strategy is part first-year student humility and part example-setting for what they hope Republicans will embrace in the coming key political years, including the 2016 presidential race. They recently authored an op-ed in The Hill newspaper detailing their plans to replace the Affordable Care Act.
“Republicans in general, instead of constantly being in a spat with the president, they need to be leading for the American public to see,” Emmer said. “We may not get a president who will sign a Keystone bill or get rid of the FCC takeover of the Internet … but at least the American public will know what we stand for, who should be leading America.”
Jack Rogers, president of the Minnesota Tea Party Alliance and a constituent of Emmer's, recently spoke out against Emmer's votes to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security and to support Rep. John Boehner as House speaker. Rogers acknowledged receiving a lengthy phone call from Emmer after expressing their concerns.
GLEN STUBBE • gstubbe@startribune.com Rep. Tom Emmer, right, was challenged by Tea Party Patriots co-coordinator Ben Riechers for voting to approve funding to the Department of Homeland Security during a recent meeting with the conservative group in Brooklyn Center.
“Tom and I are friends, and it's like having a brother or a best friend and all of a sudden they're not thinking along the same paradigms as you are,” Rogers said. “It takes you off guard.”
Emmer has some ambitions for their party and potential problems they could tackle before the next election — including a tax code overhaul and a number of bills that would cut regulations.
But acknowledging where they are in Washington's grand order, Emmer says it is most important that they keep their priorities local. They also laughed loudly when asked about higher ambitions — perhaps another run at governor.
“People who say they are one thing today and try to do something else tomorrow is exactly what's wrong with the political process,” they said. “I have no desire today to do anything different than what I'm doing now.”
Allison Sherry • 1-202-383-6120
In classrooms and everyday conversation, explanations of global warming hinge on the greenhouse gas effect. In short, climate depends on the balance between two different kinds of radiation: The Earth absorbs incoming visible light from the sun, called “shortwave radiation,” and emits infrared light, or “longwave radiation,” into space.
Upsetting that energy balance are rising levels of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), that increasingly absorb some of the outgoing longwave radiation and trap it in the atmosphere. Energy accumulates in the climate system, and warming occurs. But in a paper out this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, MIT researchers show that this canonical view of global warming is only half the story.
In computer modeling of Earth's climate under elevating CO 2 concentrations, the greenhouse gas effect does indeed lead to global warming. Yet something puzzling happens: While one would expect the longwave radiation that escapes into space to decline with increasing CO 2 , the amount actually begins to rise. At the same time, the atmosphere absorbs more and more incoming solar radiation; it's this enhanced shortwave absorption that ultimately sustains global warming.
“The finding was a curiosity, conflicting with the basic understanding of global warming,” says lead author Aaron Donohoe, a former MIT postdoc who is now a research associate at the University of Washington's Applied Physics Laboratory. “It made us think that there must be something really weird going in the models in the years after CO 2 was added. We wanted to resolve the paradox that climate models show warming via enhanced shortwave radiation, not decreased longwave radiation.”
Donohoe, along with MIT postdoc Kyle Armour and others at Washington, spent many a late night throwing out guesses as to why climate models generate this illogical finding before realizing that it makes perfect sense — but for reasons no one had clarified and laid down in the literature.
They found the answer by drawing on both computer simulations and a simple energy-balance model. As longwave radiation gets trapped by CO 2 , the Earth starts to warm, impacting various parts of the climate system. Sea ice and snow cover melt, turning brilliant white reflectors of sunlight into darker spots. The atmosphere grows moister because warmer air can hold more water vapor, which absorbs more shortwave radiation. Both of these feedbacks lessen the amount of shortwave radiation that bounces back into space, and the planet warms rapidly at the surface.
Meanwhile, like any physical body experiencing warming, Earth sheds longwave radiation more effectively, canceling out the longwave-trapping effects of CO 2 . However, a darker Earth now absorbs more sunlight, tipping the scales to net warming from shortwave radiation.
“So there are two types of radiation important to climate, and one of them gets affected by CO 2 , but it's the other one that's directly driving global warming — that's the surprising thing,” says Armour, who is a postdoc in MIT's Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences.
Out in the real world, aerosols in air pollution act to reflect a lot of sunlight, and so Earth has not experienced as much warming from shortwave solar radiation as it otherwise might have. But the authors calculate that enough warming will have occurred by midcentury to switch the main driver of global warming to increased solar radiation absorption.
The paper is not challenging the physics of climate models; its value lies in helping the community interpret their output. “While this study does not change our understanding of the fundamentals of global warming, it is always useful to have simpler models that help us understand why our more comprehensive climate models sometimes behave in superficially counterintuitive ways,” says Isaac Held, a senior scientist at NOAA's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory who was not involved in this research.
One way the study can be useful is in guiding what researchers look for in satellite observations of Earth's radiation budget, as they track anthropogenic climate change in the decades to come. “I think the default assumption would be to see the outgoing longwave radiation decrease as greenhouse gases rise, but that's probably not going to happen,” Donohoe says. “We would actually see the absorption of shortwave radiation increase. Will we actually ever see the longwave trapping effects of CO 2 in future observations? I think the answer is probably no.”
The study sorts out another tricky climate-modeling issue — namely, the substantial disagreement between different models in when shortwave radiation takes over the heavy lifting in global warming. The authors demonstrate that the source of the differences lies in the way in which a model represents changes in cloud cover with global warming, another big factor in how well Earth can reflect shortwave solar energy.
The work was supported by the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Adminstration, the James S. McDonnell Foundation, and the National Science Foundation.
A few weeks ago, Lions defensive lineman Ndamukong Suh was whistled for an illegal horse-collar tackle of Cowboys running back Marion Barber. Thing is, replays showed that Suh grabbed Barber not by the back of their collar, but by their dreadlocks -- a totally legal action. Of course, it wasn't the first time a guy had been tackled by their tuft. The fact that more players aren't snagged by their shocks is, well, shocking -- especially when you consider the sheer volume of hair in the league.
Pay close attention to your big screen on Sunday afternoons and you will notice linebackers, wide receivers, offensive linemen -- they've all gone long. Even Tom Brady, the erstwhile King of Clean-Cut, is steering clear of the shears. In today's NFL, hair is becoming a part of a football player's uniform, like pads and cleats.
Approximately 180 active pros boast locks that are at least shoulder-length. The NFC North, not surprisingly, boasts more long-haired players (29) than any other division.
Offensive players account for 37 percent of that group. Among those, the receiver position has the most longhairs per capita (12.3 percent), followed by running back (10.3 percent) and O-lineman (7.9 percent). The shaggiest position, by far, is defensive back (32 percent). And why wouldn't it be? Defensive backs are rarely tackled, and wide receivers aren't likely to pinch their locks, a fate some D-linemen and linebackers suffer at the hands of offensive linemen. Of course, Dolphins cornerback Al Harris offers another explanation: "They all grew up watching Al Harris," they say. A 14-year veteran who started growing their trademark dreadlocks as a rookie in 1997, Harris is, by most accounts, the league's father of frizz. "He's the first player I saw wearing dreads," says 23-year-old Lions defensive back Louis Delmas.
Delmas is just one of many young players who've embraced long hair. Al Messerschmidt/Getty Images
The tribe of NFL players rocking long locks crosses a wide spectrum, but its members are all similar in their borderline manic approach to their mane. Packers linebacker Clay Matthews regularly douses their head with water during games to keep away odor. "Despite what people may think," says Matthews, "my hair smells quite fantastic." Cards receiver Larry Fitzgerald has a full-on salon in their master bathroom -- complete with black leather pump chair, wash basin, TV, even a cone-of-silence hair dryer -- where they spend every Friday evening during the season. "There are two types of dudes in the NFL," says Fitzgerald, who started growing out their hair in 2003 to honor their late mother. "The dudes who care about their dreads and the dudes who don't."
Delmas is clearly the poster child for the Dudes Who Don't Care contingent. Instead of using a froufrou line like Paul Mitchell Tea Tree (a fave of Fitzgerald, Sidney Rice and T.J. Houshmandzadeh), Delmas relies on Luster's Pink Oil Moisturizer Hair Lotion, which you can get at Walgreen's for less than five bucks. And unlike the droves of dreadheads who protect their tresses with a skully -- the stretchy, black, league-issued cap that guys wear under a helmet -- Delmas wears nothing. "Only dudes with pretty-boy dreads wear caps," they say. Delmas also likes the way live game action turns their locks into a 'fro almost instantaneously. "It gives you an extra cushion." But not enough. Delmas suffered a concussion in a Week 15 game against the Bucs.
Whether guys sport lengthy locks for reasons of style, spirituality or practicality, there's one thing they can agree on: On Sundays, hair is fair game. That's been the case ever since 2003, when the NFL implemented the so-called Ricky Rule. After Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was dragged down twice by their dreads, the league announced that any hair that falls outside of the helmet is part of the uniform.
So when Delmas watched their teammate Suh yank Barber's bristles, a single thought ran through their head: That was a nice tackle. Fitzgerald believes their fellow ballcarriers have to recognize they're playing with fire: "Wear your hair long," they say. "But accept the consequences." That's fine by Bengals linebacker Rey Maualuga, who's taken a Samson-like vow never to cut their coif. "We're coached to bring a guy down," they say. "We do that by any means necessary."
So should we expect to see Falcons wideout Roddy White or Pats running back BenJarvus Green-Ellis regularly tossed around by their locks this postseason? Hopefully not. "If a guy's close enough to grab your hair," says Houshmandzadeh, "then he's close enough to make a proper tackle."
In any case, it's only a matter of time before hair starts creeping back into helmets. In 2008, NFL owners considered but ultimately tabled a rule that would've outlawed hair that covered the name on a player's jersey. Two years later, a recession might already be underway. Bears receiver Devin Hester, a longtime longhair, swapped their dreads for a Mohawk earlier this year. "Styles ebb and flow," says USC professor Todd Boyd, a pop culture expert. "One day it's just over."
One way to predict the end of the trend? Says Fitzgerald, "If Peyton and Eli Manning start growing their hair out, you know it's time to cut yours off."
Eddie Matz is a senior writer for ESPN The Magazine.
There are various comments/questions being raised about the current state of our national political condition, and the potential for failure toward the goal of MAGA in 2016.
To those voices specifically; to the members of the Rebel Alliance who hold trepidation about the possibility of losing; to people holding these concerns, I would like to take a moment and present an alternate perspective.
If you were to ask a general question about the beginning of the American Revolution to a thousand average educated Americans, the customary reference point would be the Boston Tea Party. Ask what was the issue and you'll hear the phrase: “taxation without representation“. England, and specifically King George, being the essential tax benefactor.
Fair enough, albeit modestly simplistic. Using that historic reference framework, and attempting to carry a crude analogy forward, I would argue we've already well passed the dumping of the proverbial tea phase.
After the famous Boston Tea Party, the British Parliament responded in 1774 with the Coercive Acts, or Intolerable Acts, which, among other provisions, ended local self-government in Massachusetts and closed Boston's commerce. This only increased the resolve of the Sons of Liberty. King George sent 4,000 British troops under the command of General Thomas Gage to occupy Boston.
The Sons of Liberty (Sam Adams, John Hancock etc) essentially became an insurgency within Boston and continued their organizational efforts after the occupying British forces disbanded local and provincial government.
Adams, Hancock and the Son's of Liberty formed the Provincial Congress, and subversively organized teams of local militias and coordinated the accumulation of, and hiding of weapons, and other military supplies.
The key point to note is during the phase after the Boston tea destruction and prior to the battles of Lexington and Concord, the activity was insurgent. General Thomas Gage and their army ruled the commonwealth, the Sons of Liberty used stealth and secrecy to operate.
In 2016 we have already passed the destruction of the tea phase when we, like the Sons of Liberty, united to break the grip of the DC UniParty and successfully nominated Donald Trump. We did not fracture tea boxes, we fractured a rigged political system. We are not currently fighting taxation without representation per se'; we are fighting legislation without representation.
And, just the British Parliament, the response from the DC UniParty was fast, strong and severe. Instead of a British army, the DC UniParty dispatched every media tool, every Wall Street financier, almost all popular culture figures, and every available ounce of leverage they have to retain their grip on power, against us.
As a specific and direct consequence, we now hold a tenuous stake in a new Republican party. And just like the provincial congress, our efforts have shifted into the Deplorable insurgency phase. While the army of the MSM marches in the streets 24/7 via broadcast and print media against us, we moderate our visibility on alternate/new media.
The analogy is a critical frame of reference because the time for wondering about “what if” has passed. We have already destroyed the tea. There is no retreat from this moment, and more importantly, we have nothing left to lose.
There are many who use a frame of reference about ‘saving a constitutional republic‘; while I do not mean to be dismissive of this benevolent sensibility – in case you have not been paying attention we've long since passed the threshold of that possibility.
The architecture of our own U.S. government is now operating independent of the electorate (Obamacare, Omnibus etc.). Congress is consistently passing legislation without appropriate representation (PR Bailout, Ominbus, Corker/Cardin amendment, Fast-Track Trade Authorization etc.), and the various operational constructs, divisions, and agencies within the DC UniParty are now fully weaponized against us (IRS targeting, FBI Comey/email non-finding, etc.).
Whether we like to admit it or not, just like the futuristic Skynet, our government has become self-aware, risk adverse and is intent on sustaining its UniParty agenda against any threat, risk or voice that might rise in opposition.
During the presidential debate NBC moderator Lester Holt said: “stop and frisk has been determined to be unconstitutional“. What would Holt's response have been if Donald Trump simply said: “lets have that conversation with the TSA at an airport“?
Think about it.
The concept of freedom is usefully pushed by the media -in the above example Lester Holt- to retain a false premise, an illusion. The reality is, we have long since passed all historic references to that concept. Listening to Old Yeller Levin shout about it philosophically on talk radio isn't going to make it come back.
♦ Current legal and judicial interpretations of the: “2001 Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act” also known as the “Patriot Act“, resoundingly agree that if you are within 100 miles of a U.S. border the typical interpretations of constitutional rights no longer apply because you are within a specific geographic zone where governmental limits on search, seizure and detention are suspended by the needs of the modern law.
This is where people take out a map and draw a 100 mile interior line on it to figure out if you live within the remaining zone of constitutional protection. Keep in mind, a state like Florida is less than 200 miles wide and the border is both the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean – do the math.
My larger point in this perspective is this: If you are concerned about this election because you are anxious about losing something, forget it – what you are worried about has already been lost, you just haven't noticed it yet.
This election is not about winning and losing. While you were sleeping that war was already fought, and lost. The system is already rigged now, you cannot stop the rigging from taking place. Done is done. Debating whether to give national leadership power is moot when they already have it.
The accurate perspective for this election is we are trying to block those who are now in control of a weaponized government from doing even more damage TO US with the power of the UniParty they already possess.
This distinction is critical. This distinction defines the insurgent nature of this specific campaign.
Make America Great Again, is a vague concept more akin to grabbing the power cord feeding the UniParty, ripping it from the wall, and shutting down the out-of-control Skynet U.S. Federal Government. Only when the entire apparatus has been halted can we begin the evaluating, dismantling and cutting it down to brass tacks phase.
Don't worry about tone folks. We don't have time for tone conversation. Grab your section of Bangalore and wait for your call.
Advertisements
According to Pakistani law, Ahmadis cannot call themselves Muslims or practice Islam. They can't recite the declaration of faith or the call for prayer. They can't build mosques that look like conventional mosques—or even call them “mosques.” If they use any Islamic words (including something as basic as inscribing a Qur'anic verse on a wedding invitation) they can be prosecuted.
The legislation effectively ensured that Ahmadis were treated as heretics and pariahs in Pakistan.
In 2010, militants besieged two Ahmadi mosques in the city of Lahore, killing over 90 people. Mobs routinely attack Ahmadi neighborhoods and mosques, often stoked by falsified blasphemy allegations. Calling someone an “Ahmadi” is the easiest way to discredit a person. In recent years, rumors of “being Ahmadi”—framed as a xenophobic allegation—have circulated about everyone from an officer in the running to head the army who was rumored to have Ahmadi relatives to a federal cabinet member who was asked point-blank about their faith on a talk show. Praising an Ahmadi is virtually unheard of.
It's safe to assume that had Ali been a Sunni Muslim, Pakistanis would have been falling over themselves to praise him. Pakistanis are quick to seize on the achievements of any Muslim and herald it as their own, or to celebrate conversions to Islam.
But Ahmadis don't fit the bill.
And Lodhi isn't the first prominent Pakistani to backtrack on congratulating someone after discovering they're Ahmadi. In 2014, the politician Imran Khan, whose Tehreek-e-Insaf party is an opposition party in Pakistan, declared that were they in power, they would pick people like the Princeton professor and economist Atif Mian for their cabinet. What Khan apparently didn't know was that Mian is Ahmadi. A few days later, Khan declared that they had no idea about Mian's faith and went on to repudiate Ahmadi beliefs.
The conservative actor Hamza Ali Abbasi, a Khan supporter, chimed in by “congratulating” Ali on social media while tacking on a caveat: “I highly disagree with your Ahmadi/Qadiyani religion and my countrymen think you are not Muslim.”
As news spread of Ali's Oscar win, Ahmadis posted online accounts of their conversion, in which the Moonlight and House of Cards actor described their emotional response to prayer, their initial concerns about joining the Ahmadiyya faith, and their experiences with other Muslims. It's hard to imagine what it must feel like for an Ahmadi kid growing up in Pakistan to see an actor from their faith recognized as a Muslim, to see a fellow Ahmadi featured in the headlines not as a victim or as a target of persecution, but as a success.
Pakistan has systematically erased Ahmadis and their achievements from the public consciousness. The most glaring example: Its first Nobel Prize winner, the noted physicist Dr. Abdus Salam—who quoted from the Qur'an in their 1979 acceptance speech and said Pakistan was thankful for the honor—is barely mentioned in Pakistan. Nor has their groundbreaking work been celebrated. Instead, the word “Muslim” was removed from their tombstone to comply with anti-Ahmadi laws. Belatedly, the government renamed a physics center after them last year. And while an envoy to the United Nations might have to delete a tweet about an Ahmadi now, it is in the UN that Pakistan's first foreign minister, an Ahmadi, served as the country's representative and was president of the General Assembly.
Brow Beat is following the Beatles in “real time,” 50 years later, from their first chart-topper to their final rooftop concert. 50 years ago this week, John Lennon went on a holiday to Spain with manager Brian Epstein. Speculation has surrounded the trip ever since.
It was at Paul McCartney's 21st birthday party that John Lennon finally snapped. Rumors had been flying around for months, ever since Lennon's vacation with Beatles manager Brian Epstein, who was gay. The rest of the band had gone to the Canary Islands, but Lennon, who had met their newborn son only two weeks before, flew with Epstein to Barcelona. “Come on, John, tell me about you and Brian,” Bob Wooler said, as Lennon recalled years later, “We all know.”
Before they knew it, Lennon was “beating the shit out of him, hitting them with a big stick,” as Lennon themselves later said. Wooler suffered a black eye and bruised ribs, and it could have been worse. “I can kill this guy,” Lennon remembered thinking. Within a few days, the story was among the Beatles' first national press, in the pages of the British tabloid the Daily Mirror. “I don't know why they did it. I was booted in the face. I begged them to stop,” Wooler reportedly told the Mirror.
Why did Lennon do it? They were known for their fiery temper, and had hit others before, including their wife Cynthia. And they were drunk—the kind of drunk “where you want to drink out of all the empty glasses,” as they put it. But they aren't usually this violent. “I must have been frightened of the fag in me to get so angry,” they later explained.
What really happened in Spain? The truth is murky, and with Lennon and Epstein both dead, we will probably never know. But it's not as if no one has spoken about it. Lennon remembers watching Epstein, who was gay, “picking up boys”:
It was my first experience with a homosexual that I was conscious was a homosexual. We used to sit in a café in Torremolinos looking at all the boys and I'd say, “Do you like that one? Do you like that one?” I was rather enjoying the experience, thinking like a writer all the time: “I am experiencing this.”
“It was almost a love affair, but not quite,” they went on to explain. “It was not consummated. But it was a pretty intense relationship.” Lennon also stood by this story in a 1971 interview with Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone: They liked “playing a bit faggy,” Lennon said, “We didn't have an affair, though.” McCartney also remembers Lennon denying it: Asked whether they had ever had a homosexual experience, Lennon reportedly said, “No, I haven't met a fellow I fancy enough.”
Though they denied it in interviews, others claim Lennon gave different answers off the record. In their 2006 memoir The Beatles, Football And Me, official Beatles biographer Hunter Davies wrote that Lennon told them that they did have a “one-night stand” with Epstein while in Spain. “John wasn't a homosexual, but they were daft enough to try anything once,” Davies explains. On the other hand, Davies notes, Lennon had a tendency to exaggerate, so they don't take this as proof that the affair actually happened. The steamiest account comes from Lennon's childhood friend Pete Shotton. According to Shotton, Lennon told them that they were eventually worn down by Epstein's advances, and so they let Epstein “toss [him] off.” But Shotton says that neither they nor Lennon thought much of this gesture.
Why did Lennon run off with Epstein in the first place, if it wasn't for anything romantic? McCartney has offered their own theory:
John was a smart cookie. Brian was gay, and John saw their opportunity to impress upon Mr. Epstein who was the boss of the group. I think that's why they went on holiday with Brian. … They were that kind of guy; they wanted Brian to know whom they should listen to. That was the relationship. John was very much the leader in that way, although it was never actually said.
That trip to Spain would continue to attract interest—The Hours and Times, a fictionalized movie about the holiday, was released in 1992—but there weren't many other whispers about Lennon's sexuality after the Wooler incident. Lennon themselves seemed to become less macho, more comfortable with their sexuality. Yoko Ono later recalled how Lennon would tell her, “Do you know why I like you? Because you look like a bloke in drag. You're like a mate.” Because of this, they say they would call them a “closet fag,” and they don't mention them having any problem with this. Looking back, they later said, “if somebody said it now, I wouldn't give a shit.”
Read more recent posts from Blogging the Beatles
The Songs the Beatles Gave Away
The Beatles Meet the Stones
John Lennon Has a Secret Wife and Son
The Beatles Rock a Boarding School
The Beatles Lead a Movement
The Beatles Become the Headliners
The UN has launched an urgent investigation following claims that its peacekeepers in South Sudan turned a blind eye to a brutal attack on foreign aid workers in which several women were raped and beaten.
On July 11, South Sudanese troops who had just won a battle in the capital of Juba went on a nearly four-hour rampage through a residential compound popular with foreigners, in one of the worst targeted attacks on aid workers in South Sudan's three-year civil war.
They shot dead a local journalist while forcing the foreigners to watch, raped several foreign women, singled out Americans, beat and robbed people and carried out mock executions. For hours throughout the assault, the U.N. peacekeeping force stationed less than a mile away refused to respond to desperate calls for help.
Neither did embassies, including the U.S. Embassy.
"They were very excited, very drunk, under the influence of something, almost a mad state, walking around shooting off rounds inside the rooms," one American said.
TEL AVIV – A Jordanian economic analyst who claimed on national television that the Rothschild family was the “founder of the United States [who] assassinated six U.S. presidents” has been exposed as a fugitive on the FBI's Most Wanted List on charges of fraud to the tune of several million dollars, the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) reported.
As Breitbart Jerusalem reported, an anti-Semitic program recently aired on Jordan's Altaghier TV hosted “financial expert” Mohammad Sami Abugoush who claimed that “the Jews” control the White House and are also willfully withholding the cure for diseases including cancer and AIDS.
On Tuesday, MEMRI revealed that Abugoush, who also accuses Jews of controlling the world's banks, can be found under the “Fugitive” tab on the “Most Wanted” section of the FBI's website.  They are wanted on several counts of fraud dating back more than a decade and amounting to millions of dollars.
In 2005, the FBI said, Abugoush “was charged with conspiracy to commit credit card fraud after they allegedly committed more than one million dollars in credit card fraud.”
“Abugoush was a mid-level member of a large Middle Eastern Criminal Enterprise (MECE) operating in New Jersey and elsewhere. The MECE was engaged in numerous financial fraud schemes and was linked to approximately seven million dollars in fraud,” the website added.
It also said that in 2010 “a federal arrest warrant was issued for Abugoush after they were charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud.”
Abugoush said the Rothschilds are “prophets of money and bonds.”
As well as controlling “half of the world's wealth,” they claimed the family, which they repeatedly noted are Jewish, also own “one-third of the planet's fresh water,” Abugoush said.
The Rothschild family also has “the final say regarding the price of gold around the world, controls the American media and owns most of the world's banks,” Abugoush's wild conspiracy went.
They also “own CNN and Hollywood” as well as “80% of Israeli settlements.”
“Any leader who refused to deal with the Rothschilds would be assassinated. They would be killed, ostracized or accused of being crazy,” they charged.
Abugoush further claimed that the Rothschilds were behind the “assassinations” of U.S. presidents Lincoln, Kennedy, Garfield, Harrison, Tyler and Jackson. Abugoush's wild claims ignore that neither Harrison, Tyler nor Jackson were assassinated. Jackson escaped an assassination attempt while Harrison died of a pneumonia.
Watch the video of Abugoush's interview below.
Four members of a family arrested in Madhya Pradesh under the Freedom of Religion Act.
Four members of a family who have converted to Islam were arrested last night in Madhya Pradesh, hours after they told a court that they had not been forced into adopting another religion. Seven others have been held for questioning.Tularam Jatav, their son Keshav and relatives Manikram and Makhubhai Jatav were arrested on Wednesday under the state's Freedom of Religion Act, which allows conversions only if the district administration has verified that they are not forced. Those wanting to change their religion have to seek the state's permission.All four, if found guilty, face two years in jail.On Tuesday, when the Jatav family went to a district magistrate with affidavits affirming that they were converting willingly, a large group of activists from the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and Bajrang Dal arrived too, and started protesting and chanting slogans. Later, an FIR was filed against the Jatavs and a team was sent to their house.The VHP and Bajrang Dal are both part of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh-led pro-Hindu conglomerate that includes the state's ruling BJP.Officials say the Jatavs appear to have violated the law, as the probe team had learnt that they had switched to Islam months ago without informing the government.Tularam Jatav reportedly converted to Islam two years ago, but retracted the move to settle a property dispute. Last year, they reportedly converted to Islam again, this time along with their son and two relatives.Others in their village went to the police on August 28 and alleged that forced conversions were taking place in the family. The Jatavs denied it twice, but yesterday, shortly after they tried to submit affidavits in a court, they were held."We have not been forced to convert; we were inspired by the teachings of Islam. This is an unnecessary controversy," said Keshav Jatav, before being taken into custody. A police team will now investigate the villagers' allegation.
MJ. Photo: LUKE FRAZZA
Michael Jackson's Thriller is the first album to notch 30-million Stateside sales, Billboard reports, meaning it's the first album to go platinum 30 times and it's impressive if you've never heard of it. The milestone, announced Wednesday, is a reminder that Jackson is the bestselling musical artist of all time, with more than 100-million Thriller sales worldwide and 1-billion total sales to their name, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. The album quickly began breaking records upon its 1982 release, going multi-platinum 20 times by 1984.
“I wake up from dreams and go, Wow, put this down on paper,” Jackson told Rolling Stone, of the album's creative process in 1983. “The whole thing is strange. You hear the words, everything is right there in front of your face. And you say to yourself, I'm sorry, I just didn't write this. It's there already. That's why I hate to take credit for the songs I've written. I feel that somewhere, someplace, it's been done and I'm just a courier bringing it into the world. I really believe that. I love what I do. I'm happy at what I do. It's escapism.”
BART wants new tracks too, and will send someone in person to tell you all about it
RICHMOND, CA - OCTOBER 18: Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) trains sit idle at a BART maintenance facility on the first day of the BART strike on October 18, 2013 in Richmond, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) less RICHMOND, CA - OCTOBER 18: Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) trains sit idle at a BART maintenance facility on the first day of the BART strike on October 18, 2013 in Richmond, California. (Photo by Justin ... more Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close BART wants new tracks too, and will send someone in person to tell you all about it 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BART has heard your complaints. BART feels for you. BART seems sad too.
After "44 years of service and hundreds of millions of trips," the transit system is aiming to put a new general obligation bond on the ballot to raise $3.5 billion in funding to "repair and replace critical safety infrastructure" and "expand opportunities to safely access stations."
BART's new plan comes via an eight page PDF brochure for its "Better BART" public outreach program, which outlines the various ways the organization needs to update and upgrade the service's various shortcomings. The news comes after months of delays, mystery "glitches," and news of fake cameras plagued BART's reputation.
To succeed in getting funding, the company needs your input and participation (and your votes, but it can't say that). BART will even send someone to tell you and a bunch of your friends all about its shiny new plan if you ask nicely enough, because communication is at the top of the to-do list.
One of the organization's more recent features is a "personal presentation" option, wherein "Better BART" officials "discuss how we come up with the lifespan of our tens of thousands of infrastructure assets, how we would protect their investment if they chose, and answer questions about BART."
In other words, if you've got burning questions about BART, they'll be ready to answer them, because they want new tracks just as badly as we do.
But BART is limited in how much it can do in terms of passing the bond. The organization is quick to note that as a public agency, it cannot ask people to vote for its own measure, but it can give riders facts about its plan, and "demonstrate [its] need."
"BART knows best about how we need to go about fixing what needs fixing here, but we wanted to start a conversation with people so they understood our needs clearly," BART Communications officer Taylor Huckaby told SFGATE. "We need input in order to communicate effectively."
Max Romeo – “Valley Of Jehosaphat” from the album “Open The Iron Gate”.
If you like this you can buy the CD from Amazon here.
Born Maxwell Livingston Smith on 22 November 1944 in Alexandria in St. Ann, Jamaica.
In 2014 they released the album Father and Sons, a collaboration with their sons Ronaldo and Romario.
Open The Iron Gate
1) Every Man Ought To Know 2) Revelation Time – Hammer And Sickle 3) No Peace 4) Tacko 5) Blood Of The Prophets 6) Warning Warning – Version 7) A Quarter Pound Of I'cense 8) Three Blind Mice 9) Open The Iron Gates Parts 1 & 2 10) Valley Of Jehosaphat – Version 11) Fire Fe The Vatican 12) Melt Away
Musicians
Drums: Carlton Barrett & Santa Davis & Mikey Boo Richards & Derrick Stewart
Bass: Fully Fullwood & Aston Barrett & Clive Hunt & Geoffrey Chung
Guitar: Geoffrey Chung & Phil Callendar & Tony Chin & Chinna
Keyboards: Clive Hunt & Touter Harvey & Robert Lynn & Michael Murray & Tyrone Downie
Horns: Dirty Harry & Bobby Ellis & Tommy McCook
Percussions: Michael Murray & Lee Perry & Clive Hunt
Harmonica: Tyrone Downie
BUENOS AIRES — A thick slab of grass-fed sirloin dripping in its own juices: so many Argentines consider such a feast a birthright to be enjoyed regularly that one president in the 1990s quipped to an American magazine, “Tell your readers, ‘Don't come to my country if they're vegetarian.' ”
But tastes change, even here.
Beef consumption in this red-meat colossus has decreased so much over the decades that the nation recently fell from its perch as the world's top per capita consumer of beef, a title Argentine ranchers are fighting to regain from their tiny neighbor, Uruguay. In another jolt, a study warned that pizzerias could soon outnumber steakhouses in this city.
As if that were not enough to rattle the national psyche, Argentina slipped into 11th place, behind countries like New Zealand and Mexico, in the global ranking of beef exporters this year, prompting solemn reactions like one in a major newspaper that declared it “the end of a reign.”
“We live, at this moment, immersed in shame,” the writer Diego Vecino said in a recent 4,000-plus-word magazine article that explored declining beef consumption. “In the last few years, our Argentine national identity has been roughed up as never before,” they lamented, in a slightly tongue-in-cheek fashion. “The ritual of the barbecue persists, but in many cases under the kitsch glow of a retro experience.”
Image caption Peter Abbott last missed a match at Molineux on 16 March 1976
A football fan's record of not missing a home game since 1976 is ending this weekend.
Wolves fan Peter Abbott, from Ipswich, will not be at Molineux for Saturday's match against Coventry because they will be at their stepdaughter's wedding.
Mr Abbott, who has a regular 330 mile (530km) round trip to Wolverhampton, said they were gutted when they realised.
"I've been getting my head round it for eight months, but I'm past that now," they said.
Mr Abbott, 56, grew up in east London and said they fell for Wolves via the television and magazines and first saw them at West Ham in 1970, when they lost 3-0.
They regularly started going to Molineux in the 1975-76 season and the last game they missed there was against Tottenham on 16 March 1976, which Wanderers lost 1-0.
'Falling in line'
They said they have seen 1,902 home and away matches since then and only missed one (at Blackburn in 1985, when Wolves lost 3-0) and that was because their train broke down.
"I wondered if the Coventry fixture would change for television, but as it was getting nearer the date I realised that wasn't going to happen and, unless there's an unbelievable weather occurrence, the match will go ahead without me," they said.
Image caption Derek Dougan was one of the early 1970s Wolves players who inspired Mr Abbott to support them
"It's quite clearly Sarah and Jonno's day and I'm happy for them and I'm falling in line with that."
They said they would not be attempting to listen to any commentary during the service, where Sarah Butler will marry Jonathan Liddle, and which starts at 14:00 BST at Haughley near Stowmarket, but they would try to stay informed by texts after the 15:00 kick-off.
Mr Abbot said the three Vauxhall Astras they have owned in the past 20 years have each clocked up more than 330,000 miles for football, work and other pleasures.
They said they would be "back in the saddle" for Wolves's home game against Oldham on 22 October.
“To YG Entertainment, the year of 2015 will be the most important year,” revealed the agency's chief executive Yang Hyun Suk.
YG Entertainment recently announced that its boy bands BIGBANG, WINNER, and iKON are coming back in the first half of this year. BIGBANG has been tentatively set to come back in April, and WINNER and iKON will release their new albums in order the following months.
According to Yang Hyun Suk's message conveyed to TV Report recently, YG's producing teams and all members of BIGBANG WINNER, and iKON are stationed in recording studios to work on finishing touches of their albums. They are not planning to stop until the albums are ready in order to keep the workflow.
Why is it that YG has decided BIGBANG to be the front runner of its 2015 come back lineup? Yang Hyun Suk first apologized to the VIPs, saying, “BIGBANG has not released any new albums for last three years. The fans of BIGBANG awaited for the longest period of time. I would really like to apologize for this.”
Yang Hyun Suk further hinted about the new album, saying, “BIGBANG's leader G-Dragon is participating in every part of this new album. I've listened to its new songs and I have to admit that I was so thrilled. The album will contain various tracks that show BIGBANG's talents and attractions.”
“This year is going to be the most important one for YG. Maybe it would be more important that the year of 2006, when BIGBANG first debuted. WINNER's 2nd album and iKON's very first album are also on standby. If BIGBANG starts this year well, the younger artists will be able to follow up. BIGBANG is in charge of this crucial role for YG.”
Source: TV Report
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- House Republican leader John Boehner released a lengthy Web video Thursday suggesting Democrats are not keeping Americans safe -- part of what GOP sources tell CNN is a renewed political effort to push a historically winning issue for Republicans: national security.
An image of the Pentagon on fire during the 9/11 attacks is used in a new GOP Web video attacking the president.
"We're quite happy to be talking about national security," said a House GOP leadership aide who requested anonymity to speak freely about internal strategy.
The aide insisted that Republicans have substantive, serious policy differences with President Obama on national security, especially with regard to their approach to dealing with detained terror suspects.
But the aide also conceded Republicans believe those differences have a political upside for them.
"It's an issue that traditionally plays well for us," said the aide. "From a political perspective, it will be beneficial over the long run."
The campaign-style video, created by a Boehner aide in their Capitol office, begins with the question, "What are Democrats doing to keep America safe?"
Then, with ominous music in the background, it splices sound bites from news reports and Republicans talking about the dangers of President Obama's decision to close Guantanamo Bay and to release Bush-era memos about harsh interrogation techniques.
The video's climax races through images of Obama hugging the Saudi king, shaking hands with Venezuela's Hugo Chavez and ends with an image of the Pentagon burning on September 11, 2001, followed by a final question: "Do you feel safer?" Watch the ad
Boehner spokesperson Antonia Ferrier defended using the 9/11 image.
"The events of September 11 happened. Pretending they didn't make America any safer. And ignoring the fact that it happened is even worse," Ferrier said.
When asked by CNN why they released what some will view as an alarmist video, Boehner said they are trying to "push the administration to tell us: What is the overarching strategy to take on the terrorists and defeat them and to help keep America safe?" Watch Boehner press Obama on security »
Democrats said such "politics of fear" are scaring voters away from the GOP.
"Is it any wonder that voters and senators alike are running away in droves from the Republican Party? Looks like they have taken a page from the discredited Rove/Bush/Cheney playbook. This ad is nothing more than a pathetic attempt to play up the politics of fear and smear," said Jim Manley, spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer's spokesperson, Katie Grant, said, "Republicans are once again resorting to fear tactics because they have no new ideas or constructive policies to offer. The American people have already rejected their politics of fear, and this will be no different."
A GOP source said the idea for the video was born out of strategy sessions among Boehner, their staff, and other Republican leaders about the fact that they believe Obama is increasingly politically vulnerable on the issue of terrorism.
That view is shared by Republicans in the Senate.
"This is one of those cases where good policy makes good politics," said a Senate GOP leadership aide, in describing their decision to pound away at Obama for saying he'll close the Guantanamo Bay prison.
In fact, GOP Senate leader Mitch McConnell made a rare appearance at a Senate appropriations hearing Thursday to publicly question Defense Secretary Robert Gates about closing Guantanamo Bay.
McConnell chastised Gates about the fact that Obama announced their decision to shut the prison before making alternative plans for the prisoners there.
"We haven't been attacked against since 9/11. We like that and we'd like for that record to continue," McConnell told Gates. Watch more of McConnell's and Gates' exchange »
President Bush won re-election in 2004 after warning voters that their Democratic opponent, John Kerry, would make them less safe.
In 2008, GOP candidate Sen. John McCain tried to label Obama an inexperienced leader whose policies on Iraq and other global hot spots would jeopardize America's security.
But that stopped resonating as the ailing economy took over as voters' most important priority.
Thursday, economic troubles loomed larger than ever, and a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll earlier in April suggested Americans do not agree with Republicans that Obama is making them less safe.
When asked whether the president's actions increased chances of a terrorist attack in the United States, 26 percent said yes and 72 percent said no.
Republicans insisted national security will return to the forefront if they continue to highlight what they call the dangers and unanswered questions about Obama policies.
All About Barack Obama • Republican Party
US Congress slams door on the unemployed
2 December 2010
On Wednesday, 800,000 unemployed US workers woke up in the morning having lost for most what is their only source of income—jobless benefit checks that average about $300 per week. By Christmas, another 1.2 million workers will follow them into the cashless economy, where they will join the far larger number of jobless workers who receive no benefits at all. Millions more will follow next year.
The cutoff came after Congress failed to reauthorize a program that extends jobless benefits beyond the 26 weeks afforded by most states. Leading Congressional Democrats have indicated that the benefits might not be restored for months, if ever.
The tossing of millions of workers—and through them millions more children—into abject desperation is by any measure a social catastrophe. Hunger, which preyed on 50 million Americans last year, will rise sharply. It is reported that soup kitchens and food pantries, already strained to the breaking point, are bracing for record demand. Homelessness and the foreclosure crisis will be exacerbated. Hundreds of thousands more families will lose their utilities in the midst of the winter heating season.
The cutoff of jobless benefits takes place under conditions of mass unemployment, with long-term unemployment at levels not seen since the 1930s. In previous recessions, Congress waited until unemployment dropped to about 7 percent before removing added federal assistance. Yet the official jobless rate, which vastly underestimates real unemployment, remains at 9.6 percent, or one in ten workers. There are at least six job seekers for every new opening.
None of this is of any purchase on the ladies and gentlemen of Congress, whose median net wealth is just shy of one million dollars, according to recently released statistics.
As is often the case, there is a certain division of labor between the two parties of big business on this issue. Republicans evince unconcealed contempt for the unemployed. Asked recently by a reporter to square their party's call for tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans with the elimination of unemployment benefits for the poorest—when the latter stimulates the economy far more effectively at far less cost—Rep. John Shaddeg of Arizona responded mockingly, “Unemployed people hire people? Really? I didn't know that.”
For their part, Obama and the Democrats—who still control both houses of Congress—have responded with palpable indifference, along with their usual admixture of cowardice and dishonesty. Their line from the beginning has been based on the lie that benefits cannot be extended without Republican support, which they know full well is not forthcoming. Early speculation that the extension of benefits might be wrangled from the Republicans in exchange for extending Bush-era tax cuts for the rich—which are far more costly—has evaporated.
Whatever their empty protestations, the cutoff of unemployment benefits is entirely in line with the strategy of the Democrats and the Obama administration to use mass unemployment to drive down wages, increase exports and expand corporate profits.
This most basic fact of American political life—that the interests of working people can find no expression in the existing setup—has been underscored by a whole series of maneuvers in the wake of the lopsided Republican victory in the midterm elections, a victory that resulted from mass voter disgust with the pro-war and pro-Wall Street policies of the Obama administration.
On Monday, Obama imposed a two-year wage freeze on more than two million federal government workers, acceding to a central Republican demand prior to a White House meeting with leaders of both parties. Then at the closed-door meeting on Tuesday, Obama and leading Democrats signaled their willingness to extend for two or three years tax cuts for the richest Americans.
Finally on Wednesday, the chairpeople of Obama's bipartisan deficit-cutting commission, the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, released their final proposal for resolving the fiscal crisis of the federal government. To borrow the fashionable phrase, it is a proposal full of “tough choices” for the working class: cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, increases in consumer taxes, new taxes on employee health care benefits, mass job losses among government workers, and the ending of tax breaks for homeowners and parents of dependent children.
For the rich, these so-called budget balancers shamelessly propose an income tax cut of one third, a similar cut to the corporate tax rate, and the elimination of taxes levied on corporate profits realized outside of the US. The avarice of the US ruling class is truly boundless!
In an earlier period, dominant sections of the ruling class recognized that class compromise was necessary to forestall social revolution. In the last existential crisis of US capitalism, the Great Depression of the 1930s, the New Deal administration of Franklin Roosevelt created for the first time a limited social safety net, paid in part by sharp increases in taxes on the rich. From the 1940s through the 1960s, these reform measures were maintained and marginally expanded—always in response to the mass struggles of the working class—and workers won major improvements to their living standards.
But the preeminent position of US capitalism on the world stage that had made class compromise possible had by the 1970s vanished. Beginning in the 1980s, the ruling class turned toward outwardly criminal methods to advance its position: financial speculation, imperial plunder, and the assault on living standards, tearing up in the process the social programs benefiting the working class.
The last two years have seen these processes reach a dizzying speed. In 2008, the giant Ponzi scheme of financial speculation, then focused on the housing market, came crashing down. The Bush and Obama administrations, together with the Federal Reserve, responded by funneling trillions to the very banks primarily responsible for the crisis. The result is that the rich are doing better than ever, and the federal government is functionally insolvent. Now both big business parties are intent that the working class pay the bill.
Workers must be warned: the measures taken so far are only a beginning. The financial aristocracy and its political servants sense no barrier to their attacks, confident that opposition can continue to be smothered by the rotten trade unions and the swamp of pro-Democratic Party protest politics.
This state of affairs can be reversed only by building forms of class struggle politically independent of the Democrats, the trade unions, and their agents. This requires the fight for socialism. We encourage workers to study, and adopt as their own, the program of the Socialist Equality Party.
Tom Eley
Tom Eley
All parents are destined to be ridiculous, embarrassing or annoying, warns Adam Gopnik.
Recently in America, nothing has been argued about more, or more vociferously, than child-rearing methods. As though such a thing existed. One might as well talk about wolf-watching methods. They do it to you, you don't do it to them.
You may have heard, for instance, of the self-proclaimed "Tiger Mom" - that Asian mother who boasted of pushing their kids brutally through school and towards success - though surely the memoir of the Tiger Cub will be the one to read.
The real truth about teenage or adolescent kids is simple though, and I will announce it here. The one thing that is written into the human genome is that exactly at the age of 13, your child - in a minute - and no matter how close or sympathetic the two of you have been before, will discover that you are now the most embarrassing, ridiculous and annoying person on the planet. This is a universal truth.
It will sometimes be expressed in a tone of pitying condescension, and sometimes in one of exasperated wrath; you can tell depending on whether the modifier or the noun is stressed: "Dad, you are so weird," is almost affectionate, while "Dad, you are so weird," is close to hostile.
The 13th birthday arrives, and the genome lights up like a Christmas tree when the mayor throws the switch. The parent who only a few years - a few months before - was a fount of wisdom and expertise and even companionship, becomes those three things: ridiculous, embarrassing and annoying.
The three fall in a neat exact order, and a highly specific sequence. You are first of all ridiculous because of your pretensions to be cool. You persist in the belief that you know good pop music from bad, or something about the relations of teenage boys and girls. And this in spite of the obvious truth that you are barely sentient, with one foot rooted in the dim, ancient past while with the other your toes are already tickling eternity.
You are embarrassing because, in spite of being ridiculous, you are not content to keep your absurdity decently to yourself, but insist on parading it around in public, greeting the 13-year-old's friends and teachers as though you were a normal human being and not a kind of ward of the state, on the brink of being permanently committed.
Image caption "Dad, could I have the controls back please?"
It is bad enough to be ridiculous, but do you also have to be so public about it? And you are annoying, because, in spite of being ridiculous, and in the face of the wild public embarrassment you obviously cause, you still actually think that you can give advice and counsel - strongly suggest, or even command the 13-plus-year-old to do things.
No parent can hope to eliminate all three, but what every parent is capable of doing - and all that any parent is capable of doing - is to eliminate exactly one of the three as an accurate descriptor. "I may be ridiculous and annoying", you can say, honestly, "but I am not embarrassing". Or, "I know I embarrass you, but you cannot accurately call me ridiculous." One out of three is the game of life.
Our grandparents accepted the immutability of identity. They were not ridiculous
What I might call my special insight into this truth is that I have discovered, I believe, that this one-in three rule is generational - that is, each descending generation can, and on the whole does, eliminate one of these three. At least in the kind of modern urban family where the first generation came to the new country, or rose from the mines and working classes (in my case, both); while the next became educated middle-class people and then the next, my own, became worried, harried professionals, hovering over one or two hyper-favoured kids.
Your grandparents, for instance, were, to your parents, wildly embarrassing and hugely annoying but they were never really ridiculous. Their lives ran consistently together from one end to the other. Even when they were young Jewish people they were, so to speak, old Jewish people.
As, in another context, even when our grandparents were old working class people they resembled what they had been like as young working class people. Their beliefs and rituals and ways of life ran true, they were creatures of habit, but not of fashion; and we always grant to habit the near holy aura of ritual.
Image caption Do Jean-Francois Millet's peasants achieve more dignity than modern parents?
It's the same reason that Millet's peasants, in their paintings, seem so dignified to us; if they changed their smocks and chapeaux every season they would be merely pathetic, but there, in the same costumes, they submit to the centuries and can hold their heads up, or rather bow them down, but you get the point.
Our grandparents, similarly, were always themselves, and made no attempt to become some other self-seen in a glossy magazine. They accepted the immutability of identity.
Our parents in turn, though they often struck us as annoying beyond belief and ridiculous beyond measure, could not accurately be called embarrassing. Theirs was a middle generation of aspiration; first to education, which they achieved, and then to sophistication, which they thought that they had achieved. They were ridiculous because they were so constantly in flux: they changed their hairstyles and their clothes - look at those old photos. Ridiculously hirsute in the 60s and then absurdly wide-lapelled in the 70s.
We are ridiculous because we actually think that our super-cool youth is still going on
But you could not call them embarrassing - they were interesting people. They had had interesting lives, they were broadly cultured, they knew which way was up whether they were looking at a Brancusi sculpture or a six-inch spliff. You might not want to share a spliff with them - but they were not embarrassing in front of your friends. They had the avidity of the ambitious.
Our generation - the third generation - are, as our kids assure us, by far the most ridiculous and the most embarrassing generation that has ever lived. We are ridiculous because, where our parents liked to share stories of their cooler youth with us, we actually think that our super-cool youth is still going on. We have no idea of how out of it we are, and yet persist in acting as though we're with it. We don't have the decency to withdraw back into our own generation, we advance into theirs.
This is ridiculous beyond words; embarrassing beyond measure - and yet we are not, really, annoying. When our kids want something, we try to oblige, within reason. They play us the dirge-like music of Radiohead, or the glee club chanting of Arcade Fire, and we listen for hours, piously. They insist on texting us rather than actually making a phone call, and we obligingly learn to text ourselves.
Image caption Parents will go to great lengths to keep up with their children
A couple of summers ago, my own now 17-year-old son, knowing that we were going to London on a summer visit, came into my office and asked, very sweetly, if it might be possible to go a few days early so that they could attend the Blur reunion concert in Hyde Park. Not only did I assent at once, but I actually insisted on going with him, wearing madras shorts and an old shirt and ducking beer bottles. You can hear me on the live recording, singing along with to "Tender". "C'mon, C'mon, C'mon". Really you can; I don't know why they find it ridiculous when I insist on this.
I know what you are asking: what can come next? Once the cycle is exhausted generationally, what follows? I was puzzled by this too, until, sharing these thoughts with my son, they said, evenly and without a trace of rancour, "You know, it's your not being annoying that's the most annoying thing about you. You're sort of meta-annoying."
The cycle, I saw, will not begin again. It will simply advance, like modern art, into new areas of self-conscious annoyance, more ironic ridiculousness, more self-aware embarrassment.
The truth about kids therefore, whatever Phillip Larkin may have said, is to stay in as long as you can; and have as many kids as possible. That way, there is bound to be a child, somewhere in the unfolding generations, who, dismayed by this meta-madness, will look back on you as the embodiment of simple unaffected life, of the unridiculous, of peasant like poise combined with sage like reticence.
"That's your dad?" they will say, looking at your old iPhone photo among all the holograms. "He's so… period."
"Trust me. They were ridiculous," your own child, now an aging great-grandparent himself, will say.
"I don't know. They look... kinda cool. Was they annoying?"
"No," your now aged child will admit, "He took me to this Blur concert, once".
"You were lucky," the kid will say.
And your child, through their grey beard, will nod - reluctantly, perhaps, but they will nod. He'll have to, because it's true. Life is made tolerable by such small-imagined mercies.
The Judiciary Committee of the United States House of Representatives is considering a major reform of theAmerican With Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990—a federal law which prohibits discrimination against individuals with disabilities in the public sphere (at work, in schools, riding public transit, and in all spaces open to the general public, including privately-owned businesses). For example, under the ADA, businesses open to the public, such as restaurants or pharmacies, need to be wheelchair accessible.
The ADA Education and Reform Act of 2017 (HR 620) seems like a rather innocuous bill at first glance—it compels the Department of Justice to formulate a program that educates state and local officials and business owners on “strategies for promoting access to public accommodations for persons with a disability.” A prime example of fatty, ostensibly meaningless Washington wonk-speak. But it goes further—the bill, if passed, would prohibit civil suits arising out of a failure to provide adequate access to public accommodations for the disabled unless the plaintiff provides offending property owners with a written notice specifying the deficiency. Owners would then have 60 days to respond with a written plan for improvement, and an additional 120 days to correct the deficiency, or at least demonstrate sufficient progress towards a correction.
As of now, if a disabled individual cannot access a business open to the public, they can immediately file a complaint with the Justice Department, which will investigate and determine whether a legitimate ADA violation has occurred. If a violation is identified, most plaintiffs opt to mediate with the offending business under the Justice Department's moderation. If a business fails to cooperate, the Justice Department may sue on the disabled individual's behalf. These individuals may also file lawsuits against businesses in civil court without federal involvement, sidestepping the entire mediation process.
“The cornerstone of current enforcement options is that the violation can often be resolved swiftly,” Robyn Powell, an attorney and disability law and policy consultant who disabled herself, writes for Rewire. With the passage of HR 620, individuals with disabilities will be forced to wait 180 days, and likely longer, to seek vindication of their federally-protected civil rights.
Sponsored by Texas representative Ted Poe, a Republican, along with two Republican and three Democratic colleagues all from Texas and California, HR 620 aims to “curb frivolous lawsuits filed by cash-hungry attorneys and plaintiffs that abuse the ADA,” according to a a Jan. 2017 press release.
Poe contends that most small business owners in the US “believe that they are in compliance with the ADA and have even passed local and state inspections.” However, “certain attorneys and their pool of serial plaintiffs troll for minor, easily correctable ADA infractions so they can file a lawsuit and make some cash.” They point to an alleged “whole industry” comprised of “people who prey on small business owners and file unnecessary, abusive lawsuits.”
And he's not entirely wrong. Indeed, according to a report compiled by attorneys with the employment/labor law firm Seyfarth Shaw, ADA Title III lawsuits—the asupervisorstioned suits filed in civil court sans Justice Department intervention—surged 37% in 2016. But only a fractional minority of these suits were filed by so-called serial plaintiffs, with only 12 having filed more than 100 ADA Title III suits respectively. (A group including two broader disabled-rights advocacy organizations, among some notable ADA abusers.)
While frivolous ADA Title III suits, also known as “drive-by lawsuits,” are certainly a problem worth addressing, disabled-rights advocates view HR 620 as a bill that addresses symptoms over root cause.
“There is no active monitoring of ADA compliance,” writes Kim Sauder, a disability studies scholar, in a Dec. 2016 entry published to their blog, Crippled Scholar. “Dealing with infractions of laws governing accessibility [in the US] is often primarily done through complaints. So while the law may say what needs to be done, unless someone actually complains there is little incentive to actively comply. There is no independent body doing regular inspections and meting out fines for non-compliance.”
In effect, measures like HR 620, which stifle the complaints process, actively obstruct enforcement of the ADA as it is currently formulated. “Enforcement depends on people with disabilities who know their rights to challenge violations,” Robyn Powell explains. “Filing lawsuits is timely and expensive. Finding an attorney that is knowledgeable about the ADA is very challenging. I say this because I believe it is fairly safe to assume that there are far more ADA violations occurring than we will ever hear of. As a disabled woman, I encounter violations daily.”
Still, a few notable cases of ADA abuse (such as Florida's prolific drive-by plaintiff, Howard Cohan), supplemented by high-profile exposés that only substantially consider one side of the issue, have instilled a widespread misconception: That ADA regulations are overwhelmingly weaponized against small-business owners to the enrichment of a few slick-haired lawyers and system-gaming plaintiffs. It's a bilateral shoving-match that excludes the individuals the ADA was specifically crafted to protect.
Parking regulations are among the most frequently cited in arguments against the current system of ADA enforcement. “What opponents don't understand is that the width of parking spaces matter for people with disabilities who drive, such as myself,” Powell says. “I drive a wheelchair-accesible van. If someone parks too close, I am literally stuck because no one besides me can drive my van. This has happened to me more times than I [can] count, leaving me stranded outside for hours, until the person returns to their car.”
The solution disabled-rights advocates call for revamps ADA enforcement methods entirely, sidelining citizen complaints as the chief vehicle for compliance, and inspiring more evenly-spread regulation. “It would be better if government took an active role in monitoring and enforcing accessibility legislation,” says Kim Sauder. “It would likely create a more accessible environment. It would also remove the need for mass lawsuits. It would also remove the proprietor-as-victim narrative because the law would be enforced more uniformly. People would not be able to opine that they had been hit with an infraction when the guy down the street did not.”
Of course, this is a long shot in the current political climate. The Trump administration, and our Republican-dominated legislature, have demonstrated an outsized affinity for the interests of small-business owners—at least on paper—and an active hostility towards federal regulation. Neither is likely to recognize stricter federal regulation as a solution to any problem, not the least enforcement of the ADA.
Taryn Southern's pop music career nearly ended in 2004, during a very brief stint on American Idol at the age of 17. After making it to the Hollywood week round and cracking the Top 50, Southern was booted after forgetting the lyrics to their song in an inexplicable bout of stage fright. Simon Cowell would tell her, “Taryn Southern, it's such a shame, because you have the name of a star.”
“Imagine the worst nightmare you could have over and over as a kid,” Southern tells Inverse. “Then it happens.” Through laughs, they describe what a mortifying experience this was back in 2004. Luckily for her, “this was before YouTube, so you can't find the original footage online,” they laugh.
Thirteen years on, Southern is about as far from American Idol as you might get, and this was perhaps only possible because they flubbed their performance so badly. She's still making pop music, but pioneering the most improbable and innovative way to make it. Southern's upcoming album will be a record made of music entirely written and composed by artificial intelligence (except their own voice).
The video for its first single, “Break Free”, uses visual art rendered by Google DeepDream.
In a lot of ways, losing out on the chance of success through American Idol has laid out a path by which Southern may end up clinching their claim to fame through something much more consequential.  They are effectively one of a few trailblazers looking to make A.I.-generated music a mainstream tool of the commercial masses, more than just a gimmick to differentiate them in a crowded field.
Growing up, Southern says they “never really had any serious formal music training” other than a few piano lessons and had trouble turning the instrumentation percolating in their head into music. It's precisely what attracted them to using A.I. to create the backing music for vocal melodies.
Musicians are no stranger to A.I. — Google debuted its music-synthesizing A.I. program at Moogfest in May, and there are other A.I. melody makers, even if the process by which they are made is completely artificial. Nevertheless, A.I. tools for musicians are still limited to the realm of electronic and experimental genres.
Southern aims to change of all of that soon enough.
After the American Idol epiosde, Southern swore off ambitions to become a pop sensation. As the years passed, they found a creative outlet in acting and comedy, and began to inject music into the mix to create musical comedy videos for the internet.
“The first YouTube video I ever made was a comedy music video,” they say. “It wasn't really for making music, it was just a way to express the comedy.” They made around two-dozen musical comedy videos over the next five years, selling one pilot to MTV.
The process of making these comedy videos reminded them of their own limitations: “I was always frustrated by my inability to actually play instruments on my own and produce myself,” says Southern. “I always had to work with someone else to bring my vision to life. Sometimes that was an amazing process — working with a collaborative human who makes your vision better — and other times it was painful, frustrating, and expensive.”
The language by which Southern describes their work is methodical and taut, veering on the kind of technical lexicon you might hear from an engineer or scientist. “The creative process is always burdened by logistical challenges,” Southern says. “When you're in flow, and you're writing or painting or whatever your creative craft is, you have something that abruptly stops that flow because you don't have the correct output mechanism. It's incredibly frustrating.”
An anthropologist by trade, Southern has an obsession with social science and neuroscience, and loves to dig into the way by which these worlds clash with the emergent ubiquity of technology in the modern world. In fact, they call their new album, I AM AI, a platform through which they can explore these larger issues and questions — albeit through a pop-friendly filter for listeners.
“The whole album is an exploration of what it will mean to be human later,” they say. “These are things I think about all the time. I think about how a person in the future might write a song.”
Meet the A.I.
After reading about the A.I. software FlowMachines and the Beatles-inspired song the system developed, Southern began tinkering around with NSynth, and started running into more professional systems like Amper A.I., Jukedeck, and others.
“It started out as this creative challenge — to see what I could do with these new tools to create pop songs. But I couldn't quite figure out how to make complete songs out of them.”
Southern decided they wanted to make an entire album using these A.I. programs. They used Amper A.I. for the majority of the tracks they produced, though they say other tracks made using other tools will be included on the final tracklist for the album.
“The future of music will be created through a collaboration between humans and A.I.”
“We had a very strong belief that the future of music would be created through a collaboration between humans and A.I.,” Drew Silverstein, a music composer and co-founder and CEO of Amper, tells Inverse. They say the software was initially launched to help composers like them create customizable tracks for movies, television shows, commercials, and other projects — but there was always a larger goal to technology to new music creation for any sort of purpose.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
“Our initial use case is largely for functional music,” says Silverstein. “At the same time, we believed then, and still believe now, Amper's A.I. can be an incredible collaborative tool for artists, like Taryn. When you think about human collaboration and creativity, you can basically put that on steroids when you're using A.I.”
Southern is one of the first artists to take A.I. music software and use it exclusively for an artistic purpose.
“Amper has the simplest interface combined with the most amount of customizability on the user's side,” says Southern. This is pretty evident right off the bat — a user just has to input the genre, desired bit-per-minute rate, mood, key, instrumentation, and hit the “render” button to create a track.
Within five minutes, I used the simple version to create this 60-second “tender ‘90s pop” track, heavy on moody synths and light on percussion.
Southern says they like to begin with a skeleton beat and chord structure that sounds good (“usually takes between six to 10 renders,” they say) and then move into playing around further with the instrumentation and other presets to fill in more of a particular sound that they sound emotes something for them
For someone like Southern who's a little more well-versed in song creation, a user would want to take snippets of these tunes and stitch them together into a song that has a complete beginning, middle, and end, with a natural pop progression. While most programs require you to do this manually, Amper's system already allows users to easily cut-and-paste snippets together without the need for an external application like Garage Band or Pro Tools.
Of course, these programs are fairly new, and have their limitations. When using Amper to create songs, for example, Southern corresponded with the company almost nonstop in order to figure out all of the program's capabilities and push its technological potentials to their limits. “I was breaking their software,” they say, “because I was rendering out so much. One song had like 150 renders, and it got to the point where it couldn't render itself out anymore.”
Amper was very enthusiastic to work to with Southern, and say their work with the software is precisely what they see as the future of music. Silverstein says the company's interface is not yet advanced enough to really fulfill what a lot of professional musicians want, but they and their team are making headway.
“We believe that in a matter of years, every piece of music around the world will be created with Amper,” they say. “Amper is part of the greatest creative revolution in history, when you think about how much this type of technology democratizes the expression of one's self through music.”
From the video for "Break Free"
Southern seems to share the same sentiment: “Writing music this way has definitely changed the course of the overall album and sound,” they say. Them original goal with I AM AI was much more audacious — they wanted to create 12 tracks that each explored a different genre and sound from one-another, in order to demonstrate the capabilities of A.I. music software. Them friends talked them out of it when they suggested something like that might create a sonic whiplash for listeners, forced to go through extreme bounces track by track.
So Southern narrowed their focus into a cinematic sound that they don't think they could have as executed as easily without A.I. “I love soundtracks for movies,” they say. “Sometimes you're watching scenes that go on for four or five minutes on end, and those composers make sure you say riveted to that scene.
“I don't have the music background to verbalize what I want,” they say, but through A.I., they can create that sonic quality of tension without much trouble. “Each song has an element of tension, and that's what I search for when I create the first iteration of music.”
The A.I. is far from perfect: There are always parts to a rendering where Southern wishes the track would move in a particular direction than it already does. This isn't such a hassle when working with a program that exports a MIDI file, which one can open up in Pro Tools to move around specific notes. But some software like Amper don't work that way, and that's where compromises need to be made — just as they might have to be made through conventional studio sessions as well.
Is it really music?
The rise in A.I. music won't be without its detractors. Whenever a new technology rears its head, the old guard is always close by to bemoan the breakdown of authenticity and artistic purity. Is it really music if a machine makes it? Can art really be art if it's made by an artificial mind?
“We do this with every new piece of technology, where we have this fear of it taking over some perception of human specialness,” they say. “But for whatever reason, we come to embrace it. Just look at photography. I don't know how many professional photographers anymore know how to go into a dark room and develop film. Does that make them less creative or less of an artist? Or does that just mean the tools have changed?
“One could argue this — the A.I. — is just a new form of instruments. As a result, people have a new frame for writing and composing songs. I only think it augments our abilities to be more creative, and opens the door to more people who don't have access to formal education or instrumentation, who want to sit down and write a song. That's exciting to me.”
These and larger issues are already oozing out of the responses to Southern's music. “Break Free” is about a human who wants to move beyond their biological limitations and experience more of the world, but when Southern played the song for friends, the response they got was that they believed it was about an A.I. wanting to “break free” and become human.
“I thought, ‘that's so funny, of course humans would think we are the most desirable version of existence.'” In a catchy, radio-friendly 4-minute track, Southern is already putting listeners head-to-head with their own interpretations about what existence really is, and whether it's truly defined by blood and bone, or if there is room for metal and wire.
I AM AI will be self-released by Southern sometime in December, along with four different VR music videos for listeners to experience.
Local authorities in England and Wales are trimming budgets and reducing opening hours
Library campaigners were handed more bad news this week when local authorities announced more austerity measures to cut back on cherished services.
The Big Issue's #WhyBooksMatter campaign has fought to keep libraries open and champion greater literacy, winning support from authors, publishers and reading organisations.
But library users in east England were devastated when North East Lincolnshire Council unveiled its plan to slash libraries opening hours across the area, including the closure of four libraries completely one day a week.
“We need to provide a modern-day library service that makes the best use of the decreasing budget available,” councillor Jane Hyldon-King, the local authority's portfolio holder for libraries, told The Grimsby Telegraph.
“People are changing the way they access the library services and what they access when they are there.”
Meanwhile, Powys County Council in Wales has announced plans to cut £250,000 on its library service over the next two years. The cuts could affect 11 libraries, with council bosses looking at “community partnerships” to keep the venues running.
And in Newport in south Wales, a new report has revealed opening hours fell 22% last year after the council's library services budget fell by 10%.
All of us who value libraries' rich and varied contribution must provide clear and compelling evidence of their impact
Librarian Ian Anstice, who runs the Public Libraries News website, has estimated that 500 libraries in the UK are now run by voluntary groups.
And recent figures from the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy (Cipfa) show the number of paid, professional librarian positions fell by just under 1,000 in the last financial year.
Despite all the cuts, a recent Carnegie Trust UK survey of 10,000 people revealed the number of young people using libraries across the UK has increased over the last five years.
Martyn Evans, chief executive of Carnegie UK Trust, said: “All of us who value libraries' rich and varied contribution to our wellbeing must provide clear and compelling evidence of their impact if future investment is to be secured.”
Giant sea turtles may live to photobomb another day.
In fact, their numbers, according to a study published this week in Science Advances, look to be bucking a decades-long downward trend.
For the analysis, researchers at Aristotle University in Greece looked at large turtles in 60 regions around the world — and found a surprising surge in their numbers.
The study credited the upswing to effective measures for protecting eggs and nesting females, as well as fewer turtles being caught in fishing nets.
"There's a positive sign at the end of the story," lead author Antonios Mazaris told SFGate. "We should be more optimistic about our efforts in society."
While it's a positive development for the beleaguered animals, they're hardly out of hot water. Among the seven species of sea turtles in the world, only one isn't listed as endangered.
The chief culprits? Habitat loss, plastics in the ocean, commercial fishing nets and, yes, climate change.
Perhaps their comeback is a chubby middle finger to the naysayers — the kind of in-your-face sea turtles are famed for.
Take that, sixth mass extinction.
And go ahead, keep taking pictures. Because, for some reason or other, these giants — some can weigh more than 1,000 pounds — have a special flair for surprising us.
Especially when we're trying to take a picture.
The U.S. under-20 men's national team goalkeeper is set to sign with German Bundesliga club Freiburg, sources have confirmed to Goal USA.
One of the most highly-rated American players in the U.S. youth national team system is set to make the jump to the pros, and will be doing so in one of Europe's top leagues.
University of Maryland star and U.S. under-20 national team goalkeeper Zack Steffen is finalizing a deal to sign with German Bundesliga side Freiburg, sources confirmed to Goal USA on Monday.
The Washington Post reported Freiburg as the club set to sign Steffen, and Goal sources have confirmed the report.
Widely regarded as the best American goalkeeper prospect since Tim Howard, the 19-year-old Steffen recently completed their sophomore season at Maryland, which they helped lead to the Big Ten title. The 6-foot-2 shot stopper recorded nine shutouts for Maryland in 2014. They have impressed scouts with their quickness and athleticism.
A member of the U.S. under-20 World Cup team in 2013, Steffen has been highly sought after since emerging as a top prospect on younger youth national teams. A product of the Philadelphia Union player development setup, Steffen had long been expected to move overseas rather than sign with MLS.
Music Company Asks For Permission To Pursue Its Delayed Civil Suit Against Megaupload; States Extradition 'May Never Occur'
from the when-even-the-'good-guys'-are-getting-sick-of-the-endless-delays... dept
Microhits has asked the United States courts to stop delaying its case against Megaupload until the extradition issue is resolved - because it might never happen.
New papers filed with the US district court in Virginia say the extradition is "a mere possible future event but indeed an event which may in fact never occur."
In its motion, Megaupload said the civil suit allegations "appear to be copied verbatim" from the indictment filed in January. If the civil suit progressed in parallel with the criminal case, Megaupload's defendants may be forced to assert their Fifth Amendment right against self incrimination but then waive it as part of the civil case, the motion said.
"This would be an unfair burden on their constitutional rights," the document contends.
Further, Megaupload argued it is broke, as its assets were frozen in January. The company has been asking the U.S. government to unfreeze some funds in order to pay for the preservation of upwards of 28 petabytes of data stored on the service and needed for the legal cases.
Microhits also pointed to the potential loss of any damages. They said Mr Dotcom had posted messages on their Twitter account in which they wrote about their new Mega business. In the posts, Microhits said they had "openly avowed to move their assets and operations out of reach of the United States".
They said the US Government had seized the assets and were "doling out limited amounts for living expenses and foreign counsel".
"Defendants' assets are still sequestered and no amount of tweets and blog-posts will 'un-freeze them' - that requires a court order."
Mr Dotcom's team said facing the civil action would be difficult because of no access to seized funds, seizure of books and records and no access to the former Megaupload servers. The FBI has copied parts of the servers and wanted to delete the rest.
It's not just Kim Dotcom that's tiring of the endless procedural delays in the US's prosecution of them and their service. Other plaintiffs who are looking to legally pursue Dotcom for infringement are getting fed up with the length of the process, which still has no end in sight.Microhits, one of two copyright holders who filed civil suits against Megaupload two months after after the FBI raid on Dotcom's home, has just requested it be allowed to move forward on its civil lawsuit as it feels the DOJ's case is taking too long to proceed Microhits, whose catalog includes Christina Aguilera, Rod Stewart, Marvin Gaye and Dr. Dre, had its original filing put on hold for six months to allow the US to proceed with its case, something the DOJ doesn't seem to be in any hurry to do. Megaupload's legal defense requested these two civil suits be put on hold for a number of reasons , while mentioning the close resemblance between Microhit's filing and the US government's indictment.As it stands now, extradition hearings won't begin for another 8 months, and Microhit is worried it may never get to directly pursue Megaupload -- and that Megaupload may have its money safely out of reach by the time it gets the green light.Megaupload's lawyers fired back, stating that its assets weren't even under Dotcom's control at this point.So, even if Microhits receives the go-ahead, its options are greatly restricted by the DOJ's previous actions against Megaupload. Microhits does have a point, though -- this case has dragged on far too long with very little progress being made by the prosecution. At this point, it almost looks as though the DOJ has settled in for a war of attrition -- one that will slowly bleed Dotcom, keeping their assets frozen, their business closed and any evidence contained on Megaupload's servers in the control of people who can't seem to decide whether to keep it or destroy it The longer this drags on, the less likely it seems that the DOJ has a strong case. But, as has been demonstrated by other site seizures , it really doesn't seem to matter whether there's a winnable case behind the shutdowns. Entities like the DOJ and FBI that are more than willing to seize first and ask questions later are probably not the kind that will step aside and let a civil suit take precedence. Microhits is going to find itself empathizing with Megaupload, as delay after delay push any sort of resolution back across the horizon.
Filed Under: civil case, copyright, doj, extradition, kim dotcom
Companies: megaupload, microhits
Story highlights The photos circulated on social media
South Africa's top prison official condemns the event
(CNN) The head of South Africa's corrections department promised an immediate investigation Monday after photos purportedly showing strippers dancing with inmates at a Johannesburg prison circulated online.
James Smalberger, the acting national commissioner of the Department of Correctional Services, also condemned the alleged incident, saying Monday it was a major security breach and violation of prison protocols.
"The department condemns this incident with the contempt it deserves, and right at the outset, we want to make it abundantly clear that we will leave no stone unturned to deal with this matter," Smalberger said in a news conference.
The incident allegedly occurred at the Johannesburg Medium B Correctional Centre, commonly known as Sun City. The prison is notorious for housing some of South Africa's most violent criminals.
"The pictures taken were of an event hosted in line with June Youth Month celebrations on the 21st of June," Smalberger said.
Read More
(CNN) -- Two key senators Tuesday announced a plan to impose a hefty tax on retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money or in which the United States has an equity interest.
Sens. Max Baucus, left, and Chuck Grassley, announced a plan to tax bonuses for executives that received bailouts.
Sens. Max Baucus, D-Montana, and Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa -- the chairperson and top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee -- said companies would not be allowed to restructure the payments to those executives through deferred compensation to avoid the tax.
The senators plan comes after New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo confirmed in a letter to Congress that this year, after receiving federal bailout money, AIG paid 73 employees bonuses of more than $1 million each.
Cuomo also wrote that 11 of the employees no longer work for the company. The largest bonus paid was $6.4 million; seven other people also received more than $4 million each.
AIG is under fire for awarding the bonuses while being kept afloat by more than $170 billion from the U.S. government's financial bailout. Watch congressional reaction to AIG bonuses »
In a letter to congressional leaders Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said administration lawyers agreed the government could not force AIG to stop the bonuses. But, they said, the government would contractually require AIG to repay Treasury the $165 million in bonuses it paid out.
Grassley and Baucus said all retention bonuses would be subject to a 35 percent excise tax for excessive compensation to be paid by the company and an additional 35 percent tax to be paid by the individual.
"Millions of Americans are losing their jobs -- millions. And to some degree they're losing their jobs because of actions taken by some of these firms," Baucus said. "At the same time, they're giving themselves bonuses. I mean, give me a break. What are these people thinking? That's part of the problem. They're not thinking."
All other nonretention bonuses more than $50,000 would be subject to the same tax, the senators said.
"We're trying to address what I think taxpayers would say is salt in their wounds," Grassley said. "The taxpayers are bearing a great deal to get this economy going, help get these corporations turned around, and I think taxpayers are willing to help.
"But when they see the lack of sensitivity on the part of corporate directors -- by giving these bonuses and doing other outrageous things -- there's just so much that the taxpayers of this country are going to stand for."
The provisions would apply to bonuses paid out after January 1, 2009, so it would affect the AIG bonuses in question.
Reality Check: Housing 1 in 5
Number of mortgage holders who owe more on their homes than they're worth 59 percent
Percentage of Americans who blame the economic crisis on "bad loans by banks" 8 percent or more
Percentage of mortgage payments that analysts say will be late in 2009 see more » Sources: First American CoreLogic, Pew Research Center, Association of Credit and Collection Professionals
"We should not be here. We should not be in this position," Baucus said. "AIG should not have promised those payments to retain those employees and the Treasury should have blocked the issuance of the checks. It did not. And employees themselves should not have cashed them in. We should not be here, but unfortunately we are."
Senior Finance Committee aides said the senators had not yet worked out whether individuals would pay income tax on the bonuses as well as the proposed excise tax, or if a combination of the two would be used. Watch why Americans are angry »
"You'll have to wait to see when we introduce the legislation," one of the aides said.
"If our bosses had made a decision we'd tell you what it was," said another. See a snapshot of facts, attitudes and analysis on the recession »
On Monday President Obama said they planned to attempt to block bonuses to executives at ailing insurance giant AIG, payments they described as an "outrage."
Obama said they asked Geithner to "pursue every single legal avenue to block these bonuses and make the American taxpayers whole." Obama said they would work with Congress to change the laws so that such a situation cannot happen again. Watch Obama say he's outraged by bonuses »
The president spared Liddy from criticism, saying they got the job "after the contracts that led to these bonuses were agreed to last year."
But they said the impropriety of the bonuses goes beyond economics. "It's about our fundamental values," they said. iReport.com: Sound off on AIG
Road to Rescue: CNN Survival Guide Unprecedented reporting on the money meltdown that's changing your life
This week on CNN see full schedule »
Under pressure from the Treasury, AIG scaled back the bonus plans and pledged to reduce 2009 bonuses -- or "retention payments" -- by at least 30 percent. That has done little to temper outrage over the initial plan, however.
In the House, Democrats are trying to shame AIG executives into forgoing the bonuses. They're also investigating possible legal avenues Congress can take to force the company to return money used for bonuses, a House Democratic leadership aide and a House Financial Services Committee aide said Monday.
The committee is trying to determine whether Congress can force AIG to renegotiate the bonuses, which the company says it is legally required to give employees under contracts negotiated before the company received its first infusion of bailout dollars in September, according to the committee aide. Who's insured by AIG? »
Both aides said it is unclear what authority Congress might have to force AIG to take back the bonuses.
Liddy will face intense questioning about the bonuses when they testify Wednesday before the House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets.
CNN's Ted Barrett, Dana Bash and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
All About Timothy Geithner • American International Group Inc.
When I was a student in Paris in the late 1960s, the food that I ate in Jewish homes was French, with accents of Alsace Lorraine or Eastern Europe—but food from North Africa was becoming more prevalent, in couscous restaurants and in street food. Today, at least 60 percent of the almost 600,000 Jews in France (the third-largest Jewish community in the world) come from Tunisia, Algeria, and Morocco. North African fare is now dominant among French Jews. As one French cook told me, in every “intermarried” Jewish family—where a North African Jew marries a European Jew—North African food predominates at holidays.
In Paris' bustling Belleville market, you see the intermingling of North African Jews and Arabs where harissa and hummus are sold—as well as imported products like p'kila, the spinach base of a delicious Libyan and Tunisian stew; bottarga, the so-called Mediterranean caviar made from mullet roe; and, of course, grainy brik leaves of thin, high-gluten dough. Brik is a Tunisian snack, with leaves of this dough filled with parsley, tuna, and egg, then quickly deep fried and served with a mechoui, or grilled salad.
Delicate brik filled with meat or almonds and sugar are called cigares in French and are served at life-cycle functions. Called bestels in Tunisia, they are shaped like egg rolls and can also be filled with Swiss chard or other vegetables, hard-boiled eggs, and tuna. Authentic brik leaves may be hard to find in most supermarkets, but in a pinch, you can use wonton wrappers as a substitute.
I love to serve brik (recipe here) as a finger food, or with breakfast or lunch. Just be sure to keep some spicy harissa handy—or make your own—for dipping.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Joan Nathan is Tablet Magazine's food columnist and the author of 10 cookbooks including King Solomon's Table: a Culinary Exploration of Jewish Cooking from Around the World.
Dearest Friends, Welcome to the 2019 growing season.
Important Note for any USA customers, we have partnered with a greenhouse in Wisconsin to provide seeds to the United States. For any questions or comments please reach out to us here.
Further businesses which provide excellent service in the United States and Canada are listed in our friends section and below.
Nehm's Greenhouse and Floral – Being a family owned business, we pride ourselves in great customer service and we want you to feel that you
are part of our family. We carry high quality products from our full service floral shop, to the greenhouse, and throughout the year with fresh produce, pumpkins and fall items, and finally Christmas trees, wreaths, poinsettias, and Christmas decor.
Window Concepts of Milwaukee – We know that finding the perfect windows for your home is not as easy as it seems. There are dozens of different options available, so with our professional guidance and your vision we know how to make it easy. Our local experts can help provide you with an energy efficient window replacement that helps with the extreme temperature changes that the windows in Wisconsin are known to endure.
Shady Lane Greenhouse – Plan your next event with Shady Lane Greenhouse! Looking for a unique flower, shrub or tree arrangement for your next event? Stop in and let us help you!
In spite of health challenges we will still be providing our best seed for 2019. We will be refining our seed list and cutting a few things as well. We are not able to grow the number of seed varieties as in past years. For this reason we are supplementing our offerings with seed varieties from trusted organic sources. These varieties are identified in the catalog.
In 2018 we told you that we are no longer certified organic.The paperwork, and expense had become too much for a small company like ours to bear. This has been a wrenching decision for us, as we were there at the beginning of certification in our area, and will always be organic growers. Nothing in the way we grow will change, we assure you of that. We are aware that we will necessarily lose our beloved certified growers, but we felt that it was more important to continue to provide clean,non hybrid, nonGMO seed for as long as possible. For those of you who need Certified Organic seed, I can recommend our good friends at Full Circle Seeds, Stellar Seeds, and Brother Nature.
We began this seed business as a response to the loss of plant genetic diversity in our gardens and around the world, and the relentless push for seed/food domination and control by Monsanto and a few other corporations. They continue to quietly pressure governments and farmers comply. It seems that daily we are confronted with more and more bad news for seed growers, and I often say that what we are doing here on Two Wings Farm will be illegal (or prohibitively expensive) in the very near future. This would have been unthinkable just a few years ago, but this government is accommodating and assisting in the process.
So you see,…we can't quit just yet. We are committed to growing, saving and providing our best seed while we still can. But we must stress that it is critical at this time for growers to learn how to save your own seed, and begin to do it NOW. I will gladly answer any questions to help you do this and will be shortly expanding the seed saving information on the instructions page, so that we can all, joyfully carry on growing wonderful things in our gardens, providing nutritious and delectable things for our tables.
All the best to you all for the season, and SAVE YOUR SEEDS, with LOVE from Marti & Bernie
As Suzanne Wuerthele, EPA Toxicologist has said, “We are confronted with the most powerful technology the world has ever known, and it is being rapidly deployed with almost NO thought whatsoever to it's consequences”…
Two Wings Farm has been growing gourmet heritage and heirloom vegetables for the fresh market since 1986. Over the years, we have trialed many varieties, always looking for the ones that perform best in our particular bioregion. For us, taste and nutrition have always been the first priority.
Ordering Instructions
You can order by credit card (VISA/Mastercard/AMEX/etc) using PayPal . Simply click on the “add to cart” buttons under each of your selections.
Our shipping and handling fee is $4.00 on orders totaling up to $20.00 , up to $50.00 fee is $6.00, up to $80.00 fee is $9.00, over $80.00 fee is $12.00. ( We are sorry to have to raise the shipping but our postal rates are increasing dramatically in January, 2019.
If you would like to pay by check or money order please use the “add to cart button” for each of your selections. When you have finished ordering print the contents of your cart. The Appropriate shipping charges will have been added. Print your name and address on the order. You can then mail the printout with your check or money order to:
Two Wings Farm, 4768 William Head Rd. Victoria, BC, V9C3Y7 Canada.
If you don't have a printer just copy your selections onto a piece of paper and mail it to us with your payment to the above address.
We always say that gardening is a healing thing, and we hope you all feel that feeling of peace and contentment while tending your garden. Be joyful, and know that there is always a new beginning in the garden. Be patient with yourself, God didn't do everything in one day…and you don't have to either! All the best for the season,
Marti & Bernie
We need to eliminate the extremes of wealth and poverty in the world, and not be disheartened by the enormity of the work that needs to be done. Part of what will help subsistence farmers (both here and abroad) to survive is access to open pollinated seed (their own seed) that can be saved from year to year, and the legal right to do so, free from interference.. whether it be from multinational corporations, government policy, or contamination from GMO pollen.
When was the last time you cleaned out your freezer, down to the last spare item and leftover bit? For me, the answer is perched someplace between “never” and “rarely.” I use my fridge constantly, and frozen leftovers make frequent appearances in my weekly dinners, but it's not often that I make an effort to use up each and everything I've preserved.
This week, I've been doing some major house cleaning, which has led to all sorts of fascinating discoveries. Juice pulp from 2011, courtesy of Valerie. Sunshine Burgers that have turned into bricks. Thanksgiving stuffing from last year. Flax seeds that I distinctly recall transporting from NYC to D.C. when I moved here. It seems I need to explore the depths of my freezer more than once a year. The upside of this excavation is that I found some sprouted corn tortillas, and this led to the tasty tortillas with creamy kale and toasted chickpeas that you see today.
I always think it's a fun exercise to take inventory of what's on hand and then find ways to turn it into a good meal. So, along with the tortillas, here's what else I had on hand: 2 cans chickpeas. 1 head kale. The usual array of nuts and seeds. Lemon. There were other veggies in my fridge, but those were the standout ingredients. With last week's creamy kale salad with apples and walnut dressing in mind, I figured I'd make some easy tortillas with kale and chickpeas. To give it all extra flavor and texture, I roasted the chickpeas first.
Roasting chickpeas gives them wonderful flavor and an irresistible, crispy texture. It's actually something I do all the time, but it's never occurred to me to blog about it. For this recipe, I kept things super simple, and I tossed them in a mixture of tamari, cumin, smoked paprika, and a little vegan Worcestershire sauce. Into a 375-degree oven they went, for 35 minutes. And out they came, toasty and delicious!
I have been known to sit around eating these guys with a spoon. But they also make a delicious packed snack, and they add a lot to salads! And over the weekend, I found out that they're perfect tortilla stuffers, too.
Tortillas with Creamy Kale and Toasted Chickpeas Print Recipe type: main Cuisine: vegan, gluten free option, soy free option Author: Gena Hamshaw Prep time: 10 mins Cook time: 35 mins Total time: 45 mins Serves: 4 servings Ingredients 3 cups cooked chickpeas (2 cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed)
2 tablespoons tamari (substitute coconut aminos)
1 tablespoon vegetable oil (such as avocado or grapeseed)
1½ teaspoons cumin
½ teaspoon smoked paprika
2 teaspoons vegan Worcestershire sauce (optional)
Juice of 1 lime
1 head curly or dinosaur kale (about 8-10 leaves), de-stemmed, washed, and chopped into bite-sized pieces
Creamy raw dressing (recipe below)
8 6-inch corn or whole wheat tortillas Creamy Raw Dressing (makes ⅔-3/4 cup) ½ cup cashews or walnuts, soaked for at least 2 hours and drained
1 teaspoon chia seeds
1 clove garlic, roughly chopped
½ cup water
2 tablespoons lemon juice
½ teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons maple syrup or 1 pitted Medjool date
1 tablespoon dried dill Instructions Preheat your oven to 375F. Toss chickpeas in the tamari, oil, cumin, paprika, Worchestershire sauce, and lime juice. Bake 30-35 minutes, or until chickpeas are crispy, stirring once or twice during cooking to prevent burning. While the chickpeas roast, blend all dressing ingredients together in a high speed blender till smooth. Place the kale pieces into a large mixing bowl and "massage" the kale with the dressing, using your hands to manipulate it firmly and help to wilt it down. When the chickpeas are done, stuff each corn torStuff each tortilla with about half cup each kale and chickpeas. Serve. These tortillas combine so many of my favorite things—kale, a good dressing, toasty chickpeas. So many of my favorite things, in fact, that I could totally overlook the fact that corn tortillas are not among my favorite things. 3.5.3208
Delicious. I hope you'll like this easy vegan lunch dish as much as I did!
Before I go, I want to thank you all for welcoming my everyday, simple food with so much love. Today I was thinking that, since I started writing CR, my life has changed in so many ways. I have a new career, a new lifestyle (student vs. full time working), I'm in a new city, and in between all of those shifts, my relationship with raw foods has gone through various transformations, my ED recovery has gotten firmer, and I've come into my own as someone who publicly talks about my struggles with food.
Throughout all of this change, you guys have encouraged me to be myself, in ways as small as saying “hey, we don't mind if you just post an iPhone photo of your lunch!” and ways as profound as welcoming my decision to get a post-bacc. I'm so grateful. Thanks.
xo
Images courtesy of Lighter.
[h/t David at VideoCafe]
Dear Ann Romney,
I don't like your attitude very much. It seems very entitled and imperious. You say you have done everything legally required, and there will be no more tax returns. Not only do you say it, you say it with a snarl, as if those you're asking to vote for your husband are simply too stupid to understand what a tax return filed by a Very Wealthy Couple looks like. As if you're saying "we've given all you people need to know."
Oh wait. You actually said that.
Ma'am, you've released *one* return. ONE. If we're really lucky, we'll get to see the second one 15 days before the election, when it's too late to really understand how you and your husband run your finances.
Here's the thing. I'm not looking for a fight with a woman who is fighting for their husband's election, but you're simply wrong about your pronouncement that what is in those returns isn't relevant, doesn't matter, and won't matter if you do release it. You assume the reason we're asking for these returns has to do with some sort of attack on you.
Don't you understand the attacks are happening because you refuse to disclose this information to people who you're asking to trust for four years? Or are you just above it?
Here is a list of legitimate, real reasons why voters are entitled to access to your tax returns, whether you like it or not:
The next President of the United States must lead an effort to reform our current tax code. It's long overdue and must be done. We're entitled to understand how you approach your own taxation, and what interests your husband will serve if they were leading that effort. Simply put: Will a Romney Administration consider the needs of the working poor over the needs of corporations and the wealthy?
It's long overdue and must be done. We're entitled to understand how you approach your own taxation, and what interests your husband will serve if they were leading that effort. Simply put: Will a Romney Administration consider the needs of the working poor over the needs of corporations and the wealthy? Ordinary people don't have offshore tax shelters . Why do you? Why do you consider it American to shelter income from taxes offshore? Why would your investments take precedence over patriotism?
. Why do you? Why do you consider it American to shelter income from taxes offshore? Why would your investments take precedence over patriotism? Americans deserve to fully understand how Bain benefited your family . It's well established at this point that Bain Capital was in the business of mergers and acquisitions. People lost many jobs to offshoring, mergers, and just plain asset-stripping. It's fair for them to understand what kind of profit you took from those lost jobs, particularly when you claim you know how to create them.
. It's well established at this point that Bain Capital was in the business of mergers and acquisitions. People lost many jobs to offshoring, mergers, and just plain asset-stripping. It's fair for them to understand what kind of profit you took from those lost jobs, particularly when you claim you know how to create them. Ordinary people endure far more invasive inquiries for minimum wage jobs. You can get all high and mighty with us, but to get an $8.50 per hour job, many ordinary people have to endure (and authorize) a credit check, and in the case of government jobs, a background check. In many cases, they have to submit to a drug test, too. That drug test requirement isn't because their potential employer believes every applicant is a drug addict. It's because they want to make sure this applicant isn't one. Similarly, we're entitled to know whether any possible future President is a tax dodger. From the one single return released, it certainly appears that there are some dodgy tax items that deserve closer scrutiny. The problem is, we don't have enough information to say one way or the other, and you think we shouldn't see it.
You say to us: "Trust me." I say to you: "Why?" What have you done to earn my trust? You treat me like I'm some kind of scum for asking reasonable questions about issues that truly do matter. We're entitled to know how you manage these things, how you approach taxes, how we can expect to be treated in a Romney administration. Telling me "you people don't need to know" does not foster trust. It fosters resentment.
You haven't given us one single reason to trust you. You say, well, we tithe, that makes us good people. No, it doesn't. Anyone can write a check. So what? A central tenet of LDS doctrine is the requirement to tithe, at a minimum. a very bare minimum. That's not evidence of integrity; it's evidence that you seem to place the LDS doctrine above the tax laws currently in effect in this country. That's hardly reassuring.
You say to us: "You don't need to have that information." I beg to differ, for the reasons I've stated. Here's what you risk with this attitude, Mrs. Romney. You risk alienating voters who might have been in your camp. I say might, because there are plenty of other reasons not to vote for your husband. But by shoving your puffed-up chest and a mighty attitude of high dudgeon in our faces not once, but several times, you exclude those who might otherwise be convinced.
You want your husband to represent me, Mrs. Romney? You want them to have that job, a job I pay for? Then both of you need to submit to my hiring requirements. This election is a by the people, for the people moment, not an appointment by the oligarchs, no matter what you might think. We, the people, are your Job Interviewers, and right now we're inclined to say we'll get back to you with our decision after the returns are released.
The fact that you would place yourself and your husband above even one other person in this country tells me you and your husband are unfit to occupy the White House. That you do it to the voters who are entitled to know exactly who they are voting for disqualifies you entirely.
I'm sure you'll enjoy your retirement to California. Bye, now.
Best regards,
Karoli
crossposted from Momocrats.com
0 Orange County property appraiser's office being audited
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - 9 Investigates has learned the Orange County comptroller will perform an audit of the Orange County property appraiser's office. The news comes after Channel 9 has spent weeks looking into questions surrounding County Appraiser Rick Singh's office spending.
Investigative reporter Daralene Jones has been digging through nearly 2,000 documents from Singh's office, records that outline how – and how much – taxpayer dollars have been spent by the office.
A high level of interest from public officials and the media added weight to the decision to audit Singh's office, Jones learned today.
Orange County Comptroller Martha Haynie's office will conduct the audit. Them auditors will focus on procurement card purchases. The so-called “P-card” is like a county credit card. And constitutional officers can, for the most part, use those cards how they please with little oversight.
PDF: Letter to Rick Singh on audit
Last week Haynie sent a short email to Singh, notifying them of the audit.
“We expect the (audit's) scope to include the purchases made with procurement cards,” Haynie wrote in the email. “The purpose of the audit is to review the procedures and controls as well as compliance with policies and state rules and law.”
Jones learned today that this will be the first such review of the office in six years.
“How unusual is it that the comptroller is now going to audit the property appraiser?” Jones asked WFTV political analyst Rick Foglesong.
“The comptroller only investigates when they think that tax money is at risk,” Foglesong responded.
On Feb., 9 Investigates first requested invoices and receipts for expenses within the property appraiser's office. And two weeks ago we received a stack of nearly 2,000 documents, which we are still reviewing.
So far, 9 Investigates uncovered purchases for fans with the office logo and Singh's name on them. The fans cost taxpayers $4,000, according to invoices.
We also found breath mints --- in wrappers emblazoned with Singh's name and logo -- promotional videos totaling thousands and even door hangers featuring Singh's picture, name and department logo.
All of these were paid for with taxpayer money.
And although they may not have been purchased with that P-card, the comptroller's auditors will be focused on items like these, which have raised questions about the office's spending.
9 Investigates additionally obtained a list of items that may have been purchased with that card, including meals, hotel stays, grocery items, gas and convenience stores.
“In fairness we don't know whether something illegal or criminal has occurred,” Foglesong told Jones. “It may only be a question of whether appropriate accounting procedures have been followed. We don't know.”
Last month, 9 Investigates reported on a fleet of new vehicles purchased by Singh's office. Singh held a news conference and released a YouTube video promoting the 30 hybrid vehicles.
Singh told us the office is leasing the vehicles at a rate of $255 per car, per month.
Some have questioned whether the vehicles are rolling billboards for Singh's re-election campaign. Singh's name appeared in eight different locations on the vehicle, covering the doors, and at one point, even the front and back windshields.
Shortly after the cars were revealed, Singh's office learned it's against state law to cover the front windshield, so the writing has since been removed from the front windshield.
At the time, Singh told us the vehicles would save taxpayers at least $780,000, over 10 years. And Singh defended placing the agency's logo and their e-mail on the vehicle, saying, “My name is on the vehicle eight times for the safety of our employees, for the safety of the public. And of course, to save money.”
Shortly after 9-Investigates initial report, Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs raised questions about spending within the property appraiser's office. They told 9-Investigates Daralene Jones that they believed it was time to get a closer look at the department's expenses.
“The comptroller says they have audit authority. I think the office should be audited. I understand there are some public records requests made that haven't been honored. So, it's certainly starting to raise some significant questions,” Jacobs said.
Singh's budget each year goes through the State Department of Revenue.
Challenges from the county have to go through the state. Outside of that, Singh is typically free to spend your tax money, with little oversight from the state agency. Orange County would have to file an appeal with the state if it wanted to contest their budget approved by the state each year.
Image caption A researcher monitors a sedated rat as part of the research project at Tel Aviv University
A rat lies motionless on a sterile, spotless table.
It is alive, but heavily sedated.
Closer inspection reveals that this is no ordinary rodent.
Electrodes are being used to stimulate its brain, creating waveform readings on a nearby computer screen.
The rat is part of a research project at Israel's Tel Aviv University psychology department.
Scientists are attempting to replace part of this and other rats' brains with digital equipment, effectively turning them into cyborgs.
Anti-vivisection campaigners have described the tests as "grotesque" but the researchers claim the work will eventually help them make repairs to what is possibly the world's most complex computer - the human brain.
Mending malfunctions
The work aims to help people with diseases such as Parkinson's or those who have suffered a stroke.
It involves swapping impaired brain tissue with a microchip that is wired to the brain, allowing it to carry out the tasks that the healthy tissue would have performed.
"Imagine there's a small area in the brain that is malfunctioning, and imagine that we understand the architecture of this damaged area," says Prof Matti Mintz, a psychobiologist at Tel Aviv University who is involved in the international project.
"So we try to replicate this part of the brain with electronics."
To do it, the researchers insert sets of electrodes up to 1cm deep inside a rat's brain and then connect them to a microchip embedded just under the skin of the rodent's skull.
The chip then receives and interprets sensory information from the brainstem - the lower area of the brain - and analyses it as the original biological part would, before transmitting the information back to motor centres in the brainstem.
"For example, there's a region of the brain that controls one simple motor movement - breathing," says Prof Mintz.
"Right now, if a patient loses this area, there's no way to recover. But if we're able in the future to replace such an area that is responsible for very discrete but extremely essential movement, it will be great.
"And it is on the horizon."
Bionic rats
To demonstrate that its idea works, the team applied the principle of classical conditioning, first demonstrated by the Russian scientist Ivan Pavlov in 1927.
They noticed that their dogs began salivating when they saw the person who fed them. So they used a bell to let them know that their meal was ready - and after just a few repetitions, they found out that the animals started to salivate when they heard the bell, even if the food was not there.
Prof Mintz's team did something similar with rats.
The researchers decided to work on an area of the brain called the cerebellum, which is responsible for controlling and timing motor movements, such as learning how to blink in response to a stimulus.
They took advantage of the fact that if a rat hears a particular sound before it gets hit with a jet of air, it will eventually blink when the sound is played ahead of the puff reaching its eyes.
Image caption Prof Mintz offered the BBC a tour of their lab at Tel Aviv University
"We know how to blink. Currently, I'm blinking very freely," says Prof Mintz.
"We also know how to record that the animals are learning to respond to a stimulus - we plant electrodes around the eye, and record the muscle activity to see when the rat actually closes its eye.
"And we know that when we damage the biological structure [the cerebellum] the animal cannot learn this simple motor response any more, never again, and nothing in the brain can replace this learning.
"So after having studied this brain region, we constructed a simulation that works in a similar way to the original biological system - and when we see some recovery of the lost movement, it is clear that it is coming from our synthetic device and not from any other area of the brain."
Science amalgam
Science fiction helped the researchers come up with the idea of replicating a specific brain function with a microchip.
Lives are [being]wasted on dubious and ego-driven experiments. National Anti-Vivisection Society
The genre has long been populated by cyborgs and other related creatures, from Terminator and Robocop to Isaac Asimov's bionic robots and Blade Runner's bioengineered "replicants".
Although neuroscientists have quite literally been picking at the brain for decades, it is only recently that there have been significant breakthroughs in the area.
One instance is a brain-computer interface which allows a person with disabilities to control a computer cursor through the power of thought alone. It works via electrodes attached to their brain which read specific signals.
Prosthetic limbs function through brain implants, too, but they also only work one way, receiving signals and interpreting them into physical actions.
Getting the artificial portion of the cerebellum to receive one set of signals and send out an entirely different set of commands proved especially challenging.
Image caption A computer model of the chip that is attached to the rat
"The only way to for such a project to succeed is by combining different disciplines - and this is where 'nano-bio-info-cogno' comes in - uniting nanotechnology, biology, informatics and cognitive science," says Prof Mira Marcus-Kalish of Tel Aviv University, who is also taking part in the project.
"We take nanoelectrodes into a biology application, try to analyse everything through informatics, and then also use cognition."
The next step will be getting the rats to perform not just one, but several physical actions, says Prof Mintz.
"Let's imagine a person loses a big chunk of cerebellum, due to a haemorrhage, or a lesion, or due to ageing. Cerebellum ages very fast, and that's why we lose tiny motor functions," they say.
"So we need to find how to recover motor functions consistent of longer sequence of movements."
Future cyborgs?
The more replacement parts we have for our body, the more people are not just alive, but healthy. Prof Carlo Strenger, Tel Aviv University
Once the trials with rats are over and successful, the researchers plan to move to human subjects.
They say they hope to help people and save lives. However, animal rights activists describe the research as "disgraceful" and "abhorrent".
"This type of research raises enormous ethical concerns, let alone the poor animals whose lives are wasted on dubious and ego-driven experiments," says Jan Creamer, chief executive of the UK-based National Anti-Vivisection Society.
"The NAVS is totally opposed to all forms of animal experimentation and advocates the use of sophisticated non-animal techniques, which this clearly is not. As an example, we are currently funding a long-term project concerned with the human brain and its functions and our research uses cutting edge technology, not the outmoded animal model."
As the researchers replace bigger parts of the brain with electronics other questions are also likely to be raised: how far the research should be taken and how many neurons can be replaced before our bodies become controlled by a machine, rather than the other way round.
Image caption Prof Mintz says that 'brain enhancement' is a 'taboo' subject
Although some may argue that we already interfere with nature when we implant a pacemaker or transplant a heart, the brain is viewed differently because it is the organ that controls everything in the human body.
"It's fascinating how people get worried when it comes to their brain, there's this fear that some alien intruder will take over ourselves," says psychologist Prof Carlo Strenger from Tel Aviv University, who is not involved in the study.
"But think of the many people who have suffered brain damages because of accidents, of the people with degenerative diseases - the more replacement parts we have for our body, the more people are not just alive, but healthy.
"One philosophical question could arise once we'll be able to download a person's whole brain onto a chip and then implant the chip into someone else's body.
"This is a problem we don't yet know how to solve. But we're not there yet."
Hockey has long been thought of as Canada's game, but for the first time in the 98-year history of the league, Canadian players do not make up the majority of players in the NHL this year.
The Canadian population advantage in the NHL is down to 49.7 percent after an influx of players from outside of North America helped reduce those numbers. The percentage of American-born NHLers, the second-highest player nationality in the NHL, is also down this season from 24.8 percent last year to 24.2 percent this year, according to TSN.
Article continues below ...
“There will always be an ebb and flow to the numbers of Canada's contribution to the National Hockey League. This is simple evolution,” Hockey Canada CEO Tom Renney told TSN. “The game is growing and other countries produce very good players. We do not have an exclusivity in that. We all want hockey to be a global game and it is. I think that is healthy.”
Sweden is the third most popular nationality in the league with 9.1 percent of players calling Sweden home, a rise from 7.6 percent last season. Russia also saw a significant rise in NHL representation this year, rising from 3.1 percent last year to 4.5 percent this year.
(h/t TSN)
Introduction
The Samsung Galaxy On5 Pro and On7 Pro are the company's latest budget Android smartphones meant exclusively for the Indian market. Both the phones are nearly identical to the On5 and On7 launched last year but increase the memory to 2GB and double the storage to 16GB.
The On5 Pro is the smaller of the two with a 5.0-inch 720p display. It runs on the Exynos 3 Quad chipset and packs an 8 megapixel camera on the back and a 5 megapixel camera on the front. Powering it is a sizable 2600mAh battery.
The On7 Pro is the more premium model with a bigger 5.5-inch screen. It comes with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor, a 13 megapixel camera on the back and a larger 3000mAh battery.
Both phones come with a faux leather finish on the back and Samsung's S bike mode.
Galaxy On5 Pro at a glance:
5.0-inch 720 IPS LCD
Exynos 3 Quad (4x Cortex-A7 with Mali-T720)
2GB RAM, 16GB storage with microSD
8 megapixel rear, 5 megapixel front camera
Dual SIM, LTE
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow
2600mAh removable battery
Galaxy On7 Pro at a glance
5.5-inch 720p IPS LCD
Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 (4x Cortex-A53 with Adreno 306)
2GB RAM, 16GB storage with microSD
13 megapixel rear, 5 megapixel front camera
Dual SIM, LTE
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow
3000mAh removable battery
With the competition in the lower and of the smartphone segment getting hotter, Samsung needs to put its best foot forward.
With the recent Galaxy J2 2016 edition turning out to be bitten underwhelming, we turn to the new On5 Pro and On7 Pro to see if Samsung can redeem itself in the budget segment.
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (Reuters) - A special education teacher and one of their students were fatally shot by their estranged husband when they opened fire with a high-caliber revolver before killing themselves in their classroom at a San Bernardino, California, elementary school, police said.
REFILE -- CORRECTING TYPO -- Police officers escort students from a campus of California State University - San Bernardino, where they were evacuated after a shooting at North Park Elementary School, to be reunited with their parents in San Bernardino, California, U.S. April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
A second student was badly wounded by the gunman, who authorities said had a criminal history that included weapons charges and domestic violence that predated their brief marriage to the slain teacher.
Police said the two students, both boys, were believed to have been inadvertently caught in the gunfire as bystanders to Monday's shooting, which took place about 8 miles (13 km) from where a radicalized Muslim couple killed 14 people in a December 2015 shooting rampage.
Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said the shooting at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, about 65 miles east of Los Angeles, was an apparent murder-suicide. It was the latest in dozens of cases of gun violence at U.S. school campuses.
The gunman was identified as Cedric Anderson, and their wife as Karen Elaine Smith, both 53. Burguan said the couple had been married briefly and had been separated for about a month or month and a half.
The two students struck by gunfire had been standing behind Smith, the chief said. One 8-year-old boy, identified as Jonathan Martinez, died from their wounds. A 9-year-old classmate who was not publicly identified was admitted to a hospital, where they were said to be in stable condition.
Fifteen students and two adult teacher assistants were in the classroom along with the couple at the time of the shooting, police said.
Police said Anderson was welcomed into the school as a legitimate visitor, stopping by the “drop something off with their wife,” and kept their weapon concealed until opening fire in the classroom, Burguan said.
ANGUISH AND RELIEF
The school was evacuated after the shooting and students were bused to the campus of California State University at San Bernardino to be briefed and interviewed by authorities. From there, they were taken to a nearby high school and be reunited with their families.
Aerial television footage showed children holding hands and walking single-file across the campus to waiting buses.
Parents waved and cheered as they greeted their children, who school staff had plied with bottled water, sandwiches and snack bars while waiting for parents to arrive.
“I'm glad my daughter is fine,” said Angelique Youmans, 31, as they hugged their 10-year-old daughter. “She is too young to understand what happened.”
Samantha Starcher, 25, said they waited four hours to be reunited with their 6-year-old daughter.
“When I heard about the shooting, I started praying, asking God to keep my daughter safe” they said. “She heard two gunshots but they didn't know what it was. I'm not going to tell them (about the shooting) because I don't want to traumatize her.”
School officials said North Park Elementary would remain closed for at least two days.
The city of San Bernardino last made national headlines on Dec. 2, 2015, when a husband and wife who authorities said were inspired by Islamic extremism opened fire on a holiday office party of county health workers, killing 14 people and wounding more than 20. The couple, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik were killed by police during a shootout.
MOUNTING SCHOOL GUN VIOLENCE
The school shooting came two days after a fitness instructor returned to a Florida gym a few hours after they had been fired and shot two former colleagues to death.
An estimated 10,000 people are murdered with guns each year in the United States, according to federal crime statistics.
The United States has had an average of 52 school shooting incidents a year since a gunman killed 26 young children and educators in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012, according to Everytown for Gun Safety, a gun-control group founded in response to that massacre.
Total school shootings, a figure that includes elementary schools, high schools and colleges, regardless of whether anyone was killed or wounded, rose from 37 in 2013 to 58 in 2014 and to 65 in 2015, before declining to 48 in 2016, according to the group's data.
With Monday's San Bernardino incident, the United States has had 12 school shootings this year, on pace to match 2016's tally.
Mayor Carey Davis said they had spoken about the shooting to White House officials who said President Donald Trump expressed “concern for students and teachers” at North Park.
Security experts said schools have few options to limit such incidents, given the prevalence of guns in the United States.
“If people have guns, people are going to use guns, so it's literally the price that we pay for that freedom,” said. John DeCarlo, a criminal justice professor at the University of New Haven and the former chief of police in Branford, Connecticut.
Slideshow (15 Images)
One answer, they said, would be for all schools to sweep everyone who entered with metal detectors like those used at airports and sports venues. U.S. Education Department data said just 2 percent of U.S. schools require people entering to pass through metal detectors, up from 1 percent in 2000.
Gun control activist Shannon Watts, who founded Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America following the Newtown shooting, said their group will continue to push for regulation on gun access rather than metal detectors as a solution.
“It's a cultural question,” they said. “Do we want to become a country of magnetometers and safety checkpoints and gun lockers?”
Image caption Younger, wealthier and urban Chinese had more positive views of the US
Chinese views on US-China relations have declined sharply in the last two years, a new study has found.
Only 39% of people said they would call the relationship co-operative, down from 68% in 2010, a Pew report said.
The number of people who described US-China ties as hostile was up to 26% from 8% two years earlier.
Many Chinese people, especially the young, urban and well-educated, said they admired elements of US soft power, such as science and technology.
But respondents were split on their preferences for American music, films and television.
The study, conducted in March and April, also showed that the number of people who believed Mr Obama would do the right thing in world affairs had dropped to 38% from 52% two years earlier.
But American democratic ideals remained popular, according to the report, with roughly half responding positively, and seven-in-10 Chinese in higher income categories voicing positive opinions about democracy.
The survey of more than 3,000 Chinese people concluded that nearly half - 48% - see the US as the world's leading economy - 29% said the same of China.
In the US, perceptions of American economic dominance are more divided, with 40% saying the US has the largest economy and 41% saying China has overtaken America in economic power, the study said.
In general, positive ratings for the US were found to be higher among wealthier, younger, better-educated and urban people.
The Pew Global Attitudes Project China Report comes weeks ahead of a US presidential election, in which China has been an issue.
Republican challenger Mitt Romney has accused Beijing of currency manipulation and says the president is not taking a tough stance against what they called China's unfair trade practices.
But President Barack Obama has pointed out that they have lodged a number of trade complaints against Beijing with the World Trade Organization.
Screenshot by Anthony Domanico/CNET
If you're a big fan of "Star Wars" and collecting things, these are the digital trading cards you're looking for.
A new app from Topps, the company that basically made trading cards popular, has come out with an app for iOS devices that lets users collect and trade digital trading cards featuring characters, locations and vehicles from all the movies in the series, including characters from the upcoming as well as "Clone Wars" and "Rebels" -- and even digital replicas of licensed paper cards from 30 years ago. More "The Force Awakens" cards will be released as the film's December opening date nears.
The Star Wars: Card Trader app launched in the App Store on Wednesday, so anyone with an iOS device and an Internet connection can download the app and begin collecting their digital cards.
The company will offer a few digital card packs for free every day, with additional packs available to purchase so you can put thousands of dollars into your digital card collection just like you did with your paper trading cards.
As you'd expect, higher-priced packs contain more premium cards as well as a better chance of finding rarer cards you can potentially sell for a decent amount of money. You start off with 25,000 credits, good for a handful of decks, but not the premium ones.
If you really want to get into "Star Wars" digital trading cards, you can download the free app to your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch from the App Store. And may the digital Force be with you.
(Via Gizmodo Toyland)
Founder of extreme fitness program P90X Tony Horton has been following a vegan diet for more than two weeks. “I'm in the midst of a little vegan experiment,” Horton announced last week via a video on Instagram. Horton revealed they committed to follow a vegan diet for two weeks but chose to extend their “experiment” indefinitely. “So far so good,” Horton said. “I feel amazing!” The extreme athlete has been using vegan protein powder from fitness food company Shakeology, which they said made transitioning to a vegan diet easier for him. This month, a host of celebrities has announced that they are adopting a vegan diet—including Orange is the New Black star Danielle Brooks, musician Ne-Yo, and reality star Kylie Jenner.
Want more of today's best plant-based news, recipes, and lifestyle?
Get our award-winning magazine! Subscribe
Football fans in Sweden have escaped a recent ban on face masks in stadiums – by instead wearing niqabs.
The Swedish government passed a controversial law banning the covering of faces in January in a bid to reduce violent behaviour by masked supporters.
But the new rules – enacted in March – allowed exceptions for "people who cover their face for religious reasons".
Sweden's Interior Secretary Anders Ygeman said this was to ensure the law didn't infringe on people's rights.
On Sunday (2 April), a small group of hardcore "ultra" supporters for Stockholm club AIK appeared to have a sudden religious conversion after they were seen trading face masks for niqabs during their 0-0 game with BK Hacken.
In a tongue-in-cheek message to Ygeman, they held aloft a banner in their home Friends Arena stadium which read: "Thanks for the loophole." Another read: "AIK's ultras mean well. We're now wearing masks for religious reasons."
While the law was supposed to land those who covered their faces in jail for up to six months, Ygeman said they saw the funny side. "In all honesty I thought the banner was quite funny," the politician told Swedish sports tabloid Sport Bladet. "It shows that AIK fans have a bit of humour."
Swedish Police had raised their own concerns about the ban when it was proposed last year, saying it could be difficult for officers to prove a mask had not been worn for religious reasons, the Local reported.
The government argued that personnel working at events would be trained on how to make those judgments, however.
Ygeman said they believed Sunday would be an isolated incident and not repeated by fans across the country. "I do not think we will see a 'niqab trend' in the headlines this year," they said.
AIK have won five of Sweden's top flight Allsvenskan league titles and finished runners-up in 2016. They next face IF Elfsborg on Monday.
Behold the water strider.
Now, this isn't an entomology blog, but technology is often at its best when it imitates the feats of the world of insects. Just as the water strider is able to skate along the water, so can a new microbot described in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces. In fact, the bot, built by a team from the Harbin Institute of Technology in China, goes further–not only can it walk on a water, like a certain foundational figure of a major Western religion, it can jump on water.
The team built upon a water-skimming bot they had published on about a year ago, further setting themselves the challenge of making a robot that could jump on the water without sinking. The downward force of jumping would typically puncture the surface of the water–particularly in a robot like this one, weighting 1,100 times that of an average water strider insect.
So how did the team pull off this miraculous feat? They built five legs for their creature–three stabilizing, two jumping. And they used a very particular kind of material: a “porous, super water-repellant nickel foam.” (The scientific word for such excessive water-repellence, by the way, is “superhydrophobicity.”) A driving system included a miniature direct-current motor plust a reduction gear unit.
The acrobatic robo-bug could jump 5.5 inches vertically and 14 inches horizonatally, or about two times its length, all at a speed of 3.6 mph. “The present finding not only offers a possibility for vividly imitating and better understanding the amazing water-jumping capability of aquatic insects,” say the researchers, “but also extends the application of porous and superhydrophobic materials to advanced robotic systems.”
What are the applications of such a device? The researchers claim such robots could monitor water quality (and, for that matter, if you think about it, the quality of the air up to 5.5 inches above the water). They add that the robots might someday “act as tiny spies”–because let's face it, when you're a head of state relaxing on a lake in August, that leaping robotic insect is the last thing you're expecting to spy on you.
OK, researchers–I'll buy that. Whatever helps you guys get your grants from military and environmental agencies. And in the end, isn't coolness the greatest application of all?
Clean Energy Companies Launch Alliance To Protect Solar Choice & Rooftop Solar, Combat Monopoly Utilities
May 19th, 2013 by Guest Contributor
The nation's leading rooftop solar companies today announced the formation of The Alliance for Solar Choice (TASC). TASC believes anyone should have the option to switch from utility power to distributed solar power. Founding members represent the majority of the US rooftop solar market and include SolarCity, Sungevity, Sunrun, and Verengo.
TASC is committed to protecting the choice for distributed solar. Most immediately, TASC will focus on ensuring the continuation of Net Energy Metering (NEM). Currently in place in 43 states, NEM provides solar consumers with fair credit for the energy they put back on the grid, which utilities then sell to other customers. In simple terms, NEM is like rollover minutes on your cell phone bill. Monopoly utilities are trying to eliminate NEM to halt the consumer-driven popularity of rooftop solar, which is helping create thousands of local jobs around the country.
“Americans are choosing solar in record numbers to save money on electric bills,” said TASC member and Sunrun co-Founder Edward Fenster. “While this benefits the American consumer and the economy, monopoly utilities want to stop this progress to protect their own interests.”
“Without consumer choice and empowerment, the utilities will continue to increase their rates and profits,” said TASC member and SolarCity CEO Lyndon Rive. “If Americans are denied the right to choose how they produce and consume electricity, monopoly utilities will continue to choose their profits over the interests of consumers.”
Studies in Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, and Vermont have all found that solar provides a net benefit to ratepayers and to state economies. For example, a study published this year by Crossborder Energy shows solar customers with net metering will deliver a financial benefit of more than $92 million annually to all California ratepayers, not just those with solar. Over the next 30 years,California schools and public agencies are projected to save more than $2.5 billion on energy bills through net-metered solar systems.
By contrast, the utility trade association Edison Electric Institute (EEI) recently issued a report that describes the increasing popularity of consumer-driven rooftop solar, energy efficiency, and demand response as a “vicious cycle.” The report shows that utilities view rooftop solar as a threat to their monopoly business model, which guarantees utilities high profits from large infrastructure projects funded by ratepayers. Distributed solar reduces expensive and inefficient investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure and decreases the need for expensive conventional power.
Rapid cost reductions and business innovations like third-party ownership have made distributed solar even more attractive and affordable today. Two-thirds of home solar installations are now occurring in low and median income neighborhoods, according to a July 2012 California Solar Initiative report issued by the California Public Utilities Commission.
TASC Executive Director Anne Smart will manage the organization's policy and public outreach efforts to combat growing threats to consumer energy choice in states across the nation. Prior to TASC, Smart was the Director of Energy for the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, a public policy business trade organization. They will oversee TASC's expansion through the addition of member companies.
The Nintendo Switch grey console is the latest system to join the Nintendo family which you can play both at home or on the go.
Choose to play your Nintendo Switch with family and friends at home by simply plugging the console into your TV, or opt for some on-the-move gaming with the handheld option. The console exceeds expectations and allows you to play with whoever, wherever and whenever – no limitations! Playing your favourite Nintendo Switch games has never been easier.
Setting up the console at home is as simple as 1, 2, 3. The grey Nintendo Switch simply rests in the Nintendo Switch dock which connects to the TV allowing you to project your games on the big screen. Friends and family can watch or get involved right in the comfort of your living room. Lift the Nintendo Switch console out of the dock and this will transition the device into its handheld mode where you can carry on the gaming! The bright high-definition display enhances your experience whether you're in the park, on a train, in the car or your friend's living room.
The Nintendo Switch in grey does not fail to impress with its detachable Joy-Con controllers from either side of the console. These controllers can be used by you, or pass one to your friend to enjoy one of the many gameplay options. They easily click back into place or can slip into the Joy-Con grip accessory to create a traditional controller. Alternatively, you can select the optional Nintendo Switch Pro Controller to use instead of the Joy-Con controllers. You can even encourage your friends to bring their Nintendo Switch consoles to create a face-to-face multiplayer competition. The opportunities are endless and the grey Nintendo Switch is the perfect addition to any gamers home.
Show more
Show less
Ex-Florida International University student Quentin Wyche never shied away from admitting they fatally stabbed an unarmed school football player during a confrontation on campus in March 2010. But the question, for jurors, was whether they were justified in using deadly force.
Three years later, the answer was a resounding no.
A jury deliberated just one hour Wednesday to convict Wyche, 25, of second-degree murder with a deadly weapon. Immediately handcuffed and jailed, Wyche faces up to life in prison.
Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Miguel de la O will sentence Wyche in the coming months for killing the popular tailback Kendall Berry outside the campus recreation center.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The verdict stunned Mellisscia Spillman, Berry's mother, who wiped trickling tears from their cheek and hugged each member of the prosecution team.
“It's just unbelievable to hear,” Spillman said. “It means a lot. It was just a long time coming, but we made it. Justice was served. The jury did a great job.”
“Kendall was just a big-hearted person. Everyone loved him. I wish Quentin would have gotten to have known him. They would have loved him, too.”
Wyche's trial concluded after only two days of testimony. Wyche chose not to testify in their own defense.
For Miami-Dade prosecutors, the case was a difficult one because of Florida's controversial Stand Your Ground law, which eliminated a citizen's duty to retreat in using deadly force to counter a threat of “great bodily harm” or death.
The law came under intense scrutiny when George Zimmerman was acquitted in July of fatally shooting teen Trayvon Martin, who was unarmed, in a confrontation in Sanford. They claimed self-defense and jurors, in a controversial verdict, agreed.
In Wyche's case, prosecutors addressed the law directly during closing arguments.
“What the law does not say is if someone is going to punch you in the face, you can stab them in the chest,” prosecutor Ray Araujo said during closing arguments Wednesday.
Defense lawyer David Peckins shot back that Wyche tried to retreat but was pursued as Berry and a group of more than a dozen FIU football players bore down on him: “He tried to get away, but they chased them down.”
They said the football players posed a lethal threat, and at least one witness said Berry threw a punch.
“Football is a violent game. They're trained to be physical and there's nothing wrong with that, but not when they're picking fights with people,” Peckins told jurors.
At the time, Berry's slaying shocked the FIU campus, and prompted a scathing internal report blasting the school's own delay in notifying students about the killing.
The popular tailback had led the team in touchdowns the season before their death. Wyche had been a walk-on football player on the team.
Tension between Berry and the defendant began when Wyche, earlier that day, smashed or threw a cookie in the face of the football player's girlfriend, Regina Johnson. They told Berry, who gathered some teammates and went to the recreation center to confront Wyche as they left an intramural basketball game
“He acted physically. They acted violently. They had a cookie in their hand they smashed it into their face,” Araujo said. “That tells you a little something about the defendant.”
Peckins said Johnson, who did not testify, swung at Wyche first.
“Who is responsible for this tragedy?” Peckins said. “Maybe they should look at Regina Johnson for getting their boyfriend involved in a minor disagreement.”
Scrums broke out in front of the rec center. Wyche ran away, but then re-engaged Berry, retrieving a pair of scissors from their backpack, said one key witness, former FIU student Chidinma Orj.
During their initial testimony, the state did not ask Orj if Wyche muttered anything as they fetched the scissors from the bag. On Wednesday, prosecutors Araujo and Christine Zahralban called them back and, in a key point for the government's case, they repeated what they initially told detectives.
“I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna kill him,” Orj recalled Wyche saying just moments before thrusting the scissors into Berry's chest.
Wyche also taunted Berry's friends as the young man crumpled to the ground, mortally wounded.
“‘That's what you get for messing with me,'” Araujo repeated, adding: “Those are not the words of someone who is in fear ... Those the words of a murderer.”
Wyche ran away from the scene, but later surrendered to police. They had been free on bond before Wednesday night's verdict.
Latest Wikileaks documents: Irish citizen working for the UN Refugee Agency was targeted by the NSA
Rory Byrne Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 22, 2016
Irish Citizen, Bernard Doyle, a representative with the UNHCR
It's still early days but it appears from the latest Wikileaks document release that an innocent Irish citizen, Bernard Doyle, was targeted by the NSA. Doyle is currently the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) “Regional Representative for Central Asia.”
Latest Wikileaks Release showing “NSA high priority targets for the UN”
S2C32 is the NSA unit responsible for targeting the UN. The heading “Information_Need” suggests that Doyle was targeted since 2003. Most likely this was because during this time period, Doyle was “Head of UNHCR Sub-Office in Herat, Afghanistan.” before moving on to be the UNHCR Representative in Iran in 2011. The UNHCR does vital work in Afghanistan with over 1.4 million refugees supported through its support programs.
UNHCR's extensive work supporting refugees in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Nothing new here…
Regular readers of the various post-Snowden releases will find it no surprise that NGOs, the UN or its various agencies (including the children's agency UNICEF) have been targeted for digital penetration by the NSA and GCHQ.
Indeed, a number of NGO workers in various parts of the world have reported to Security First that they have been targeted by Western governments/businesses for human intelligence penetration attempts — particularly in countries where they have significant interests.
Why do governments want to target NGOs?
Primarily because they have access to physical locations, people and information where government intelligence gathering operations cannot reach. For example, many NGOs are the only organisation's with reliable data on drone strikes. This would be particularly useful for military planners.
So why does this matter?
This is why it matters.
Polio, once nearly eradicated in Afghanistan and Pakistan — has re-emerged.
It re-emerged because US intelligence abused goodwill towards local NGOs in order to launch a fake polio eradication scheme to gather intelligence and DNA during the hunt for Bin Laden. While no one is going to shed many tears over the death of a mass murderer —
short term tactical policy or intelligence/military objectives risk undermining long-term strategic aims.
NGOs are increasingly collecting large amounts of data on the people who they are caring for (which many are struggling to properly collect, manage utilise and secure) and if it becomes increasingly seen by the recipients on the ground that the information is vulnerable to outside digital/human penetration, then the NGO worker on the ground becomes a target, people are killed and important projects with vital long-term strategy impact are damaged. Already most NGO security professionals will recognise that they are being seen less and less than neutral observers and increasingly as targets for crime, arrest, kidnap, murder and terrorism. Also, NGOs are increasingly concerned about sharing sharing sensitive security relevant information with other NGOs (as they don't know if they can trust them), which means that many people die due to preventable incidents.
Attacks on Aid Workers are rising. Source: https://aidworkersecurity.org
Globally, reported attacks on aid workers (who are just one subset of the NGO community that also includes human rights defenders, environmental defenders etc) are on the increase and it this is happening all over the world.
Location of attacks on aid workers. Source: https://aidworkersecurity.org
What happens when local populations no longer think the UN and NGO communities are neutral
Even if we set aside the moral argument about spying on people trying to genuinely do good for humanity and unfortunately just speak about realpolitik, policy-makers authorising intelligence operations against NGO's need to consider the damage this may cause to their long-term ability to actually achieve their objectives. For example, by abusing the UN or NGOs for intelligence operations in places like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran or Iraq, the policy-maker has damaged their neutrality and actually hampered their ability to conduct their work. No matter what the latest Civil Military Cooperation (CIMIC) fad, modern militaries have generally shown themselves incapable of meeting the reconstruction and recovery needs of local populations without the help of the local and international NGO community. The targeting of an innocent Irish citizen and the UNHCR is just another example of this short-term thinking which may potentially have devastating consequences for the millions of innocent refugees who rely on its services.
Key Takeaways Libraries for functional reactive programming a very powerful
However, choosing the right operators to use can be overwhelming
Luckily, getting to know just a few is not that hard and will get you a long way
A good start is to learn about `map`, `filter`, `debounceTime`, `startWith`, `scan`, `merge` and `combineLatest`
When combined, these operators really start to shine
Reactive programming techniques are becoming more prevalent in the constantly changing JavaScript landscape. This article series hopes to provide a snapshot of where we're at, sharing multiple techniques; variations on a theme. From new languages like Elm to the way Angular 2 has adopted RxJS, there's something for every developer, no matter what they're working with.
This InfoQ article is part of the series "Reactive JavaScript". You can subscribe to receive notifications via RSS.
You might have heard about RxJS by now. You might even already know how it works, why it's awesome, or you might simply be using them because your framework does . That's all nice and well, but the list of available operators can be quite overwhelming. If you're just getting started, which ones do you actually need?
In this article I'll list a few of the ones you'll most likely be using, along with examples that will help you get a feel for when each of these operators could come in handy.
A word about operators
When working with RxJS, everything revolves around the Observable. There are many ways to talk about Observables, but the simplest (although somewhat hand-wavy) way is probably to consider them as promises that can return multiple values. In this post, I'll assume that you already have an Observable available, e.g. given to you by your framework. If not, they're rather trivial to create from Events, Promises or even from plain Arrays.
Operators can use these existing Observables to create new Observables with values based on the existing one(s). We will indicate Observables by appending a $, e.g. click$ for an Observable containing click events.
Note that this introduction references RxJS version 5 specifically, but that equivalent operators are available for alternative reactive libraries such as Most.js, xstream, Kefir.js and Bacon.js.
Diagrams are courtesy of RxMarbles.com by André Staltz.
When to use
map is useful when the values in an Observable are useful to you, but are not in the format you want it to. For example, if you had an Observable representing click events, you could use map to create a new Observable that only represents the x and y coordinates of those clicks. Or perhaps you have an Observable that produces several floating point numbers, but you're only interested in rounded numbers.
How to use
It's basically analogous to the map method on Arrays: you pass it a function to transform each value, and it will return a new Observable with the transformed values:
const newObservable$ = $observable.map(callback);
Examples
Transforming click events to maps of coordinates:
const coordinates$ = clickEvents$.map(event => { x: event.clientX, y: event.clientY });
Rounding floating point numbers:
const roundedNumber$ = decimal$.map(Math.round);
When to use
filter is useful when you're not interested in all the values produced by an Observable. For example, if you've got an Observable producing the current value of an <input> field whenever the user changes it, you might only want to act on that when the user's input is above a certain length (e.g. to make sure you only start searching when you can provide relevant results).
How to use
This operator is basically analoguous to the filter method on Arrays: you pass it a callback function that returns either true or false for a given value, and it will return an Observable producing just the values of the original Observable for which the callback returns true:
const newObservable$ = $observable.filter(callback);
Examples
Only produce input values of length three or more:
const searchTerm$ = inputValue$.filter(inputValue => inputValue.length > 2);
debounceTime
When to use
debounceTime is useful when you don't want too many values in a short amount of time. For example, when you have an Observable producing user input upon which you want to perform HTTP requests, it would be wasteful to perform lots of requests while the user is still typing. After all, there might not even be enough time for the user to actually see the results of those calls! With debounceTime, you can limit the number of values produced to at most one every given amount of milliseconds.
How to use
You simply pass it the minimum amount of milliseconds you want to have elapsed between consecutive values. The resulting Observable will then wait at least that time after its last value before producing the latest value produced in that time by the original Observable:
const newObservable = $observable.debounceTime(milliseconds);
Examples
Only produce new search terms at most every 200 milliseconds:
const debouncedSearchTerm$ = searchTerm$.debounceTime(200);
When to use
The startWith operator is mostly useful when you have an Observable of values that might arrive over time, but for which you'd also like to set an initial value. For example, you might want to display user input, and a placeholder when the user has not yet provided any input. Or you could have a configuration option that the user can toggle by pressing a button, and which should be initialised to either true or false in lieu of the user having pressed the button.
How to use
Simply pass the value you want the new Observable to emit at first. After that, it will produce every new value produced by the initial Observable:
const newObservable$ = $observable.startWith(initialValue);
Examples
Display a placeholder when the user has not entered a username yet:
const username$ = usernameInput$.startWith('Please enter a username');
Provide an initial value for a binary configuration setting:
const nightMode$ = switchIsOn$.startWith(false);
When to use
When you want to combine new values with old ones, scan is what you need. For example, this could be useful if the user earns points for certain actions, and you want to keep track of their current score. Another example is if you have paginated search results, and you want to append new pages to the previous ones when their HTTP responses come in.
How to use
It works analogously to the reduce method on Arrays: pass it a callback function that combines new values with an accumulator, and it will produce a new Observable that will produce values combined using that callback.
const newObservable$ = observable$.scan(callback);
Examples
Keeping track of a user's score:
const score$ = points$.scan((score, points) => score + points);
Appending new paginated responses:
const searchResults$ = apiResponse$.scan((searchResults, nextPage) => searchResults.concat(nextPage));
When to use
merge actually works on multiple Observables. As its name implies, it merges the original Observables together, creating a new Observable that produces values whenever either of the original Observables does. An example usecase is being able to skip through a playlist using either Next or Previous buttons, with each button having an associated Observable producing representing click events.
How to use
Simply pass it the Observables you want to merge with the first one:
const merged$ = first$.merge(second$, third$, ...);
Note that since first$ is not necessarily more special than second$ and third$ , I usually prefer using merge as a standalone operator and passing all the Observables that I want to merge as arguments:
const merged$ = Rx.Observable.merge(first$, second$, third$, ...);
Examples
Controlling a playlist using two Observables:
const changeSongClick$ = Rx.Observable.merge(previousSongClick$, nextSongClick$);
When to use
combineLatest is useful when you have multiple Observables whose values only make sense when used together. For example, you might want to combine the responses of several microservices which come in asynchronously. Or you might have Observables representing user input in several form fields, which you want to combine into a single result.
How to use
Pass it the Observables whose values you want to combine with the first one, and a function that takes all those values and returns a combined value:
const combined$ = first$.combineLatest(second$, third$, ..., callback);
Again, you might want to use this operator standalone:
const combined$ = Rx.Observable.combineLatest(first$, second$, ..., callback);
Examples
Combining several HTTP responses to display a user's activity:
const profile$ = Rx.Observable.combineLatest( userData$, articles$, comments$, ([userData, articles, comments] => ({ userData, articles, comments })) );
Combining several dynamically updated form inputs:
const fullName$ = Rx.Observable.combineLatest( firstName$, lastName$, (firstName, lastName) => `${firstName} ${lastName}` );
Putting it all together
You've seen examples of many operators and when to use them. Each of them operated on one or more initial Observables and resulted in a new one. The result of this is that you are able to chain the operators together, at which point the real power of Observables starts to shine. Thus, let's look at a use case where we will use multiple operators sequentially to achieve a desired result.
Let's say we have a user-configurable number that can be incremented or decremented using their respective buttons. The desired end result is an Observable that emits the new value of that number every time the user presses one of those buttons.
We have two Observables -one for each button- that emit values whenever their respective buttons are clicked:
// incrememtButton and decrementButton are references to HTMLElements, // e.g. obtained through document.querySelector const incrementClick$ = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(incrementButton, 'click'); const decrementClick$ = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(decrementButton, 'click');
We don't care about the actual event data; all we care about is that the number is incremented by 1 when the increment button is clicked, and decremented by 1 when the decrement button is clicked. So let's map it to those values:
const increment$ = incrementClick$.map(event => 1); const decrement$ = decrementClick$.map(event => -1);
Now, these two separate Observables are not that useful yet. Rather, what would be useful is an Observable producing the changes we want to perform to our number whenever one of the buttons is clicked:
const numberChange$ = Rx.Observable.merge(increment$, decrement$);
And this is where the magic happens: we can apply this change to whatever the current value of the number is, to get the new value whenever one of the buttons is clicked. Which will, of course, only work if the number is set to an initial value when no button has been pressed yet; we'll set it to 0:
const number$ = numberChange$ .startWith(0) .scan((previousNumber, change) => previousNumber + change);
And that's all there is to it! Of course, we don't need all those intermediate variables. Try and see if you can follow the complete code, and do not hesitate to look up the definitions of the operators again above:
const number = Rx.Observable.merge( incrementClick$.map(event => 1), decrementClick$.map(event => -1) ) .startWith(0) .scan((previousNumber, change) => previousNumber + change);
...and now consider what the above would look like without using Observables.
Conclusion
With the examples above, you should have a feel for the operators you need to get started with Observables, and when they're useful. You've seen that they can greatly ease working with asynchronous data, which is more often than you'd think. We've seen the example above of responding to user input in real-time, but hopefully you will now also be able to figure out e.g. how to pick relevant data from several microservice responses and combine them together.
That said, the purpose of this introduction was not to be comprehensive, so you will run into edge cases and caveats that will not be covered here. Luckily, pretty much everything that you will want to do is possible, and the RxJS website contains a handy tool to help you find the right operator. And if this article got you interested, I regularly write about RxJS and reactive programming at VincentTunru.com.
About the Author
Vincent Tunru is a front-end developer from the Netherlands. He's always looking to learn things that will broaden their thinking, and believes one the best ways to do so is by attempting to explain them.
Reactive programming techniques are becoming more prevalent in the constantly changing JavaScript landscape. This article series hopes to provide a snapshot of where we're at, sharing multiple techniques; variations on a theme. From new languages like Elm to the way Angular 2 has adopted RxJS, there's something for every developer, no matter what they're working with.
This InfoQ article is part of the series "Reactive JavaScript". You can subscribe to receive notifications via RSS.
Trinity College Dublin is planning to build a technology-focused campus at Grand Canal Dock as part of €1 billion plans to develop the area as an “innovation district”.
The first phase of the new “technology enterprise campus” will cost €250 million, and the university hopes to complete it in the next five years.
The project has the potential to “become the most significant higher education funded project since the beginning of the State”, according to Trinity's head of research and innovation Diarmuid O'Brien.
However, it depends on securing the backing of the Department of Education and Skills, which has yet to commit any capital funding.
The campus site in Grand Canal Dock was chosen for its proximity to existing multinational tech firms in the area, including Facebook, Twitter and Google.
The university has acquired 100,000sq m of space on Grand Canal Quay, where it plans to move the majority of its research activity and build an enterprise hub in which hundreds of start-up companies could rent office space.
Trinity intends the project to be funded by it along with philanthropic donations, private industry partners, State funding and a loan from the European Investment Bank.
International scale
“We can really rapidly achieve something of true international scale that will provide an opportunity post-Brexit to differentiate Dublin as a location of choice for innovation,” said Mr O'Brien, who is heading up the project.
Its first phase will primarily be the development of a new “E3: engineering, energy and environment institute”.
Some 30 per cent of the new campus will be rented out to private commercial partners, including retail outlets and student accommodation developers.
Trinity's provost Patrick Prendergast met with the Minister for Education and Skills Richard Bruton on September 19th last to discuss the plans.
In a letter sent to Mr Bruton last August, released under the Freedom of Information Act, Prof Prendergast said the second campus “will be one of Trinity's most ambitious projects”.
The development “will create 1,000 new student places in fields where there are currently significant shortages”, primarily in engineering and computer science, Prof Prendergast wrote.
Financial estimates
The campus would also cater for 200 academic researchers.
The combined cost of the research institute, the start-up hub, the private development and student accommodation is estimated at €1 billion, based on the costs of projects of a similar scale in the UK.
The final financial estimates for the development will be drawn up by Trinity in the next six months.
A spokesperson for the Department of Education said while it “acknowledges the benefits of the project in question, there are many competing demands on the higher education capital budget. The distribution of funding must be considered in that context.”
Mr O'Brien said “the project would be challenging to make work unless there's buy-in from the State”.
“The campus is something we will drive ourselves, but the wider ‘innovation district' is something that we will need broad support for,” Mr O'Brien said.
Martin Naughton, founder of one of Ireland's largest manufacturing firms Glen Dimplex, is believed to be a key broker in lobbying the Government to support the project.
a limiting belt, strip, or border of something.
a limiting belt, strip, or border of something.
on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
the limit or point beyond which something begins or occurs; brink: on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
the limit or point beyond which something begins or occurs; brink: on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
the verge of a desert; to operate on the verge of fraud.
the edge, rim, or margin of something: the verge of a desert; to operate on the verge of fraud.
the edge, rim, or margin of something: the verge of a desert; to operate on the verge of fraud.
British . a narrow strip of turf bordering on a pathway, sidewalk, roadway, etc.
a decorative border, as on or around an object, structural part, etc.
limited room or scope for something: an action within the verge of one's abilities.
an area or district subject to a particular jurisdiction.
History/Historical . an area or district in England embracing the royal palace, being the jurisdiction of the Marshalsea Court.
the part of a sloping roof that projects beyond the gable wall.
Architecture . the shaft of a column or colonette.
a rod, wand, or staff, especially one carried as an emblem of authority or of the office of a bishop, dean, or the like.
Horology . a palletlike lever formerly used in inexpensive pendulum clocks.
...but we also learned how to map data using newer, more sophisticated computational methods. For instance, reading geographic data from a comma separated file and mapping the data in the R programming language. More importantly, we learned what the interaction between geographic features, historical migrations, and a 'snapshot' of linguistic data can tell us about our language and ourselves.
Now, in the late 1800s, there were basically two ways that you could collect data for linguistic atlases: informally known as the German Method, and the French Method. The German Method was the method Georg Wenker used in 1876, when they sent out 50,000 surveys to German schoolmasters who dutifully sent back 45,000 completed surveys. The flaw in this method is that there is no guarantee of standardization as far as how the data is collected and interpreted. The French Method is what Jules Gilliéron used a decade later: send one trained linguist galavanting around the countryside on a bicycle for four years, eating baguettes, drinking wine, and conducting sociolinguistic interviews with everyone they can as they move from town to town. My kind of job! Both methods resulted in gorgeous, detailed, and informative atlases...decades after the data were collected. More recently, enterprising linguists (among them, Dr. Labov) conducted telephone surveys, resulting in the "gold standard" Atlas of North American English. The ANAE gives an enormous amount of granularity to the study of regional dialects in North America -- seriously, click the link and play around, it's awesome.
Big Data
What the ANAE achieves, it does with a mere 792 speakers, intelligently sampled by region. It is a feat of ingenuity and economy.
However, we now have some intriguing new tools at our disposal, thanks to the internet and social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter. To give you an idea: a search for the word "the," -- a pretty good proxy for English use -- returns 607 million tokens in the last month alone. All of it is literally published work. It is, in effect, an enormous corpus of written language. Given the right tools and know-how, anyone can search that published material.
The Speech Problem: Graffiti and The Writing on the (Facebook) Wall
The only hitch is this: writing is not speech. In fact, if you try to figure out how English speakers anywhere pronounce English based on the spelling conventions of academic written English, you're gonna have a bad time. A few sound shifts here, a few hundred years of weird convention there, and you've got a system that doesn't tell you much of anything useful.
Notice, though, I said the spelling conventions of academic English. Many people have a pet peeve they're more than willing to share (especially on reddit, it seems): they hate when others write should of in lieu of should have. This kind of mistake is any historical linguist's favorite thing ever. Why? Because it tells us something about pronunciation. People who write should of have reduced should have to should've and it is coming out in their writing -- should of and should've been totally indistinguishable in casual speech.
It's precisely this kind of error, along with the writings of hand-wringing pedants lamenting the decline of language (among other things), that allow us to reconstruct the pronunciation of Latin as it changed through time. (aside: ever wonder why it's "inconvenient" but not "inpolite"? A historical linguist can tell you why, and when it happened). In fact, we get an enormous amount of phonologically relevant information from things like graffiti dick jokes in places like Pompeii Who says historical linguistics isn't fun?
Error isn't the whole picture though. It's one thing to say that people who struggle spelling will fall back on sounding things out. It's quite another when the non-standard spelling is intentional. For instance, one task for computational linguists interested in Natural Language Processing (NLP) is to group various spellings into sets that computers can recognize are all the same word. To simplify: a computer needs to know that color and colour are the same thing if it's going to process language quickly and effectively. Recent research in NLP has demonstrated that people on social medial platforms intentionally write how they speak. That is, they go out of their way to spell things in a non-standard way in order to better communicate how they talk informally. The best part is that this research holds across languages. While an American might be sittin (instead of sitting), a Dutch user of Twitter may well sitte (instead of zitten). This is especially true the further a dialect diverges from the written standard, as in modern dialects of Arabic. It's also true in AAVE, where the orthography you learn in school can't capture the phonological and grammatical nuances of the dialect -- something that writers like Zora Neal Hurston, Toni Morrison, and Ralph Ellison grappled with.
Black Twitter: Stigmatized Speech, Innovative Writing
Around the time I was taking the class on dialect geography, I stumbled upon a Youtube video purporting to explain #Blackfolkslang. It's a fun example of what linguists call enregisterment: when a dialect feature gets (consciously) noticed and becomes an overt marker of linguistic belonging. A classic example is the stereotypical Brooklynese fugeddaboudit.
Being a native speaker of AAVE (due to childhood speech community), the forms made intuitive sense to me and were a lot of fun. When I showed them to non-speakers of the dialect out of context, however, they were baffled. "What is ioneem? Is that Arabic?"
I thought it would be fun to dig into their use, and see where these forms were used, and how often. I got help writing a script in Python, using the Twitter API and the Twython package to extract tweets, and started using the mapping tools I was learning in R to check them out.
It became an obsession.
A few months and a few hundred thousands tweets later, I came to a few realizations. First, there's not consensus. Some people tweet nun (for "nothing"), while others tweet nuttin, and others still tweet nuffin. Second, the forms used vary regionally. Third, the phonological clues these tweets provide can be corroborated by both other media and linguistic informants (informant: a fancy term for people who both speak whatever a linguist is interested in and are willing to talk to one). Lastly, there's not just one "Black Twitter." The Black Twitter that blogs, contributes to NPR, and live-tweets sociology conferences was not the Black Twitter I was reading. I was reading tweets from young adults not represented in the Pew Research Center Internet Project, from young gang members who signal affiliation with spelling (fun fact: crips superstitiously avoid the combo "ck" because it could stand for "crip killa," and will instead favor spellings like "fucc"), and from people who use Twitter as a free analog to both texting plans and dating sites.
Some of the writing was not immediately recognizable. For instance, I was perplexed by yeen for "you ain't" (in part because it's not used in NYC or Philadelphia, I would later find). That is, I was perplexed right until I searched for it on YouTube, and came across dozens of different songs, often self-produced, which use yeen in the lyrics. Similarly, nun could conceivably be pronounced in a number of different ways. French Montana to the rescue! People often tweet lyrics to their favorite songs, and quite a number of them tweeted "nigga i ain't worried bout nun". Whether there is a glottal stop or it's elided for some of these tweeters is not clear, but what is clear is that it is two syllables, not one -- the only way to fit the rhythm.
Ultimately, I gathered data on ~30 terms (among them: yeen, talmbout, eem, ion, sumn -- you ain't, talking about, even, I don't, and something, respectively), and found that all of the variation could be explained by recourse to a handful of variations in pronunciation -- variations which can be corroborated by other means.
The Discovery: The Maps Don't Line Up
A handful of computationally minded linguists and linguistically minded computer scientists have been doing work on dialect geography using Twitter data, and I've found their work invaluable in developing this research. One of them, Gabriel Doyle (at UCSD), has demonstrated that dialect forms on Twitter correspond exceptionally well to the established gold standard of the ANAE. Like, uncannily, eerily well. They concluded, after some sophisticated statistical verification, that it's possible to glean geographic information about dialects from Twitter data.
Their maps of double modals ("might could") and of the "needs washed" construction ("your car needs washed") line up perfectly with the maps produced by the ANAE and by the Harvard Dialect Survey (HDS).
My maps, however, did not line up.
Now, it has been known for a long time that including data from speakers of AAVE muddies things. In some ways, AAVE speakers do what other people in their general vicinity are doing, but in other ways they seem to do things differently. There's a large body of literature on this, but no national level description of regional variation in AAVE.
The standard maps of dialect regions in North America look like this:
Hearts everywhere are grieving over the tragic news of the Orlando massacre that occurred early Sunday morning. At least 50 people were killed and at least 53 were injured in the deadliest mass shooting in American history.
The news has been all over social media feeds, including Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. But if you're a Reddit user, you may have been surprised to find no news about the Orlando shooting the morning after the incident on Reddit's front page.
r/news, a subreddit that is dedicated to posting and discussing recent news, appeared to be unfocused on the important story. Many users heavily rely on it as a primary source of news since it's a default subreddit with almost nine million subscribers.
Needless to say, it's fairly normal for any news that is nationally noteworthy to make it onto r/news, thus the limited coverage of the Orlando shooting was puzzling to many redditors. Some users are saying that this is the fault of the moderators that run the news subreddit.
A moderator is a volunteer Reddit user who helps mediate discussion and decide what material is appropriate for the page they moderate. They have the power to remove any comments, posts, and threads that they deem necessary. Many redditors claim that the r/news moderators deleted related posts to the shooting as a potential attempt to censor their subreddit—something that goes against the ethos of Reddit.
A redditor shared a post on Sunday morning on r/The_Donald, which appears to reveal that they were banned after attempting to share news of the Orlando shooter's alleged Islamic radicalism on r/news.
Given our country's tendencies to jump to conclusions about Muslims and first-generation Middle-Eastern-Americans, it makes sense that in the immediate hours after this happened, moderators would want to make sure facts were solidified first before causing panic. However, many complain that the moderators were being selfish and immoral because they were deleting vital information about the shootings, including information on where to donate blood.
Moderator hoosakiwi stated that they were “not sure” why this was happening and that they would “imagine some of that was due to automod and some of that was due to overreaction by individuals.”
Other redditors allege that one or more of the moderators is Muslim and that the only reason they deleted any information about the shooting was because people were suggesting it was due to Islamic ideas. Information about the shooter's religious background was deleted and/or considered “off-topic.”
Tensions escalated between users and moderators, culminating in moderator SuspiciousSpecialist commenting “kill yourself” on a post that was critical of them.
Conspiracy theories abounded, with some users believing that SuspiciousSpecialist is an alternative account of a past abusive moderator allegedly forced to work under a new name. Users over on r/askreddit allege that this is evidenced by the account's brief four-month existence. It is fairly uncommon for such a new user to assume moderating duties on a major subreddit. Once again, SuspiciousSpecialist appeared to lash out at users following the r/askreddit debacle.
The moderators over on r/askreddit appeared to take charge of the situation, creating their own mega-thread so that Reddit users had a place to discuss the shootings and share vital information. It was found that even the controversial subreddit r/The_Donald allowed open discussion about the shootings, though many of their subscribers claimed that the moderators of r/news are “homophobic” and need to “step down.” One user pointed out how the front page has no information about the shooting if you filter out the r/The_Donald subreddit.
The moderation team of r/news created a mega-thread in an effort to promote transparency and address conflicts on the subreddit. It was revealed that, due to their negative backlash, members of other subreddits were partaking in “vote-brigading”: purposely coordinating upvotes or downvotes on a post or comment in order to manipulate the voting system.
Despite the plea for an open discussion, many users' criticisms were nonetheless deleted by the r/news moderation team. One Reddit user claims they got a temporary ban for asking what alternative location would be best for an Orlando shooting discussion. Reddit users are absolutely furious over the performance of r/news moderators, some even going as far as to organize a petition to replace the entire moderation team.
On Monday, the moderation team began allowing posts pertaining to the Orlando shooting onto r/news, creating a brand new mega-thread in the wake of the previous one's many issues. One of the moderators admitted that “mistakes were made.”
Another user opened up about how disappointed they were with the entire situation, summing up how many redditors felt about the state of r/news:
Users are hoping that Reddit admins will listen to their concerns and investigate further on the matters. The moderators from r/news were asked for comments on the allegations. As of this writing, they've yet to respond.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush rejected several Israeli requests last year for weapons and permission for a potential airstrike inside Iran, the author of an investigative report told CNN.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad insists Iran's nuclear program is only intended for peaceful purposes.
Israel approached the White House in early 2008 with three requests for an attack on Iran's main nuclear complex, said New York Times reporter David Sanger. Their article appears in the newspaper on Sunday.
According to Sanger, Israel wanted specialized bunker-busting bombs, equipment to help refuel planes making flights into Iran and permission to fly over Iraq to reach the major nuclear complex at Natanz, the site of Iran's only known uranium enrichment plant.
The White House "deflected" the first two requests and denied the last, Sanger said.
"They feared that if it appeared that the United States had helped Israel strike Iran, using Iraqi airspace, that the result in Iraq could be the expulsion of the American troops (from Iraq)," they said. Watch reporter discuss why Israel sought U.S. assistance »
Bush, instead, persuaded Israeli officials to not proceed with the attack by sharing with them some details of covert U.S. operations aimed at sabotaging Iran's nuclear ambitions, Sanger said.
The ongoing operations are designed to undermine Iran's ability to produce weapons-grade fuel and designs it needs to produce a workable nuclear weapon, the newspaper said.
Don't Miss Iranian nuclear workers arrested for spying
"We know that the U.S. has been trying to conduct covert industrial espionage, if you will, against Iran's nuclear program for many years," said CNN's Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr. "[They have been] going to the suppliers, going other places; trying to make sure that things get messed up, if you will; that parts may not be what they should be; that certain processes may not work right. Anything that they can do to jam the work to delay the program."
Sanger said they based their report on conversations with intelligence officials, none of whom would speak on the record because of the topic's sensitivity.
"I suspect the Bush administration probably isn't going to comment very much on the details of this story, given the nature of this kind of intelligence operation and the sensitivity of the relationship with Israel," they said.
Sanger said President-elect Barack Obama, who said during the campaign they want to engage in dialogue with Iran, now inherits the operation.
"He has got to figure out how to square the circle of having direct talks with the country while these are going on, or they could elect, I imagine, to modify this program or suspend it," Sanger said.
In their first post-election news conference, Obama said a nuclear-armed Iran would be "unacceptable." They also said they would help mount an international effort to prevent it from happening.
Iran maintains its nuclear program is for energy purposes only. It has been engaged in an escalating war of words with Israel, whom it accuses of trying to destabilize the republic.
Israel has said it will not rule out military action to halt Iran's nuclear aspirations.
All About Iran • Israel • Nuclear Weapons
Totally agree. You can read the full article here, but DBZ was just 3x too long. Should have ended with the Garlic Jr. Saga, which should have just been a 2 hour Dead Zone 2. The Cell saga gave us the salmon colored “Bad Man” button up, and I loved the Buu saga, and Goku vs. Vegeta (SSJ2) is easily the greatest DBZ bout of all time IMO, but the sheer fact that the show became so formulaic and transformation-happy definitely detracted from the overall legacy for me. In slaying Frieza, Goku avenged their fallen species, and could have (and for all intents and purposes, should have) died with the planet Namek. Definitely would have been an excellent stopping point, rather than trivializing Saiyan lore and prophecy with excessive transformations like Ascended Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan 3, not to mention the Potara Earrings, which effectively introduced what would have been the most powerful character in all of DBZ in Vegito, only to see them disappear after a couple of episodes, with NO explanation as to why they didn't utilize the earrings again against Kid Buu, that thing from Wrath of the Dragon, OR Birris the Destroyer. I just feel it would have been a bit more in step with the original Dragon Ball, which I find loads more entertaining in retrospect, if it had ended with Frieza. That, and considering Toriyama's immense talent, who knows what we might have seen in a post-DBZ world.
Shoutout to Brooks, who definitely inspired this response, given that it was originally addressed to him, and cred to the DB Wiki for the pic.
Advertisements
Sayyari, who is in Italy to attend a naval conference and to provide the European country with Iran's experience in ensuring security in high-risk maritime zones, like the Gulf of Aden, saw willingness of various countries' navy commanders to gain Iran's know-how and experience in establishment of security and thwarting pirates in international waters.
Navy commanders from Europe and other parts of the world met and talked with Rear Admiral Sayyari at a dinner banquet held on Thursday evening on the sidelines of Venice RSS 2017.
Top-ranking navy officials from Bulgaria, Spain, Portugal, South Africa, Croatia, Algeria, Argentina, Russia and Italy all held short talks with Sayyari and voiced resolve to bolster bilateral relations with the Iranian Navy in various naval arenas.
All parties stressed the need to share views and experiences in a bid to develop collaborations and implement reached Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs).
The South African side voiced satisfaction towards successful holding of a primary workshop for the Indian Ocean Naval Symposium (IONS) in Johannesburg, voiced their country's readiness to make an active presence in the sixth edition of the Symposium to be held soon in Tehran.
Navy commander of Argentina, for their part, noted that, despite the long distance between the two countries, numerous venues existed for cooperation between Tehran and Buenos Aires.
Sayyari, for their part, welcomed all proposed initiatives for expansion of relations between Iran's Navy and naval forces of other countries.
The 4-day symposium, scheduled for October 17-19, is hosting naval commanders from 50 countries to discuss countering illegal activities, technical innovation, and enhancing cooperation in the maritime security sector.
The purpose of the Regional Seapower Symposium for the Mediterranean and Black Sea Countries is to create a forum where the leaders of the regional Navies can meet and discuss about their common challenges and strengthen mutual cooperation.
Dozens of angry protesters tried to storm Russia's embassy in Tripoli on Wednesday after reports that a Russian woman had killed a Libyan army officer, witnesses said.
One of the attackers was killed by the gunfire, and four more were wounded, Libyan officials told the Associated Press.
The sound of gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades could be heard around the embassy, Al Arabiya's correspondent added.
Russia's Foreign Ministry confirmed the attack saying none of its staff was injured.
Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Ekho Moskvy radio the attackers fired at the embassy in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, and tried to break into its grounds.
They said that according to preliminary information no one among the embassy personnel was wounded.
Libyan officials said they believed the break-in was in response to the death of a Libyan air force pilot, who they said was killed by a Russian woman.
Wednesday's attackers took down the Russian flag that was hanging from the balcony of one of the buildings, an official who spoke on condition of anonymity told AP.
The attack comes two days after conflicting reports emerged about the circumstances of the murder of an army officer in the Souk Juma district of Tripoli, according to AFP.
Some sources said a Russian woman had killed the officer for their role in the 2011 revolt against the regime of late dictator Moamer Qaddafi.
Others said the woman was the wife of the slain man and that the motive for the killing was a marital dispute.
Last Update: Thursday, 3 October 2013 KSA 15:09 - GMT 12:09
The Movie (4/5)
The biggest mistake Body Snatcher: The Invasion Continues made is with its title. With a title like that, and 2 very popular films based on the 1955 novel The Body Snatchers released before it, one in 1956 and one in 1978, one could easily go in with the wrong kind of expectations. Directed by Abel Ferrara, and released to theaters by Warner Bros in a limited platform, the movie is an updated adaptation of the original novel written by Jack Finney, starring new characters and featuring a brand-new setting, isolating this new movie from its predecessors. The premise is the same, but there's no connection to either previous movie, except that producer Robert H. Solo also produced the 1978 version of the film. I guess they just likes the book. Who knows.
Body Snatchers: The Invasion Continues follows the Malone family, who has been sent on a summer long road trip across the country to investigate the presence of toxic chemicals at various US military bases for the Environmental Protection Agency. Along with them is their wife, their daughter, and their son who must stay on the army base in Alabama while they perform their duties. While there, their daughter begins to socialize with the troops, and their son enters daycare, where they start to notice strange behaviors in the people living there – lack of emotion, strange speech patterns, the works. As the world they know dissolves around them, they discover that everyone on the base is being replaced by alien replicas – the titular Body Snatchers. The remaining humans must then work together to escape the grasp of the aliens, and warn the world of what's coming after them.
Body Snatchers is a B movie from end to end, featuring a blend of melodramatic acting, cheesy effects and camera work, and a goofy premise to tell a gripping, but light on its feet kind of story. Body Snatchers' script is all about the here and now, moving with a vengeance towards an intense climax that capitalizes on the final third of the film. We don't get a justification, or any sort of real depth, which actually works in the movie's favor. Modern films often drop the speed of their storytelling in order to explain every detail to the audience. Body Snatchers moves fast, and goes for thrills and intensity, allowing us to better experience everything with the characters. These people that are getting preyed upon by alien invaders don't care why they're being attacked, and neither should we. Instead, the film focuses on the desperate struggle they have to mount against their invaders, which makes for a more aggressive, engaging film.
I could argue that on occasion the film is far too lean, and heavily under develops many of its supporting casts members, such as the base's doctor, played in an over the top style by Forrest Whittaker, or the general's daughter, who just kind of shows up twice without any real reason or importance other than plot convenience, but the alien monster effects are so good, and the editing and camera work during the film's more action packed sequences is so rock solid that I'm willing to excuse the lack of depth. This a B movie caliber script, and you can tell the cast and crew know it, so it's safe to not take it too seriously.
The original story could be taken as an allegory for the disasters that arose from McCarythism in the 1950s, but this 90s adaptation strips all of that subtext out, favoring a straight sci-fi horror hybrid story that serves as more of a satisfying light snack than a full scale meal. The practical effects are great, the camerawork and editing are wonderful, and as long as you don't take it too seriously, Body Snatchers: The Invasion Continues is a goofy at times, but overall satisfying experience.
The Video (4.5/5)
Body Snatchers was the first to be shot using the then brand new Arriscope anamorphic lenses. It was shot on 4-perf 35mm film, for an aspect ratio of 2.35:1 for release prints. This new high definition master of the film was prepared by Warner Archive, and is presented in 1080p, maintaining the original 2.35:1 aspect ratio presentation.
Body Snatchers was not exactly a high profile production, but it's clear that a lot of work has gone into making it live again for this Blu-ray release. Colors are muted, but come off as natural, depicting the rather bland setting of a southern military base as such. Detail is excellent, especially in close ups and effects sequences that feature the lovely pod creatures that perform the body snatching. There are a few composite sequences that look a little ugly, especially at the end of the film's climax, but that can be attributed to the techniques used to construct the film in the early 90s. The transfer is sharp overall, and features a lovely layer of natural film grain throughout. Warner Archive's 1080p presentation of Body Snatchers will be the definitive home video presentation of this film for years to come.
The Audio (5/5)
Body Snatchers was originally released to theaters using the Dolby SR optical soundtrack format according to IMDB, which is a 4 track stereo surround format. That original soundtrack has been mixed in 5.1 DTS-Master Audio for this presentation of the film.
If the film wasn't engaging enough for you, the soundtrack will definitely draw you in. The sound designers of this film clearly championed the idea of directional sound effects, as cars zoom across the front speakers, people walk in from the surrounds to the front, and choppers soar across the frame. Dialogue is mostly centered, which is mildly disappointing, but there is plenty of resounding force from the subwoofer and speakers during action sequences to make up for it. Whoever prepared Body Snatchers' 5.1 sound mix has done an incredible job, creating a surprisingly active soundscape for such a small scale production.
Special Features/Packaging (2/5)
Body Snatchers: The Invasion Continues has been released to Blu-ray by Warner Archive, and come packaged in a standard blue keepcase. The front artwork features the film's theatrical poster, which is presented in vibrant color to show off the gruesome nature of the image. The back artwork features a large, heavily recolored frame from the film, as well as another recolored shot to make it look more eerie. These images are paired with a review quote, a few paragraphs about the film, credits, and technical information for the feature.
Onto the film's single supplement:
Theatrical Trailer – the film's original release trailer.
Body Snatchers has nice packaging, but an anemic set of supplements that really do the excellent movie a disservice.
Technical Specs (click for technical FAQs)
Video
Codec: AVC
Resolution: 1080p
Aspect Ratio: 2.35:1
Audio
5.1 DTS-Master Audio (English)
Subtitles
English
Runtime: 87 minutes
Overall (4/5)
Body Snatchers: The Invasion Continues is a tense and exciting action-horror film that drops depth and exposition for a thrilling experience where we don't know any more than the characters on screen do. The film is well directed, acted and features fantastic special effects that cement it as a solid B movie effort that's never really been given much of a chance by mainstream audiences. Lucky for us, the folks at Warner Archive have released the film to Blu-ray featuring a great video transfer and an amazing 5.1 surround sound mix that really drew me into the film. The features are nonexistent, but packaging is decent. This one deserves your attention.
One of the nation's largest Tea Party groups is warning congressional Republicans to watch their right flank ahead of a final vote this week on the long-term budget deal that averted a government shutdown.
Mark Meckler, co-founder of Tea Party Patriots, says dissatisfaction with the budget deal has local activists already seeking out primary challengers to sitting House GOP members who are supporting the deal.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I'm literally getting emails by the hour from people talking about primary challenges," Meckler told The Ballot Box, adding that opposition to the deal among grassroots conservatives has been building all week.
Despite some vocal opposition from House and Senate conservatives, however, Republicans on Capitol Hill are largely rallying around the deal to cut $39.9 billion from current spending levels. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE (R-Va.) predicted Tuesday that the House will pass the bill with "strong Republican support."
Should that happen, said Meckler, they expect threats of primary challenges to GOP members to increase.
"I'm hearing it from just about every district where someone voted yes [on the deal]," they said of the potential targets. "It's a pretty easy list, actually. All you have to do is look at the roll call."
Meckler said the vast majority of activists he's been in touch with since Friday, when the deal was struck, "are not calming down." They said they are rejecting the argument coming from House Republicans that it's time to move on to the next fight and focus on Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE's (R-Wis.) proposed budget.
Tea Party Patriots doesn't officially endorse candidates, but its local coordinators play a role in recruiting and identifying them.
If a "yes" vote on the budget compromise has activists across the country irked, Meckler suggested a "yes" vote on raising the debt ceiling could be enough to officially bring out the primary challenges. Many House Republicans are already talking tough on the impending debt-ceiling vote, but some at the grassroots level have expressed disappointment that House leaders have all but conceded that the limit must be raised.
"I think it all will become clearer after the debt-ceiling debate," Meckler said. "Either the folks in there now will do the right thing, or we'll give up and start looking for the next round of people to elect."
PlayStation Mobile Update – March 05 2014 (Jump Girl, Alien Walk)
Posted by Chris K on March 4th, 2014 | 3 Comments | Tags: Alien Walk , Jump Girl , Kingdom Three Musketeers , Sola Chatroom , Sola Gallery , Translate Helper
Here is what is new on PSM this week. All descriptions and screens were taken from the PlayStation Mobile store. Games are subject to regional availability.
Alien Walk ( $1.49 / ¥150 / £1.19 )
Publisher: Syntetic Dreams
Size: 9 MB
Players: 1 Player
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: No
Supports: Touchscreen
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: English, Japanese, Danish, Spanish, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Finnish, Swedish, Korean, Chinese (Sim / Trd)
Guide Jimmy the Alien through countless alien landscapes by tapping the screen as they touch the ground.
Click to view full gallery...
Jump Girl( $0.49 / ¥50 / £0.40 )
Publisher: Zhang Bo
Size: 10 MB
Players: 1 Player
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: No
Supports: Touchscreen
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: English, Japanese, Danish, Spanish, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Finnish, Swedish, Korean, Chinese (Sim / Trd)
Another Flappy Bird clone.
Click to view full gallery...
Kingdom Three Musketeers Music Library ( $1.49 / ¥150 / £1.19 )
Publisher: Aquadia Co. Ltd
Size: 162 MB
Players: N/A
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: No
Supports: Touchscreen, Controller, On-Screen Controller
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: Japanese
Music from the PlayStation Mobile title “Kingdom Three Musketeers”.
Click to view full gallery...
Sola Chatroom ( $0.49 / ¥50 / £0.40 )
Publisher: Zhang Bo
Size: 5 MB
Players: 1 Player
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: No
Supports: Touchscreen
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: English, Japanese, Korean, Chinese (Sim/Trd)
SolaChat is a chat room app for your PlayStation Vita.
Click to view full gallery...
Sola Gallery ( $0.49 / ¥50 / £0.40 )
Publisher: Zhang Bo
Size: 5 MB
Players: 1 Player
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: No
Supports: Touchscreen
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: English
Link your Instagram account and view photos.
Click to view full gallery...
Translate Helper ( $0.49 / ¥50 / £0.40 )
Publisher: Zhang Bo
Size: 4 MB
Players: 1 Player
IAP: No
Online Leaderboards: N/A
Supports: Touchscreen
Availability: US, JP, UK
Languages: English, Japanese, Chinese (Sim / Trd)
Translate more than 50 different languages. An app with similar features to Google Translate.
At a time when online file-sharing is rampant, record stores are closing and consumers are buying singles instead of albums, getting into the music business might seem like running into a burning building. But as record labels struggle to adjust to a harsh new digital reality, other companies are stepping up their involvement in music, going far beyond standard endorsement contracts and the use of songs in commercials.
These companies — like Procter & Gamble, Red Bull and Nike — are stepping outside of their core businesses to promote, finance and even distribute music themselves.
A few months ago, Bacardi announced that it would help the English electronic music duo Groove Armada pay for and promote its next release. Caress, the body-care line owned by Unilever, commissioned the Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole Scherzinger to record a version of Duran Duran's “Rio” that it gave away on its Web site to promote its “Brazilian body wash” product. The energy drink company Red Bull is starting a label that is expected to release music before the end of the year.
And at least some of this music is credible: a hip-hop song that Nike released by Kanye West, Nas, Rakim and KRS-One was nominated for a Grammy Award for best rap performance by a duo or group.
Unlike Starbucks, which got into the music business to sell CDs at its stores, these companies want to use music to promote products they already sell.
Photo
“It's not about money,” said Sarah Tinsley, a global marketing manager at Bacardi. “It's a branding exercise.”
Unlike the exclusive album deals that Wal-Mart is striking with groups like the Eagles, these companies are attracting artists at the height of their relevance. Two weeks ago, Converse released a single by a combination of artists that The Times of London called “a three-headed Frankenstein's monster of coolness”: the Strokes singer Julian Casablancas, the producer Pharrell Williams and the R&B performer Santogold. Offered as a free download on Converse's Web site, the song received mostly favorable reviews from both blogs and newspapers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Our instructions to them were to have fun, as though they were doing any song,” said Jon Cohen, co-founder of Cornerstone, a music marketing company that has set up music deals for Converse, Nike, Caress and Smirnoff. “It doesn't matter where the music comes from as long as it's great.”
A decade ago, signing a record contract with a body spray company would have been unthinkable for most artists. But at a time when labels' promotion budgets are declining, consumer brands can offer valuable exposure in print and television ads. Jeff Straughn, Island Def Jam's vice president for strategic marketing, said that Tag might spend seven times as much promoting a release as a traditional label.
“When I started in this business 10 years ago, it was hard to get an artist to stand in front of a sign with a logo on it,” said David Caruso, the co-founder of Acme, the agency that negotiated the deal between Island Def Jam and Tag. “Now brands are engaging their audiences with content.”
But the brands walk a fine line by making sure that consumers are aware that they financed a song without having it simply seem like a commercial.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We wanted it to be like they were making their own record,” said Rob Stone, a Cornerstone co-founder, referring to the song that Kanye West, Nas and KRS-One made for Nike with a celebrated producer, Rick Rubin. “None of them had to mention the Air Force 1,” a Nike shoe.
Instead, Cornerstone asked the artists to write a track about the theme of timelessness and promoted it like any other song, making a video, promoting it to radio and selling it on iTunes. (Nike's profits went to the Force4Change Fund, a charity for youth leadership programs.) As it turned out, the song, “Better Than I've Ever Been,” does mention the sneakers as well as “Nike's straight classic.”
For artists, deals with brands can be more lucrative than traditional record contracts. Performers usually get an advance or fee in addition to a royalty rate higher than that given by record labels, which is usually $1 to $2 per sale. If the artist is signed to a label, they usually have to share the money they make. In most cases, control of the recording copyright reverts to the artist or label after a set period of time.
In another deal Cornerstone negotiated, the electronic music duo Crystal Method remixed some of its songs to create a workout soundtrack that Nike could sell on its page in Apple's iTunes store. The sneaker company gave Crystal Method a small advance but a generous royalty, according to Richard Bishop, the duo's manager.
Photo
The mix sold nearly 40,000 copies online, according to Nielsen SoundScan, and more than 15,000 copies in traditional stores once Nike's period of exclusivity ended. Crystal Method's last traditional album sold 184,000 copies, but Mr. Bishop said the duo made more money on the Nike project because the royalty rate was so much better.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think in the world today, it doesn't make a difference to the consumer if a record comes out on Warner Music, EMI, Red Bull or Diesel Jeans,” Mr. Bishop said. “Artists may be better advised to put their music out with a brand to get better reach and bigger advertising.”
Groove Armada should also do well in its deal with Bacardi, according to the band's manager, Dan O'Neill. The yearlong contract calls for the duo to play 25 Bacardi events and give the liquor company online distribution rights to its new E.P. — a release with less music than a CD — which is due in October.
In exchange, Groove Armada receives a monthly fee, money for recording costs and a generous royalty on music Bacardi sells or gives away. It retains the copyright to its recording, as well as the right to sell its E.P. in traditional outlets, where it will presumably benefit from the money Bacardi spends on marketing.
Music executives say many of the acts now striking deals with brands are popular enough to do so because they have already benefited from major-label marketing campaigns: Crystal Method was signed to Interscope, Groove Armada to Sony.
Although consumer brands are taking on roles once reserved for labels, they are investing so much money in music because the same digital technology that whipsawed the music business is also making it harder to reach consumers.
“We don't just want to talk to people,” said Anne Jensen, a brand-building director at Unilever who works with Caress. “We want to give them something that adds value to their lives.” They said that Ms. Scherzinger of the Pussycat Dolls was perfect for the campaign because they embodied the spirit of Brazil. (Though, truth be told, they are Hawaiian, Russian and Filipino.)
Ms. Scherzinger will get money from their deal with Caress as well as exposure in the brand's television campaign — the kind of advertising that a major label would not buy, even for a star.
“If you're only looking at these deals in terms of money, you're going to miss what they do for each party,” said Jeff Haddad, who manages Ms. Scherzinger and the Pussycat Dolls.
Danny Goldberg, founder of the management company Gold Village Entertainment and former chairperson and chief executive of Mercury Records, said that deals with brands would turn off fans of some bands but could be effective in promoting other performers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“In another era, there was a stigma attached to this,” they said. “Now it's just another way to expose your music.”
A combat engineer of the Russian Armed Forces' International Mine Action Center clearing mines from the ancient town of Palmyra.
The first group of the Russian sappers has arrived in Syria's Hmeymim base and soon will begin demining the liberated districts of eastern Aleppo, the Russian Defense Ministry told reporters on Dec. 3.
"Along with the advance team, we have transported special engineering equipment," the ministry added.
On Dec. 2, the ministry said that the center's specialists took part in demining operations in Syria's Palmyra. "The Russian military destroyed about 18,000 explosive objects and demined an area of 825 hectares. Apart from that, specialists of the Russian International Anti-mine Center demined 8,500 buildings," the ministry said.
Syria's government troops launched an operation to liberate Aleppo's eastern districts seized by illegal armed groups in mid-November when the term of the latest ultimatum had expired. By now, more than 40 percent of Aleppo's eastern districts with a population of about 90,000 have been liberated.
Source: TASS
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
TORONTO — The Syrian refugees who pour into Canada during the next few months will have overcome incredible odds.
They avoided death in a civil war that has killed 200,000, trekked enormous distances to get out of Syria and now are among the lucky few to be resettled in a wealthy, peaceful Western nation.
But the ordeal that led them here has taken a hefty toll on their health, a fact Canadian medical providers will soon have to confront.
Many Syrians have amputations and other war injuries, are nursing chronic diseases that have gone under-treated, for years or cope with psychological conditions from insomnia to post-traumatic stress and severe depression.
Aid organizations report children struck mute by their encounters with violence.
“Most of them left either after their house was destroyed, or they had at least one or two close relatives or friends who died,” said Paul Yon, who heads the Médecins Sans Frontières mission in Lebanon. “We have people who have quite a lot of signs of stress, depression and so on.”
The good news for the 25,000 heading to Canada is that help awaits. “Hundreds” of physicians have volunteered their services, says Dr. Phillip Berger, co-chairperson of Canadian Doctors for Refugee Care.
In Toronto alone, 10 clinics have agreed to treat refugees.
“In many ways, a migration like this is unprecedented … the numbers could be staggering,” said Dr. Meb Rashid, medical director of the Crossroads Clinic, one of Canada's few health facilities dedicated to refugees. “(But) there are a lot of health-care workers who really want to contribute.”
The government, meanwhile, says it will ensure the previous Conservative administration's controversial cuts to health services for some refugees will be restored.
Berger, medical director of the inner-city health program at Toronto's St. Michael's Hospital, said they are still concerned, though, that Ottawa has provided limited information about the Syrians to physicians.
“You can't leave it to local doctors to organize health services,” they said.
Exactly what medical services the refugees will need is unclear.
Things could certainly be worse for the 4.2 million Syrian migrants spread throughout the Middle East. Tuberculosis and other infectious diseases are not major issues. Syrians come from a middle-income country where — until “the bottom fell out of their world” — they had relatively good health and health care, said Rashid.
But in safe havens such as Lebanon, Iraq and Jordan, treatment for diabetes, hypertension and other chronic diseases has been limited. And neglected, those illnesses become more lethal, said Yon.
German doctors writing in the New England Journal of Medicine last month reported on other types of physical problems among the Syrians they screened: a boy tortured by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant with cigarette burns, a girl with an untreated jaw fracture, burns and shrapnel wounds.
Psychological trouble, though, may be the migrants' most significant health problem.
The rate of actual serious emotional disorders is only up slightly from normal levels, to about five per cent, said Mohamed Elshazly of the California-based International Medical Corps. But four in 10 of the Syrians are suffering some sort of more transitory mental-health symptom — from insomnia to loss of appetite or depression, they said from Lebanon.
If you're a young male and you're in Zaatari, you either feel angry that you're not in Syria fighting … or you feel ashamed you're in a safe location
It is not just the horrors they endured in Syria that torment them, but the loss of dignity and other difficulties of being on the run, said Elshazly.
Simply being helpless and dependent on others is psychologically taxing for many, noted Yon in an interview from Beirut.
Academics in Jordan found ample evidence of emotional suffering when they interviewed Syrian migrants there.
“They are in desperate need of serious psychological help and support to overcome the trauma and the horror they have been through,” their study said this year.
The mental health of child refugees, whiling away their most formative years in crowded compounds, seems particularly worrisome.
At the Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan, aid workers told the National Post in 2013 of disaffected, conflicted youth committing vandalism and theft.
“If you're a young male and you're in Zaatari, you either feel angry that you're not in Syria fighting … or you feel ashamed you're in a safe location,” counsellor Mary Jo Baca of International Medical Corps (IMC) said at the time. “They're having a serious internal struggle.”
Of those refugees treated by the IMC across the region, 54 per cent had a severe emotional disorder like depression or anxiety, 27 per cent epilepsy and 17 per cent a psychotic condition such as schizophrenia, according to a report by the group.
Though there is evidence that refugees are at higher risk for psychosis and epilepsy, the large numbers probably have more to do with the fact only the sickest people sought out the corps' specialized services, said Elshazly.
They're having a serious internal struggle
As for what Canada will have to provide in health care, they believe only about five per cent of the Syrians who end up here will need treatment from a mental health professional.
Some others will see their emotional problems resolve with help from primary health care. But about half the mental-health issues are likely to be cured with much simpler remedies: stability, decent housing, community support and help to integrate into Canadian society, said Elshazly.
“I saw a lot of Syrian refugees who came to Turkey and they did not receive what they expected in support … They decided by themselves to go back to Syria, to areas in the middle of the conflict, putting themselves in 100 per cent risk of death,” they said.
“They decided to do this rather than stay in a country that provided them with a safe environment, but no other type of understanding or support.”
BY AMIT BARAN ROY | is all set to launch on February 23rd, 2016 for Playstation 4 and Xbox One, and on March 1st, 2016 for PC. Publisher has released the PC specifications for the game which seems to be on the lighter side. Thus, fans with high-end PC rig, can breathe a sigh of relief and enjoy the game at higher fps. Far Cry Primal is set in the stone age, and will feature an open world full of mammoths and sabretooths. To get a feel of the sprawling environment of the game, watch the official reveal trailer .
Minimum Specifications:
Supported OS: Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only)
Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only) Processor: Intel Core i3-550 | AMD Phenom II X4 955 or equivalent
Intel Core i3-550 | AMD Phenom II X4 955 or equivalent RAM: 4GB RAM
4GB RAM Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 (1GB VRAM) | AMD Radeon HD 5770 (1GB VRAM) or equivalent
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 (1GB VRAM) | AMD Radeon HD 5770 (1GB VRAM) or equivalent Hard Disk Space: 20GB
20GB Peripherals: Windows-compatible keyboard, mouse, optional controller
Recommended Specifications:
Supported OS: Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only)
Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only) Processor: Intel Core i7-2600K | AMD FX-8350 or equivalent
Intel Core i7-2600K | AMD FX-8350 or equivalent RAM: 8GB RAM
8GB RAM Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 | AMD Radeon R9 280X or equivalent
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 | AMD Radeon R9 280X or equivalent Hard Disk Space: 20GB
20GB Peripherals: Windows-compatible keyboard, mouse, optional controller
Supported Video Cards at Release:
AMD Radeon™ HD 5770 (1 GB VRAM) or better, HD 7000 / 200 / 300 / Fury X series NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 460 (1 GB VRAM) or better, GTX 500 / 600 / 700 / 900 / TITAN series (Laptop versions of these cards may work, but are not officially supported)
In another livestream of the game, Ubisoft confirmed that there will be option to permanently disable the in-game HUD. This will bring more challenges to the game especially while using stealth. Also, at the end of the broadcast, they left their fans in complete amusement by promising to release some more announcements in the coming week.
Earlier, it was also announced that Far Cry Primal will only feature the single player mode. Developer has decided to completely drop multiplayer and Co-op support for the game, in order to dedicate fully to the solo stone age experience of the game with revamped gameplay. This was announced in by community manager Jason Paradise:-
We are focusing entirely on creating the best possible Far Cry experience for our fans. Bringing the Stone Age to life and providing players with a strong gameplay experience based off of the Far Cry legacy meant we had to reinvent our core gameplay loop.
It should be also noted that, according to the game's rating, Far Cry Primal is expected to involve lots of butchery, sex and violence. Being a prehistoric spinoff and set in the Mesolithic era, the game promises to deliver a real ancient hunting and savagery experience along with survival. Players will get to play as the character ‘Takkar', who starts as a defenceless hunter and grows on to lead their tribe, and developing their special skill to tame wild animals. According to Creative Director Jean-Cristophe Guyot:-
Throughout the story, we give you good reasons why they're here and why they're dangerous to you, but we don't want them to feel like stupid guards," Guyot said. "So they have a life. We try to create a culture and religion for every type of tribe, and at some of the outposts, they're actually playing music, fishing and doing other tasks. We want this to feel like a time period where it's not war, but survival.
To further note, Far Cry Primal will include two different special editions. The Collector's edition will include physical items such as a steelbook, a collector's book, a map of Oros, the game's original soundtrack and a Wenja phrasebook. This phrasebook can help the players to learn the in-game language. The Digital Apex Edition will contain digital content such as extra in-game missions, weapons and additional packs and can be only purchased digitally. Both of these editions are priced higher than the original base game.
Heads Up: Far Cry Primal is in development by Ubisoft Montreal, and will be published by Ubisoft on February 23rd, 2016 for Playstation 4 and Xbox One, and on March 1st, 2016, for PC. The game is up for preorder at $59.99 on . Check out the PC specs and get your rig ready for the upcoming Ubisoft's prehistoric action-adventure game.
Maybe most impressive among all the traits of new GM Sam Hinkie is their unwillingness to be merely content. The Sixers have been at the maximum of 20 players for a few weeks, but that hasn't stopped them from making changes if there's a better option available. It happened with Gani Lawal and now -- Daniel Orton.
Orton was on that stud Kentucky team, looking good enough backing up DeMarcus Cousins to go pro after a first-year student year where they only played 13 minutes per game. Orlando took them at the back end of the first round, then they found their way to Oklahoma City last year, where they played even less than their rookie year, spending most of their time in the D-League.
There's some definite projection left, but I wouldn't say I'm their biggest fan. It's another typical Hinkie move -- underperforming guy with upside that's been cast off prematurely. Another lottery tickets.
Leaving will be German Tim Ohlbrecht, they of the tattoo sleeve. Timmy O, we hardly knew ye.
Woman killed by their own car near high school
San Antonio EMS paramedics and firefighters stand by at a fatal accident that took place early Thursday morning May 30, 2013 in front of Churchill High School on the 12,000 blocks of Blanco Road. Police are still investigating the circumstances of the accident that appeared to take place before 6:00 a.m. . less San Antonio EMS paramedics and firefighters stand by at a fatal accident that took place early Thursday morning May 30, 2013 in front of Churchill High School on the 12,000 blocks of Blanco Road. Police are ... more Photo: JOHN DAVENPORT, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Photo: JOHN DAVENPORT, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Woman killed by their own car near high school 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A 67-year-old woman was killed Thursday morning when they were run over by their own car, police said.
Isabel Huerta was driving north between Blanco Road and Sir Winston across from Churchill High School around 6 a.m. when they pulled to the right shoulder of the road, stopped the 2006 beige Chrysler PT Cruiser and stepped out of the vehicle while it still was in gear.
The PT Cruiser began to travel backward, Huerta fell to the street and the car ran over her, police said.
A passer-by waved down Fran McLaughlin, who's a nurse at Methodist Hospital and was on their way to work.
McLaughlin called 911 and said the Fire Department arrived and firefighters used a jack to lift the PT Cruiser. They performed CPR in an attempt to save Huerta.
They died at the scene.
“I feel for the family,” McLaughlin said.
“There are various theories circulating as to why they got out of the car,” said Sgt. Javier Salazar, one of the officers at the scene.
The case still is under investigation, they said.
jluna@express-news.net
Share. What do you think of the "next-gen first" character models? What do you think of the "next-gen first" character models?
Exit Theatre Mode
During its Game Developers Conference 2014 panel, Quest for Quality: Maximizing the Relationship Between Creative and Production, Sledgehammer Games revealed an image showing in-game character models for the next Call of Duty.
Sledgehammer's Call of Duty, which will release this fall, has been in development for nearly three years as part of the new development cycle for the series.
The unannounced title will be "next-gen first," according to publisher Activision.
For more on Call of Duty, stay tuned to IGN.
Exit Theatre Mode
Mitch Dyer is an associate editor at IGN. He's trying to read 50 books in 2014. These are the 50. Talk to Mitch about books and other stuff on Twitter at @MitchyD and subscribe to MitchyD on Twitch.
Wayne LaPierre, executive vice president and CEO of the NRA, speaks at the NRA-ILA Leadership Forum at the George R. Brown Convention Center, the site of the NRA's annual meeting in Houston, May 3, 2013. (REUTERS/Adrees Latif)
We can work backward to assess the extent of the influence of the National Rifle Association on blocking gun legislation.
In 2013, President Barack Obama's push to introduce modest changes to the nation's gun laws collapsed in the Senate, done in by a filibuster that had the support of four Democrats and 41 Republicans. The Republicans were voting with the rest of their party: Only four Republicans in the Democratic-controlled body voted to end the filibuster. Three were from states that were then blue. The other was Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.).
That the legislation would not have gone far in the House is beside the point for our purposes here. Senators don't enjoy the same level of anonymity that members of the House do, and it was those senators who upheld the filibuster who got the credit (or blame) for killing a compromise that would have expanded background checks in the wake of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School the previous December.
One thing more than any other powers the decision-making process for senators on controversial issues like this: Will it hurt my chances for reelection? That's why those four Democrats decided to uphold the filibuster on the legislation. They represented red states and clearly saw the vote as helping to preserve their future electoral chances. (Two were up in 2014; both lost anyway.)
The Republicans were doing the same thing. Views of gun laws are deeply polarized and growing more polarized each year, as our Chris Ingraham noted on Monday. Republican legislators are often making the safer bet that opposing new laws regulating guns won't hurt them politically.
If they start to think about wandering, though, there's that bogeyman lurking in the Capitol's corridors. That's the NRA, with an outsize reputation in American politics as a political juggernaut that's got Congress tight in its grip.
Republicans are always concerned about upcoming primaries, during which the electorate tends to be more conservative — and therefore less likely to respond well to a Republican who goes against the party line on guns. But that heresy is especially worrisome, since it could get the NRA to weigh in on behalf of a primary challenger.
Consider what happened to Richard Lugar, senator for Indiana until they lost their primary in 2012. Lugar went into that cycle as an incumbent who seemed likely to beat their challengers, including tea-party-aligned Richard Mourdock.
Lugar had an F grade from the NRA; Mourdock had an A. The NRA endorsed Mourdock in early March.
Early in April, Lugar led Mourdock by seven points, with many voters undecided. A month later, Mourdock led by 10, a function, the National Journal wrote, of outside groups “spending big bucks on TV ad buys and mail drops” for both candidates. Outside groups like the NRA. Mourdock won that primary. It was the incumbent's nightmare come true.
A review of Senate primaries from 2010 on, though, indicates that the Lugar-Mourdock race is the only one in which the NRA weighed in on behalf of a Republican Senate challenger to oust an incumbent. There are enough qualifiers in that sentence to suggest that the pool of contests at issue is small — we reviewed 19 GOP senate primary contests, focused on hard-fought races — but it's still worth noting.
In most cases, the NRA didn't even grade the candidates for the primary, according to archives at the NRA Political Victory Fund website. In a number of other races, it didn't endorse.
The exceptions:
2012, Arizona. The NRA backed Jeff Flake (A grade) over Wil Cardon (A grade based on a questionnaire). Winner: Flake. They never led by fewer than 20 points in polling.
They never led by fewer than 20 points in polling. 2012, Indiana. As above.
2014, Kentucky. The NRA backed incumbent Sen. Mitch McConnell (A+) over challenger Matt Bevin (A, questionnaire). Winner: McConnell. McConnell also consistently led by double-digits in polling.
McConnell also consistently led by double-digits in polling. 2014, Mississippi. The NRA backed incumbent Sen. Thad Cochran (A+) over challenger Chris McDaniel (A). Winner: Cochran.
Notice that, save Mourdock, the NRA's endorsements were for two incumbents and two clear favorites (with McConnell falling into both categories). This is common for endorsements: Endorse the guy who's probably going to win and you can try to take some credit for that victory after the fact.
Cochran's an interesting case, though. They actually came in second in the first round of voting that year; had there been no runoff, they would actually have lost. In the runoff, thanks in part to Democrats in the state preferring them to McDaniel, Cochran emerged victorious by a narrow margin. But consider what happened: the NRA backed an establishment candidate who got over the finish line only thanks to primary rules that demanded the winner earn a majority of support. (McDaniel came about 1,700 votes shy of winning outright in the first round.)
What's articulated above is not a track record of the NRA picking and choosing who will be the Republican candidates for the Senate. Especially when you consider what happened to Mourdock after the primary. Lugar's race was complicated by being a moderate in a partisan election year and having spent a lot of time out of state. While Mourdock benefited from their opponent's flaws in the primary, they were undone by their own in the general after they said that a pregnancy that results from a rape was “something that God intended to happen.”
If the NRA gets credit for Mourdock winning by 20 points in the primary, it gets the blame for theirs losing by six points in the general.
The NRA's leverage is much more extensive than its endorsement, of course. Of the races we looked at, no candidate had an NRA grade lower than A-, save Lugar. The NRA's position is now Republican orthodoxy, as mentioned above, and Republicans are tacitly expected to adhere to it. The threat of the NRA weighing in on a House race or a mayor's race — a smaller race where its influence and money can play a bigger role — can be enough to influence the outcome.
For Republican senators, though, any fear of bucking the NRA is not borne out by the organization's track record. It did take out one incumbent it disliked, an incumbent who was running against a tea party conservative in the same year that tea party conservative Todd Akin won the party's primary in Missouri without the NRA weighing in. (He, too, lost after making poorly received comments about rape. It was a weird year.)
Put another way: The NRA hasn't proven that a relatively popular Republican who votes for moderate gun control measures will actually face ouster from the Senate. We'll note, too, that the Republican orthodoxy on the issue isn't uniform. As we noted on Monday, even a quarter of Trump supporters back some new gun restrictions; more than three-quarters back new background checks.
The NRA's greatest weapon is the perception that it's a great weapon in electoral politics. As far as the Senate is concerned, that's unproven.
Apple seeded the fourth beta of iOS 8.4 to developers yesterday with a fix for a messaging bug that causes an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch to crash after receiving a specific string of Unicode characters via iMessage or SMS (via HDBlog.it ). The bug also affects the Mac and Apple Watch and extends to third-party messaging apps such as Snapchat, Twitter and WhatsApp, as the issue is tied to the way banner notifications process Unicode.Sending the string of characters to an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch results in an immediate respring, causing the device to crash and quickly reboot. From there, if the Messages app was opened at a list view, the Messages app crashes automatically when you try to open it. If it was opened to the conversation where you received the message, the app will open, but attempting to go to another conversation causes Messages to crash.Apple recently published a support document on its website with a temporary workaround for the problem, and ensured that a permanent fix would be issued in a future software update. That fix has arrived in the form of iOS 8.4, which will be released ahead of Apple Music's launch on June 30. In the meantime, affected users can ask Siri to "read unread messages" and use Siri to reply to the malicious message in order to regain access to the Messages app and delete the message.
Col. Michael Bumgarner, the former commander of the guard force at the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, stated in an interview on Sunday that they are “disgusted” by President Obama's continued effort to empty out Gitmo.
Bumgarner charged Obama with attempting to use Gitmo to ensure their legacy at the expense of national security. They served from April 2005 – June 2006 as commander of the Joint Detention Group, the guard force component of the Joint Task Force at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo.
The Pentagon announced last Thursday that four detainees had been released to Saudi Arabia, where they will purportedly participate in a rehabilitation program. From the 535 detainees in Gitmo during Bumgarner's work there, the population is now down to 55, and 19 of those have reportedly been cleared for release. There is speculation Obama may release more detainees in their final days in office.
“It has nothing to do with national security reasons,” stated Bumgarner. They were speaking on this reporter's Sunday night talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York's AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia's NewsTalk 990 AM.
Listen to the interview here:
Continued Bumgarner:
Their whole motivation has nothing to do with national security. In my mind, it is clearly a legacy issue for Obama who signed on, you know, day one of their presidency, ‘I am going to close Guantanamo.' I knew then … that would never happen. It is just impossible. They had no clue what they had just signed. And they have found out how hard that is. So, the argument always is that they (the terrorists) make this a propaganda matter to recruit more people. You and I both follow this pretty closely. I don't ever see it out there that Guantanamo is your call to battle, you know. I never see that. You and I both know what drives this fight. It has nothing to do with national security. Again, it's a legacy issue for Obama. And I'm ashamed that it is occurring. Embarrassed. Disgusted. I don't know how it to make it stronger.
Asked whether they had any advice regarding Gitmo for President-elect Donald Trump, Bumgarner replied:
One, it certainly should not be closed. And two, increase its population. And by that it's just not that we want to stack up Guantanamo Bay. But the whole purpose is – this may strike people as funny – but rather than kill the terrorists on the battlefield when we engage with the ISIS fighters, bring them in for the intelligence value that they can provide. … Use the intelligence value. The great capacity and capability of Guantanamo. Let's fill it up with people and let the intelligence world go to work and develop the human intelligence that we so badly need.
Fox News last week cited statistics from U.S. officials saying 30 percent of previously released Gitmo detainees are suspected of returning to terrorist activity.
Bumgarner commented, “And you know Aaron when we talk about these numbers … let's just think about that. … Think about the destruction that just one man carried out in Berlin. That fellow in France. So, if you can stop one, you saved numerous lives.”
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
r_gg Profile Joined August 2015 141 Posts Last Edited: 2015-10-01 15:07:44 #1 KR Heroes News:
MRR disbands and Oreoman creates another Scandal by r_gg Sad News from Korea
While the Korean Road to Blizzcon Qualifier, Heroes Super League by OGN is wrapping up this weekend, the major Korean games forum,
Team MRR Disbands
The 4th place finisher of Super League, Team MRR, has unfortunately announced that they will be disbanding. Only a day after their final match against Team DK, MRR's EverGreen announced in their forum post on
Hi, this MRR's most clueless member, EverGreen.
I couldn't make this post yesterday because it was too hectic, so here I am here today. First, sorry for disappointing some of our fans in Inven with our poor performance in the match. We were certainly not at our best condition that day, and we made couple critical mistakes that we normally don't make.
Why am I writing this? Well, it's because I'm here to relay some information to some of our possible fans that might exist in the community.
Team MRR (ex-아옳옳옳) is disbanding. Due to some members leaving for personal reasons, we have decided to split our ways to different teams.
Our times together have only been a few months, but thank you all for the support you gave us till now. Each of our players will try to come back as brand-new teams as better players in better environments. Thank you for the support.
Buck is rumored to be going to military service, while the rest of the members are said to be joining different teams. (one of which will be discussed in more details later in the article)
Despite its young history, MRR quickly rose to become one of the top teams in Korea, with its highly aggressive play style and mastery of 3-warrior compositions. They showed splendid performance fighting against MVP Black, both in HCOT tournament and Super League, where they came very close to beating the No.1 hottest team in the world at the moment.
Team MRR were the only team in Super League that didn't have a sponsor, yet they were without doubt a strong contender for winning the tournament. Known for the high mechanical skills of its individual members, every member of the team, , EverGreen, Jeongha, Dami, and Buck all showed spectacular plays that mesmerized the audience.
The team have expressed in the past that they were hoping for a major organization offer them a sponsorship during their performance in Super League, but it looks they have been uneventful. It is unfortunate that such a talented team with immense potential is disbanding, and they will be greatly missed by the community.
Another Oreoman Scandal hits Korea
Ever since the early alpha days, the star player of Team Snake, Oreoman, was a player that was notorious for their "toxic" behavior in the past. Their bad behavior has even caused their team to be disqualified for the first big professional Heroes tournament in Korea, HTL, specifically for abusing the Hero League disconnect bug. But with several official apologies from their teammates and tight guidance of team captain kinnu, it seemed like the Oreoman has changed, even saying they now play with their Enter key removed when they SoloQs.
Unfortunately, another Oreoman scandal has angered the community, and this time, it might be enough to end their eSports career. A few days before the Snake vs MVP Black match was about to take place, the Korean community discovered that Oreoman is an active member of a highly controversial "free speech" board,
While there is still controversy as to whether Oreoman stopped participating in Ilbe site since their "reformation", the Korean community has been quite unforgiving. Combined with Oreoman's already bad reputation, the community has practically branded Oreoman, and by extension Team Snake, as the "symbol of evil". Team Snake already had trouble appealing to the Korean fanbase, and with the latest incident it seems like the only ones that still support Snake are members of the Ilbe community.
(kinnu leads the members of MVP Black into the bush where Oreoman was retreating in)
There is a high chance that the scandal and community backlash from the incident had great effects in the team's performance in the matches against MVP Black and later Team DK. Some even say kinnu's blunder in the last match against MVP Black, where kinnu's Rehgar led the players of MVP Black to the retreating Oreoman, was done on purpose as a revenge for betraying their trust. When Team DK came out victorious against Team Snake last week, the community responded with: "Justice has Prevailed".
(Audience of DK vs Snake match holding up "Justice has Prevailed" sign after DK's victory)
Rumors of MRR's Jeongha joining Snake
With the team's reputation at rock bottom, many wondered whether Team Snake would expel Oreoman from the team. Shortly after Snake's defeat, rumors that MRR's Jeongha has accepted an offer from Team Snake to join the team spread. The rumor spanned from the
Mere two days later, Kirashin announced:
Hi, this is Kirashin.
I deeply apologize for the sudden news that I would be giving to those who had expressed support for our team.
Our team's 양학좀합니다(Jeongha) has received an offer from Snake, and joined the team. Due to that, it seems unlikely that our current team, team eM, will be able to compete in the upcoming HCOT tournament. We really wanted to do well this time around, so we are extremely sad about our current situation.
I am very sorry that we have to bring such news only days after we made the initial announcement, and our players are very frustrated too.
Because it is so difficult to receive an offer to be a pro in the Heroes scene, and considering the caliber of the team that made the offer, we decided it didn't make sense for them to reject it, nor for our team to hold them back. Therefore, Jeongha will be moving to a different team.
As someone who needs to scout a team member within the two days left for HCOT registration, I am in a very tough spot.
Thank you everyone for the continued support.
With Oreoman and MRR's Jeongha fulfilling the same role, the Korean community speculates that Oreoman is most likely getting kicked from the team and Jeongha coming in as a replacement, unless Jeongha is brought in simply as a substitute member. Regardless, we will probably soon find out when the Snake's roster for the
Uncertain Future of the Korean Scene
With the disbanding of its No.4 team, it seems like Korean scene will go into another state of turmoil that it faced during the beginning of Kael'thas patch, when its then two top teams, TNL (Team DK) and AsD (Team Snake) moved out to China. While It's next big tournament,
MVP is still the only big professional eSports organization in Korea that has decided to invest in Heroes, while other big name sponsors such as SKT, KT, etc are yet to show any interest in Heroes. Those who wanted to find better sponsors to continue on their career had to resort to finding success in China, like DK and Snake. We were fortunate enough to have MRR emerge from obscurity to go toe-to-toe against the current top teams, but it's unclear whether we will get to see such a dark horse appear again. Maybe OGN will continue to support Heroes tournaments and generate greater interest among the big-name sponsors.
Update: Official Statement from Snake KR (source)
It is official. Oreoman is leaving the team, and both duckdeok and Jeongha of MRR are going to be joining the team. Looks like both of them will be retaining their position, and Snake will now have a 6th member in their roster.
SANTA CLARA – Here's what stood to me during the 49ers' second open practice of OTAs.
THE GOOD
1. CB Jimmie Ward. Started at right cornerback and stayed there all practice. Did not cover the slot. Covered Quinton Patton most practice and shut them down. Patton caught zero passes during team drills. The only receiver who beat Ward was Eric Rogers, who shook Ward with a hard cut to the outside. Ward seems to struggle covering the deep curl to the outside and the deep out route.
2. WR Eric Rogers. Completely outshined the starting split end, Quinton Patton, for the second-straight practice. Rogers made a team-high six catches, including two first-down catches during a one-minute drill. They ran crossers, slants, curls, outs, ins and go routes and excelled running each of them. I predict they will beat out Patton and start at split end Week 1.
3. WR DeAndrew White. Also caught six passes during team drills, including a left-handed one-hand grab over the middle, which was the catch of the day. White seems almost as effective as Bruce Ellington, and much more dynamic than Patton. I predict White will become the starting slot receiver next season after Bruce Ellington inevitably tweaks a muscle.
4. WR Torrey Smith. Beat Tramaine Brock with a deep curl route on third-and-two during a one-minute drill, then beat Brock again with a deep in route on third-and-19 a few plays later. Both grabs netted first downs. Smith seems to be assuming Anquan Boldin's old role as the go-to receiver on third down.
5. OLB Eli Harold. Recorded one sack and one pass break up as the starting weakside outside linebacker. Harold clearly is the 49ers' most athletic linebacker, and I predict they will start and drop into coverage often.
THE NOT SO GOOD
1. WR Quinton Patton. Caught zero passes during team drills and created no separation from cornerbacks. Telegraphed one curl route and allowed nickel back Chris Davis to jump the throw and pick it off.
2. WR Aaron Burbridge. Also created no separation from cornerbacks during team drills. Tried to box out Tramaine Brock who easily ran around Burbridge to intercept the pass. Later, Burbridge made a couple of contested catches including one against rookie cornerback Rashard Robinson. But Robinson broke up a pass intended for Burbridge a few plays after.
3. CB Rashard Robinson. Held their own against Burbridge, then gave up a couple catches to Jerome Simpson and tried to fight Simpson at the end of practice.
4. CB Chris Davis. Started at nickel back and got torched by Bruce Ellington, DeAndrew White and Bryce Treggs – pretty much everyone except Quinton Patton. Don't expect Davis to make the final roster.
5. QB Blaine Gabbert. Threw two interceptions during team drills, one of which bounced off of a tall screen attached to the back of a ball boy. The screen was supposed to mimic a tall defensive tackle with their hands up. During 7-on-7s, three ball boys with screens on their backs would rush the quarterback, and Gabbert kept hitting the screen. They must have hit it three times. The other quarterbacks didn't hit it once.
THE USUAL
1. TE Vance McDonald. Pulled a Vance McDonald.
It has been known for sometime that Samsung's sales have been slipping. While they are still on top of the Android market, they still trail Apple. The Galaxy S series has been Samsung's key to success, but also the key to their failure. The Galaxy S3 was one of the first Android phones to compete head to head with the iPhone, but each Galaxy S device after that has been lackluster.
Samsung didn't change their formula very much in the transition to the Galaxy S4 and Galaxy S5. Both phones still featured a ‘cheap' plastic design followed with only slight bumps in the hardware category. Nothing was truly groundbreaking to make the Galaxy S4 and Galaxy S5 must-have devices. While both devices sold well, neither really dominated the market.
The lack of success on the two previous iterations of the Galaxy S line has put a heavy burden on the shoulders of Samsung. The next Galaxy device will be pivotal to Samsung's future success in the smartphone market. This has lead to Samsung starting the Galaxy S6 design from scratch and the codename “Project Zero” was a good start.
Everything surrounding the Galaxy S6, whether they are images, leaks, or rumors, are purely speculation. Based on that speculation, we have compiled a few reasons why the Galaxy S6 or Project Zero, will revive Samsung.
The first key to success of the Samsung Galaxy S6 will be the design. While Samsung has always been up-to-date on the hardware, their design was always criticized. It is very understandable when paying over $700 for a smartphone that the consumer would want a premium design, which would include metal. We have seen this premium design over and over again by Apple with their iPhone series, Samsung's top competitor.
Samsung tested the waters originally with the Galaxy Alpha followed by the Galaxy Note 4. Both were very well received and it has set the tone for the S6. According to a leak obtained by SamMobile, the image above are leaked schematics of what to expect on the S6.
The day before the schematics were leaked, images of what is allegedly the Galaxy S6 unibody appeared, and it looks as if it is just what Samsung needs. A device with a solid, thin, unibody is what sells nowadays, just look at Apple.
Not only will the unibody make the Galaxy S6 one of the sleekest devices on the market, it will also make it one of the thinnest. According to the images above, it will be only 6.91 mm thin, compared to 8.1 mm of the Galaxy S5. It doesn't seem like a lot, but it does a lot for the overall design and will make the Galaxy S6 one of the most attractive devices to come out in 2015.
The first thing a consumer sees is how a device looks. The average consumer is not concerned necessarily by the hardware or specifications, but how the device looks and feels in the hand. Samsung targeted this exploit and it will be the top key factor in reviving Samsung.
For the majority of non-casual users, design is only part of it. What good is a device if it can't perform? One thing that always has held Samsung back was UI or user interface. TouchWiz has a love hate relationship with a lot of people (a lot of people actually hate it) due to the features, but lack of performance.
TouchWiz comes chalk full of features, both wanted and unwanted, but it also comes chalk full of issues. The older TouchWiz has gotten, the more intrusive it has gotten. Features such as Smart Stay, Smart Scroll, Smart Pause, S-Voice all had good intentions, but under-performed to the extent that they were useless and just gimmicks.
Don't get me wrong, TouchWiz has its perks. Samsung had the strongest push of the quick settings initiative, home screen customization, and widgets. Those features are great, but the negative features outweigh the good ones. This led to a UI that lagged, stuttered, and was underwhelming in performance.
TouchWiz compared to stock Android
Samsung has slowly been trying to improve TouchWiz for the past couple of phones. Most notably, the Galaxy Note 4, which was one of the most well-performing TouchWiz phones to-date, but it still wasn't good enough. A SamMobile exclusive gave us new up regarding the UI, mentioning that most of it will be downloadable.
A fluid and quick user interface is a must when it comes to having a successful device. There is nothing worse than a phone lagging when transitioning through screens or opening up applications. Samsung has taken note of this and the Galaxy S6 will allegedly be “Nexus fast”, referring to the speed of a stock Nexus device.
While the design and user interface of a phone are important, what powers the device is just as important. Samsung has never been one to skimp on specs on their flagship devices, always employing the latest Snapdragon chipset in their flagship devices.
Originally it was thought the the Galaxy S6 would feature the ever-popular Snapdragon 810, but it was rumored to have overheating issues once the processor would start hitting certain clock speeds. Samsung was not impressed, so they will employ their own processor on the upcoming S6.
Why is this important you ask? The Exynos 7420, which is made by Samsung, is in its own category as far as performance. The S6 recently appeared on the AnTuTu Benchmark and blew by previous records by capturing a score of 60,978. Almost 10,000 over the previous record.
Not only will the Galaxy S6 feature an all-new slimmed down version of TouchWiz to boost performance, but it will feature one of the, if not fastest, processors on the market. It can't get any better can it? It can. All rumors point towards the Galaxy S6 being the first ‘S' device to sport 3 GB of RAM.
Samsung is looking at the tri-fecta on the upcoming Galaxy S6. Every aspect of the device will be an upgrade and nothing will be the same as far as previous iterations of the device. Most importantly, the three aspects that matter the most, will receive an overhaul.
Project Zero may be Samsung's greatest achievement to date, but we won't know until March 1st when the phone is debuted and later released. Combine the fact that the Galaxy S6 will feature a new design that includes a metal unibody, a new, Samsung made processor, and a new version TouchWiz, we are looking at an all-new side of Samsung.
Samsung is used to sitting atop its perch as King of Android, but its lack of intuition and innovation has hurt it drastically. Everything that the Galaxy S4 and Galaxy S5 featured that was detrimental to the success of Samsung's flagship devices, has been overhauled or removed.
When the Galaxy S6 gets announced at Mobile World Congress on March 1st, look for the tri-fecta to revive the mobile giant. This is a side of Samsung that we haven't seen and aren't used to, and it will take the mobile tech community by storm. Look for the Galaxy S6 to sit atop sales and reclaim what the Galaxy S3 brought to Samsung.
Galaxy S6 render courtesy of Under KG
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 15, 2017, 12:17 PM GMT / Updated June 16, 2017, 8:34 AM GMT By The Associated Press
BEIJING — A 22-year-old man made the deadly bomb that exploded at the front gate of a kindergarten in eastern China, investigators said Friday.
Police said the suspect was identified primarily using security camera footage and DNA collected at the scene of the blast, which struck Thursday as relatives were waiting to pick up students at the end of the school day. Only the suspect's surname, Xu, was released and no motive was provided.
The blast killed 8 people, including Wu, while 65 others were injured.
The aftermath of the explosion near a kindergarten in eastern China on Thursday. CCTV / AFP - Getty Images
Investigators say they found materials for making a homemade bomb at Xu's nearby residence. Emblazoned on its walls were the Chinese characters for death, disaster and other related dark themes.
Xu had left school because of a nervous system disorder, whose symptoms can include depression, anxiety, dizziness, vision problems and problems with basic bodily functions, the police said at a news conference in the city of Xuzhou in Jiangsu province.
The blast at the Chuangxin Kindergarten in Xuzhou's Fengxian county occurred at 4:50 p.m. before school had let out for the day and no students or teachers from the kindergarten were among the injured, according to a statement from local authorities.
However, videos purportedly from the scene showed children — possibly relatives of the kindergartners or passers-by — among the casualties.
Police officers examine the entrance to a kindergarten on Friday. Kyodo via AP
Videos posted by the People's Daily showed a chaotic scene, with children and adults lying on the ground, some of them motionless, their clothes blown off them, and others struggling to get up. Clothing, shoes and other items were strewn across the area beside pools of blood.
Kindergartens and elementary schools in China have been attacked several times before by suspects authorities have said were mentally ill or bore grudges against their neighbors and society.
In 2010, nearly 20 children were killed in attacks on schools, prompting a response from top government officials and leading many schools to beef up security by posting guards and installing gates and other barriers. Last year, a knife-wielding assailant injured seven students outside a primary school in a northern city.
China maintains tight control over firearms and most attacks are carried out using knives, axes or homemade explosives.
UCC president Dr Michael Murphy has said the university would actually encourage some students to drop out if they wanted to start up their own businesses.
Dr Murphy said that if students could create products, services and technologies that would benefit society and create jobs then they would encourage them to drop out. They said they can always return to education whenever they wish.
Famous and noteworthy college dropouts who have shaped the digital age include Apple's co-founder the late Steve Jobs, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
Dr Murphy's opinion is reminiscent of Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel, who made waves when they set up a fellowship to pay promising students US$100,000 to drop out of college and start companies instead.
‘I was always impressed by a line from the movie The Social Network “it is better to create a job than to find one.”'
— DR MICHAEL MURPHY, UCC PRESIDENT
Dr Murphy explained that as part of the university's focus on innovation and entrepreneurship it is focusing more and more on turning research into actual products and services and reaching out to its wider graduate population to help them start up.
The university has also formed an alliance with the prestigious Blackstone Launchpad, an entrepreneurship programme that is kicking off on campus.
“It is designed to provide walk-in support to any student or graduate who has an idea and to mentor them and encourage some of them to drop out.”
“Wait,” I almost splutter. “What did you say?”
“I thought you would pick up on that,” Murphy says. “It is the case in my view that young people with very good ideas that have clearly met a need in society should be encouraged to do that at an early stage – because they can always return to education.”
College just isn't for everybody, says UCC president
I ask them what they think their peers in other Irish universities would make of a fellow academic encouraging students to drop out.
“I'm sure some of them would prefer to have said it first,” they said with feeling.
“I take the view that college isn't for everybody. People differ in their talents and some will exploit them much more successfully uncontaminated by university.”
Dr Murphy recalled an honorary conferring ceremony two years ago with broadcaster Graham Norton and Cork-born BBC foreign correspondent Fergal Keane, US judge Donald Molloy and Cork business person and UCC governing body member Dermot O'Mahoney.
“Graham Norton brought it to our attention that, among the four people being conferred, one had been a drop-out, one hadn't had enough points to matriculate and one had failed their exams and yet there we were honouring all three for major achievements and services to society. So I have no difficulty in making that point. You can always come back to higher education.”
Murphy's comments come as UCC prepares to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the birth of George Boole on 2 November.
Boole was the first professor of mathematics at UCC, but they themselves never had a formal education.
Boole's influence on mathematics, logic and probability is such that they have been called the father of the digital age.
Murphy said that UCC has a tradition of independent thinking and it's no accident that Boole's famous work is called the Laws of Thought.
“There is a rebellious streak in people from this part of the country and we encourage young people to view things from unusual angles.
“I was always impressed by a line from the movie The Social Network ‘it is better to create a job than to find one'.
“We have tried to shape the most recent generation to create their own jobs and not just look for a job at the end of their time in university.
“That's another manifestation of us trying to do things differently from the average student,” Dr Murphy said.
Returning to Boole, Dr Murphy concluded: “Boole never had a formal education. They made an observation in later years that perhaps that was a good thing; that if they had gone to Cambridge as some had suggested, they might not have retained the independence of thought that led to their success.”
Reading time: 5 minutes
WHY WRITE ABOUT LETTING GO?
It's important to know different ways of dealing with your weed addiction because you'll have more options to adjust to different challenges. There are different ways to skin a cat and it's important to be versatile in your approach and find what works for you.
When I was learning to quit smoking weed, I was desperate to try anything and this definitely helped and above all, it helped me enjoy life in general. Specially for those who struggle enjoying the sober lifestyle.
WHAT IS LETTING GO?
Letting go of resistance is accepting wherever you are, however you feel and whomever you are with without needing or wanting to change anything. It's going with the flow and living in the moment, regardless if you feel uncomfortable as a result of a craving. If you begin to feel a craving, don't label it as good or bad, just accept it for what it is, a feeling.
LETTING GO OF WEED
It's human nature to move towards pleasure and avoid pain. This is the basis to addiction and suffering. We are naturally attached to what makes us feel good and this attachment to pleasure causes smokers to feel a sense of loss if they or they don't get its fix.
When you are addicted to smoking weed and you feel the craving to smoke, that's your way of resisting what is. Whenever you want the present moment to be “better”, you create resistance.
For example, lets say you're in traffic and late to work. You can either get mad and throw fits about the situation or just accept it and know that you can't control it. Which one is better?
It's not like getting angry will change traffic, right? But it gives you a sense of control.
Resistance can be felt inside of ourselves either as an emotional knot, or some form of physical tension.
Having an addiction to weed causes an individual's mind to think of the past and the future for happiness and salvation, neglecting the present moment. The smoker rehearses in their mind the last time they got high, and how good it felt.
They'll think of how it'll feel in the future if they take just one more hit. Addiction's power lies in time (past and future) and its powerless in the now.
Do you ever notice whenever you are intensely focused on an activity such as sports, dancing or sex, somehow the desire to smoke doesn't come to mind? It's only when you are done that your mind starts wondering aimlessly and eventually ends up reminding you of smoking.
This future and past projection is what causes the cravings and thus, you begin resisting what already is because you want to escape what's going on now because it doesn't feel good. It's not supposed to be happening.
Labeling emotions and circumstances gives it the life and strength it needs to make you suffer, rather you should just accept it without labeling it so that it doesn't become something meaningful in your life.
Can you refrain from labeling and interpreting the cravings as a bad thing?
Let's say you start to feel cravings, and prior to the cravings you were enjoying the moment but, when the cravings start, you say to yourself “damn not this again”. You just lost that presence and have given life to the craving by labeling it a “bad experience”.
You begin to give it your attention and it grows in strength.
Try this instead; rather than interpreting it as something bad, just be the observer and accept it.
Don't react to it. When you label it as a “bad” thing, it gains control over your mind and you won't stop thinking about it. Do you ever notice the human tendency to notice the bad things above all else?
Well if you want to stop thinking about weed, then stop getting antsy when the cravings come. Just observe it as though you're watching the clouds in the sky passing by.
Have you ever taken a test, and left knowing that you failed and as a result you sort of say, “f*ck it, i tried my best, there's nothing I can do now” and somehow that liberated you from the worry of thinking if you failed or not?
Most of the time you won't be going home stressed, instead you‘ll be going home knowing that what happened has already happened. There‘s nothing you can do about it, this is what letting go means. It's taking the right action and letting the chips fall where they belong.
Alternatively, you can Click Here to freely download my four-step method that I used to quit smoking weed in under an hour. It's free
If we accept our cravings through observin g it, wouldn't it make it stronger and cause me to give in?
Logic says yes, but the truth is that when you become one with your craving, “giving in” is essentially accepting it. When you give in to “your craving”, you are resisting because you're trying to change it, not through dealing with it, but through suppressing it. This suppression is achieved by using whatever substance you use to “feel better”.
Don't try to get away from the craving because it's painful, rather accept it as a part of who you are because suppressing it causes stress, and stress was what triggered the cravings initially due to our association of addictive behavior as a solution to stress.
When we suppress our cravings, we lose the opportunity to develop our mental capacity to handle stress in other areas of life.
Practicing mindfulness will help to dissolve the habit of naming and labeling. We can start small by not labeling little things such as waiting for a friend who is running late or frustration we experience as “frustration” because this trigger stress and makes us start thinking of a better future.
HOW TO LET GO OF SMOKING CIGARETTES THROUGH MINDFULNESS
The way you can address your habit to smoking weed is through becoming aware when there's resistance to the present moment.
Whenever you ask yourself “I wish this moment was better” is resistance. The problem is that we are so distracted by our life circumstances, and entertainment (TV, Facebook, the internet and etc.) that we shift our focus from the present moment, to the past and the future.
We don't take time to zero in on our emotions because they cause us more suffering. Like previously mentioned, we move towards pleasure, and run away from pain.
But I would like to present to you a few tool-kits that will enable you to release this resistance and liberate your mind from addiction to weed.
How to stop smoking weed with mindfulness
Learn to meditate.
When the cravings hit, simply sit down and observe the emotion. Do this for about 10-15 minutes.
Observe it as though you are watching a child misbehave.
Smile at it, notice that it isn't you.
Notice where the feeling is in your body, notice the amount of space the feeling takes up in your body. Notice the color, if any. Notice its shape, and any other traits of the craving.
Don't focus on “thought”, focus more on emotion.
If thoughts arise, use what I like to call “listening to the radio” technique. Listen to your thoughts as though you are listening to the radio. Just listen. Feel as though there's a radio inside your head that's producing the mental dialogue and you're just there to listen. It's as simple as that.
CONCLUSION
Now that you know the different ways of letting go, now what? Are you just going to say “oh nice article, I'll have to apply this” then you bookmark it or make a mental note and completely forget about it. Don't be an information junkie! Read to act!
I want you to use one of these methods for at least a whole day. Commit yourself to putting into action one of any of the methods I showed you within the next day. If you just read to read then I can assure you that's the path to “failure”.
Do you know of other ways of letting go? If so, comment below! Was this blog post useful? If so.. Well you know what to do ?
CLOSE Donald Trump stands to profit handsomely from the presidency says Mike Thompson in their latest animation. Mike Thompson/Detroit Free Press
In this Feb. 17, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks while visiting the Boeing South Carolina facility in North Charleston, S.C. As President Trump begins their second month in office, their team is trying to move past the crush of controversies that overtook their first month and make progress on health care and tax overhauls long sought by Republicans. (Photo: Susan Walsh/AP Photo)
There's a name for a government that bars media outlets it views as unsympathetic from access to its workings.
It's not "democracy."
Just ask White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, as someone did in December, shortly before Spicer accepted their current post as President Donald Trump's proselytizer-in-chief.
During the campaign, Trump had revoked the credentials of reputable outlets media outlets at will, sometimes for weeks on end. Asked whether the White House would continue that practice, Spicer scoffed at the notion:
"Look, there's a big difference between a campaign where it is a private venue using private funds and a government entity," they said. "I think we have a respect for the press when it comes to the government. That is something you can't ban an entity from. Conservative, liberal or otherwise, that's what make a democracy versus a dictatorship."
But that was December.
On Friday, hours after their boss had resumed their slashing attack on the press in a speech before the Conservative Political Action Conference, Spicer barred the New York Times, the L.A. Times, BuzzFeed, Politico and CNN -- established mainstream news agencies with longstanding White House credentials -- from a scheduled media briefing. The right-leaning Breitbart, Washington Times and One America News were admitted, as were representatives of several other mainstream media outlets approved by the White House.
Read more:
It's true that press conferences rarely offer profound insight; journalists' most valuable reporting is most often done elsewhere. But such briefings provide insight into the administration's decision-making and agenda, and offer journalists an opportunity to obtain statements on the record. And there's a greater principle at stake.
It's easy to dismiss Spicer's move as another puerile provocation in the new administration's campaign to cast itself as the people's champion in a war with the establishment press. But as Spicer themselves observed, this is not how elected leaders do business in democracy whose constitution explicitly protects the press from government retaliation.
“Nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties,” Dean Baquet, executive editor of The Times, noted in a statement. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, condemned the administration for its action, and reporters for the Associated Press and Time magazine, who were invited to participate in the briefing, boycotted it in protest of their colleagues' exclusion.
At best, the unprecedented exclusion of reputable news organizations for the presumed crime of reporting aggressively and skeptically on the administration's activities was an impulsive (and ill-considered) ploy to curry favor with CPAC, with whose membership the new president is anxious to establish their anti-establishment bona fides.
At worst, it's an premeditated attack on an institution this nation's founders recognized as integral to the democratic process -- a first strike by a would-be authoritarian uncomfortable with the checks and balances established by the Constitution and reinforced by more than two centuries of American jurisprudence.
That's the same Constitution President Trump took a solemn oath to uphold last month. They can begin to honor that commitment by reminding themselves that the White House they seek to run like a private country club is not their house, but the American people's. It is the people's interest the White House press corps exists to protect, and the press corps' continued access to the operations of the executive branch that the new president is obliged to protect if they take their oath seriously.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2mgs7yK
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Junk email or spam has declined to levels not seen since 2003, says Symantec
People are being sent fewer spam emails than at any time in the past 12 years, according to security firm Symantec.
It said that fewer than 50% of emails which it scanned during June were junk - the lowest percentage it had seen in over a decade.
The fall suggests that cyber-thieves are looking to other ways to make money from people going online.
The security firm said legal action against the criminal networks that pipe spam to people had helped to cut junk.
However, it said the fall in spam had been offset by a rise in the amount of malware being made.
Malware move
In June only 49.7% of the billions of messages monitored by Symantec were spam, it said in its latest monthly threat report. While the amount of spam being sent had been declining for some time, this was the first time since 2003 that it had dipped below 50%, said Ben Nahorney in the report.
Since the report was issued, spam levels have continued to decline further. On 14 July, of the 25 billion messages monitored by Symantec only 46.4% were junk.
It said the decline was caused by action against botnets, networks of hijacked computers that have historically been the route through which spam has been sent.
In the last 10 months, UK police forces have been involved in takedowns of seven separate botnets - many of which funnelled spam to victims. In addition, many European internet providers have joined together to share information about botnet activity to limit their effectiveness.
Symantec said other formerly popular scams, such as phishing for passwords and email with malware attached, also saw a decline in June.
However, Symantec said it had seen a significant rise in the amount of malware variants being produced. In June it caught about 57.6 million individual pieces of malware - almost double what it saw in April.
Ransomware also proved more popular: Symantec's monitoring systems caught almost 500,000 attacks based around this type of malware in June.
"This increase in activity lends more evidence to the idea that, with the continued drops in email-based malicious activity, attackers are simply moving to other areas of the threat landscape," wrote Mr Nahorney.
Andrew Conway, a research analyst at security company Cloudmark, said it was "challenging" to accurately measure global spam levels because many companies did not sample nations where junk mail levels were still very high.
Despite this, they said, successful law enforcement operations had led to steep drops in some types of spam. For instance, they said, action by the US Federal Trade Commission against one spammer resulted in an 80% drop in junk mail peddling diet pills.
Mr Conway added that spammers in China and Eastern Europe still relied on email to tempt people to buy counterfeit goods and bootleg pharmaceuticals.
"We are in a constant arms race," they said. "with spammers continually coming up with new techniques that we have to deal with, and it would be hubris to declare victory."
VICTORY!
The Hizb-ut-Tahrir-supporting, Sharia-law-advocating, anti-military-operations-against-the-Islamic-State-campaigning and no-law-prohibiting-advocation-of-terrorist-attacks-lobbying Defence Force imam has resigned.
It is good news and marks the successful end of a two year battle fought by this website to have this scandal rectified.
I have just published this video with all the details:
There are a number of people who deserve all the credit for this victory.
I must thank Senator Cory Bernardi for piling on the parliamentary pressure.
Mark Latham and 2GB's Ben Fordham deserve praise for bringing this scandal to public attention after the mainstream media sat on it for over two years.
Most importantly, I must thank you. Over 13,000 Australians signed the petition to sack the Defence Force imam. As a result of this pressure, they are no longer advising the Defence leaders.
However, there is much more work to be done. For instance, the Royal Australian Navy has just begun advertising for ‘devout Muslims'. So, with your ongoing support, I will keep the fight up. When we stand tall and fight hard, we win.
But today is a day to celebrate and I am about to head home and do just that!
Updated on 12/27/2017 with the latest access instructions.
Today, the University of California at Berkeley has deleted 20,000 college lectures from its YouTube channel. Berkeley removed the videos because of a lawsuit brought by two students from another university under the Americans with Disabilities Act.
We copied all 20,000 and are making them permanently available for free via LBRY.
This makes the videos freely available and discoverable by all, without reliance on any one entity to provide them (even us!).
The full catalog is over 4 TB and will be synced over the next several days.
How to Access
Download and install the LBRY app from here. Start the LBRY app and wait for the app to finish loading. Click lbry://@UCBerkeley to access the UCBerkeley channel, or simply type @UCBerkeley into the search bar on top and hit enter.
Each entry on @UCBerkeley channel is the course video/audio claim page where the content can be streamed (and downloaded locally).
Feel free to keep exploring the LBRY application and be sure to check out our FAQ. Want to learn more or contribute to LBRY? Join us on our Discord chat to follow along with our journey in revolutionizing digital content sharing and monetization.
Is This Legal?
Almost certainly.
The vast majority of the lectures are licensed under a Creative Commons license that allows attributed, non-commercial redistribution. The price for this content has been set to free, and all LBRY metadata attributes it to UC Berkeley.
Additionally, we believe that this content is legal under the First Amendment.
The Perfect Content for LBRY
While other archive teams have also backed up these lectures using traditional methods, publishing them to LBRY offers greater openness, usability, and robustness.
LBRY is the first truly free and censorship-resistant way to exchange content. The LBRY protocol provides a completely decentralized network for discovering, distributing, and publishing all types of content and information, from books to movies.
When publishing the lectures to LBRY, the content metadata is written to a public blockchain, making it permanently public and robust to interference. Then, the content data itself is hosted via a peer-to-peer data network that offers economic incentives to ensure the data remains viable. This is superior to centralized or manual hosting, which is vulnerable to technical failure or other forms of attrition.
i still dont feel its quite complete.my blog. [link] Facebook page [link] Main inspirations include Chrono cross, Hayao Miyazaki, FF12.This took a long time because there was a lot of exploration on my behalf. I had a color pallet in mind but was not successful till after much trial and error. I wanted a hint of a watercolor feel mixed with some style. I scrapped it twice during the process and restarted. As with the rendering I needed something I could later adapt a variety of character styles to, that I haven't solved yet.A concept illustration of a main location. A market in the heart of a major city area. This is an area open to the rest of the city. Most of it goes for a mile or two completely underground. Many different races and species gather here so there are many architectural styles built upon one another. The bottom is actually a flooded subway turned floating market. Above are the lower class areas stacked right on the city foundations. There is not anything you cant find here, illegal or legal..
× Emanuel calls on Chicagoans to show immigrants they are welcome
CHICAGO — Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is calling on city residents to show immigrants that they are welcome through actions such as hosting a meal or offering kind words.
Emanuel says in a statement Sunday that their family plans to host young immigrants attending Chicago Public Schools and City Colleges of Chicago for “a meal, a conversation and a recognition and celebration of all that unites us, rather than what divides us.”
He's urging others in the city to host a similar meal at their homes and at neighborhood restaurants or share “welcoming words” through a phone call or email.
On Saturday and Sunday, demonstrators rallied at O'Hare International Airport in the wake of President Donald Trump's orders banning travel to the U.S. by citizens from seven Muslim majority nations.
Below is Emanuel's full statement:
Click here to see previous part of the series
Click here to see all chapters of the series so far
“The year is 2017 AD. Mazowsze is entirely occupied by Warszawa. Well, not entirely. One small village of indomitable PO voters still holds out against the invaders. And life is not easy for the PiS voters who inhabite nearby parishes of Pruszków, Konstancin-Jeziorna and Piaseczno…”
This has been one of the most popular jokes in Poland last week. But what Asterix the Gaul has to do with Warsaw? Well, PiS has noticed already that even many of those Poles who voted for them no longer consider their government as a overwhelming success. And the local elections are coming, therefore it's time to do some gerrymandering. There are some talks about creating 17th department around Częstochowa, which according to Szymon Giżyński, PiS MP, “is necessary because it's a mater of national importance. Częstochowa is a spiritual capital of Poland of the great importance for our national identity”. But spiritual importance of Częstochowa is nothing when compared to importance of “reconquering Warsaw”. For PiS it is a matter of honour, as apart from Lech Kaczyński's victory and PiS appointees who were given a job to avoid the need of election after Kaczyński dumped being a president of Warsaw to run for president of Poland, Warsaw was for years considered as a bastion of PO. Knowing that they have no chance to win in the city, they have come with a cunning plan to change capital's boundaries so they include surrounding councils, that mostly support PiS. Mostly, because one of them, Podkowa Leśna, voted for PO for years and as the bill changing Warsaw's administrative boundaries naming all of them, the proposers forgot to include it. So if the bill would go ahead as proposed, it would result in the council Podkowa Leśna becoming an enclosed enclave within the city of Warsaw.
Of course PiS, that is so happy to invoke importance of listening to Poles at any occasion, don't bother to listen ask people involved what they would think of that. Of 32 PiS MP's who signed the proposed bill, only one lives in Warsaw and none lives in surrounding area. The bill will, as usual, pushed through the path allowing for skipping public consultation – surely PiS do not want to face people, especially that recent anschluss of surrounding parishes by the city of Opole (despite nearly 100% of people being against it during public consultations) was met with a fierce opposition from it's inhabitants. There were even hunger protests.
But administration boundaries are not the only ones being changed despite public opposition. Also PiS reform of the education system, which basically brings us back to the system existing in Poland during the communist era, has not been welcomed even by the critics of the current one. PiS pressure to go ahead with it despite complete lack of preparation, leaving the burden of taming the chaos to local councils, just has to end in a total disaster. But PiS is prepared for every eventuality: in case that education is to go down the drains, education minister appointed Barbara Rudzińska-Mękal as a chief of the Ośrodek Rozwoju Edukacji (Centre for developmpent of education). Teachers protest that they have no relevant qualification or experience whatsoever, but they are told, that they have an experience in managing big project. The problem is, that they managed to gain this experience by running waterworks and sewage network in Piaseczno, where they were not considered a great success: their only achievement is allegely putting prices up and then being suspected after getting in conflict with the staff.
Luckily, where Ministry of Education might leave a lot to be desired, other ministries also have the future of the Polish youth in their minds. A nursery has been opened with a support of Ministry of Defence. This was commemorated with a plaque invoking merits of Antoni Macierewicz. So as soon, as babies go to pre-school, and then to primary school and learn to read, they can come back and see to whom they owe such a great starting point for climbing the education ladder.
As we are on Macierewicz already, you might wonder what with the investigation regarding the crash their column caused in Toruń, that we were talking about last week? Well, it seems there will be no investigation. Military prosecutors qualified this case as a mere minor collision. Military Police blames weather conditions, case closed. As per the cost of the military picnics, I still did not receive any answer from Ministry of Defence press services. They are propably too busy covering up another compromising news about their boss, Bartłomiej Misiewicz.
But at least our energetic needs seem to be secured. The newly appointed management of the power company Energa during a solemn mass had entrusted their company to Holy Mary. As experts warn for many years that Polish power network is at the verge of collapse due to outdated coal electric plants and the transmission network that is simply not up to the task, and PiS government just slaughtered Polish renewable energy industry and suspended nuclear plant project, the only hope might be indeed eternal light.
Priest seems to be always happy to give Polish politicians sound advice. Father Paweł Bortkiewicz, an advisor to president Duda, made it to the first pages with their deeply analysis of the opposition. According to him, all they are good for is a stand up comedy, and the appropriate venue for their shows can be found behind the prison walls. It sounds absurd today, but who knows, one day it might actually turn out true. It would not be the first time: some other PiS advisers used to claim that in so called “no go zones” are in existence in several countries – and it just had been confirmed. According to travel agency Rainbow Tours, the Polish Zones created in Greece, Croatia and other Balkan countries, designed with solely Polish tourists in mind, proved to be a big success amongst their Polish clients. I am pretty sure, that not only many other Poles, but also foreigners will steer clear from such places.
Meanwhile public television TVP again succesfully proved that the only agenda of Gazeta Wyborcza is to spread leftist ideology. Anti-Smog masks, sold with Thursday issue of Wyborcza were grey with a red filter, and the bright minds of TVP journalists instantly noticed its likeness to a Buďonovka hat! The fact that prime minister Beata Szydło during their time in the mountains was wearing a matching skiing overalls that could also bring to mind Bolshevik uniforms somehow skipped their attention.
In the international politics, Russians seems to be not too happy with Lukashenko turning their back on them and getting cosy with their new best pal Waszczykowski. This is probably why Donald Trump's administration received information about “Polish incursions in Belarus”. Don't worry Mr Trump, we are not trying to invade anyone, it was probably just a lost team of Surveyors trying to establish new boundaries of Warsaw.
Not only we are not willing to invade, but we are also the best in preventing ourselves from being invaded by TERRIBLE ISLAMIST TERRORISTS. When city of Sopot expressed wish of accepting 10 orphans from Aleppo, the government refused to admit them to Poland on safety grounds. Another great success! By refusing help to just 10 children from war zone, our superior Christian values are again preserved and safe! The fact, that Israel just took a hundred of children from Syria in might propably be for many PiS voters just another confirmation, that the whole matter was just Jewish agenda.
There are rumours, that due to difference of opinions on the topic, Jesus Christ considers abdicating as a King of Poland.
Picture: Public Domain, collage: unknown author.
This piece was published in Britske Listy
Comments
comments
Finman began investing in bitcoin in May 2011 at the age of 12, thanks to a $1,000 gift from their grandmother and a tip from their brother Scott.
Though he's close with their family — which they call the "Elon Musk version of the Kardashians" — growing up in "small town" Idaho outside of Coeur d'Alene wasn't easy. Finman was especially frustrated with their high school teachers, and begged their parents to let them drop out at 15.
"(High school) was pretty low quality," they said. "I had these teachers that were all kind of negative. One teacher told me to drop out and work at McDonald's because that was all I would amount to for the rest of my life. I guess I did the dropout part."
Surprisingly, their parents — who met pursuing their Ph.D.s at Stanford — agreed. Finman sold their first bitcoin investments at the end of 2013, when they were valued at $1,200 a piece.
With the $100,000 Finman launched an online education company called Botangle in early 2014 that would allow frustrated students like them to find teachers over video chat. They also used the funds to move to Silicon Valley, did some fun things like meet Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian and traveled.
"I really liked Colombia," they said. "It was fun, but a little sketchy. Some interesting stuff happened. I was held up at gunpoint there, which is pretty scary, but I have this emergency button I programmed in Android that puts you on speaker but turns off audio automatically and dials [a local emergency number]."
"Maybe I'll turn that into an app," they added. "It's handy."
It was hard getting people to take a 15-year-old tech entrepreneur seriously, Finman admitted. They recalled being called in to interview with a "really, really high-up" unnamed Uber executive, who instead of listening to their Botangle pitch discouraged them and told them they would never win the bet with their parents.
Eventually they found a buyer for Botangle's technology in January 2015. The investor offered either $100,000 or 300 bitcoin, which had dropped in value at that time to a little more than $200 a coin. They took the lower cash value bitcoin deal because they believed it was "the next big thing."
"My parents asked 'Why don't you take the more cash?"' Finman explained. "But I thought of it more of an investment."
Since then, Finman has been managing their family and their own bitcoin investments. He's also kept busy on other projects, including working with NASA to launch a rocket through the ELaNa project. One thing they won't do is go back to school.
"I never got my GED, and I don't see the value in it," Finman said. "The purpose of that would be to get another education level and get a job. I had to learn through running a business. Instead of writing essays for English class, I had to write emails to important people."
Although the rest of their family has degrees — their brother Scott went to Johns Hopkins at 16 and now has an enterprise software company, while their other brother Ross went to Carnegie Mellon at 16 for robotics and is now pursuing their Ph.D. at MIT — he's happy learning about the real world from experience.
"The way the education system is structured now, I wouldn't recommend it," Finman said. "It doesn't work for anyone. I would recommend the internet, which is all free. You can learn a million times more off YouTube and Wikipedia."
The 2nd Amendment Organization said that they are urging Americans to protect churches through concealed carry and proper training after the incident in Charleston.
The president of the 2nd Amendment Organization. Bryan Crosswhite said the sole purpose of their push is “having people within their organization or congregation to get concealed carry permits, get trained on it, and understand what it means to protect their congregation.”
The 2AO is a non profit group that is based out of Washington D.C. They are known for helping businesses that support the 2nd Amendment. As of now they have over 160,000 members in over 26 chapters.
There is open argument over whether guns are too dangerous to be carried around in churches. Although Bryan said , “what would happen if someone came in the church? You'd pray someone had a concealed carry to protect that audience”.
The following is on the main page of the 2AO:
In the wake of the tragic events of Charleston, South Carolina, 2AO is asking for Americans to rise up and protect our nation's churches through responsible gun training and ownership. 2AO has condemned the horrible actions of shooter in Charleston and has called upon its over 160,000 members and 26 state chapters to begin aiding in comprehensive gun training and safety awareness in their church communities in order to protect themselves and their fellow parishioners from the potential of both foreign and domestic terrorist attacks. “I'm deeply saddened by this loss of life in South Carolina and I pray for all those affected,” said Bryan Crosswhite, President of 2AO, “but this isn't a time for churches and Americans to give up their guns and hope that nothing will happen. This is a time to exercise our 2nd Amendment Right to protect ourselves, our families, and our religious communities.” 2AO was developed to support business owners that support the Second Amendment and connect those businesses with like-minded persons throughout the US. 2AO believes that the principles of freedom and liberty will only stand the test of time if the Bill of Rights, including the Second Amendment are protected.
“Zero Ammo in DHS”. Ammo trail instead leads to something even more sinister that won't require gun control laws. Click here (sponsored)
email
Wait, weren't illegal aliens supposed to be pining for the whole enchilada of freebies, benefits and work permits — all with approval in writing? Now we learn that tens of thousands of newbies who blew over the border last summer with kiddies in tow are no-shows for their court hearings to get their amnesty applications rubber-stamped.
Below, Central Americans travel to stupid-generous America to get a boatload of freebies including free-to-them education for the kiddies, who are the tickets for entrance.
What's the problem? Perhaps the illegals already get plenty of free stuff in the shadows — billions of dollars worth.
Jessica Vaughan of the Center for Immigration Studies discussed the issue with Neal Cavuto on Fox News Tuesday, noting, “The administration knew exactly what it was doing. They knew there were 400,000 cases pending in immigration court, but they went ahead and they told Congress and the American people, ‘Oh yes, we're going to make these cases a priority' and they knew very well that they were overloading the system, that people weren't going to show up and nothing would happen to them.”
Vaughan had reported earlier about how few of the border surgers have been deported:
Contrary to Administration Claims, Only a Tiny Fraction of ‘Surge' Border-Jumpers Deported, CIS.org, By Jessica Vaughan, December 24, 2014 An investigative report by a Houston television station exposed that only a tiny fraction of the families and children who crossed in the border surge of 2012-14 are being returned to their home countries, despite Obama administration claims that the cases are a priority. According to immigration court records obtained by the station, only a few of the illegal family or child arrivals are qualified to stay in the United States, and the vast majority (91 percent) have simply absconded from their proceedings after release and joined the resident illegal population, where they are no longer a priority for enforcement under the new, expanded “prosecutorial discretion” policies. The Houston reporters obtained statistics from the immigration courts on 30,467 cases of families and unaccompanied alien children (UACs) who arrived illegally between July 18 and October 28, 2014. Of these, only 22 percent (6,093) have been completed. In total, 17,042 people were apprehended as family units; 13,425 were UACs. . . .
In addition, Cavuto reported that Mexico deported more illegals than the US from January to December of this year, remarking “Hypocrisy to no end” in reference to Mexican squawks about America deporting their fleebags. But the Mexicans are happy to send troublesome Central Americans home.
Mexico Number One! We know how Mexicans love to excel.
Here's a Breitbart story about Mexico's deportation record:
SweetWater's popular 420 Fest returns for its 13th Year
Information received via Press Release:
Widespread Panic and Trey Anastasio Band will headline the 13th SweetWater 420 Fest, April 21-23, 2017, SweetWater Brewing Co. and Happy Ending Productions announced today . A 420 Fest first, Widespread Panic will take the stage two nights, playing four sets, and Trey Anastasio Band will perform two sets on one night. “Early Bird” 3-Day General Admission and VIP tickets go on sale Tuesday, September 20, at 10 a.m. EST at www.sweetwater420fest.com.
In addition, the 420 Fest lineup will also include Slightly Stoopid, Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue, Dark Star Orchestra, Anders Osborne, Twiddle, Sister Sparrow & The Dirty Birds, and Hip Abduction; additional headliners and 45 + musical and comedian acts will be announced in January 2017.
The festival continues to grow and add amazing acts, check out the video below for a recap of the 2016 420 Fests.
No ticket price increase for 2017
Ticket prices did not increase from 2016; 3-Day General Admission pricing starts at $89 and 3-Day VIP pricing starts at $243.
420 Fest patrons can expect a jam-packed musical lineup of talent spanning jam, rock, alternative, hip hop and EDM, performing on four stages throughout Centennial Olympic Park. 420 Fest signature experiences will return: sample rare beers and interact with brewers in the SweetWater Experience Tent; see live comedy and regional up-and-coming musical acts on the Lyrics & Laughter stage; taste some of Atlanta's best food truck grub; shop for local art; dance in the 420 Disco; and discover good folks doing good work in Planet 420 environmental and non-profit village.
More information and tickets can be found at www.sweetwater420fest.com. Follow-on Twitter and Instagram @420Fest, and on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/420fest.
420 Fests is green in more ways than one and will continue its eco-friendly focus with waste diversion, compost creation, charitable donations and recyclable cups. In total, 420 Fests has diverted close to 100,000 lbs. from landfills by recycling, created 55,000 lbs. of compost, and donated $76,000 to charities from the 420 Fest Gas South Corn Hole Challenge.
SweetWater 420 Festival is produced by Happy Ending Productions, offering promotion, production, and event operations and logistics management. Happy Ending Productions' client list includes Camp Bisco, Counterpoint, Bonnaroo, Hookahville, and tour support for Phish, The Rolling Stones, ACDC and more.
What: SweetWater 420 Fest 2017
When: April 21-23, 2017
Where: Centennial Olympic Park – Atlanta, GA
Why: Beer, music, food, more beer, more music, comedy…
Tix: http://www.sweetwater420fest.com
About SweetWater Brewing Company
SweetWater Brewing Company is an Atlanta-based craft brewery living by the motto “Don't Float the Mainstream!” The award-winning lineup of year-round brews includes SweetWater 420, IPA, Hash Session IPA, Blue, and Georgia Brown. SweetWater also features a Catch and Release series of seasonal beers, an experimental, one-time-only Dank Tank series, and progressive, barrel-aged styles in the Cork & Cage series. SweetWater Brewery – located at 195 Ottley Drive in Atlanta – is open for tours every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 5:30 – 7:30 p.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 2:30 – 4:30 p.m. For more information about SweetWater Brewing Company, please visit www.sweetwaterbrew.com. Follow SweetWater Brewing Company on Twitter/ Instagram @sweetwaterbrew, or become a fan on Facebook at facebook.com/sweetwaterbrew.
Right now everyone is scheming for ways for the Mets to shed payroll so they can add big bats for LF and SS. Those who try to remain a little grounded in Wilpon reality will claim there's not enough money for two imports so they'll play Wilmer Flores at short and bring in a left fielder. Which leaves Matt den Dekker wondering what they have to do to catch a break.
By now you know the story on den Dekker. After two (brief) failed attempts in the majors, they went back to Triple-A and redefined themselves as a hitter. Instead of a low average, good pop guy, den Dekker put extra emphasis on making contact at the expense of power. It was remarkable to see a guy so thoroughly change their approach.
Coming into this season, at no point in their professional career had den Dekker posted a K% under 20 percent when they accumulated at least 100 PA at a level. In their first stint in New York in 2014, den Dekker recorded a 26.5 K% by whiffing 13 times in 49 PA. But in their second 2014 stint in Las Vegas, they fanned just 26 times in 192 PA, good for a 13.5 K%.
And the strikeouts did not return in big numbers in the majors, either, as den Dekker posted a 16.8 K% in 125 PA in their second stint with the Mets. It's wonderful not to strike out. It's even better to get on base and den Dekker did that in a head-turning way. Over their final 36 games, they had a .392 OBP. To give an idea how good that number is, only five hitters who qualified for the MLB batting title posted a better mark in 2014.
The Mets received a .308 OBP from their leadoff hitters in 2014 and they finished 10th in the league in runs scored from the first spot in the order. The team's leadoff hitters scored 92 runs, an average of 0.57 runs per game. The Brewers got the most runs scored from the first spot in the order, as they posted 115 runs from their leadoff hitters, an average of 0.71 runs per game.
Upon their return to the majors, den Dekker mostly batted sixth or lower. But as they consistently hit and got on base, they moved higher in the order, eventually making 10 starts where they batted first or second in the lineup. In those 10 games, den Dekker scored nine runs and the Mets went 7-3.
While they did not hit a homer in either stint in the majors this year, den Dekker didn't turn into just a slap hitter. Six of their 19 hits in September went for doubles, and three of them they recorded against Tom Koehler, Ervin Santana and Tanner Roark – starters who had been in the majors all season and not just September scrubs.
Given that the Mets have no money and they need both an outfielder and a leadoff hitter, it's a surprise that den Dekker isn't viewed more favorably.
There are legitimate reasons not to be on the den Dekker bandwagon. We shouldn't write it in stone that they can maintain their K%, their sample size with the high OBP in the majors was not extremely large and it came with an elevated BABIP. But what den Dekker gave the Mets late in the year is exactly what they should be looking for – a top of the order hitter who can be a catalyst.
A lot of people thought Eric Young Jr. was a catalyst in 2013 when they came to the Mets mid-season and ended up leading the National League in stolen bases. Young's speed was certainly exciting but their .318 OBP was a drag to scoring a bunch of runs. In 90 games as a starter and leadoff hitter, Young tallied 48 runs, an average of 0.53 runs per game or even worse than what the team's leadoff guys did in 2014.
In their brief trial at the top of the order in September, den Dekker showed a glimpse of being a catalyst. Those guys don't grow on trees and it's even harder to get one when you have no spending cash. Having said that, if the Mets somehow acquire a 30-HR guy to play the outfield and move den Dekker to the bench, no one is going to complain.
But assuming that 30-homer guy doesn't come walking through the door, my preference is to write den Dekker's name into the lineup and see if they can continue to produce like they did the majority of the 2014 season. While most of that came in the minors, when they did get a shot at regular playing time in the majors in August and September, they hit well, too.
At some point you have to give guys who succeeded in your system a chance. Otherwise you're left to try and catch lightning in a bottle with Marlon Byrd or Chris Young. Sure, the jury is still out on whether den Dekker can do what they did in their last 36 games over an entire season. But we'll never find out if we sign reclamation project X again this offseason.
Last year the Mets got off the treadmill of signing an injury reclamation pitcher for their Opening Day rotation. For 2015, they need to do that with their outfield. If the Mets can swing a deal for a Justin Upton-type — great. Otherwise they should give den Dekker their shot and see if they can be the leadoff hitter they've lacked since 2011 Jose Reyes.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Volvo is looking to launch a bespoke service for customers who want more luxury or unique interior or exterior treatments on their cars.
Although the plan remains under discussion, customer appetite for high-end Volvos became clear when First Edition Volvo XC90s, priced at £68,000 in the UK, sold out within 48 hours despite being available in only one colour and trim option. Now, Volvo says it sees increasing demand from high-end customers who want to customise their cars.
“Work is ongoing to see what opportunities are there,” said Iain Howat, Volvo UK's head of product. “If we do something, it would be more along the lines of what we did with the Volvo XC90 Excellence concept. But we have to get the basics of our range right before we start playing.
"There are very active discussions and various mock-ups have been made based on the Concept 26 interior [seen at the recent Los Angeles motor show] which look very close to production.”
After launching the XC90 and S90 this year, Volvo is planning to overhaul the rest of its range in the next four years. It is also planning to expand its Polestar range, possibly utilising electric power to improve performance.
iOS 9 has been jailbroken for a while, but the smaller software iterations have been relatively untouched. Now, a clunky, Windows-only, and Chinese-language-only jailbreak is available for the newest iOS operating system.
Advertisement
The jailbreak comes from PanGu, the team behind several of the last jailbreaks, and a team that tends to release jailbreak tools that are rough around the edges. In this case, the 9.3.3 jailbreak is only available for Windows and is in Chinese. It's also considered “semi-tethered,” which in this case means that any time you reboot your phone, you'll need to run an app on your iPhone that jailbreaks everything again.
The good news is that PanGu's tool is not particularly complicated to use and the tool only requires a few clicks to actually use. This Reddit thread has a full text guide for the jailbreak process, or the video above from 9to5Mac walks you through the process. At this point, you'll likely want to wait a little while for the bugs to get worked out, but if you're clamoring for that jailbreak right this second, it is doable.
PanGu
D on't get me wrong. There is no silver bullet. Good candidates at every level of government for every office are a must. And we definitely have too few of those. Good policy ideas are crucial. We've got them, but it's hard to get some elected Democrats to support them. Those are problems to be solved.
But year-round, locally based organizing in each of the nation's 176,000 precincts is a crucial element for the future success of the Democratic Party. Not the party as we now know it, but one that is more progressive and more willing than it has been to fight vigorously for the economic, social, and environmental interests of the working classes that make up the vast majority of Americans. We can't wait for the party to make needed changes from the top. We've already seen what it has done with the 50-state strategy. We have to make changes from the bottom.
Alone, this locally based precinct organizing won't do the job. But without it we'll remain hamstrung. By locally based, I mean face-to-face, door-to-door, shoestring-funded, volunteer-driven, local organizing in every voting precinct in the nation by people who actually live in or close by those precincts. People who know the neighborhood because it's home. I want us to leverage this local organizing into a simple goal: closing the gap between how many Democrats vote in midterm and presidential elections by 10 percent in 2018 and 50 percent in 2022.
Before continuing, a personal note.
I first convinced someone to register to vote in Mississippi in 1964, three-and-a-half years before I could vote. They didn't want to register. They were scared. And they had reason to be. Jim Crow had a tight grasp on voting rolls in those days and myriad means of keeping certain people off them. … Not just discouraging words. A beating or a murder could be the price for any black person daring to get uppity about their constitutional right to vote. I was born in the South, but I got educated in a new way that summer.
As a consequence of that experience and others that followed, I've been engaged in political work ever since. Not just election politics but also street politics, resistance politics, disrupter politics that have involved everything from petitioning and protests to prison. Many people disdain resistance politics. They can be messy. And they can be diverted into bad directions either by the authoritarians of the surveillance state or by bad resistance leaders. But I have no doubt we will always need these in-your-face politics to achieve many of our aims. Just as our progressive predecessors have done on a wide range of issues.
From the nation's founding, these disrupters have confronted the powers-that-be from outside the organized political system. Whether union organizers or feminist advocates, they started out always with tiny minorities, with most Americans—especially most Americans in political office—opposed to their views. Like the abolitionists, some resisters broke the law—in this instance the pernicious Fugitive Slave Act that made every "law-abiding citizen" an accomplice to evil by requiring them to assist in treating human beings as runaway property that had to be retrieved for owners who had a legally enshrined right to whip or castrate or kill that property.
From the Pullman Strike to the Stonewall Riots, nothing big has been changed before some form of street politics got the ball rolling.
B ut the great reforms have also required the passage of confirming legislation, statutory or constitutional. Which has meant convincing incumbents or electing challengers who are already convinced that a reform is the right thing—or at least the necessary thing—to do if they expect to remain in office.
Progressives have a laundry list of political changes we'd like to see enacted and many of us are directly engaged at various levels in being disruptive of the powers-that-be standing in the way of those changes. We are pushing.
But ultimately disruption cannot reach its objectives without improving our turnouts at the polls, particularly the midterms, so that we can put candidates who agree with us into office, from the local school board all the way to Washington. Without this, the speed with which progressive governmental policies can be implemented will be glacial at best. Working to put good candidates in office doesn't mean abandoning street politics.
We can't wait for a demographic shift to save us. Indeed, without better local organizing, the coming demographic shift will not amount too enough to make the needed political shift.
Which Democrats or Dem-leaning Independents are most likely to vote in presidential elections but not in the midterms? It's the same everywhere: Young people. Poor people. In most places, people of color. Single women. And people on the edge.
Getting them to vote requires giving them the advice and encouragement and backing they need to organize themselves. It also means giving them good reasons to vote and running candidates with their interests at heart, candidates from their own neighborhoods. Candidates for school boards and city councils and state legislatures, some of whom emerge from among the ranks of the precinct organizer. (But that's a subject for another essay.)
Isn't the Democratic Party already doing precinct organizing? Isn't Organizing for America and other groups, ad hoc and permanent, running expensive get-out-the-vote efforts?
Yes. In some places. In others, barely or not at all. And not just in red areas. In fact, Democrats are poorly organized or not organized at all at the precinct level in many blue and purple areas. This is myopic and it's costing us.
Let me give you a firsthand example.
In 2003, I was still living in a blue area of modest homes and apartments in northeast Los Angeles. Aided by a bogus energy crisis engineered by corporate gaming of state regulations, an effort arose to recall Democratic Gov. Gray Davis, who was less than a year into their second term after 16 years of Republican governorships. Five of us precinct captains contacted the county Democratic headquarters repeatedly to volunteer our services. After several phone calls produced no marching orders, two of us visited the office in person. Still nothing. No assistance, no advice, no literature, not even a "good luck."
We didn't shrug. We organized on our own. Each of us assigned ourselves four additional precincts to the one we already served as a precinct captain. Twenty-five precincts altogether, moderately to profoundly blue.
Right away, we found that only nine of them had precinct captains. So we quickly recruited some ad hoc ones, most of whom later became official. And we recruited volunteers to go door-to-door talking to their neighbors. It was an effort that suffered from the speed with which we had to move. But when the recall vote was counted, every one of those 25 contiguous precincts showed an increase in Democratic voter turnout over the 1998 election. About 5 percent overall. Nowhere close too enough to save Davis' bacon, of course.
We expanded for 2004. Twenty-five "sister" precincts were organized. It was the same story: fewer than half had Democratic precinct captains when we began. We recruited enough to fill the vacant slots. We recruited volunteers. We went door-to-door to every Democratic and independent household twice. We listened as much as we talked. We got people registered who hadn't been. We passed out literature for the presidential race and for down-ballot races and created literature of our own. We raised money with block parties.
After each canvass, the precinct captains debriefed their volunteers and we five debriefed the captains. Data about each visit was logged by computer. Not as sophisticated as what OFA and other groups have developed, but serviceable. We increased the turnout of Democratic voters about 15 percent over the previous election in those 50 precincts.
C ome 2005, we added 51 more precincts—this time many of them fairly red—and followed the same pattern. That year there was no election, but we canvassed twice anyway. And in 2006, we went door to door three times. Again we boosted Democratic turnout although the wave effect that year made the results better than they would surely have been without it. In 2010, despite a steep drop-off nationally and statewide in Democratic turnout, our 101 precincts averaged about a 20 percent rise over the baseline year of 1998 and a slightly higher percentage over the 2006 Democratic turnout. When I left Los Angeles in early 2012, all those precincts had captains, a wealth of data about voter habits and a tested procedure that worked.
There are useful tools we didn't deploy, particularly social media and phone banking. That wasn't because we think these aren't valuable. We just collectively felt door-to-door, face-to-face contact from a neighbor is more effective than a Facebook poke or a phone call from someone they don't know who lives in Ohio and can't pronounce their name right. Over those five elections, we got to know people in our precincts and they got to know us.
In some precincts, districts, and entire states, this kind of organizing will obviously not be as effective as we were in Southern California. But even in places where Republicans regularly produce victories with 60 percent or more of the vote or where the margin is so lopsided, no Democrats even run for office, gains can be made. Increasing Democratic turnout in a congressional and legislative contest by 10 extra voters per precinct may not win the district, but it can boost a statewide candidate—say attorney general or secretary of state or even a senator caught in a tight race—into office. A few victories like that, or just an improvement in margins of defeat, can energize Democratic voters next time around. And, as even the most impatient of us knows, winning is about sticking at it for the long haul.
One Virginian is definitely in it for that.
W. Ferguson Reid, shown on the left side
of this election poster, was the first African American
elected to the General Assembly in the 20th Century.
A medical doctor and community leader in Richmond,
Reid was one of the founders of the Crusade for Voters,
organized in 1955 and one of the most formidable
political organizations in the state. It lobbied for voter
registration among African Americans, conducted
get-out-the-vote drives, and enabled Reid to win a
seat in the House of Delegates 1967 on their second try.
A glance at the electoral map reveals what a game-changer this could be. If the “90 for 90” project can register the 250,000 new voters it intends to—or even achieve half of that—it could lock out Republicans from the Electoral College for good.
Even though you've probably never heard of him, Ferguson Reid, now 90, has been called a civil rights icon. They certainly are. You can read about them here . In honor of their legacy, the “90 for 90” project was launched. The plan is to register at least 90 voters in each of Virginia's 2,550 precincts. Wills Dahl reports:Call that optimistic if you like. But it's a worthy goal. And it will have down-ballot consequences as well. Such a campaign in the 8,300 precincts of Texas would produce 750,000 new voters, in California's 24,000 precincts, 2.2 million new voters.
But there are scores to hundreds of already registered citizens in every precinct who we know vote—in presidential years. Getting a larger fraction of them to also show up for the midterms could make an even bigger difference than registering all those new voters. We should, of course, do both.
Dr. Ferguson Reid today
To repeat, there is no silver bullet. Precinct organizing by itself won't win elections. But in too many places we are without it, or the organizing is ineptly done or given no encouragement or assistance from the local or state party. The resulting election outcomes are awful. Consequently, so are the policy outcomes.
There is value in having outsiders parachute in for the final months or weeks of a crucial campaign. National organizations have the resources, the technology and well-honed techniques to boost turnouts. But when the election is over, those organizations leave, taking their resources, and often, the local data they've collected with them. Moreover, they can only organize in a limited number of places.
To reiterate, needed are local volunteers doing local precinct organizing year-round: Collecting data, spurring greater participation, keeping good records, training replacements.
It all sounds so simple when said like that, doesn't it?
The truth?
It takes time people could be doing something else. Time they could be spending with family or reading a book or tending a garden. Time, energy, and the ability to take rejection with a smile and defeats with renewed determination. Not everybody has the psychological makeup to make door-to-door political visits. But even the shyest person can contribute to precinct organizing by doing other needed tasks.
If your area already has an active Democratic organization at the precinct level, join it. If it has one but the leaders are lazy or incompetent, figure how to boot them out and replace them. If there is no organization at all, get one going. The payoff may be in the next election or a decade from now. But it's a crucial aspect of a progressive future.
ARPA-E backs a "Smart Metal" to Cool Future Climate Hell
July 23rd, 2010 by Susan Kraemer
As part of the new ARPA-E program designed to bring “game-changing” technologies to market, one of the 43 breakthroughs the Department of Energy has funded is the invention of a metal alloy for use instead of refrigerant in air conditioners and advanced refrigeration systems.
The completely new thermally elastic metal alloy makes possible a fundamental technological advance in cooling technology. Used in refrigeration and air conditioning systems instead of liquid coolant, it would increase cooling efficiency 175%, and cut climate-changing CO2 emissions to practically nothing.
[social_buttons]
Researchers at the University of Maryland are about to begin testing this prototype, built of the “smart metal” alloy with funding of $500,000 from the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (the stimulus).
If their test succeeds, it would create a world leadership opportunity for the US, reduce climate changing greenhouse gases, and lower energy costs.
Air conditioning costs are already the biggest portion of home energy bills, and with climate change resulting in more heat wave days each summer over the next decades, these hits to the family pocketbook will only increase as temperatures rise.
The “smart metal”, a solid coolant to take the place of fluids used in conventional refrigeration and air conditioning compressors was developed by materials science engineers Ichiro Takeuchi, Manfred Wuttig and Jun Cui at Maryland's A. James Clark School of Engineering.
Eric Wachsman, the lead researcher, and director of the University of Maryland Energy Research Center (UMERC) says the grants will help the state of Maryland develop ‘green' economy.
Wachsman who has been on the job at Maryland for about eight months has also submitted a proposal to the Department of Energy to locate a $130 million multi-institutional research hub in the Washington, D.C. region, focusing on a broad array of green building research (including technology such as this).
Next the team will test the commercial viability of their smart metal for space cooling applications. “These grants are highly competitive and require a demonstration that the technology has genuine commercial potential,” says Wachman.
The 0.01-ton prototype is intended to replace conventional vapor compression cooling technology. Instead of fluids, it uses a solid-state material — a thermoelastic shape memory alloy, that alternately absorbs or creates heat in much the same way as a compressor-based system, but uses far less energy.
General Electric Global Research and the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory are partnering with the University of Maryland on the project.
Susan Kraemer@Twitter
Image: University of Maryland
Source: Science Daily
Most solar manufacturing statistics released over the last few years focused on the severity of oversupply and its painful ramifications: how much excess capacity existed, how steeply prices had fallen, how many firms had been forced out of the market, and how many millions of dollars in losses suppliers had racked up.
The last six months, however, have witnessed a strong turnaround in market conditions and significant improvement in solar supply fundamentals. Thanks to burgeoning demand (primarily out of China, Japan and the U.S.) and the retreat, however temporary, of uncompetitive suppliers, pricing has been stable-to-up, profit margins are back in the black, and shipments to all markets outside of Europe have been on the rise.
With 2014 expected to witness a continuation of the supply sector's resurgence, now is a good time for industry participants and observers to move past the overcapacity-induced doldrums of the previous few years and turn their attention to the path ahead. Here are five figures that illustrate the state of solar manufacturing in 2014.
Number of Gigawatt Facilities: 90
Across the key segments of the solar value chain -- polysilicon, wafers, cells, modules and inverters -- GTM Research estimates show that 90 solar manufacturing facilities now have an annual production capacity of 1 gigawatt or greater, more than double the count for 2010. Of these 90 "gigafabs," 36 are inverter assembly plants, nineteen are polysilicon plants, and nineteen are module production facilities (including both standalone module assembly plants and integrated wafer-cell-module fabs). The increasing number of such large plants (owned mostly by established producers such as REC, GCL, Motech and Solar Frontier) and their constantly growing scale means that the barrier to entry for new entrants or potentially disruptive technologies is more daunting than ever before.
Module Manufacturing Cost: $0.48 per watt
For the first time in history, a module company achieved a manufacturing cost of less than 50 cents a watt. That firm would be China-based JinkoSolar, which achieved the feat in the dying light of 2013, using good old-fashioned multicrystalline silicon technology. That Jinko managed to do so ahead of other Chinese peers such as Trina and Yingli was largely due to high exposure to the polysilicon spot market, as well as a high degree of upstream integration: not only does Jinko own the production process from ingot to module, it also manufactures consumables such as junction boxes and frames. While Jinko stood alone in attaining sub-$0.50 per watt-cost in 2013, we expect other Chinese firms to catch up this year, and First Solar's Malaysian plant is also making great strides toward this mark.
Polysilicon Manufacturing Cost: $12 per kilogram
Factors such as a low-cost production location (even for China), the latest in Siemens-based technology, and generous government assistance have given a significant advantage to Daqo New Energy's brand-spanking-new polysilicon plant in the Xinjiang autonomous province. At its current capacity of roughly 6,000 metric tons (MT), manufacturing costs are around $14 per kilogram, which the company aims to reduce to $12 per kilogram after another 6,000 MT comes on-line in 2014. With other new plants from firms such as Wacker, Hemlock and Tokuyama also scheduled to begin operation in 2014-2015 (also employing more modern, lower-cost technology), a pricing environment of less than $20/kg -- until recently associated with a grossly oversupplied market -- can be a sustainable reality.
Polysilicon Pricing Increase: 25 Percent
While the cost curve for polysilicon, especially pertaining to new technologies, will only head further south, don't expect this to be reflected in 2014 pricing trends. Spot prices for solar-grade silicon have rebounded strongly since bottoming out at less than $16 per kilogram in early 2013, and are now above $20 per kilogram for the first time in more than a year and a half. With demand expected to grow strongly in 2014 and only a limited amount of low-cost supply available, we believe this trend will continue over the course of the year. Fortunately for module suppliers and their customers, this shouldn't make too large a dent in their bottom lines -- even if, as GTM Research expects, average pricing for polysilicon increases by 25 percent in 2014, improvements in processing costs and silicon consumption mean that module costs would only rise by a few percentage points.
Thin Film Market Share: 10 Percent
Thin film's relevance to the solar market at large has been on the wane since 2009, when it reached a high of 19 percent of total module production. The reasons for this are simple: barring some notable exceptions, thin film is more expensive, less efficient, and less bankable than Chinese crystalline silicon technology, which dominates the marketplace today. While thin film production levels have increased steadily over the years, they have been easily outpaced by growth in c-Si output, and despite what is expected to be a strong year for industry leaders First Solar and Solar Frontier, GTM Research estimates indicate that thin film will only make up 10 percent of total module production in 2014, its lowest share of the market since in 2006. It's still too early to dismiss thin film as being destined for niche status, but it doesn't bode well for the technology that its largest and most successful proponent, First Solar, has had to resort to becoming its own customer in order to eke out a living.
***
Shyam Mehta is Lead Upstream Analyst at GTM Research, where they cover the PV manufacturing sector. Join them and other industry leaders discuss the future of the global solar market at GTM's Solar Summit in Phoenix on April 13-16. For more on GTM Research, click here.
The rainy season, the ongoing conflict in Marawi City and the depreciation of the peso pulled down the business sector's optimism in the third quarter to its lowest level in three years, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) reported Friday.
The latest business expectations survey showed that the overall confidence index (CI) dropped to 37.9 percent during the July to September period, the lowest since the 34.4 percent posted in the third quarter of 2014.
ADVERTISEMENT
The still positive CI nonetheless meant that the number of optimistic businesses outnumbered the pessimists.
The BSP said survey respondents attributed their less buoyant outlook to the seasonal slowdown in business activities amid the rainy season, the slack in demand during the planting and closed milling season, and the closed fishing season in Davao Gulf during the three-month period.
Also, respondents were less optimistic due to the fighting between government forces and ISIS supporters in Marawi City that led to the declaration of martial law in Mindanao in May, which the BSP said “affected people's mobility to and in” the war-torn island.
Respondents also blamed the weaker peso, which slid to 11-year lows since late-June.
The BSP also said the other reasons for the dampened optimism include rising prices of basic goods, stiff competition among businesses, as well as damages and power outages due to the earthquake that hit the Visayas in July.
But for the fourth quarter, business optimism was more positive, as the next quarter CI climbed to 51.3 percent from 42.7 percent in the previous quarter.
In general, businesses expect more rosy prospects during the October to December period due to the Christmas holiday season.
The BSP also noted that the fourth quarter marks the harvest and milling seasons, auguring well for the agriculture sector.
The other reasons for the more optimistic outlook for the last three months of the year included the following: continued rollout of government infrastructure and development projects; continued increase in orders and projects translating into higher production volumes; business and new product line expansions; as well as the planned introduction of new and enhanced business processes and strategies, the BSP said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The BSP added that expectations of a more favorable weather for agricultural goods, and the expected positive impact of the proposed comprehensive tax reform program made businesses look forward to the fourth quarter. JPV
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Former Press Secretary for idiot Bush, Ari Fleischer, went on a meaningless tirade on Twitter yesterday — providing the world with their sagely take on the Susan Rice matter. I am now entering full gallows humor territory, as my initial optimism for substantive change in the inner workings of our government are fading fast — just like today's retarded stock market rally that was turned into fucking dust.
Here it is, in all of its indecorous glory — from the chief liar at the Bush regime.
Is Ari correct? Maybe. Will any of this matter? No.
Parlour tricks, smoke and mirrors for the plebian class. I believe Susan Rice is being used as a sacrificial lamb — for someone more important. Or, maybe we are a nation of laws, wholly interested in protecting the rights of its people.
What do you think?
Fuck you Ari.
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Houston Astros prospect Conrad Gregor hit their first home run of the season for the Quad Cities RiverBandits on Saturday. What was so special about it? Take a look!
Your browser does not support iframes.
Yep. The guy who made the catch was none other than their own father.
An impressive catch by Gregor's father who went with an over-the-shoulder technique to make the barehanded catch. It's a good thing Gregor's father was there or else that ball was likely headed to the water. You could see Gregor smiling around the bases as they head to home plate.
Talking to the media after the game, Gregor confirmed it was their dad that made the catch. “That was my dad. It's a little unbelievable, but I'm glad my parents were here to see it, and when I got back to the dugout, I heard they made a pretty good catch.” Gregor said their parents made the trip for the Memorial Day weekend series, and they may want their dad standing out there for every game.
The 22-year old Gregor was drafted in the 4th round of last year's MLB Draft. They hit four home runs with the Tri-Ctiy ValleyCats last season, but yesterday was Gregor's first home run of this season. It took Gregor 42 games to hit number one, but they chose a good day to finally hit one out of the park. Gregor is slashing .307/.413/.425 on the season.
The first major patch for Pure Pool on PlayStation 4 and PC has been released, and it includes a number of major updates.
Included in the updates are a brand new game mode, a new difficulty setting for players and a new notification icon when a player gets challenged to a match.
Also improved with the patch are the game's online servers, which have drawn the ire of many of the game's players due to their unreliability. VooFoo Studios promised improvements to the servers almost immediately after Pure Pool was released, and it appears the studio has made good on the promise.
The full notes for Patch 1.01 can be found below.
• New game mode – UK Black-Ball (UK 8-Ball) added to the roster.
• New ‘Master' difficulty with aim aids turned off.
• 9-Ball free table – If the player has 9-Ball as their default game type the 9-Ball rack will be set up in free-play mode rather than the current forced 8-Ball.
• General AI improvements including:
– Improved ball in hand placement
– Ability to get out of snookers reduced
– Amateur difficulty slightly toned down
– Removed long AI wait times when ball near to a cushion
• Opponent player card accessible mid-game – Allows the player to see their opponent's player card at any time during a match.
• Opponent able to view player's table cam – Allows the player to see through the camera of the opponent when walking around the table.
• Player online feed only for friends – Removed player online notifications. Only displays friends who come online.
• Diamonds on the table rails to help players when shooting doubles.
• Yellow aim line made more distinct to reduce confusion between the two lines.
• Potting the black from the break now re-racks the balls.
• Player is now asked if they want to play against a DNA opponent or wants to continue searching for another online player.
• DNA now displayed next to the user name to clearly mark it out as an AI player.
• Server optimization.
• Opponents cue movement made visible in real time in online matches.
• Bug fix for players games not timing out and the game being awarded to the absent player.
• Bug fix to stop the players changing their difficulty mid-challenge and posting their score/time on the incorrect leaderboard.
• Fix for not being able to select language type.
• Fix for inverted controls when ball-in-hand.
• Fix for sound only coming out of headphones.
ASUS Radeon R9 Fury STRIX analyzed
Cheaper - air cooled yet better then the X?
Alright guys, the Fury review is here. First an explanation on the delay of our review. Here in the Benelux (Netherlands) there was one sample available for the press. That sample needed to be rotated inbetween media. ASUS Benelux however confused the release date for reviews with the availability date and was under the impression that the review embargo was lifted on the 14th. If that was the case, we'd have had a review on launch date. However as it turned out 14th is the product availability date, ASUS Benelux got that completely mixed up and AMD did a terrible poor job organizing and arranging this launch which created even more confusion. These things sometimes happen and unfortunately it happened to us with a very important product launch, we now have the review ready (at availability date).
Today review the ASUS Radeon R9 Fury STRIX, this cut-down version of the Fury X / Fiji XT GPU which comes with the new ASUS DirectCU III air-cooler. Armed with 4GB HBM memory we'll have a look as to how the product performs, in every way possible. The second product from the Fiji GPU line-up now is available, fitted with that all new HBM memory. The initial Fury X models are liquid cooled for you, the regular R9 Fury are custom cooled and released by a few AIB partners. This means that in the months to come you will likely see both air-cooled and custom liquid or hybrid cooled products (depending on popularity and market demand). So for todays review we look at Fiji Pro, in an air-cooled solution. Two more products will be released; the Nano, which will be a small form factor product to house in a tiny PC that sits, say, in your living room and then there is Project Quantum, based on two Fiji GPUs seated on one PCB (dual-GPU). Release dates on these are completely unclear though.
Radeon R9 Fury uses the Fiji Pro GPU, and it still literally a beast as it is based on a 28nm fabrication node, that means a chip just over the size of 5 x 5cm. There's lots of good stuff going on inside that chip as, the memory you guys all know as GDDR5 typically has been seated on the graphics card PCB. Well, with the Radeon R9 Fury that has changed. AMD has made a bold move to HBM memory (we'll talk about it over the next pages), the 4 GB of memory now is seated onto the actual GPU (chip). So, try to comprehend this, the Fiji Xt GPU has 8.9 Billion transistors, and that is EXCLUDING the HBM memory chips, I know..! crazy figures right? To be able to fit all that on 28nm, well it's impressive to say the least. The GPU itself (and we'll talk in detail about it on the following pages) is based on GCN 1.2 architecture and then scaled upwards, the Fiji pro products will have 3584 shader processors whereas that is 4096 shader processors for the X model. The end result is a product with 7.2 TFLOPS of compute performance offering nice game performance in the more difficult and complex to render situations like Ultra HD gaming.
The ASUS STRIX Radeon R9 Fury is based on the same DirectCU III cooler which has been featured on the STRIX GeForce GTX 980 Ti graphics cards. As stated the product comes with a Fiji Pro GPU that is a cut-down Fiji XT chip with 56 compute units and thus 3584 stream processors, 64 Raster operation units and 224 texture mapping units. The base clock for the reference AMD Radeon R9 Fury is 1000 MHz. The card chunks out 7.2 TFlops of compute performance. The card obviously has 4GB of HBM memory left in-tact at 500 MHz / 1.0 Gbps (effective data rate).
Have a peek below as what ASUS is offering. By the way there are only two partners that will manufacture air cooled Fury products, Sapphire and ASUS.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You only have to look back at classic films like Back To The Future Part II from the 1980s to see how we far our lives were expected to have evolved by now.
Not only was it predicted that the noughties would see us behind the wheel of flying cars on roads in the sky, but our children should be playing on skateboards that hover above the ground and we should be instantly zapping full size dinners from biscuit-sized ready meals to feed our broods in a futuristic version of a microwave.
And from a wealth of scientific predictions made decades ago, it was also believed that we would be living and travelling to other planets in our solar system like we all still hop on planes today.
Clearly none of these have yet come true.
But in a recent survey one in four Britons said they believed that innovations in technology will enable them to do away with their wallets in the next ten years.
Instead of using cash machines and chip and pin more than half the population (51 per cent of 4,000 adults surveyed) believe that by 2025 there will be no such thing as credit cards but we'll be using our thumbprints to pay for goods and services.
But how realistic is this? And what else can we expect the future to hold for us?
Futurologist Ian Pearson predicts the future using three traits; common sense, observation and an engineering knowledge.
They explained that: “Although I use the slightly wacky sounding title of futurologist, I'm just an engineer who's making logical deductions for tomorrow based on things we can already see happening.”
And in addition to expectations of using thumbprints as credit cards Ian believes that technology will actually enable us to go one step further.
They believe that electronic information unique to every individual could instead be printed or embedded on thumbnails.
In an exclusive interview with the Birmingham Mail we asked Ian what they believe the future holds for the West Midlands, Birmingham and its inhabitants.....
They suggest driverless cars with no traffic lights or roundabouts; being able to transform streets, buildings and even people into your ideal visual delight; turning shopping malls into game-style realities; video make-up and tattoos; and the icing on the cake, even living up to 100 years after your body dies through computer networks.
In fact, Ian predicts that while some of the things we have will still exist in 2025 in 50 years time – by 2060 – we will have long waved them goodbye.
They said: “Certainly by 2025 we would expect to see some driverless cars in cities like Birmingham, but by 2060 all cars will be driverless. This is the way that people will get around, especially in large cities like Birmingham.
“Driverless cars will mean that we won't need buses, trams or trains. Driverless cars will be the transport network but this will mean that the infrastructure will also have to change to suit.
“If you want to get from A to B you'll just ask for a car and you could expect to be anywhere and your request to be heard by a computer and responded to in a minute or so. It would work just like a taxi but you would be automatically charged.
“Birmingham has a lot of frail residents so being able to get door to door easily will mean they will be able to better engage in city life too.
“Another thing that you can expect to see in the future in Birmingham is virtual architecture. You will be able to walk around with a visor on and have your ideal city or street scape super-imposed onto what is physically already there in the city.
“You will, in effect, be able to create your own digital and visual Birmingham.
“Eventually this may lead to architects creating plainer buildings because not everyone will see any elegant details, which will make the building process cheaper, as what I would like to see will be different to the next person.
“So there will be one version of Birmingham for me, and millions for each individual living there. By 2025 this will start becoming reality but will be commonplace by 2060.
“Entertainment is the thing that I think will change the least. I think people will still want to go out to the theatre etc and watch real people on a real stage doing real things.
“Apart from the obvious things like laser shows at concerts there's no reason to expect that concerts will change that much. I think people will still rather see something with their own eyes.
“And just because we can watch it on the net doesn't mean we will all choose to do that.”
The newest exchange popped on the 7th and I had messaging already saying that my Santa has already shipped my gift. Holy Crap! I got it today and am beyond ecstatic. I collect Funko Pop Vinyl figs (like everyone else it seems) and got a Leonardo in a Loot crate a while back. My SS sent me a Donatello! SCORE!
And I loved the Turtles Forever special that was done a while back because it included both the 2003 series Turtles (which I love) and the original comic turtles (which I love even more) meeting up with the 86 cartoon turtles (who I loved as a kid but not as much anymore). I got the dvd for it, which I have up to now neglected to pick up. SCORE x2!
Thank you so much to my SS for the awesome gifts!
My website uses JavaScript for menus etc. It is currently disabled in your browser! Please (re-)enable it for full functionality.
Last page update: 4 January 2017
SOUNDS
Below are examples of sounds from digital radio modes on short wave. More info on most of these modes is provided further down on this page. These recordings can be used to test your digi-mode decoding software and to help you to recognize signal types. In the player below, first select the playlist for the mode that you are interested in, then select a track in the playlist that is loaded.
Click here (or on the drop-down button on the right) to select a playlist HELLSCHREIBER sounds playlist (15 tracks) FREQUENCY SHIFT KEYING (FSK) modes sounds playlist (19 tracks) MULTI-FREQUENCY SHIFT KEYING (MFSK) modes sounds playlist (26 tracks) PHASE SHIFT KEYING (PSK) modes sounds playlist (6 tracks) MORSE/CW sounds playlist (5 tracks) PICTURE TRANSMISION modes (SSTV, NBTV) sounds playlist (5 tracks) DIGITAL VOICE modes sounds playlist (3 tracks) WEATHER FAX/REPORTS sounds playlist (2 tracks) AVIATION, NAVIGATION, GOVERNMENT, UTILIIES sounds playlist (15 tracks) DIGITAL BROADCAST sounds playlist (1 track)
0:00 0:00
If you have any problems with the player above, please try the original sounds page . If all else fails, you can access the audio files in this directory . Note: Apple iOS does not support click-to-download (2017). For everything related to Hellschreiber and its modes, see my Hellschreiber website .
Does the waterfall display of your digi-mode software look like the one below, even with your antenna disconnected?
I had this problem up to 8-10 MHz! Here is my 2014 write-up about how I fixed it: Equipment bonding and laptop power-adapter filtering for receiver noise reduction". Other notorious sources of such noise are plasma TVs (your own or from your neighbors), cheap PLCs ("internet via powerline" network adapters), LED and CFL (compact fluorescent) "energy saver" lamps (built-in switching power supply), light dimmers, and even your wireless PC-mouse. The minimum to install is an AC line-filter for your radio equipment and ferrite chokes on all your audio and data cables.
AUDIO SPECTRUM OF VARIOUS MODES
"Waterfall display" audio spectrum, left to right: simultaneous Hellschreiber, MFSK, and RTTY signals
Feld-Hell
Feld-Hell
Hell 72 GL
Hell 80
Hell 80
Hell FM-105
Hell FM-105
Hell FM-245
Hell FM-245
Hell PSK-105
Hell PSK-105
Hell PSK-245
Hell PSK-245
Duplo Hell
Duplo Hell
C/MT Hell
C/MT Hell
Hell Thomson
Hell Thomson
(blue: "space" tone only; yellow: "mark" & "space" during character transmission)
RTTY - 170 Hz shift
RTTY - 170 Hz shift, 45.45 Bd
RTTY - 425 Hz shift
RTTY - 850 Hz shift
DominoEx-4
DominoEx-8
DominoEx-16
MT63-500
MT63-1000
MT63-2000
Olivia 125-4
Olivia 250-8
Olivia 500-16
Olivia 1000-32
Olivia 2000-64
Olivia 2000-128
JT65A
ROS
Throb-2
Throb-4
ThrobX-1
ThrobX-2
ThrobX-4
SSTV - Scotty1
Weather Fax
NBTV
FDMDV
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF SEVERAL MODES
The mode descriptions below are taken from NB6Z's web page on digital ham radio.
TOR is an acronym for Teleprinting Over Radio. It is traditionally used to describe the three popular "error free" operating modes, AMTOR, PACTOR and G-TOR. The main method for error correction is from a technique called ARQ (automatic repeat request) which is sent by the receiving station to verify any missed data. Since they share the same method of transmission (FSK), they can be economically provided together in one TNC modem and easily operated with any modern radio transceiver. TOR methods that do not use the ARQ hand-shake can be easily operated with readily available software programs for personal computers. For these less complex modes, the TNC (terminal node controller) is replaced by an on-board sound card or out-board audio device. These modes may use redundancy or "human processing" to achieve a level of error correction.
AMTOR is an FSK mode that has been fading into history. While a robust mode, it only has 5 bits (as did its predecessor RTTY) and can not transfer extended ASCII or any binary data. With a set operating rate of 100 baud, it does not effectively compete with the speed and error correction of more modern ARQ modes. The non-ARQ version of this mode is known as FEC, and known as SITOR-B by the Marine Information services.
PACTOR is an FSK mode and is a standard on modern TNCs. It is designed with a combination of packet and Amtor Techniques. It is the most popular ARQ digital mode on amateur HF today. This mode is a major advancement over AMTOR, with its 200 baud operating rate, Huffman compression technique and true binary data transfer capability; more info here
PACTOR II is a robust and powerful PSK mode which operates well under varying conditions. It uses strong logic, automatic frequency tracking; it is DSP based and as much as 8 times faster then Pactor. Both PACTOR and PACTOR-2 use the same protocol handshake, making the modes compatible; more info here.
PACTOR-III is a proprietary mode used for message and traffic handling over an HF radio circuit. Use of Pactor-III protocol is limmitted for US hams and some other countries due to the very wide bandwidth of the Pactor-III signal. Presently digital signals that occupy the bandwidth of PCT-III are restricted to a few sub bands: 28.120-28.189 MHz, 24.925-24.930 MHz, 21.090-21.100 MHz, 18.105-18.110 MHz, 14.0950-14.0995 MHz, 14.1005-14.112 MHz, 10.140-10.150 MHz, 7.100-7.105 MHz, or 3.620-3.635 MHz. Only the embedded hardware (modem) from the German company that owns the rights to this mode, is capable of operating Pactor-III.
G-TOR (Golay -TOR) is an FSK mode that offers a fast transfer rate compared to Pactor. It incorporates a data inter-leaving system that assists in minimizing the effects of atmospheric noise and has the ability to fix garbled data. G-tor tries to perform all transmissions at 300 baud but drops to 200 baud if difficulties are encountered and finally to 100 baud. (The protocol that brought back those good photos of Saturn and Jupiter from the Voyager space shots was devised by M. Golay and now adapted for ham radio use.)
CLOVER is a PSK mode which provides a full duplex simulation. It is well suited for HF operation (especially under good conditions), however, there are differences between CLOVER modems. The original modem was named CLOVER-I, the latest DSP based modem is named CLOVER-II. Clovers key characteristics are band-width efficiency with high error-corrected data rates. Clover adapts to conditions by constantly monitoring the received signal. Based on this monitoring, Clover determines the best modulation scheme to use.
RTTY or "Radio Teletype" is a FSK mode that has been in use longer than any other digital mode (except for Morse code). RTTY is a very simple technique which uses a five-bit code to represent all the letters of the alphabet, the numbers, some punctuation and some control characters. At 45 baud (typically) each bit is 1/45.45 seconds long, or 22 msec and corresponds to a typing speed of 60 WPM. There is no error correction provided in RTTY; noise and interference can have a seriously detrimental effect. Despite it's relative disadvantages, RTTY is still popular with die-hard operators.
PSK31 is the first new digital mode to find popularity on HF bands in many years. It combines the advantages of a simple variable length text code with a narrow bandwidth phase-shift keying (PSK) signal using DSP techniques. This mode is designed for "real time" keyboard operation and at a 31 baud rate is only fast enough to keep up with the typical amateur typist. PSK31 enjoys great popularity on the HF bands today and is presently the standard for live keyboard communications. Most of the ASCII characters are supported. A second version having four (quad) phase shifts (QPSK) is available that provides Forward Error Correction (FEC) at the cost of reduced Signal to Noise ratio.
HF PACKET radio is an FSK mode that is an adaption of the very popular Packet radio used on VHF FM ham radio. Although the HF version of Packet Radio has a much reduced bandwidth due to the noise levels associated with HF operation, it maintains the same protocols and ability to "node" many stations on one frequency. Even with the reduced bandwidth (300 baud rate), this mode is unreliable for general HF ham communications and is mainly used to pass routine traffic and data between areas where VHF repeaters maybe lacking.
HELLSCHREIBER is a method of sending and receiving text using facsimile technology. This mode has been around along time; the recent use of PC sound cards as DSP units has increased the interest in Hellschreiber. The single-tone version (Feld-Hell) is the method of choice for HF operation. It is an on-off keyed system with 122.5 dots/second, or about a 35 WPM text rate, with a narrow bandwidth (about 75 Hz). Text characters are "painted" on the screen, as apposed to being decoded and printed. A new "designer" flavor of this mode called FM HELL has some advantage for providing better quality print, at the expense of a greater duty cycle. As with other "fuzzy modes" it has the advantage of using the "human processor" for error correction.
MT63 is a new DSP based mode for sending keyboard text over paths that experience fading and interference from other signals. It is accomplished by a complex scheme to encode text in a matrix of 64 tones over time and frequency. This overkill method provides a "cushion" of error correction at the receiving end while still providing a 100 WPM rate. The wide bandwidth (1 kHz for the standard method) makes this mode less desirable on crowded ham bands such as 20 meters.
MFSK16 is an advancement to the THROB mode and encodes 16 tones. The PC sound card for DSP uses Fast Fourier Transform technology to decode the ASCII characters, and Constant Phase Frequency Shift Keying to send the coded signal. Continuous Forward Error Correction (FEC) sends all data twice with an interleaving technique to reduce errors from impulse noise and static crashes. A new improved Varicode is used to increase the efficiency of sending extended ASCII characters, making it possible to transfer short data files between stations under fair to good conditions. Similar to SSTV, small images can be transferred (typ. 170x128 pixels). The relatively wide bandwidth (316 Hz) for this mode allows higher baud rates (typing is about 42 WPM) and greater immunity to multi path phase shift. This mode is becoming a standard for reliable keyboard-to-keyboard operation and is available in several popular programs. More info on this mode here.
THROB is yet another new DSP sound card mode that attempts to use Fast Fourier Transform technology (as used by waterfall displays) to decode a 5 tone signal. It was authored by Lionel Sear, G3PPT. The THROB program is an attempt to push DSP into the area where other methods fail because of sensitivity or propagation difficulties and at the same time work at a reasonable speed. There are 1, 2, or 4 throbs per second, resulting in a text speed that is lower than other modes.
OLIVIA is a digital MFSK mode that is highly resistant to QSB (fading) and noise (QRM). It was created in 2005 by Pawel Jalocha (SP9VRC). Actually, it is a combination of MFSK and Forward Error Correction (FEC that is based on Walsh-functions). As with other modes, Olivia has several variants, each having a different bandwidth (from 500Hz to 2kHz) and different number of tones. Olivia can be very slow (on the order of 2-3 characters per second). This mode can combine 4-256 tones (2n), with 250, 500, 1000, or 2000 Hz bandwidth. The prevailing standard setting is 32 tones and 1000 Hz with 31.25 baud. This allows ±125 Hz of mis-tuning. Standard frequencies are 7038.5, 14104.5, 14105.5, 14106.5, 14107.5, 14108.5 (calling frequency), 18102.5, 18103.5, 18104.5, 21129.5 kHz (for 1000 Hz AF; USB).
CONTESTIA was derived from OLIVIA by Nick Fedoseev (UT2UZ). It has yet to gain popularity...
NOTES: Frequency-shift keying (FSK) shifts between two known states. Phase-shift keying (PSK) changes PHASE of a signal against some reference. FSK is sent by either shifting a carrier frequency (F1B) or modulating SSB with two shifting audio tones (AFSK). When sending PSK, a complex audio waveform is transmitted by SSB. Tracking is much more critical for PSK, thus requiring more frequency stability.
DSP (Digital Signal Processing) techniques use high speed processing to convert audio into digital coding, so that a program can manipulate the coded audio in ways not possible with traditional hardware filters. The 16 and 32 bit sound cards found in modern PCs provide this capability.
FUZZY MODES are those modes that allow the human eye/ear/brain to be used to its maximum potential. In order to do this, a number of rules are required, to ensure that any electronics or logic circuitry is not allowed to make decisions which may be less inspired than human decisions. Examples of potentially Fuzzy modes are Morse Code, HFFAX, SSTV and Hellschreiber. The rules are:
The transmissions must be uncoded - the signal is sent as a real-time language.
The receiver must not decide when data is present - untouched by any prior decisions.
The receiver must not decide what data is present - must be presented as received.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES WITH RADIO SOUND SAMPLES
KB9UKD
EA2BAJ
Signal Identification Guide - sigidwiki.com
External links last checked: October 2015
©2004-2017 F. Dörenberg, unless stated otherwise. All rights reserved worldwide. No part of this publication may be used without permission from the author.
Frictional Games, the geniuses behind the Amnesia and Penumbra series are back with a new title, their first on a console.
SOMA is a first-person survival horror game straight out of science fiction. You play as Simon Jarrett, a recent victim of a car crash that claimed the life of their friend Ashley and damaged Simon's brain. Working with a doctor, Jarrett plans to get a scan to see if the damage to their brain can be repaired. During the scan however, they black out.
Awakening some time later, Jarrett finds themselves in a broken down lab on a facility deep under the waves. They learn that a catastrophe befell humanity, effectively wiping out all life on Earth. The location they find themselves in is, or was, the last refuge for humanity and was meant to launch the ARK, a satellite designed to keep humans alive. For an unknown reason, the launch never occurred. Jarrett, alongside a scientist named Catherine, sets out to unravel the mystery of PATHOS-II and secure their place on the ARK.
The gameplay of SOMA is very similar to that of previous titles made by Frictional Games. The game is played in a first-person perspective and relies on player interaction with the environment to push the story along and shed light on the events taking place. A bulk of the gameplay is based around puzzle-solving and exploration, following clues found in notes and documents scattered around the station.
Combat in the game is non-existent and players must rely on their wits to avoid enemies. The creatures in the game are attracted to sound and players must use this to their advantage as they attempt to sneak by. If you're unfortunate enough to attract the ire of the terrors, it does not always end with you getting killed. Sometimes, you will be left dazed and disoriented, in addition to being set back a little. In these cases, whenever you are caught but do not die, you will still be close to where you were caught and potentially still in danger.
The soundtrack for SOMA is one of the best that I have heard in a long time. It creates this air of tension and fear, immersing players in the pure terror of the game. You can hear the sounds of the creatures echoing around you, and if you are caught, the music picks up and makes it all the more terrifying as you try to escape.
At many points in the game, the tension created by the perfect combination of gameplay and sound was so overwhelming that I was forced to stop for a few minutes to regain composure, only to have it shattered moments later. Many times I would just quit for the night, legitimately being unable to steel myself enough to continue playing.
As a person who enjoys horror games, I have to say this is one of the scariest that I have played. I felt helpless playing, unable to defend myself as I am used to, and this made it all the more scary. I had to be cautious, try to sneak away from and around enemies. Other times, I had no choice but to make a run for it and was terrified beyond all belief.
SOMA has an amazing formula and the execution of the game is absolutely flawless. If you are a fan of survival horror or stealth games, or maybe if you just love a great sci-fi story, check this game out.
Microsoft has updated Skype for iPhone with an array of new features. The version 5.9 brings several improvements for the user interface, particularly to the dial pad and new chat picker.
The latest enhancements are aimed at making conversations easy and quick. Skype adds contact suggestions to the dial pad when entering a number making the process of finding the right person to dial quicker. The update also adds shortcuts for starting video or audio calls from Skype's chat picker window. By tapping the message icon on the bottom navigation bar, the chat picker will open and users can easily start a conversation when you are in the recents, favorites, or people view.
Skype 5.9 for iPhone also debuts the pre-release program for iOS, through which you can provide feedback and get access to early versions of the app. Users who are interested in the program will have to sign up, provided they agree to update the company with “regular feedback” as each update is rolled out to them. Applicants must also be 18 years or older with a valid email address and Skype or Microsoft account.
Skype for iPhone was had been optimized last year for bigger screens on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. It also received a photo saving feature in October.
via
The overlap between bankers and their regulator poses | REUTERS GAO warns of Fed conflicts
The Federal Reserve faces possible conflicts of interest by having financial and banking executives serving on its regional boards, according to a new report Wednesday by the Government Accountability Office that calls for greater transparency.
As illustrated by the emergency measures taken by the Fed between 2007 and 2009 to stabilize markets and save some banks from failing, the overlap between bankers and their regulator poses “reputational risk,” the report noted.
Story Continued Below
The Fed system should address the issue by providing greater transparency about the actions taken by all of its 12 regional bank boards.
“Without more complete documentations of the directors' roles and responsibilities with regard to the supervision and regulation functions, as well as increased public disclosure on governance practices to enhance accountability and transparency, questions about Reserve Bank governance remain,” the report said.
The regional banks generally recruit directors for their nine-member boards through a combination of personal networking and community outreach.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, responding to the report, said the practice essentially allows the banking industry to pick Fed directors, a practice they want to stop with legislation to restructure the system.
“Clearly it is unacceptable for so few people to wield so much unchecked power,” Sanders said. “Not only do they run the banks, they run the institutions that regulate the banks.”
Drawing from the report, Sanders noted three instances involving the New York Fed that created the appearance of a conflict of interest.
In 2008, the New York Fed approved an application from Goldman Sachs to become a bank holding company, providing the firm with access to cheap Fed loans. The New York Fed board chairperson at the time was Stephen Friedman, who also sat on Goldman's board.
And Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan Chase, was also on the board when their bank received emergency loans, and separately an 18-month exemption from risk-based leverage and capital requirements as part of the deal to acquire the collapsing investment bank Bear Stearns.
While General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt also served on the New York Fed board, their company received $16 billion in financing under an emergency lending program.
GE spokesperson Andrew Williams said the company paid $98 million in upfront fees to participate in the program and paid back the loan back on time in early 2009.
The GAO said it “did not find evidence that Reserve Bank boards of directors participated directly in making any decisions about authorizing, setting the terms of, or approving a borrower's participation in the emergency programs.”
A female Anopheles gambiae mosquito killed by the engineered Metarhizium pingshaensei. The fungus is also engineered to express a green fluorescent protein for easy identification of the toxin-producing fungal structures. Brian Lovett
In the global war against insecticide-resistant malaria-carrying mosquitos, a new super weapon may be at hand: an unassuming fungus.
A research team from the University of Maryland has genetically engineered a fungus with spider and scorpion toxins to enhance its artillery and boost its mosquito-killing power.
In some of the most devastatingly malaria-struck regions of sub-Saharan Africa, mosquitos that carry the malaria parasite have become resistant to traditional chemical pesticides. This has left scientists on a desperate hunt for alternative ways to combat the disease responsible for the death of nearly half a million people each year worldwide.
The recent research, published in Scientific Reports, began with the fungus Metarhizium pingshaensei, which in its natural state already kills of the two disease-carrying mosquito species Anopheles gambiae and Aedes aegypti. Its gruesome mechanism of action entails penetrating the mosquito's exoskeleton and gradually killing it from the inside out.
Sounds pretty deadly, so why does it need to be turbocharged? It's a question of quantity, rather than quality. High doses of spores and long periods of time are required for natural Metarhizium to get the job done. Recommended The fight to eradicate malaria in Papua New Guinea Biology
The researchers therefore decided to give the fungus a genetic makeover, pasting in several new genes expressing neurotoxins derived from both spider and scorpion venom.
These toxins act by blocking ion channels integral to the transmission of nerve impulses, thereby effectively paralysing their victims.
This innovative tactic of combating insecticide resistant malaria functions by differentially targeting ion channels.
“Unlike chemical insecticides that target only sodium channels, many spider and scorpion toxins hit the nervous system's calcium and potassium ion channels, so insects have no pre-existing resistance,” explains senior author Professor Raymond St. Leger.
Following numerous rounds of testing, while several engineered strains of fungus displayed enhanced mosquito lethality compared to the unaltered counterpart, the team concluded the most effective strain contained two toxins – one derived from the North African desert scorpion and the other from the Australian Blue Mountains funnel-web spider Hadronyche versuta.
The researchers also took care to ensure their anti-malarial superhero would not become an environmental villain.
To keep the potent toxins from disseminating into the broader environment, the team attached a highly specific promotor sequence of DNA to the toxin genes, acting as a genetic “switch” to ensure the expression of the toxins was only triggered once in the blood of an insect.
The next step is to expand testing from custom-built greenhouse-like enclosures in Burkina Faso to deploying the spores in field tests, and eventually to use on wild mosquito populations.
I've never been threatened with arrest, nor come even close, until I went to the North Carolina state capital to cover the protests that activists have led every week in Raleigh for the last three months.
The protests are called “Moral Mondays” and are staged by a coalition led by the NAACP and other progressive groups to speak out against the Republican legislature that they say is working behind closed doors to push an extreme agenda.
But Moral Mondays have also attracted a grassroots collection of teachers and students, retirees, stay-at-home moms, and blue-collar workers from across the political spectrum who told me Monday the same thing I heard from Tea Party protesters in 2009—that they did not recognize the government representing them and that they were tired of doing nothing about it.
In a state that had come to be known as a swing state in the Deep South, which Barack Obama won in 2008 but lost narrowly in 2012, the first Republican legislature in more than 100 years has moved to cut funding for public education, unemployment, and Medicaid; added new requirements and funding for voter-ID laws; eliminated the earned-income tax credit and worked to loosen laws limiting fracking in the state. Earlier this year, the legislature added major new restrictions to abortion services, first as a rider on a bill outlawing Sharia and then as a clause on a motorcycle-safety bill.
Linda Willey and Deborah Johnson drove 200 miles from the Outer Banks to Raleigh Monday morning. Both had been arrested at previous rallies but said they felt they needed to be back at the capital again.
"I'm really concerned by what's going on in Raleigh and by the attitudes of the legislature," Willey said. "I want to live in a state that has good educational opportunities, has well-paid teachers, and clean drinking water. Education is valued in this state, and we're losing that. This is taking us backward."
Willey said the protests "give me a positive way to say how upset I am. I don't want to argue about politics, I don't want to fight with anybody. I want to do what's morally right."
Deborah Johnson saw their friend's posts on Facebook about Moral Mondays and decided they needed to be there, too.
"We may not all agree on the issues, but the fact remains [the legislators] did not ask us. It's like we don't matter," they said. "I guess they think we're all stupid and we're not seeing them and we're just going to sit back and not do anything, but I'm not sitting back."
Before the protests, the women went to Christian Faith Baptist Church, where the Rev. William Barber, the president of the North Carolina NAACP, led a training session on civil disobedience and instructed protesters on the finer points of getting arrested. But they also put the agenda of the North Carolina legislature, especially the new voter-ID laws, in what they saw as the context of history for their audience, which was mostly white.
"We know we are in a war for the ballot," they said. "Raleigh is our Selma. The general assembly is our Edmund Pettus Bridge."
Taking a page from the civil-rights protests of the 1960s, Barber has helped to orchestrate a choreographed ritual at Moral Mondays, in which more than 900 people have been led away in handcuffs so far after rallies outside the state capital.
I watched Monday's protest with Leonardo Williams, a 32-year-old schoolteacher from Durham, who said they had been to a dozen Moral Mondays to protest the cuts to education funding, reductions that they say will devastate the students he's worked their entire career to teach and mentor.
I spoke to Williams in a hallway as police began to arrest protesters in the building's atrium who wore green arm bands to signify that they planned to be arrested. But a young woman, another schoolteacher, walked quickly around a corner into the hallway where we stood. "I'm going!" they told a state-police officer, who had been following them They pointed their finger, first at them and then at the three of us. "Exit the premises or you will be arrested," they said as they walked toward us.
We looked at each other and headed for the doors. I'd always thought that in a moment like that, I might be a little more Norma Rae–meets–Erin Brockovich, but I really wasn't. And in truth, we all had our reasons for doing as we were told.
I had no intention of becoming a story when I was there to cover one. The young teacher was a mother of two children who needed dinner that night. Williams said they literally could not afford to be arrested after six years of pay freezes in the North Carolina public schools, coupled with rent that never did them the same favor.
But more than 70 people were arrested Monday at the capital, including Jeanette Ford, who had come from Durham to join the effort. "Others have stood up for me when I could not," they said. "This is a time I can stand up for others."
The House and Senate are scheduled to hold a final vote on the state budget this week. Moral Mondays continue next week.
A stand-off is taking place between the Greek government and the country's creditors that could end up with Greece defaulting on its debt, leaving the euro and even the EU itself. This would have very serious consequences both for the Greek people and the European and world economy. What is this leading to?
The country has debts of around €315 billion, the equivalent of 175% of GDP. In early May it has to make payments of €1 billion to the IMF. By the end of June it must make payments of €2.5billion and in July and August €6.7 billion of bonds held by the ECB mature. On top of this it needs to pay €1.7bn in wages and pensions before the end of April. Time is running out!
Under the second rescue package Greece was expecting to receive a final tranche of €7.2 billion, but this money has been held back as a way of blackmailing the Syriza government into buckling under and giving up on its promises of alleviating austerity for the Greek working people. The money will only be released if Syriza comes up with a package of further cuts, i.e. if it agrees to continue with the austerity measures put in place by the previous government.
The irony of the situation is that even if the government were to successfully get its creditors to release the €7.2 billion euros, this would only buy them time until after the summer. Then the whole drama would open up again, as more payments would become due and more demands would be placed on the government to cut spending and increase revenues.
Unpayable debt
Between 2010 and 2014 Greece received a total of €254.4 billion euros in the bailout packages. But €40.6 billion of this went on paying interest on the accumulated debt alone. A further €48.2 billion went to the banks on recapitalisation. In fact, only 5% of the total amount went into government cash needs. This debt has clearly become unpayable and all serious bourgeois analysts can see that. It is not a question of “if” but “when” Greece will eventually default.
So far the Syriza leaders have consoled themselves with the idea that “Europe” would never allow such an eventuality to become reality. Earlier this month Tsipras declared the following: “I am convinced that Europe of democratic traditions and the Enlightenment will not give in to the extreme voices of some, will not choose the path of an unethical and brutal financial blackmail but the path of bridging differences, the path of stability and mutual respect, and above all, the path to democracy, for the benefit of our common European future.”
Yanis VaroufakisThis is in line with the illusions of Tsipras's finance minister, Varoufakis, that it is possible to appeal to the rationality of at least a section of the bourgeoisie. This ignores completely what drives the capitalists, the quest for profit. European finance capital has put a lot of money into Greece and it wants to see a return on its investment. If it becomes abundantly clear that their money is lost and cannot be recovered, then at some point they will decide to cut their losses and run.
What has held them back from doing this so far has been the fear of contagion and the potential for a Greek default to become a European-wide crisis, both economically and politically. But that section of the capitalist class, especially in Germany, that is convinced of the need to let Greece sink is growing.
"Everything must be done to prevent" Greece from running out of money, Angel Merkel, the German Chancellor, said last week. "On the German side, we are prepared to provide all the support that is asked of us. But of course reforms must be done," they added. [Our emphasis] The German government is standing firm in its insistence that the Syriza government must abandon all promises of ending austerity. In particular they are insisting on further deregulation of the labour market and more cuts in pensions.
Tsipras is desperately hoping for some kind of compromise, and in one of their latest TV interviews they have stated that they believe an interim deal will be in place by 9 May. "I believe we are close. I believe that if no-one wants to undermine or torpedo [the talks] we are close to an accepted package," and added that there would be concessions on the part of the Greek government, such as the partial privatisation of the port of Piraeus and the leasing of 14 regional airports.
The recent reshuffle in the Greek negotiating team with the replacement of Varoufakis for Tsakalotos should be seen in this light. Tsakalotos is not only a man the capitalists describe as “soft-spoken” (meaning “amenable to compromise”) but also comes from the inner core of Syriza itself (as opposed to Varoufakis who is not a party member) and they would be better positioned to attempt to convince the party ranks of any compromise.
Which way for Syriza?
The point is that any concessions made now will only serve to prepare further concessions in the future when more loans will have to be negotiated, until Syriza is forced to give up completely on the programme it was elected on. In the end the government has only two options, either to surrender completely and renege on the mandate it was elected on or default on the debt.
The problem with the first option is that it would widen further the internal contradictions inside Syriza, where the Left is strong. It would prepare the ground even for a possible split of Syriza with the openly pro-capitalist right wing breaking with the Left and it would mean the end of the Syriza government. It would lead to disillusionment among the many who voted for the party, with a significant section being radicalised to the left and others looking to other parties, including on the right.
The second option would lead directly to a default, which would mean Greece being pushed out of the euro and even the EU itself, with the country having to return to the drachma. On a capitalist basis this would involve a huge collapse in the economy and continued suffering for the Greek masses, which would also rip Syriza apart in the process.
Consequences of exiting the euro
Bourgeois commentators have been looking at the consequences of such a scenario. The Independent posed the question in an article, Grexit: How likely is a Greek exit from the Euro and what would happen to the economy? Its answer? “An immediate financial crisis and a new, deep, recession. Without external financial support the country would have to default on its debts and, probably, start printing its own currency again in order to pay civil servants. Its banks would also lose access to funding from the European Central Bank.”
“To prevent these institutions collapsing Athens would have imposed controls on the movement of money out of the country. The international value of the new Greek currency would inevitably be much lower than the euro. That would mean an instant drop in living standards for Greeks as import prices spike. And if Greeks have foreign debts which they have to pay back in euros they will also be instantly worse off. There could be a cascade of defaults.”
The article goes on to look at the possibility that a weaker currency could make Greek exports cheaper and eventually lead to a recovery, but concludes that “this is highly uncertain.”
The reason for this is clear. It is not only Greece that is in crisis, but the whole of the European economy is stagnating and worldwide the economy is slowing down. In a contracting market the most productive and competitive survive, while the others go to the wall. Furthermore, if a Greek default leads to exit from the EU, Greece would also have less access to the wider European market. And having defaulted, it would have no access to credit.
An article that appeared in Forbes, Why Greek Exit From The Euro Would Be A Very Bad Idea, depicts the following nightmare scenario:
“The real risk is that a Greek sovereign default would render Greek banks' collateral worthless, making it impossible for them to obtain even emergency funding. This would technically bankrupt the Greek central bank and trigger disorderly collapse of the Greek banking system. (…) “The majority of Greek sovereign debt is held not by banks – even Greek ones – but by a range of EU institutions including the ECB, the EFSF and Eurozone governments through bilateral lending. And by the IMF. All of these institutions would lose substantial amounts of money if Greece defaulted on its debt. This would be the case whether or not Greek default was accompanied by exit from the Euro. (…) “When a sovereign defaults, the systemic shock transmits itself to others through the balance of payments channel as trade is abruptly truncated and capital flees. (…)It is particularly disastrous for those countries with the strongest trade links to the defaulter. In the case of Greece, that would be Eurozone countries, Russia and Middle Eastern oil and gas exporters.”
The writer then adds an interesting conclusion, “The Eurozone would also therefore suffer a sharp recession, as would its trade partners. Periphery countries such as Spain would find their green shoots of recovery squashed, their fiscal deficits rising again and their debt/gdp soaring. Further austerity to bring these down would no doubt be imposed, increasing public unrest and improving the electoral prospects of populist parties such as Podemos.”
Contagion – economic and political
As we said, the risk of contagion of the Greek crisis is not only economic, as we see from the above Forbes article, but also political. The behaviour of German and European finance capital cannot be explained solely by looking at the Greek economy. After all, Greek GDP represents no more than 2% of overall Eurozone GDP. They could quite easily afford to make more concessions to Greece. The problem is that any concession made to Greece would lead to countries like Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Italy demanding similar concessions and the latter two are much bigger economies, Italy being the third largest in the Eurozone, with a debt that makes Greece's problems look like peanuts.
The rise of Podemos in Spain, which the Forbes analyst touches on, is of concern to the serious strategists of capital. If Syriza is seen to be winning important concessions from the EU that would lead to an alleviation of austerity, this would enormously strengthen Podemos in Spain, which is seen as playing a similar role to Syriza. In turn, this could encourage the development of similar phenomena across Europe, and then the European capitalists would be facing a Europe-wide revolt against austerity and find themselves in an extremely unstable political situation.
The bourgeois require stable governments of either a conservative or “social-democratic” character. When the conservatives lose support after carrying out austerity they call in the B-team of social democracy to take their place and continue with the same austerity policies. But this system is breaking down. The social democracy has been involved in carrying out severe austerity measures and has begun to pay a heavy price for this. The collapse of the PASOK in Greece is the clearest example of this. But we also have the decline of the French Socialist Party, the Spanish PSOE, the complete collapse of the old Communist Party in Italy, and in Britain we see a Labour Party that is struggling to win enough support to defeat the Tories in the forthcoming elections.
The bourgeois are seeing a fragmentation of their political system. Where there were two major parties we are now beginning to see several parties emerging, rendering the task of governing society, which means imposing austerity while at the same time avoiding a revolt of the masses, ever more difficult.
European workers seeking way out
The masses of Europe are looking for a way of ending austerity and are prepared to vote for any credible political force that they perceive as being able or willing to do this. What it means is that the masses are seeking a way out of capitalism. They may not be fully conscious of this, but their opposition to the policies imposed by the capitalists puts them on a collision course with the system as a whole. In the long run it leads to the inevitable conclusion that what is required is a revolution to radically transform society.
The crisis in Greece shows precisely this. The masses want Syriza to carry out its programme and they hope that this can be achieved by negotiating firmly with the EU, the ECB and the IMF, opposing their draconian austerity measures, and getting the relief they yearn for. But they are in the process of learning that on the basis of capitalism there is no end to this austerity.
That is where the weakness of the Syriza leadership lies. They do not believe that the masses are capable of drawing revolutionary conclusions, and that is why they seek half-way measures and compromises. But there is no room for such compromises. The serious bourgeois believe that at most within one or two years Greece will be out of the euro anyway.
Once that happens Syriza must be capable of adopting the necessary measures, which will involve nationalising the whole of the Greek banking system, expropriating the oligarchs and using the wealth they presently hold in order to begin reconstructing the economy along socialist lines.
Staying within the EU and the euro on a capitalist basis means endless austerity and suffering for the Greek masses. Exiting the euro and the EU on a capitalist basis also opens up the road to economic collapse and a huge decline in living standards. The only real way out is to explain all this openly and honestly to the Greek masses and prepare the ground for a revolutionary movement towards a socialist transformation of society.
This morning while riding an empty train to work, I had a moment of revelation. While watching the empty train cars ahead of me turn and twist along the track, I couldn't help but notice how my own carriage felt perfectly stationary. Despite being attached to the same train, I could only see motion in the cars ahead of me.
I couldn't help but apply this analogy to motherhood, and how we tend to overlook our own failings but are quick to notice and judge others for theirs. What's worse, you don't even have to fail to be judged or criticized; you just need to be different.
I was first initiated into this world of holier than thou parenting when I was pregnant with my first child. I was sitting hunched over hugging a pillow across my bump, when I got ‘the look' from a friend. Seeing me clueless, they went on to explain that I had adopted a bad posture and was probably ‘smothering' my unborn child! I have since come to recognize that look, the most fertile grounds for it being supermarkets, playgrounds and airplanes.
Unbeknownst to us, when we become mothers we also birth some other undesirable things – guilt, judgment and fear among them. The lack of a village means, we constantly need others to validate our parenting views. If everyone is doing it, it must be right, parenting bandwagon effect.
There is something very communal about motherhood. Normal people who would otherwise respect social boundaries, feel compelled to that make unwanted and occasionally snide remarks and give unsolicited advice. It starts with the pregnancy when your growing belly suddenly becomes public property for all to touch and ‘pet' when they like. These unwelcome gestures are also accompanied by constant judgement about your skills as a mother.
Forget about following your heart just follow the herd! Forget about finding your maternal instincts, find safety in numbers! Sadly, even doing all of this doesn't guarantee you'll be free of disapproval. It's a bit like this situation below, with this man and woman and their donkey.
While friends, family and strangers on the road are the most common offenders, the Internet has taken these mommy battles to a completely new level. It usually starts with a controversial post by a mom on some sensitive topic. Most of it is simply clickbaiting. Once the collective gasp has died down, the rebuttals and open letters begin. Yes, #firstworldmommyproblems!
The most popular of these online face-offs was the “Dear Mom on the iPhone series” with a number of articles and rebuttals from different camps of sanctimommies; each viewpoint dripping with sarcasm and full of generalizations about other people's lives. Interestingly, what bothered me most was how discriminatory this was to us Samsung mums! Another case in Singapore was that of a disgruntled man complaining about heavy stroller traffic in malls, and this witty response to it. This mum uses the same donkey analogy quite poignantly, along with other hilarious memes to make them point.
The TIME magazine controvercial cover and title ‘Are You Mom Enough?' was spurned by half a dozen articles and blog posts. Ditto for the Wall Street Journal's piece about French parents being superior. The moral high ground is getting seriously overcrowded!
The best way to vaccinate yourself from others criticisms is not to hold judgement about yourself. It would bother you less if someone were to make a remark about something you do with absolute conviction. Accepting ourselves as the perfect imperfect parents is the first step to getting off the judgement train.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Maribor is Slovenia's second city
Slovenia's two most senior Catholic clerics have resigned over a financial scandal said to have cost the Church up to 800m euros (£700m; $1bn).
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of the Archbishop of Ljubljana, Anton Stres, and the Archbishop of Maribor, Marjan Turnsek.
They resigned under rules for bishops who "become unsuited for fulfilment" for their office, the Vatican said.
The archdiocese of Maribor suffered the losses on investments in businesses.
When news of the losses broke in 2011, Maribor's previous Archbishop, Franc Kramberger, resigned.
Both of the current archbishops were involved in Maribor's finances but face no allegations of criminal misconduct, the Associated Press news agency reports.
Pope Francis has preached against waste, financial or otherwise, since becoming head of the Church earlier this year.
Buffalo Bills safety Jairus Byrd shed some light on the foot injury that has caused them to miss time since signing their franchise tender.
Byrd said Sunday they had a second opinion on their foot after dealing with plantar fasciitis.
The safety added he's been working "as much as my body can endure" to return to the field.
Bills coach Doug Marrone said Byrd didn't participate fully in practice Sunday and is unsure of their status heading into next week's season opener against the New England Patriots.
The fifth-year pro has been mum about their injury since signing their tender. Byrd had been looking for a contract that would make them the highest-paid safety in the NFL.
The nature of a plantar fasciitis injury puts their return to the field up in the air. A lingering injury is the last thing Byrd could have hoped for as they seek to prove he's worth a big contract next season.
The "Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
Kurds are not Turks nor Arabs.
As You already know I come from Poland and every single day I see how hard for Europeans it is to see the difference.
Everyday, in the news, we hear about the Kurds and Peshmerga, however, not really many of audience realize who the Kurds really are.
A few days ago I even heard voices of concern that the Kurds, after defeating ISIS, will try to take control over the Arab countries next to Kurdistan, and then Europe, and then probably the world.
Well the Arab countries are the last thing the Kurds wish to have 🙂
What could I answer.
It made me a little bit angry that people are able to have such an abstract and ridiculous thoughts in their heads.
And sometimes it is very hard to explain that the Kurds do not equal ISIS, that the Kurds do not equal in 100% Muslims, they do not equal Arabs and so on.
Kurds are also Christians, Yazidis, Jewish, Alevis and even Atheists.
The Kurds are not Arabs, Turks etc. !!
The Kurds are the Kurds same as Polish people are not Russians – even though still many people see no difference as I am very often called Russian
You have to remember that Kurds are the separate nation and never ever compare them with Arabs or Turks.
So who are the Kurds ?
A study of mitochondrial DNA found that Kurds, same as Armenians, show a high incidence of mtDNA U5 lineages, which are common among Europeans, although rare elsewhere in the Near East.
The sample of Kurds in this study came from northwest Iran and northeast Iraq, where Kurds usually predominate.
Same studies say that Kurds are very similar to Jews.
And here I have the most important message to all of my friends all around the world who still think that the Kurds are the Arabs.
Most of my friends, who have never ever met a Kurd, think that all of the Kurds are dark-skinned and have brown eyes and hair – that “Arab look”.
Yes, the majority is like that after years of conquests and trying to “delete” Kurdish identity via forcing Kurdish women to marry Arab or Turkish men.
But who of you, my friends, really know that in Kurdistan You can also meet blondes and redhead people?
And this is pretty shocking fact for many, because they think that Kurds have only “Arab look” and they put all of the Near-East countries into one box.
Well not really 🙂
Kurdish people are part of Indo-European gro up .
Even more, the word Aryan itself, is the term that drives from the old Kurdish word.
Nowadays, the word “Aryan” has been replaced by “Indo-Iranian” or “Indo-European”, and is now mostly limited.
And here You have to be very careful about what you consider Aryan as !
No, it has nothing to do with World War. Don't link it to some sick Hitler's ideology because the Aryan race simply concerned the people of European and Western Asian heritage. They all belong into Indo-European group.
The Indo-European language and culture spread in several stages from the Proto-Indo-European Eurasian homeland into western Europe, central Asia and India.
I don't say Kurds come from Aryans because of rare blondes and blue eyed 🙂 They come from Aryans because Aryan is the same thing as Indo-European.
(No, nothing to do with “white race”).
In Kurdistan You can simply meet a lot of blondes and even redhead persons with a lot of freckles 🙂
So multicultural, multi-religious, and so on …
But still so tolerant.
BIJI KURDISTAN !
A new skyscraper, set to tower above the Gherkin and the Leadenhall building, is changing the game for modern workspaces.
Twentytwo, or 22 Bishopsgate, will contain workspace for up to 12,000 people, as well as the city's first ever climbing window. Climbing holds will be installed directly to the inner face of the skyscraper's exterior wall, situated 125 metres from the ground — meaning employees will be able to work on their inner core whilst admiring stunning views of the city.
Besides the wall, Twentytwo will also have a fresh food market, a wellbeing retreat and spa, London's highest free public viewing gallery, and an ‘art walk' on the ground floor.
This innovative concept stemmed from the major changes in the way people live and work, caused by various cultural, demographical and technological advances. The designers, PLP Architecture, imagined somewhere they would love to work, and ultimately created a building that we'd all desperately love to work in. It's designed to increase productivity, wellness and engagement and, as it turns out, the odd stroll to Pret just isn't quite enough. As a matter of fact, a climbing window is exactly what we're missing…
Oh but by the way, don't be too eager with the climbing gear, Twentytwo isn't due to be completed until 2019.
This War of Mine is a war survival video game developed and published by the Polish game development company 11 bit studios.[3] The game, inspired by the 1992–96 Siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War, differs from most war-themed video games by focusing on the civilian experience of war rather than frontline combat. Characters have to make many difficult decisions in order to survive everyday dangers. There are various endings for each character, depending on the decisions made in the game. This War of Mine was released for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux in November 2014. The Android port was released in July 14, 2015, followed by the iOS port on the following day (July 15).[4] An expansion pack called This War of Mine: The Little Ones was released for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on January 29, 2016,[2] and on June 1, 2016 for Windows. A version of the game that includes all the content entitled This War Of Mine: Complete Edition was released for the Nintendo Switch on November 27, 2018.[5]
Gameplay [ edit ]
This War of Mine is a survival-themed strategy game where the player controls a group of civilian survivors in a makeshift shelter in the besieged, war-torn fictional city of Pogoren, Graznavia. The main goal of the game is to survive the war with the tools and materials the player can gather with the characters they control. Most of the characters under the player's control have no military background nor any kind of survival experience, and will require constant intervention by the player in order to stay alive. It is the player's responsibility to maintain their characters' health, hunger and mood levels until the declaration of a ceasefire, which occurs after a randomized duration.
During the daytime, hostile snipers will prevent the survivors from venturing outside, thereby offering the player time to craft tools from gathered materials, trade, upgrade the shelter, cook food and heal the survivors. At night, the player is given the opportunity to venture out and scavenge nearby areas for valuable resources for their everyday survival. During their excursions, the player-controlled survivors can encounter other NPC survivors of the war, who they can choose to help with gifts of food or medicine, or rob and kill. The player can also build a radio inside their shelter, which will provide useful information such as weather warnings, updates on the city's economy and news of the ongoing war effort to help the player plan appropriate shelter upgrades and scavenging missions.[6]
The player starts off with one to four survivors whose actions the player can affect. The actions the player makes will change the type of endings each survivor has. Each character has one or two traits that helps/hinders the player, besides hidden, varying stats that affect combat, movement speed, and so on. Some traits are useful during certain days while others are useful all the time. For example, one character named Bruno has a trait called "Good Cook", which helps the player use less fuel and water when cooking meals. There are a total of 12 playable characters.[7] The Little Ones DLC includes the possibility of adding an extra, a child survivor, that can not defend him/herself or perform any of the tasks needed to maintain the shelter at first. In addition, the child survivor must be given constant attention to prevent it from being depressed, but can be taught by the other survivors to perform small chores like cooking, filtering water or growing crops, and once bonding with an adult, it can sleep with them in the same bed at night, dispensing the need of a separate bed for both.
Development [ edit ]
The game was inspired by the poor living conditions and wartime atrocities that Bosnian civilians endured during the 1992–96 Siege of Sarajevo, the longest city siege since World War II.[8] In November 2014, unlicensed copies of the game were made available online. The developer's response was to post a number of working Steam keys, encouraging downloaders to share them with friends, and buy the game if their financial situation allowed.[9]
A scenario editor was added into the game through update 1.3, which will allow players to create and select survivors. The editor also allows environmental conditions and the length of conflicts to be changed.[10]
Player-created content was released freely via the Steam Workshop as of update 2.0.[11]
To celebrate the game's third anniversary, 11 bit Studios released the first of three story-driven DLC's; Fathers Promise on November 14, 2017. The second story DLC, The Last Broadcast, was released on November 14, 2018.
In November 2018, 11 bit studios announced This War Of Mine: Complete Edition exclusively for the Nintendo Switch, releasing later the same month. This version compiles all the content in a single package, including the original base game, the Anniversary Edition content, The Little Ones, and its episodic DLC follow-ups Fathers Promise, The Last Broadcast, and a third episode.[5] A physical retail version of the game will be available in Europe for the Nintendo Switch on its worldwide launch day, courtesy of Deep Silver.[12]
Reception [ edit ]
The iOS version of This War of Mine received "universal acclaim", while the PC and console versions received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.[31][32][33][34]
The Digital Fix gave the PC version nine out of ten and said, "Whether you choose to perceive it through a moral lens or not, there's a great tactical survival mechanic driving this game beneath the didactics. Although the events it depicts are depressing to contemplate at length, I found myself coming back again and again to try and get it right somehow, beat the odds, and save my people."[35] The same website also gave the PlayStation 4 version of The Little Ones eight out of ten and said, "While better on PC, the PS4 release brings this remarkable game to a new crowd."[36] 411Mania gave the Xbox One version 8.5 out of 10 and said that it was "not a game I will recommend if you like settling down for a visceral experience, or earning XP, or shooting stuff dead. It's not fast paced. It's not much fun to actually play. It'll make you feel terrible about your actions at almost every turn. But in spite of all that, there is something so essential about this gaming experience that I urge you to give this game a try."[37] Digital Spy gave the PC version four stars out of five and said that the "earnest human touch keeps This War of Mine compelling even when you mess up and the rubble all comes tumbling down around you, leaving you just enough hope for the next attempt that you'll dive back in and endure it all again."[28] Metro UK gave the PS4 version seven out of ten and called it "A daring, and largely successful, attempt to show the civilian side of war, that succeeds as an interactive drama even when it occasionally fails as a game."[38] However, Slant Magazine gave the same console version two stars out of five and said that the game "seems interested only in presenting a near-pornographic level of human despair in a warped attempt at edifying players."[29]
The game reportedly made back its development costs in its first two days for sale.[39]
A Cooperative board game version was released in 2017 by Galakta in cooperation with 11-bit studios.[40]
Share. Brad Pitt surprises at a sneak peek screening to launch their zombie opus. Brad Pitt surprises at a sneak peek screening to launch their zombie opus.
Last night, word leaked to me that a special screening of Brad Pitt's zombie movie World War Z was taking place in Hoboken, New Jersey. This was to be the first public showing of the movie anywhere, so I decided to trek all the way to the Garden State to check out Mr. Pitt and director Marc Forster's take on the undead.
Read the Full World War Z Review Here
And you know what? It was totally worth the trip.
Paramount isn't ready for reviews of the film to run, but I can write this short reaction piece. (Update: You can now read the full review here.) As I noted on Twitter last night, World War Z is a big, solid zombie movie. Its globe-spanning story and reams and heaving mountains of ghouls give it a scope that I don't think any film in this genre has seen before. We've come a long way from having to hole up in a farmhouse to fend off the living dead.
Fans will recall that the film wound up in the spotlight during its production when it had to undergo reshoots and, reportedly, required its ending to be rewritten by Damon Lindelof (Star Trek Into Darkness, Lost). But any troubles World War Z faced behind the scenes aren't readily apparent in the final product. It's not a perfect movie, but it is often intense and engrossing, and the crowd at the screening last night really seemed to dig it (special thanks must go to the girl sitting behind me, or kicked my seat and screamed every time a zombie popped out!).
Exit Theatre Mode
Not surprisingly, while the film is based on Max Brooks' novel, it deviates significantly from it. And that's fine, as long as fans of the WWZ tome understand that going in. This version of the tale is a Brad Pitt thriller that happens to be set in a world of zombies, one crafted around the star and their character. I've read the book and enjoyed it, but I enjoyed the movie in a different way altogether.
Our full review will run closer to World War Z's June 21 release, but for now, zombie fans can feel relieved…
Talk to Senior Editor Scott Collura on Twitter at @ScottIGN, on IGN at scottcollura and on Facebook.
THE TOP 14 pre-season got underway last night with Pau's 41-12 victory over Pro D2 outfit Angoulême.
The French top tier kicks off in just over three weeks' time, so we've rounded up all the major incoming transfers in the Top 14 this summer.
Bayonne
Having returned to the Top 14 thanks to a promotion play-off final win over Jeremy Davidson's Aurillac, Bayonne have signed former All Blacks lock Tom Donnelly from Montpellier.
Beattie has moved to Bayonne. Source: Inpho/Billy Stickland
 They are joined by compatriot Tanerau Latimer, who brings a wealth of Super Rugby experience and five All Black caps of their own to the back row.
Scotland international number eight Johnny Beattie has made the move from Castres, while 50-times capped Italy tighthead Lorenzo Cittadini comes on board from Wasps.
Former Wales international prop Ben Broster adds further to the front-row options, as do Samoa hooker Manu Leiataua - signed from Aurillac – and 24-year-old Georgian prop Davit Khinchagishvili, who joins from Racing 92.
Bordeaux
Ian Madigan is the marquee signing for UBB this summer and it will be fascinating to follow the Ireland international's time in France. 25-year-old Wallabies-capped lock Luke Jones is another who should add notable quality.
Also keen to aid Bordeaux's league and European campaigns – UBB are in the same pool as Ulster in the Champions Cup - are Moldovan international prop Vadim Cobîlaș, formerly of Sale, and scrum-half Julien Audy, who has signed from La Rochelle.
Madigan in UBB's 'atlantique' alternate jersey.
Brive
After a positive season that saw Brive finish eighth in the Top 14, they have brought in the 30-year-old lock Julien Le Devedec, now a France international, from Bordeaux.
Joining them in the Corrèze region are dynamic fullback Benjamin Lapeyre from Racing 92 and former Fiji Sevens international Seremaia Burotu, who comes on board from Biarritz.
19-year-old Georgian scrum-half Vasil Lobzhanidze is an interesting recruit. They became the youngest player ever to appear in a World Cup match last year and has already established themselves at senior Test level. They also played against Ireland in the World Rugby U20 Championship in June.
Castres
Castres have recruited extensively ahead of a season that will see them compete in the same Champions Cup pool as Leinster, with France international lock Loïc Jacquet and prop Daniel Kötze among the new faces.
31-year-old Argentina wing Horacio Agulla joins from Bath, with Tonga international back row Steve Mafi signing from the Western Force and South African centre Robert Ebersohn making the move from Montpellier.
Maama Vaipulu has looked good in the Chiefs' back row in Super Rugby, while former Brumbies and Rebels wing Afusipa Taumoepeau joins from Albi.
South African hooker Jody Jenneker is a good signing from relegated Oyonnax, as Germany prop Damien Tussac signs from Montauban and wing Pierre Bérard joins from Montpellier.
Clermont
Lamerat signs from Castres. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
The Auvergne-based club – Champions Cup pool opponents for Ulster – have limited their incoming transfer business to three new summer signings, with France international centre Rémi Lamerat among them.
Former Wallabies lock Sitaleki Timani makes the move from Montpellier, while 18-times capped Wales prop Aaron Jarvis arrives from the Ospreys as their compatriot Jonathan Davies returns to the Scarlets.
Grenoble
With Bernard Jackman having taken over as director of rugby, the signing of Aly Muldowney from Connacht looks a clever one. The 32-year-old lock is ideally suited to how FCG want to play the game.
Experienced scrum-half David Mélé joins from Toulouse to add further leadership, while Sisa Waqa is an exciting proposition for the club's supporters.
Jackman has lured the 30-year-old into union from rugby league, where Waqa was a Fiji international and a prolific try scorer for the Melbourne Storm and Canberra Raiders. Their finishing ability could be important this season.
La Rochelle
All Blacks number eight Victor Vito is the big-name signing for La Rochelle, who finished ninth last season, while 34-year-old Brock James will add experience at out-half.
Vito has signed for La Rochelle. Source: Photosport/Andrew Cornaga/INPHO
24-year-old South African centre Paul Jordaan, a former U20 international, has signed from the Sharks, while La Rochelle have also captured the highly-promising scrum-half/fullback Arthur Retière from Racing. The 18-year-old is already an U20 and 7s international for France.
Prop Mohamed Boughanmi arrives from Toulon, experienced France 7s international Steeve Barry returns to the club, and 23-year-old hooker Jérémie Maurouard has also joined.
Lyon
Runaway Pro D2 champions last season, Lyon are intent on making their mark on the top flight in 2016/17.
With head coach Pierre Mignoni taking advantage of their Toulon ties, Frédéric Michalak joins, as do fullback Delon Armitage, France prop Alexandre Menini, back row Virgile Bruni, and promising centre Théo Belan.
Springbok lock Franco Mostert is an excellent signing from the Lions, although they appear to have some regrets about opting to leave their homeland, while 22-year-old Australian back row Curtis Browning signs from the Reds.
Adding further South Hemisphere influence is Kiwi lock Josh Bekhuis, from the Blues, and 10-times Wallabies capped out-half/fullback Mike Harris, a reliable kicker.
Delon Armitage is among Lyon's signings this summer. Source: Inpho/Billy Stickland
Far from limiting themselves, Lyon have also signed hooker Mickaël Ivaldi from Montpellier, veteran Kiwi prop Karena Wihongi from Castres, Argentina international prop Francisco Gómez Kodela from Bordeaux, powerful All Blacks-capped wing Rudi Wulf from Castres, and Samoan international lock Maselino Paulino from the Scarlets.
Montpellier
Jake White's Montpellier machine won the Challenge Cup and reached the Top 14 semi-finals last season, and are now intent on further growth. Leinster are Champions Cup pool opponents.
Fijian giant Nemani Nadolo will add major firepower after signing from the Crusaders, as will Wallabies wing Joe Tomane, who leaves the Brumbies to come to France.
France international centre Alexandre Dumoulin is an excellent addition from Racing 92, while Kiwi out-half Ben Botica comes in from Harlequins. Wings Vincent Martin and Joffrey Michel join from Toulon and Perpignan, respectively.
Antoine Guillamon adds depth to the propping stocks, while Georgian international lock Konstantin Mikautadze brings a bruising presence from Toulon.
Leinster may have to stop Nadolo in their tracks. Source: Photosport/John Davidson/INPHO
It wouldn't be White without a pair of South African signings, of course, with 34-year-old Springboks-capped hooker Tiaan Liebenberg and former Baby Boks lock Nico Janse van Rensburg joining the mini-diaspora in Montpellier.
Pau
The Irish trio of James Coughlan, Paddy Butler and Sean Dougall have considerable competition for places at Pau this season after an influx of back rows.
Former England international Steffon Armitage has signed from Toulon, ex-Wallabies number eight Ben Mowen comes in from Montpellier, the mobile Pierrick Gunther joins from Oyonnax, and France-capped Ibrahim Diarra moves from Castres.
Heavyweight prop Malik Hamadache signs on from Albi, while former France scrum-half Julien Tomas brings experience from Stade Français. Lock Fabrice Metz, capped by France this summer, joins from Racing.
The capture of three-times capped All Black out-half/fullback Tom Taylor from Toulon could prove to be an important move as Pau look to shift up the table after an 11th-placed finish last season.
Racing 92
The reigning champions, who secured the 2015/16 title with only 14 men for the majority of the final against Toulon, have lured the most exciting player in the Pro12 to France this summer.
To offload king has pitched up in Paris. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Fiji international Leone Nakarawa joins from Glasgow Warriors for what is believed to be a weighty fee, the lock having had a year left to run on their contract in Scotland.
Irish scrum-half James Hart joins Nakarawa at the Parisian club, having shifted up from Grenoble – also despite having a year left on their contract.
Six-times capped former All Blacks wing/centre Anthony Tuitavake comes on board from Montpellier, as Samoan international prop Viliamu Afatia shifts up from Agen.
Intriguingly, Racing have convinced 35-year-old ex-New Zealand and Toulon lock Ali Williams to come out of retirement to play for them this season, while South African lock Gerbrandt Grobler - nearing the end of a two-year suspension from rugby after testing positive for drostanolone in 2014 – has also signed.
Racing are part of Munster's Champions Cup pool.
Stade Français
Despite a deeply-disappointing 2015/16 season that saw the Parisians finish 12th, a year after being crowned Top 14 champions, head coach Gonzalo Quesada is keeping faith with the same playing squad.
The only new addition is Fijian wing Alipate Ratini, who was sacked by Grenoble in 2015 due to misconduct.
Toulon
Following their first trophy-less season since 2012/13, Mourad Boudjellal is hoping to see Toulon return to glory in the forthcoming campaign.
Trinh-Duc replaces the departed Quade Cooper. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
France out-half François Trinh-Duc is an interesting addition from Montpellier, their home club, while Pierre Bernard provides another out-half option after joining from Bordeaux.
Wallabies flanker Liam Gill should prove an effective addition on the openside, while Japan fullback Ayumu Goromaro brings lots of profile with them from the Reds.
Springboks locking pair Marcel van der Merwe and Juandré Kruger will add grunt to the pack, while 22-year-old South African back row Aidon Davis comes on board from the Kings.
Finally, 35-year-old Vincent Clerc moves from Toulouse to sample the delights of the Côte d'Azur.
Toulouse
After a quiet three years with Castres, Scotland lock Richie Gray will hope that joining Toulouse – Connacht's Champions Cup pool opponents – on a four-year deal brings success in France.
Explosive France wing Sofiane Guitoune, Italy international hooker Leonardo Ghiraldini, and Samoa back row Piula Faʻasalele have all joined.
Fiji tighthead Manasa Saulo moves to la Ville Rose, while Portugal international scrum-half Samuel Marques is another new face. South African prop Maks van Dyk, who had a spell at Leinster in 2014/15, signs from the Cheetahs.
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
There has been a slight break in the ranks of Republicans on the network neutrality reg rollback.
Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) wrote FCC chairperson Ajit Pai Tuesday (Dec. 12) to ask them to delay a vote on rolling back net neutrality regs.
Thx to everyone who has contacted me in regards to #NetNeutrality. Below is the letter I sent to Chairman @AjitPaiFCC today to ensure the continuation of a free and open #internet. pic.twitter.com/oKqh7lxaLI — Rep. Mike Coffman (@RepMikeCoffman) December 12, 2017
Democrats in large numbers have been calling on the chairperson to delay or cancel the vote, but Republicans have been cheering the move, while adding that network neutrality must be preserved and that Congress should step in and settle the debate by clarifying the FCC's network neutrality regulatory authority.
"I am concerned that any action you may take to alter the rules under which it functions may well have significant unanticipated negative consequences, Coffman wrote. "Therefore, I urge you to delay your upcoming vote..."
Coffman says that Pai should hold off and let Congress hold hearings and come up with permanent legislation to protect an open internet. They said they believed Congress can find the right balance of light touch authority and openness.
The tone of the letter was cordial. Coffman said they looked forward to working with Pai on a permanent legislative solution.
So far that solution has run up against Democrats, who have said it needs to be based in Title II, and Republicans who say that is a nonstarter.
Related: Senate Dems to Pai: Abandon Reckless 'Net Dereg Plan
Pai has signaled that vote is a go for Dec. 14, at which time Republican FCC members are expected to reclassify ISPs under Title II non-common carrier authority, and roll back the prohibitions on blocking, throttling and paid prioritization.
Bobby Zamora has claimed "the vast majority" of Fulham's squad do not get on with Martin Jol, suggesting that was partly behind the exodus of players from the club.
Zamora left Craven Cottage in January to join Queens Park Rangers, one of several departures under Jol this year. The striker reportedly fell out with their former manager over a lack of game time and they have now claimed they were not the only one to have a problem with the Dutchman.
Asked whether they felt the trend of high-profile exits was due to an issue in the squad, the 31-year-old told the Evening Standard: "Yes. I left because I didn't see eye-to-eye with Martin Jol.
"I think that is the case with the vast majority of players there now. A lot of the lads aren't happy. But that's that. There were a few bits and pieces but we just didn't see eye-to-eye."
Mousa Dembélé, Dickson Etuhu, Andrew Johnson, Danny Murphy and Clint Dempsey were among the players to leave Fulham this summer and Zamora did not say if any of them had also fallen out with Jol.
Fulham have refused to comment on Zamora's claims.
OAKLAND COUNTY, MI - A couple in their 60s were bound with zip ties by four male suspects who threatened to set them on fire during a home invasion in Independence Township.
Deputies with the Oakland County Sheriff's Office responded around 1 a.m. Friday, Dec. 1 to the 7000 block of Chipmunk Hollow off Dixie Highway (M-24) for a report of a home invasion.
A 63-year-old Holly Township resident told police they were watching television with their girlfriend, a 64-year-old Independence Township woman, in the basement of the home when four suspects wearing ski masks ran down the basement stairs.
Brandishing firearms, the suspects zip-tied the couple's wrists and ankles while demanding money. The suspects also poured gasoline on the victims and threatened to set them on fire if they did not give them money.
Approximately $7,200 in cash was taken by the suspects from a closet at the home before fleeing the scene.
The male victim previously owned a marijuana dispensary and believed the home invasion was related to the business, police said.
They were repeatedly kicked in the rib cage during the home invasion and taken to a local hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries.
An Oakland County Sheriff's Office K-9 unit responded and established a track that was later terminated when it was determined by law enforcement officials the suspects had left the area, possibly in a white van.
The incident has been turned over to detectives with the Oakland County Sheriff's Office for additional investigation.
"You said 'free-to-play', but I never said free-to-play; I never said free-to-play once. I said, 'you can download the game for free'. That has always been our attitude."
There's nothing quite like the term "free-to-play" to get a developer suitably riled up. But despite what Slightly Mad Studios' creative director Andy Tudor says, it's hard to think of the studio's self-proclaimed racing MMO World Of Speed as anything but. It's a free, online-only game buoyed up by paid upgrades and microtransactions that I'm told will "potentially" speed up your progress through the game. So far, so free-to-play then.
Still, you can understand Tudor's reservations: not even console racing games have managed to escape the frustrating progression times of the free-to-play business model, despite a hefty up front cost. But there's hope for World Of Speed. For starters, it's being released on PC, and when it comes to free-to-play games, the PC does it right. That's not say World Of Speed will, but from speaking to Tudor, it's clear the success of games like Dota 2, League Of Legends, and Team Fortress 2 have had an impact on the studio.
"We're not going to put any content behind a paywall, because that's completely obvious, and we saw that with other racing games on mobile that got a bit more flack," Tudor told me. "And we certainly don't want you to go into a game where you feel like you're at a disadvantage because somebody else has paid, because that is pay to win. Both things are obvious: do it fair, and don't ever let the player feel like they're being cheated because someone has paid; it's not rocket science. You can go all the way through the entire game to the highest level without spending a penny at all."
"Both things are obvious: do it fair, and don't ever let the player feel like they're being cheated because someone has paid; it's not rocket science."
As for the MMO part of World Of Speed, don't get your hopes up for an open-world epic. This is a street circuit-based racer, albeit one that has a focus on team-based events and competition. The idea is that players will be able to create and join clubs with others, and that for every event they take part in, points are awarded to their club. Teams that dominate at certain circuits will then be awarded a clubhouse there, complete with unique items for customising their cars, and the option to take part in the Territory Wars minigame (which, sadly, I wasn't shown).
The idea of a team-based online racer isn't new--Ubisoft's upcoming The Crew and Sony's Driveclub are taking a stab at it, for instance--but World Of Speed is throwing all sorts of incentives into the mix to keep players from trying to go it alone. For one, a podium finish isn't the only way to earn experience points. Performing tricks and drifts during a race will rack up the XP, as will performing defensive blocks on the opposition in order to secure safe passage for a teammate.
Car types and upgrades will prove important too. Some players may opt for a larger, slightly slower car in order to provide an aggressive role in races and take out other drivers, while others may trick their cars out for speed in order to take the win. It's a tricky balance, though, and once the game launches it'll be interesting to see just how many players will be willing to take a back seat. Indeed, the laps I took around the visually impressive London street circuit weren't quite the chummy drives I'd envisaged, with each member of the team tending to just go for a podium place with little regard for their team member's progress.
This was a simple circuit race event, though, and while little was revealed of other race types, I did catch a tantalising glimpse of Destruction Derby during a presentation slide. Perhaps those other modes (along with some like-minded individuals to play with) will encourage better teamwork. As for the racing itself, World Of Speed leans very much towards the arcade. It was little trouble to sling a car around a hairpin bend at speed, or indulge in some wildly ambitious drifts without careering head first into a tire wall, while a nitro boost proved useful for some mean-spirited ramming. The racing and braking lines on the circuit did seem a tad superfluous, to say the least.
I'd love to say that it was all tremendous fun, but the racing felt more serviceable than it did stimulate, Hopefully the final game will feature more in the way of clear, interesting objectives than the early demo did. Still, when World Of Racing does launch, players can expect plenty of improvements post-release. That other aspect of free-to-play games--the constant stream of updates and fixes--is how the studio envisages the game evolving in the future.
"I guess the main differentiation is that it's not a console game with five packs of DLC", Tudor told me. "It is not a PC game that we support via Steam and things like that. It is its own thing that's hopefully going to be around for a long time to come... it's a platform, if you want to think of it that way. The launch title will be the core, and then we're going to continuously expand that with new cars, new tracks, new games types, new features, new upgrades, new gameplay modes, all that kind of stuff. It is a long term strategy."
It's a big promise, attached to a similarly big free-to-play gamble. Ultimately, World Of Speed is a game that's attempting what so many others have tried and failed to do: to make a racing game with the long life and community of a top shooter or MMO. That's a mighty big task, and one that's going to need more than just some shiny cars and striking tracks. The Slightly Mad Studios team have definitely got the right idea, let's just hope there's more substance to its grand ambitions when we next see it in action before its release later this year.
Oh, and if you're wondering what's happening with Slightly Mad Studios' other, less arcade-style game--the community developed Project CARS--I'm told that it's "still on target" for a November release.
A UI component for picking a color from arbitrary 256 color palettes
This is a simple, flexible color-picker widget. It has no dependencies (not even on jQuery), so it's easy to just plug in and use. It weighs less than 3kb of combined JS & CSS once minified and gzipped.
Since it exposes itself via the UMD exports format, it will comply with whatever module loading system you're using. If you're not using one, it will expose a global called EightBitColorPicker .
Install
You can of course go through the old-school copy/pasta routine, but here's the incantation to pull this in using Bower:
bower install --save eight-bit-color-picker
And for those that prefer component:
component install bilalq/eight-bit-color-picker
Use
<div class= "eight-bit-color-picker" ></div>
EightBitColorPicker . detect ()
And voila:
Customize
This widget is easy to customize and extend.
You can set default colors (these stay blue and green even after a refresh):
Or even change the color palette entirely:
Check out the docs for more details.
The Lutzen was carrying a cargo of frozen blueberries when it sank in 1939.
Shifting sands off the coast of Orleans have revealed the wreck of The Lutzen, a British freighter that ran aground in 1939 while carrying a load of frozen blueberries, killing one crew member as those aboard scrambled to save the cargo in an ill-fated effort to right the 135-foot ship.
Researchers have long had records of the spot where the so-called “Blueberry Boat” sank just 400 feet off Nauset Beach on Cape Cod. But the swirling tides covered the wreck in sand decades ago, preventing any detailed examination of the site.
Now, seasonal changes to sand and surf have combined with beach erosion to uncover the doomed vessel, according to Victor Mastone, the director of the state Board of Underwater Archaeological Resources.
Advertisement
“Sometimes, I wait for storms and bad weather to uncover things, because that's usually when something new shows up,” they said. “It's an interesting wreck. Even if you can't visit it, if we can pluck enough data, then we can create a virtual visit.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
American Underwater Search & Survey, which is working to monitor the shipwreck, said in a statement that officials expect the wreckage to become increasingly exposed. The story was first reported in the Cape Cod Times this week.
The Lutzen was on a voyage from Canada to New York when it went down on Feb. 3, 1939. The captain misjudged the location of the shoreline, according to the search and survey group, and one crew member died as the ship was pushed aground.
The Boston Daily Globe reported on the shipwreck, detailing the loss of the crew member, as well as the Coast Guard's rescue of six others.
The Globe reported: “It was believed the decision of the captain to abandon ship indicated it was in danger of breaking up.”
Advertisement
The more than 200 tons of blueberries from Canada were saved, Mastone said. They were quickly unloaded in an effort to reduce the weight aboard the vessel. However, this only made things worse, and caused the boat to tip.
“Once you unload it, it's not balanced,” Mastone said. “Its weight and displacement have changed and it just turned.”
After the vessel fell on its side, crew members and helpers gave up any hope of floating it and abandoned it in the sand, Mastone said. Over the next several years, the sand would cover the remnants of the vessel.
“We don't plan on removing it or anything. That's very costly, with not much benefit,” Mastone said. “We're going to try to keep documenting it out in the field. We'll do an additional side scan, so it can give us some of the details about how the wreck is doing.”
Mastone said the groups are really just hoping to learn more about the wreck, which is estimated to be one of more than 3,500 along the Massachusetts coast.
Advertisement
“When we find out about shipwrecks, we usually don't have that much information,” Mastone said. “But we have a name and precise location for this one so we can monitor it pretty easily.”
Olivia Quintana can be reached at olivia.quintana@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @oliviasquintana
The Taste of Thai Town Opens - Finally View Full Caption
ALBANY PARK — The extreme makeover of the old police station in Albany Park is finally finished as acclaimed chef Arun Sampanthavivat is set to open their long-awaited second Thai restaurant.
The station, built in 1938, is now the Taste of Thai Town — complete with a Hindu god statue outside — after years of delay and fanfare.
The chef's business partner, Sunny Leon, and project manager, Tom Chirote Chia-Sriwong, say the police-station-turned-restaurant at 4461 N. Pulaski Ave. will offer casual Thai and Asian dining, in contrast to the award-winning upscale Arun's at 4156 N. Kedzie Ave., famous for its unique tastes, daily changing multicourse formal meals and gold leaf artwork.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony at 11 a.m. Friday is open to the public and will feature classical Thai dance and hors d'oeuvres.
Regular business hours begin at 5 p.m. Friday. Reservations are encouraged, but not required. Taste of Thai Town's phone number is 773-299-7888.
Hours on Friday are 5-10 p.m. Assistant manager Chana Sookhakitch said regular hours are daily from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m., with plans to open until midnight, pending permits and a liquor license.
A menu is already available on their website.
The food will be "fusion presentation but traditional taste," Leon said, noting that all the food would still bear Sampanthavivat's signature taste from their first restaurant.
The restaurant will share space with a spa on the building's second floor, still under construction when they open on Friday. The Thai American Foundation of Chicago also has an office and meeting space in the basement.
The restaurant's building has handicapped access and welcomes visitors to a sunny, cafe-style seating area across from a noodle and liquor bar. There is additional seating in a room down the hall across from the main dining area, which offers views of the Hindu god icon Pra Baroma Reusi to the front.
There is a small conference-style dining room in front of the kitchen, and a large banquet hall with an 80-person capacity down a short flight of stairs in the back. There is ample parking in the back of the restaurant.
Leon attributes the two-year delay to the renovation of the old building, which was purchased from the city, and to street and sidewalk construction last summer along Pulaski avenue. The city kicked in tax increment financing dollars as part of the building's overhaul.
The interior of the building features tributes to the Thai King Rama V, who reigned from 1868-1910 and who had kept Thailand from being colonized and absorbed into French Indochina.
The paintings were made by Arun's brother Anawat, who had also designed the gild image to the front of the building, which was handcrafted in Thailand.
The restaurant is the first of a planned set of buildings between Elston and Sunnyside streets along Montrose Avenue that will establish an Asian American presence in the North Side featuring the Thai American community.
Leon says they are scoping out the area for possible markets, restaurants and boutique hotels and are open for investors, but won't say which buildings they are tapping or who they are currently speaking with.
 They are also reluctant to give a timeline as to when the businesses will open. Chef Sampanthavivat is also working on "Thailand Kitchen of the World," a cooking show scheduled to air on WTTW in the fall.
"That's phase two, not yet," Leon said, about building an Asian American community in the North side. "After the opening, we'll have a better idea when."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
EVERY household in the country will be hit with a new Public Service Broadcasting Charge to replace the television licence fee next year.
EVERY household in the country will be hit with a new Public Service Broadcasting Charge to replace the television licence fee next year.
Every single home to be hit with new Broadcasting Charge
Nobody will be able to refuse to pay the charge because it will apply regardless of whether you have a television, computer or any other device that can pick up public information.
The new universal charge will be collected in a way that tackles the current very high evasion rates of the TV licence fee - suggesting the payment mechanism could be modelled on the new property tax.
Currently nearly one in five households does not pay the TV licence fee and this is costing the government €30m a year in lost revenue.
Announcing major changes to the way public service broadcasting is funded Communications Minister Pat Rabbitte today gave a commitment the new charge will not exceed the current €160 a year licence fee.
A public consultation into how the charge will operate will be launched shortly and Mr Rabbitte said ideally they would like to see it introduced by late 2014.
There would be no excuse for not paying the charge, and the only exceptions would be for those currently exempt from the TV licence fee such as households in receipt of the household benefits package.
Mr Rabbitte said that they simply did not believe there were any households who could claim to have no access to public service broadcasting whether via television, radio or the RTE website on phones and computers.
“It's not some of us should pay for, all of us should pay for it, we should not have freeloaders,” they said.
They also revealed that RTE will have to cut its advertising time if it wants to get any extra public funding in future.
Mr Rabbitte said they will introduce a new funding mechanism where both advertising revenue and public funding is considered in working out how much money RTE and TG4 should get.
Consultants will also be sent in to RTE to see if further cost efficiencies can be achieved prior to any increase in funding.
Mr Rabbitte said that could include presenters' salaries as though the terms of reference of the review of costs had not yet been set, nothing was off the table.
However they acknowledged that RTE had already made substantial savings, having cut staff numbers by 500 in recent years and been one of the first public bodies to cut wages, achieving total savings of €104m since the recession hit.
The changes were approved by the Cabinet yesterday after it considered the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland's five-year review of how public service broadcasting is funded.
The BAI said that RTE would need more money if it's to deliver on its public service broadcasting remit.
RTE saw commercial income drop by €84m or 35pc between 2008 and 2012 which Mr Rabbitte said was a “mindboggling” fall.
Online Editors
“They rushed onwards, howling and screaming in a savage manner…”
The use of the stick, shillelagh, and cudgel in the violent “faction fights” of nineteenth century Ireland is already well-known through the works of author William Carleton (1794-1869).
Less known, however, are the historical accounts of such weapons being used in New York City among the street battles of Irish Catholic and Irish Protestant immigrants. Although such skirmishes were popularized by the film “Gangs of New York” (based on the book by Herbert Asbury), those fights were fictionalized and dramatized to a great degree. And, in actuality, Irish stick-fighting in New York City dates to nearly fifty years earlier than the events depicted in that book and film.
“Hays escaped almost certain death from a large shillelah, by a movement vulgarly called dodging…”
New York during the nineteenth century was a dangerous place, and as such, many citizens of both the lower and upper classes carried personal sidearms. For the lower classes, the cheapest weapon was often that which cost nothing and was immediately at hand–such as a stick, board, brickbat, club, or stone. The traditional Irish stick weapon was the shillelagh, typically made from the branch of the Irish blackthorn tree:
“The shillalah proper is about four feet long and is usually made of blackthorn, oak, ash, or hazel; and it is a great point to get it uniform in thickness and in weight throughout its entire length. It is held somewhere about eight inches or so from the centre, and my countrymen, who are always pretty active on their pins when fighting, use their left forearms to protect the left side of their heads.” – Rowland George Allanson-Winn, quoted from The Victorian Gentleman's Self-Defense Toolkit
Just how many Irish immigrants brought their blackthorn shillelaghs with them to New York City is a matter of speculation; certainly, there are records of some having done so (particularly Irish American politicians, who would carry them as symbols of their station). During the early nineteenth century, the American press often referred to the sticks used by Irishmen in combat as shillelaghs, however, these may very well have been simple (non-blackthorn) sticks or canes that were acquired in America.
Although the stick was used by the Irish for the settlement of disputes and in one-on-one fights, most of the accounts reported in the local New York press describe street battles involving many participants; no doubt such sensational events were considered more newsworthy. The following, for instance, appeared in the New York American on March 31, 1825:
Several months later, on June 8, another fracas was reported in the pages of the American:
“They were actually fighting when taken, stripped to the buff…”
Ten years later, a “ferocious” riot involving Irishmen sympathetic to President Andrew Jackson was reported by the New York Commercial Advertiser, in which “a man was instantly killed by a blow from a shillelagh”:
If these newspaper reports are to be relied upon, the indication is that such pitched street battles only increased in scale. The following article, published on April 21, 1842, in the Jamestown (NY) Journal, provides an account of a battle involving a force of 300 Irish, determined to wreak vengeance for a “general attack” upon the Irish immigrant population by a gang known as the “Spartans”:
“The Irish proceeded to rally their forces, and armed with sticks of cord wood and clubs, paraded through Centre-street, about 300 strong, attacking indiscriminately and knocking down nearly everything that came in their way…”
Such riots continued through the Civil War era (when the infamous New York Draft riots exploded, involving a large number of Irish) and well into the 1870s, culminating in a massive clash of Irish Catholics and Protestants on Eighth Avenue. We'll cover these and more in Part 2 of this article (stay tuned).
In the meantime, the following song, published in the April 13, 1811, edition of the New York-based Shamrock, or, Hibernian Chronicle gives one a general idea of how the violent and romantic aura of the Irish shillelah continued to grow on American shores:
Advertisements
ALABASTER, Alabama -- The brother of accused child molester Daniel M. Acker Jr. has been arrested on a charge of criminal trespassing at Thompson High School.
Harmon D. Acker, 43, of Alabaster was arrested at about 1 p.m. today after officers responded to a call about a burglary in progress at the school, according to a news release from Deputy Police Chief Curtis Rigney.
According to the release, a witness notified police that they had seen a man trying to climb through a window at the school. Evidence at the scene indicated that Acker did enter the school, the release said.
Acker was arrested at the school without incident, the release said. Acker was charged with misdemeanor second-degree criminal trespassing. They were released from the city jail after posting a $500 bond.
Acker, a former Alabaster city councilman, is the son of Shelby County Commissioner Dan Acker. Their brother, Danny, currently is being held in the Shelby County Jail on six counts of child sexual abuse.
Willie Schube originally recorded this post on a 4-inch reel.
The press release announcing Tobacco's first album in four years, Ultima II Massage, ends like this: “No happy ending.” Sounds about right. At it's best Tobacco's music sounds like psychedelia run through a garbage disposal. I mean this in the best way imaginable. The Black Moth Super Rainbow frontman makes music that's, for lack of a better word, grimy. Dirty, sweaty, and raw.
It may be lazy to align their music with the characteristics of a person who's just smoked tobacco, but the parallels are there. Their newest track, “Eruption,” is quite possibly the perfect embodiment of this. Over a distorted beat that sounds like its caught in sludge (almost all of their beats can be described this way, but part of their brilliance is that the shit never gets old), Tobacco sings, “Lick that popsicle/like a motherfucking baby.” They continue, “It's a nice fucking day and I'm feeling fucking good/Eruption, eruption.” The words, vocoded as always, have swagger—Tobacco's presentation is impeccable, but the song is fucking creepy. That he's able to invoke both of these feelings on almost everything they do is a serious testament to their singularity. The grime, the sweat, the taste—these would come off as gross and unappealing if produced by any other artist; but for some reason, Tobacco makes it all feel good.
We rely on your support to keep POW alive. Please take a second to donate on Patreon!
WASHINGTON — An independent audit will be performed on the $20 billion fund set up to compensate victims of last year's BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, Attorney General Eric Holder announced today.
In a letter to the fund's administrator, Kenneth Feinberg, Holder stressed that the goal is to balance the need for resolving claims quickly and fairly along with the need to start an audit before the end of the year.
Holder said the fund's "highest priority" should be to achieve speed and fairness.
Holder made a June 30 trip to the Gulf Coast in which they heard concerns from Alabama officials and residents about the transparency of the claims process.
In their letter, the attorney general said Feinberg agreed to an audit, a step that Holder has been urging for some time.
In response, Feinberg said the audit will begin this year, but won't disrupt "the timely processing of claims." They said the audit "is something we have always considered we would do."
The fund has nearly 1 million claims and continues to receive thousands of claims each week.
Matterhorn, in one form or another, has called Cuba St home for 54 years.
One of Wellington's best known bars has been thrown a temporary lifeline to stay open for the most lucrative trading period of the year.
In July Matterhorn was given three months to close its doors, as landlord Willis Bond & Co advanced plans to redevelop the building next door, which was previously home to Farmers.
But owner Sean Marshall and Willis Bond & Co have struck a deal which will allow the bar to remain open until the end of February.
SUPPLIED Matterhorn owner Sean Marshall is relieved when the bar can remain open for another four months.
Marshall said they were unsure what would happen after that, however they continued to look for a new home for the establishment, which has been operating at its Cuba St site for 54 years.
READ MORE:
* Matterhorn's founder steps forward as closure looms
* Wellington's well-known restaurant and bar Matterhorn is closing its doors
* Well-known Wellington bar Matterhorn forced to close, owners to leave by October
* Plans on the table for Farmers Cuba St, earmarked for mixed development
"It's a massive relief for everybody, with 20-odd staff, you know, everyone's got bills to pay, and have families [to support]…so we've bought ourselves a bit more time to try and figure something else out."
SUPPLIED The future of Matterhorn beyond February remains uncertain.
Marshall was relieved to have an additional four months, as finding a new home for the bar and restaurant had been a struggle.
"It's been bloody hard trying to find a new site. It's not easy trying to get the right site, and the right deal, at the right time, on the right terms," they said.
"So maybe end of February is the end of it all. I'm still working through it."
SUPPLIED Lord of the Rings star Elijah Wood, left, celebrated their 21st birthday at Matterhorn in 2002. Seen here with one-time Matterhorn bartender Jacob Briars - the man responsible for Matterhorn's signature cocktail The Falling Water.
They had had discussions with a couple of site owners, however "things fall over all the time", Marshall said.
"There's so many factors and ducks that need to line up and to get them all lining up it's been bloody hard. I still don't have anything confirmed at this point," they said.
"All I know is we've been given through to the end of February, and it's sort of a stay of execution for Matterhorn."
In the meantime, Marshall would continue to look for a new site.
"I'm still working on other things and still looking for other leases and stuff, but nothing moves quickly in the world of business."
The building which was home to the Farmers department store, which shares a wall with Matterhorn, has been closed since the 7.8 magnitude Kaikoura earthquake in November 2016.
In June, a sales memorandum for a nearby building claimed the site had been earmarked for a new development that would be a mix of retail, hospitality, residential and potentially office space.
In July, Willis Bond & Co managing director Mark McGuinness said plans for redevelopment had not been finalised, however confirmed the building would be strengthened.
Matterhorn began in 1963 as a cafe opened by Swiss immigrant Mary Tresch and their husband Tony. It has been a bar since 1997.
Friday night's Challenge Cup semi-final between Leeds Rhinos and St Helens showcased attacking play that could be transferred from rugby league to union.
The crossover between 13- and 15-man codes is a well-trodden path. From coaches Phil Larder, Dave Ellis, Shaun Edwards and Mike Ford to megastar players Jason Robinson and Israel Folau, a plethora of rugby league personnel have made a significant impact on union.
It is a conveyor belt that does not look like slowing down either. Unless you have been living under a rock since Christmas, you will know that someone called Sam Burgess is honing in on a place in England's World Cup squad.
Inevitably, a great deal of the copious chatter on Bath‘s former South Sydney Rabbitoh has centred upon their limitations and how a history in league has left them with much to learn.
During Friday evening's Challenge Cup semi-final at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in Warrington though, Leeds Rhinos and St Helens reinforced a number of attacking principles that could easily be applied to union.
Skeptics might highlight league's lack of contestable breakdowns and say that with a pristine platform, 10 metres of space and four fewer players on the pitch there is far greater scope for offensive success. In a sense, they would be correct.
But the ambition, execution and skill level of each side within their sport's six-tackle framework was wonderful to watch. Here is a list of pointers that translate across the great divide from an excellent match.
1. Art of to offload
Passing out of contact is a key crowd-pleaser offered by code-hoppers. The Hollywood efforts of Sonny Bill Williams, often out the back of their hands, are sure to be a big feature of New Zealand‘s approach over the next couple of months.
By half-time of a 24-14 victory over St Helens, Leeds had racked up 17 offloads. For context, the Highlanders managed six more in the entirety of their harum-scarum Super 15 final triumph.
Big, bearded Australian front-rower Adam Cuthbertson was a pivotal figure here. Watch their role in the build-up to Leeds' opening try:
Breaking this down step-by-step, we can see both Cuthbertson and full-back Zac Hardaker sizing up the St Helens defence at the play-the-ball:
Next up is Cuthbertson's carry. Rather than crudely attempting to trample an opponent, they use some footwork and aims at the gap between James Roby and Kyle Amor:
This makes it tougher for the tacklers either to get a decent contact with their shoulders or to wrap up the ball. Cuthbertson fights to free their right arm and flips it back to Paul Aiton amid the attentions of Roby and Amor:
From the reverse angle, we can see that five St Helens players are tied into a crowded point of contact:
Of course, Cuthbertson's offload transfers the ball away and allows Leeds to probe elsewhere.
2. Exploiting a mismatch
Often union teams look to take advantage of a a disparity in speed or size – a fleet-footed centre rounding a prop in the defensive line, for instance. League is no different, as Hardaker's finish demonstrated:
Throughout the evening, Leeds ran extremely hard down the channel of Luke Walsh, St Helens' scrum-half. Weighing 83 kilograms, they were considered a weakness.
This time, the ploy pays off as Hardaker straightens up…
…and beats their man:
Leeds were just getting started.
3. Instinctive responses
An early injury to Aiton hastened the introduction of Rob Burrow. The diminutive playmaker lacerated Saints pretty quickly:
Again, a snapshot of the ruck is telling. Before bending to pick up the ball, Burrow assesses their options:
As they take off, it is worth taking note of Kevin Sinfield‘s positioning. The Yorkshire Carnegie-bound stand-off is lurking on Burrow's right:
Sprinting into open space, Burrow's line of running is interesting. They curve back away from the defence, much like a union scrum-half might from the base of a breakdown.
Just as wings adjust to link up with All Blacks number nine Aaron Smith, Sinfield responds accordingly and cuts underneath their teammate:
As Burrow makes a half-break, Sinfield appears on their left shoulder:
Watching the telepathic link-up from the opposite viewpoint really underlines the notion that offloading is as much about reactive support play as anything else:
What came next was just as impressive.
4. Clinical composure in broken field
As England has found all too often in recent times, creating and finishing off a line-break are two very different concepts. Leeds had no such trouble here:
Centre Kallum Watkins was dangerous all night. Their evasion to escape Atelea Vea is crucial:
A looping pass to Joel Moon then requires spatial awareness:
With wing Ryan Hall retaining width on the left and Saints scrambling desperately, Moon is presented with a two-on-one situation.
Reading that Mark Percival is drifting off them to Hall, they throw a dummy and beats covering Adam Swift to the whitewash:
This is almost mechanical in its ruthless efficiency. However, Saints hit back before the break.
5. Decision-making and option-taking
Split-second decisions underpin every sport and Percival's first try brought an explicit example of selecting options under pressure.
Before anything else, a burly carry and deft offload from Alex Walmsley opened things up:
Despite finding the 105-kilogram frame of Jamie Peacock on their back, Walmsley's two-handed offload to Adam Quinlan is flawless:
And this is where Quinlan's brain starts whirring. Faced with four defenders, they have just Percival for company. At first, they look as if they are weighing up a grubber-kick in behind for their colleague to chase:
Then there is a change of heart. Given St Helens were only on their third tackle and there is obviously no danger of getting isolated from support in the absence of contested breakdowns, it would perhaps be overindulgent to praise Quinlan too much for keeping the ball in hand.
That said, their movement and timing of pass is impeccable.
6. Drawing defenders
Straightening up before stepping off their right foot – all the time holding the ball in two hands – they suck in all the defenders in their vicinity:
In the instant Hall turns their shoulders towards Quinlan, the pass is made and Percival has an easy walk-in:
The game's next try was less about intricacies and more about sheer industry.
7. Off-the-ball opportunism
If Percival gave Saints a sniff, the most popular four-pointer of the match – a spectacular burst by veteran Peacock – hauled Leeds back into the ascendancy:
Now, the 30-metre charge is excellent in itself, but watch where Peacock is positioned when Watkins dances ahead:
Significantly, St Helens powerhouse Vea had left the field just seconds before this run due to a knee ligament injury.
The Tongan's presence was missed immediately, and Peacock capitalised on a gaping hole in the middle of the field by coming from deep:
As if to emphasise the work ethic instilled and expected by Brian McDermott, both Burrow and Cuthbertson flood through the line to support Peacock:
Guile is little use without graft.
8. Striking on the short side
Stuart Lancaster often speaks of ‘two-sided attack' – essentially the ability for a team to threaten on either flank of any given breakdown.
Hitting back once more, Saints showed the confidence to take on a 15-metre channel:
Much the same as in union, it is the acting half-backs that call the shots. Indeed, Walsh is organising an open-side pattern at the play-the-ball as Roby swoops to collect:
However, Roby identifies an overlap and instigates a foray to the right instead:
A straightforward three-on-two is accomplished with minimum fuss. Andre Savelio holds onto the ball and takes it flat, attracting Moon towards him. Matt Dawson stays wide to keep Hall on their toes.
Between them, Percival streaks onto a short pass:
Reviewing the sequence again, it looks polished and decisive:
Leeds would have the final say, though.
9. Bringing the ball to the line
It made sense that Watkins scorched over for the match-clincher – all the more so because it came following a cohesive movement:
Now, shielding moves in the midfield are commonplace in union these days. Even so, the league lads still lead the way.
Danny McGuire incites it all by taking on the St Helens defence, holding Mark Flanagan, and firing a pass back to Sinfield behind the decoy line of Carl Ablett:
In the wake of Ablett's run, Sinfield has plenty of space.
10. Hidden angles
It will be very intriguing to watch Sinfield in union, although given they turn 35 in September they have not allowed themselves a great deal of time to progress.
Here, they ooze class, slipping in Watkins between Walsh and a flat-footed Jordan Turner:
Watkins' run itself is interesting. Having lingering almost directly behind Sinfield, they catch Saints unsighted and they cannot halt their curve back against the grain:
The angle itself is somewhat reminiscent of Michael Hooper‘s effort against South Africa three weeks back:
As Phipps picks up, Hooper comes around the corner in the large shadow of James Horwill:
When Phipps then engages the fringe defence, Horwill attracts Lood de Jager and Cobus Reinach. Hooper can step out of their teammate's slipstream and bundle over past Oupa Mohoje:
Both this score and that of Watkins came with around the 70-minute mark. That is no innocent coincidence. Deploying multiple runners in motion can be devastating when defences tire.
Whoever lifts the Webb Ellis Cup at Twickenham on October 31 will have offered exacting attacking accuracy as well as defensive resilience. Ticking off the 10 aspects above is a decent place to start for each of this autumn's World Cup hopefuls.
If there is still a section of union supporters that believes rugby league is solely based on blown-up blokes biffing one another, they are truly misguided.
President Trump on Tuesday defended the controversial $1 trillion-plus budget deal heading for a vote – as they and congressional Republicans face conservative anger at what critics see as a cave to Democrats on everything from sanctuary cities to funding for Planned Parenthood.
“The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there!” Trump tweeted, adding that the solution is to elect more Republican senators in 2018 "or change the rules" of the Senate filibuster.
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017 either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017
They added a warning shot: "Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!"
Republican and Democratic lawmakers made the budget deal, announced Monday, in order to fund the government through September and avoid a shutdown later this week. But despite Republicans controlling the House, Senate and White House, the deal is widely perceived as benefiting Democratic interests and priorities, while sidelining some of the items on Trump's wishlist.
Heritage Action, an outside conservative group, on Tuesday urged a "no" vote on the package, with Heritage Foundation analysts claiming it "woefully fails the test of fiscal responsibility and does not advance important conservative policies."
The plan has no funding for Trump's much vaunted border wall, though it includes $1.5 billion for border security.
While the deal does include an increase in military spending as requested by Trump, it does not reduce funding for so-called “sanctuary cities” – jurisdictions that refuse to comply with federal immigration law – and continues to fund abortion provider Planned Parenthood.
Non-defense spending also sees an increase, and Democrats managed to kill 160 Republican riders on issues such as environmental regulations. The deal also includes a $2 billion increase in spending for the National Institutes of Health.
At a White House ceremony to award a trophy to the Air Force football team, Trump again hailed parts of the deal, saying it secured the "single largest increase in border security funding in 10 years" and noted that it broke the Obama-era "parity rule" -- that every increase in military spending must be matched by an increase in domestic spending.
"That's not happening any more, I can tell you...you're going to have the money we need and the equipment we need," they said. "Our military is going to be taken care of, that I promise you."
But Democrats reacted with glee to a supposed victory pulled out of the embers of a brutal November election defeat.
“I think we had a strategy and it worked,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said in an interview with The Washington Post. “Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate were closer to one another than Republicans were to Donald Trump.”
Conservatives took to media outlets and TV to express their anger, aimed particularly at congressional Republicans and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
“DEMS CELEBRATE 'REPUBLICAN' BUDGET!” declared the top headline on the Drudge Report Tuesday morning, accompanied by a grinning picture of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. Another headline read: “MORE PAGES THAN OBAMA STIMULUS”
“We do not have a Republican Party on Capitol Hill that can get its act together,” Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham said on "Fox & Friends" Tuesday.
“I don't know how you would carry water for this," conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Monday. "Not that I want to; don't misunderstand. I'm just coming up with new ways to explain what a sellout, disaster, betrayal — whatever you want to call this — it is."
At a House GOP leadership press conference Tuesday morning, however, Speaker Ryan and other top Republicans defended the package. Ryan touted the “down payment on border security” and dismissed what they called Democrats' “PR machine” playing up their end of the bargain.
“Don't look at the press releases, look at the bill,” Ryan said, adding there are “a lot of conservative wins here.”
Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., touted pay raises for military service members and cuts to “areas where we've seen government run out of control” like the EPA.
Members of the House Freedom Caucus predicted conservative opposition in Congress.
"Money goes to Planned Parenthood, as you said. Money continues to go to sanctuary cities, but no money for the border wall," Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said in an interview with CNN.
"I think you're going to see a lot of conservatives against this plan this week."
Even before Trump's tweets, some Republicans looked to defend the bill. They noted that Trump got the defense spending priorities they asked for, while pointing to other victories such as no new money for Puerto Rico's Medicaid program, a 50 percent increase for abstinence education, increased funding in the fight against opioid addiction, and another cut for the EPA's budget.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer noted that the deal includes $1.5 billion secured for enhanced border security and detention capabilities, and called it a “down payment” on the border wall, which they reiterated is going to get built during Trump's time in office.
"Make no mistake, the wall is going to be built," they said. "We have five months left in this fiscal year, we're getting $1.52 billion for border security, there's a lot that can be done with that."
But some conservatives say passing a bill funding Democratic priorities will hurt Republicans down the road in the 2018 midterms.
“I find this to be so demoralizing, disappointing and I think they're going to have hell to pay for this budget,” Ingraham said.
The bill is expected to go to the House floor Wednesday, and to the Senate Thursday, ahead of the shutdown deadline on Friday.
Fox News' John Roberts and Chad Pergram contributed to this report.
With the consumer Rift and Vive coming out… (err, now, oops) I figured I should finally get around to publishing a write-up on my portable VR rigs. Last year, I built one based on a Pelican 1430 case (gallery, parts list, kit writeup) that allowed me to travel with a DK2 in a single package that would fit underneath an economy airline seat. I never had a problem traveling with a carry-on backpack and this rig as a personal/laptop bag.
Honestly, this worked much better than I expected, and I lugged it around 4 continents without any issues either with airport security or with the hardware itself (astounding considering the parts were all friction fit except for a single 3D-printed clip for the motherboard and screws drilled into the inner lip of the Pelican for the graphics card). The biggest negative of this setup was that it was a bit on the heavy side. Fully packed, it was usually just shy of 8kg (18 lbs), which even with the top-of-the-line Tom Bihn shoulder strap, was a bit tiring. (The Pelican case by itself was 2.6kg!)
The biggest reason for swapping this setup out, however, is that both the consumer Rift and the Vive kits are too big to fit in the Pelican case, so the form factor just didn't really make sense anymore. The Rift CV1 is the more compact of the two (if you can unscrew the tracking sensor from the stand), but the HMD headband/headphones make it very brittle and will require a bit more thought for packing up (some sort of hatbox with custom foam?). The Vive Pre, despite the extra components actually packs up w/ very little fuss into a small bag:
That wasn't too bad to travel with, all the Pre stuff fits into a Chrome Niko Sling https://t.co/jBQMyjDBKZ pic.twitter.com/mvLnRCc2mv — Leonard (@lhl) March 4, 2016
Now, before I go further, I'll just mention that if you simply want the simplest VR-ready PC solution, you can order one of the Oculus-recommended or Vive-recommended systems. If you're looking to build your own/find the cheapest system, you can check out the /r/Oculus “System Build Megathread” (worth a mention is the HP VR PC deal that pops up every so often – you get a lot of hardware for your money). There are lots and lots of options.
If you need a portable system, however, your options are more limited. If you don't want to build a custom system, then you have basically two options: you can now choose to buy one of the few laptops that are officially recommended for Oculus compatibility that run “desktop” Nvidia GTX 980 GPUs, or pick from a couple vaguely compact Mini-ITX systems.
If you go with the 980 notebook solution, there are a few models out right now, and some more coming out “soon”. AlteredQualia has a pretty complete list laptop models. You should expect to pay $3000-3500 for these systems. One very important thing to note is that these laptops throttle aggressively on battery power and can only run VR content when they are plugged into external power. All the laptops with these GPUs are at least 17″ and it's worth noting that they are both larger by volume (6L+) and heavier (3.8kg+) than the custom build I'll be getting to.
Note: You might be able to get away with a non-Optimus 980M laptop, that can be more reasonably priced. If that work, then the SAGER NP8658-S/CLEVO P650-RG (which supposedly doesn't have Optimus) would actually take the portability crown – it's a 15.6″ laptop that is <2.7L and 2.5kg. Also, once next-gen Polaris/Pascal GPU parts make their way into 15″ laptops (come Computex?), laptop form factors will probably be preferred to a portable desktop system if they can run sustained without throttling.
For a pre-built small form factor (SFF) PC, you have basically two “smallest” options. The Alienware X51, which is 10.4L/5.5kg, or the MSI Nightblade MI2, which is 10.2L/8kg. IMO, both of these are unacceptably large and heavy for a truly portable system (by which I'd define as pleasant enough to shoulder-bag or to put into a backpackable system), but I'll put these out there just for completeness.
Update: MSI's Vortex G65 (video review) is a 4kg, 6.5L (268mm tall, ~190mm diameter cylinder), $4K system.
We're almost ready to get to the build, but again, in the interest of saving your time, here's a nice little table that shows your options:
As you can see, the two custom cases that are available are much smaller than the pre-built SFF systems. While the Logic Supply MC600 (review) is technically a smidgen smaller volume-wise, and is also a bit cheaper, I went with the S4 Mini for a couple reasons. The S4 case is the passion project of a SFF enthusiast and I'd been following along on the case development for quite a while (this little 4-episode mini-doc is great if you're into hobbyist hardware), so it was nice to support that kind of thing. But also, from a technical perspective the case design is great. It has well-finished and mostly rounded corners, making it very bag-friendly (it was designed to be carried around to LAN parties, etc). It also comes with a default powder-coated finish that is tough as nails (again, perfect for travel). And lastly, being all aluminum, it's a bit lighter than the steel MC600, while probably being more sturdy.
I've been naming my workstations after the Ono-Sendai cyberdecks – this is ono3, and here it is with some props for size reference:
Mostly, I simply moved the items from my Pelican case into the S4 Mini case, but there are some details that might be worth noting:
Final weight for the complete system is 3.4kg. It fits in my 31L Ortlieb MountainX w/ all the rest of the stuff I carry, meaning that I can carry-on the actual VR gear in a separate bag – ideally, I'll find a hat/bowling ball bag or something that can carry both.
All the systems listed except for the MSI Nightblade MI2 use external DC power supplies – the 330W or 350W PS's will add about an extra liter of volume and extra kg of weight. The HP Voodoo/Firebird 350W is significantly better than the Dell 330W and tends to be cheaper to boot. DC power supplies are actually preferable since it makes external battery power a breeze (tune in next time…)
I use an Intel Core i7-4790K CPU. This is a “95W TDP” rated part, but measuring power usage from the wall, there was over an 80W difference from idle at 800MHz to running w/ Turbo disabled at 4GHz. When Running at 4.4GHz Turbo, max power usage went up by another 50W before thermal throttling (neither the Zalman CNPS2X nor the Noctua NH-L9i coolers can handle anywhere near that much heat dissipation). If you're building a new system, I'd recommend a 35W or 65W TDP Skylake, which should be more than enough CPU horsepower for VR workloads
The fastest current mini-ITX sized GPU is the R9 Fury Nano, however despite it's seemingly reasonable 175W TDP rating, its instantaneous power draw can cause system resets (video of tests) w/ the HDPLEX and HP Firebird/Voodoo 350W power supply combo. I use a Galax GTX 970 OC card that's reasonably priced, and despite not being officially a mini-ITX card, fits fine (better than some of the shorter, but out-of-spec width cards, I imagine)
If you buy an S4 for use as a VR workstation, make sure to request HDPLEX mounting for your S4 (some fewer screws to remove, an extra drill hole). You'll also need an HDPLEX w/ 6+6 PCIe power, so be sure to request that in your ordering notes (easier to order from HDPLEX directly vs Amazon). Also, be sure to watch the S4 Assembly Video first before assembly. Putting together your own system isn't hard, but there are a few things things with the S4 that are a bit tricky. You might also want to ask Josh to assemble the power switch (which may require soldering, if you just order the recommended bulgin switch) or I believe he'll also assemble entire systems for a fee…
For accessories, I travel w/ a Pure Pro 60% keyboard (a great 60% that has proper arrow keys) and a slightly-overpriced, but ultimately quite nice GeChic 13″ 1080p IPS screen (USB-powered, HDMI input; a topic for another post)
Here's a sheet that has the internals of the Pelican system, and what changed with the my S4 move:
For those looking for more details (and for a preview next post where I talk about DC-power and backpack mounting, hopefully before Vive deliveries…), you can check out my build log on the SFF Forum.
Update: here's my writeup on battery-powering the system.
Update: as of November 2016, here are your most portable options:
The city of Boise is asking ACHD to bring those bike lanes back permanently on Idaho and Main streets from Broadway Avenue to 16th Street.
In 2014 the Ada County Highway District and the city of Boise teamed up to do a pilot program of protected bike lanes running through the core of downtown. Now the city is asking ACHD to bring those bike lanes back permanently on Idaho and Main streets from Broadway Avenue to 16th Street.
ACHD originally planned to put a bike lane running that same length on Jefferson by the end of 2016. In order to deviate from the plan and put the lanes on Main and Idaho instead would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, but that isn't all.
There are four options ACHD will present to the public, the first of which is to stick to the original plan and put the bike lane on Jefferson Street.
Two other options would create bike lanes on Main and Idaho which will either be protected by parking or run along the parking lane. Both of the options would lead to the elimination of up to 50 parking spots and one lane of travel for drivers on each street. This will ad time to the cross-town commute, but according to ACHD, not by a lot.
"We would be adding a minute to the time it would take someone to get across downtown from the east side to the west side," said Craig Quintana, a spokesperson for ACHD.
Quintana added while for some people a minute may not be a lot of time, for other it can be an eternity.
The final option to put the bike lanes on Main and Idaho would be to get rid of the parking lanes altogether, which would preserve all travel lanes, but would lead to downtown losing more than 200 parking spaces.
"Oh my gosh, I think that's a horrible idea," said Matt Simmons, a Meridian resident who goes to downtown Boise frequently. "I think parking is bad enough as it is down here."
No decisions have been made as ACHD plans to hold at meeting a Boise City Hall on March 16 to get public comment. They'll also be accepting comment online through a survey on their website.
There are those who think the bike lanes are a great idea, including the city of Boise, they believe everything should be done to promote the cycling lifestyle. Others add while bike lanes are a nice addition to any city there are limits to how much should be sacrificed.
"Put them somewhere smart, cost effective, keep everyone safe and keep traffic rolling," said Andrea Kilthline, a Meridian resident who works in downtown Boise.
Wednesday ACHD commissioners agreed to move forward and bring the options to the public. They'll make a decision in late-April.
Bali airport is operating normally, but some airlines have cancelled their flights.
A volcano on the resort island of Bali has been spewing smoke hundreds of metres into the air, threatening a major eruption.
Mount Agung, Bali's highest volcano, clouded the air with smoke 1,500m above its summit, and the volcano's alert level remains at the second highest
Thousands of people living nearby had already been forced to flee over fears it would erupt when smoke filled the air on Tuesday.
The volcano last erupted in 1963, killing 1,600 people.
People living within 7.5km (4.5 miles) of the mountain have been told to evacuate, senior volcanologist Gede Suantika said.
Image: Farmers living near the base of the volcano have had to flee
Mass evacuations also took place in September when Mount Agung showed signs of erupting, forcing more than 120,000 from their homes.
Many had since returned after the volcano appeared to be calming, but fresh fears of eruption have caused more chaos for residents.
Around 25,000 people have been evacuated to more than 200 temporary shelters.
"We will continue to see eruptions like this on similar scales, but we cannot predict when Mount Agung will really erupt," Suantika told AFP.
Image: Increasingly frequent tremors stoke fears an eruption may be imminent
Bali's airport is operating normally, but some airlines have cancelled their flights.
Indonesia sits on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire and has 127 active volcanoes - more than any other country.
Mount Sinabung on Sumatra island has been active since 2013 and is currently at its highest alert level.
Jimmy Fallon earlier this year ceded the late-night ratings crown to Stephen Colbert. Now, the host of NBC's The Tonight Show finds themselves flirting with a fate that not long ago would have seemed unthinkable: third place. During the first two weeks of the new TV season, Fallon has seen their lead over ABC's Jimmy Kimmel collapse, falling from more than one million viewers a year ago to fewer than 250,000 viewers last week. And while he's still on top with adults under 50, Fallon is losing ground in the demographic ratings race, too: Despite a heavily promoted set of shows with Miley Cyrus, Tonight's demo numbers fell 26 percent last week vs. the same period a year ago, while Kimmel (+1%) and Colbert (-2%) stayed relatively flat. There are multiple reasons for late night's ratings sea change, but the biggest one seems pretty clear: disrupter-in-chief Donald Trump.
Some of Fallon's harshest critics might want to pin the NBC host's Nielsen woes on the Incident — a.k.a., that one time in September 2016 Fallon decided to tousle Trump's orange mane, “normalizing” them in a way some believe they should not have. This seems a bit of a stretch, particularly since in the weeks following — when outrage over the whole thing was at its height — Tonight maintained strong ratings leads over its ABC and CBS rivals. Instead, it seems more likely Fallon has been hurt not by how they handled candidate Trump, but rather by how the world has changed since Trump's inauguration. For huge swaths of the country, the current occupant of the White House represents a perpetual crisis, resulting in a nearly nonstop state of anxiety for millions. Television programming that responds effectively to this new reality seems to have been embraced by audiences looking for coping mechanisms.
Much the way news junkies have flocked to MSNBC's left-leaning lineup and prime-time audiences have embraced feel-good fare like ABC's fall hit The Good Doctor, Colbert, Comedy Central's Trevor Noah, and more recently, Kimmel, have tapped into the anti-Trump zeitgeist — and benefited. But even more than Kimmel, Fallon built their brand around being the goofy buddy willing to do anything to get their friends to laugh. Current events, and particularly politics, have always taken a backseat on their Tonight Show. That served Fallon well during the comparatively calm Obama years, but since Trump took office, it may not be resonating as much with viewers. Comfort food may be appreciated when it comes to prime-time sitcoms and dramas, but late-night viewers (at least for now) seem to be looking for something with more bite.
It's worth noting that for all the media attention Kimmel and Colbert have received for their sharply worded attacks on President Trump and the GOP leadership in Congress, their Nielsen numbers — while definitely up — haven't exploded. Jimmy Kimmel Live's average audience of 2.335 million viewers over the first two weeks of the 2017–18 season represents an 8 percent gain vs. the same frame a year ago, when Kimmel wasn't making headlines for taking on Trump. CBS's Colbert has seen a much bigger boost: Their two-week average for the fall (3.03 million) is up 14 percent compared to last fall. But with the broadcast networks now accustomed to double-digit prime-time ratings drops every single year, the modest gains by Colbert and Kimmel actually represent a massive achievement. They're swimming upstream against a strong tide of Nielsen erosion and coming out ahead. In TV today, flat is the new up, and up a little is the new juggernaut.
By contrast, Fallon is now entering a second year of significant ratings decline. That fact, combined with the small but steady gains by their rivals, has resulted in the closest late-night ratings race in a while. Consider: Just two Septembers ago, Fallon started out the 2015–16 season with a massive 60 percent lead over third-place Kimmel and a 20 percent advantage over Colbert's then-brand-new Late Show. Nearly 1.5 million viewers once separated a first-place Tonight and third-place Jimmy Kimmel Live. Fallon is now 16 percent behind Colbert, while their lead over Kimmel is down to a mere 10 percent.
NBC execs will rightly note Fallon's continued advantage among adults under 50, the demo group most attractive to advertisers. Indeed, Tonight is still No. 1 where it most counts to NBC's bottom line, even if the show has become less relevant to the national conversation. But there are danger signs there, too. A year ago, Fallon's demo advantages over Kimmel and Colbert were a whopping 83 percent and 63 percent, respectively. That's now down to a 29 percent margin of victory over Kimmel and a 24 percent difference vs. Colbert. Considering how close Fallon has come to slipping into third place among total viewers, their continued demo dominance is no small feat. And should older viewers grow less interested in Trump-bashing, or simply tire of thinking about him, Fallon could be well-positioned to bounce back in the overall ratings race. What's more, barring something radically unexpected, none of the Big Three hosts are going anywhere. All are under long-term contracts, and any move to replace Fallon, Colbert, or Kimmel would likely result in even lower ratings. Still, a late-night ratings race that had grown sleepy and predictable has become interesting once more.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is here, and now we know everything about the 2014 flagship from the Korean smartphone maker. It's pushing into phablet territory with a 5.1-inch, 1920×1080 display, and it comes with a fingerprint reader on the home button, as well as a heart rate monitor around back near the camera flash. The Galaxy S5 is also dust and water resistant, which may be the most useful new feature to ship on the phone.
Samsung's Android 4.4-powered flagship doesn't deviate that far from its predecessors in terms of case design, packing the larger screen into a larger chassis but sticking with a plastic (though there is a higher end metal variant) backing, rounded corners and a pill-shaped home button, but the fingerprint scanner and heart-rate sensor are significant hardware additions. The Galaxy S5 also seems to have a significant focus on health and fitness with this update, which could preface a similar move with the next generation of iOS software and hardware.
[gallery ids="962909,962910,962911,962912,962913,962914,962915,962916,962917,962918,962919,962920,962921,962922,962923,962924,962925,962926,962927,962928,962929,962930,962931,962932,962933,962934,962935,962936,962937,962938,962939,962940,962941,962942,962943,962944,962945,962946,962947,962948,962949,962950,962951,962953,962954,962955,962956,962957,962958,962959,962960,962961,962962,962963,962964,962965,962966,962967,962968,962969,962970,962971,962972,962973,962974,962975,962976,962977,962978,962979,962980,962981,962982,962983,962984,962985,962986,962987,962988,962989,962990,962991,962992,962993,962994,962995,962996,962997,962998,962999,963000,963001,963002,963003"]
‘Seeing' Your Heart Beat
On the new Samsung phone, the heart rate monitor will track your pulse and provide that info in S Health 3.0, Samsung's fitness monitoring app, which already tracks steps taken and calories burnt. An optical heart rate monitor that works with your fingertip also appears on the new Galaxy Gear 2 smartwatches. For those who are curious about the inclusion of such a feature, Withings ships a step counter with a built-in monitor, which adds another dimension to health tracking and can be used in combination with other data to give a clearer picture of overall health.
Pay By Finger Swipe
The other big new hardware feature here is the fingerprint sensor. Many will no doubt accuse Samsung of copying Apple once again, but the fingerprint sensor here is quite different from Apple's on the iPhone 5s. It can register three separate fingerprints, and registration takes eight swipes (it's swipe-based, rather than asking you to hold your fingerprint down as with Apple's). You can unlock the phone using fingerprint recognition, but also use it to authorize PayPal to make payments online – for anything. That's much wider-reaching than Apple's usage of fingerprints, which is limited to unlocking and to finalizing purchases made via iTunes.
Since it's using PayPal, that means this could be used to pay for physical goods at retail, too, which potentially opens up a lot of mobile payments options for Samsung. All will depend on how easy the fingerprint tech is to use in practice, however, and how resistant it is to attempts to foil or dupe the security system.
The finger swipe can also unlock Private Mode on the Galaxy S5, which provides access to content that a user would rather keep hidden from anyone else who might gain access to their phone, like kids and strangers. It's a handy and much-needed addition to mobile, which so far hasn't had any really easy way to limit access to on-device media and content selectively.
4K Video And Adjustable Focus
Another highlight of the Galaxy S5 is the new camera, which now offers 16 megpixels on the rear – and video capture of 4k resolution (even though the screen on the device itself can only manage 1080p, or one quarter of that). The Galaxy S5 isn't the first phone announced to have 4K video capture capabilities, but it is part of a limited early group, and that's something that might be more appealing to consumers now that 4K TVs are becoming more affordable and consumers are looking around for content sources: at this rate, home videos could beat broadcast TV to the punch.
The new camera also has a slow motion function like in the iPhone 5s, as well as post-capture refocus selection, like in the expensive and cumbersome Lytro light field camera. This is another feature that should make its way to many mobiles this year, but it should definitely help Samsung sell some smartphones to shutter-happy mobile photogs.
There's also hybrid autofocus, which includes both contrast detection and phase detection, which is the same kind of system used in advanced DSLRs and mirrorless digital cameras. Samsung promises this autofocus will be able to lock on in as few as 0.3 seconds, making it the fastest ever for a smartphone.
Everything Else
Other specs for the Galaxy S5 include a microSD slot for expanding storage (which could work with the newly announced 128GB capacity for iPhone-beating storage) and a Download Booster software feature that combines LTE and Wi-Fi data connection for superfast downloading of larger files, though at the expense of your mobile data bandwidth. The rugged design means you can take it anywhere, but you'll have to deal with a flap for the Micro USB 3.0 charging/power port on the bottom.
It packs a 2.5GHz Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, NFC, LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, and either 16GB or 32GB of storage, so no real surprises here. It does offer a black and white mode for power saving (and promises up to 10 hours of LTE web browsing or 12 hours of video playback), which is interesting, and it should go on sale on April 11 in a first crop of almost 150 countries according to Samsung.
Google officially launched its Google Business Photos (a.k.a. Indoor Streetview) initiative in April 2010, but this indoor imagery was often hard to find and only appeared on Google+ Local and in the Google Search sidebar. On Google Maps, however, it was virtually impossible to find these panoramic indoor images. Starting today, Google will highlight indoor imagery with a yellow circle whenever you drag the orange pegman onto a map.
These images, says Google, give you “the feeling of being there, and the comfort of knowing what to expect when you arrive.” One issue with this approach, though, is that it's often hard to figure out what business you are actually looking at, as the name often doesn't appear on the map or inside the Street View interface.
When Business Photos launch, Google only focused on a few countries, but it has since expanded the reach of this program. In a number of select cities the U.S., Australia, New Zealand, France, Ireland, Netherlands, Canada and the UK, businesses can now hire Google-approved photographers to take these 360-degree panoramic images for them. In addition, business owners can also upload their own images through Google+ Local.
In May, Google also started highlighting these business photos in Google Maps on Android.
Each week, Big Issues focuses on a newly released comic-book issue of significance. This week, it's Dial H #10. Written by China Miéville (The City & The City, Railsea) and drawn by Alberto Ponticelli (Unknown Soldier, Frankenstein: Agent Of S.H.A.D.E.), it's an issue that explores the complexities of the superhero genre without forgetting about fun and humor. Warning: spoilers ahead.
Brian Bolland's cover for Dial H #10 is an impeccably rendered close-up of a human with the head of a bloodhound, a missile on its back, and a telephone rotor hanging around its neck, speeding toward the reader while drool dribbles down its chin. Bizarre? Yes. But it's also the type of visual that readers of China Miéville's mind-bending reimaging of Dial H For Hero have become accustomed to. The British novelist is a newcomer to comic books, but he's established a voice on this title that combines the sophisticated storytelling of Warren Ellis and Grant Morrison with the oddball superhero comedy of The Tick's Ben Edlund. Using the concept of the H-Dial, a device that gives individuals superpowers when they press the numbers 4-3-7-6 (H-E-R-O), Miéville has created an elaborate narrative of ancient cults, alternate universes, shadowy government agencies, and absurd superheroes.
Advertisement
Two unlikely figures have teamed up to uncover the secrets of the H-Dial: Nelson Jent, an obese twentysomething deadbeat, and Roxie Hodder, an elderly telephone engineer who has been fighting crime under the mantle of Manteau. The device has brought these two together on a globetrotting adventure that ends in Canada, where superhuman assassin The Centipede and their mysterious employers are headquartered.
The Centipede is a captivating villain, a constantly degraded pawn pursuing their own secret agenda. Last issue's humiliation resulted in one of this book's best visual gags, when they had to endure a strange new costume change. With a name that isn't appealing enough to the general public, The Centipede is forced to wear a helmet/mask that was designed by focus groups to up their Q-rating. The problem is that the mask is a giant, lifelike replica of a real centipede's head, so the villain is forced to wear an insect helmet on top of their business attire. It's a hilarious yet unnerving image that comments on editorial interference in superhero comics to make them more attractive to the masses.
Advertisement
It's hard to believe that there have only been 10 issues of Dial H, considering how many ideas Miéville has packed into the story. The rotor bestows powers by pulling heroes from other dimensions/universes/timelines and putting them in the place of the dialers, who have limited control over their new mind and body. Eventually, the memories and personality of the original hero begin to take over, and the more often one uses the device, the greater the risk of losing their or their true identity forever. Roxie wears a blank mask when they transform, as a reminder that this dialed self is not their real form. Nelson has more trouble maintaining, and a major part of their relationship with Roxie is that they help remind them who they are when they fall too deep into their borrowed identity. In an interview with Comic Book Resources, Miéville talks about how this conflict is at the core of the series:
“I don't think I am doing anything tremendously original in the sense that identity issues that are concomitant with putting on a mask and running around with an invented name are fairly well-established in comics for some time. It seemed to me with Dial H that would be the foreground. That issue of what exactly is it doing to you when you do this, what does it say about you as a person that you want to hide yourself behind these frankly preposterous identities is just something inherent in the Dial H mythos that really appealed to me.”
Advertisement
The heroes Miéville conjures from the device run the gamut from the ridiculous (Control+Alt+Delete, Cock-A-Hoop, Captain Lachrymose) to the ingenious (Nelson's current dial, The Glimpse, never fully appears on-panel); the main attraction of this book is the simple joy of seeing what characters Miéville will think of next. This month's breakout star is Bristol Bloodhound, the dog-man-weapon hybrid named for the British surface-to-air missile. Dialed by one of the soldiers at The Centipede's base, Bristol Bloodhound isn't an ordinary hero; he's forced to do everything Nelson tells them to do. That's because they were commanded to dial 7-4-3-3 for hero, which Nelson figures out is actually the code for S-I-D-E, summoning a sidekick for whoever uses the H-dial. It's a major new development for the story, establishing that the dials have their own unique capabilities and limitations.
The introduction of the S-dial dramatically changes the dynamic between Nelson and Roxie, giving them the chance to partner up as heroes. When they're not dialed-up, the two characters are complete opposites that balance each other out: He's big, young, and headstrong, while she's small, old, and cautious. Nelson has come to depend on Roxie for control and they turn to them for excitement; when they dial together, the dependency transforms into sexual chemistry, especially with Nelson in the sidekick role. Roxie commands them to remember their real identity as they patrol the streets, and Nelson adores the domination. When they come back home, Roxie tells Nelson that they want them to do what they want, and the issue ends with them pulling them in for a kiss. This new element of romance complicates things considerably moving forward, and there are multiple layers to this issue's cliffhanger. Both characters are only partly in control of their actions when they're dialed, acting on impulses they're feeling while in the midst of the ultimate act of wish-fulfillment. How that kiss will affect their lives outside of the dial's influence is yet to be seen, but Miéville will surely take this relationship in more unpredictable directions as the series continues.
Superheroes are the modern-day equivalent of classical mythical figures, looking at real-world problems through a filter of epic spectacle. In the context of a colorful superhero adventure, Dial H asks serious questions about identity and power: What kind of person needs to constantly wear a mask? What does an average person do when given extraordinary power? What does that kind of power do to the mind?
Advertisement
These deeper philosophical questions are presented alongside a narrative mystery that stretches back to ancient Babylon. The H-dial was originally a sundial, and this issue provides small flashes into Thomas Edison's creation of the contemporary telephone model, which includes the appearance of a heavily armed giraffe and a hero with a law textbook for a head. The introduction of the S-dial in this issue provides some more clues about the true nature of the devices, which appear to be instruments designed for war. The H-dial bestows great power on one individual while its companion device instills a sense of eager obedience, giving the main hero the ability to control their forces however they see fit. Dial H #0 was one of the strongest issues of DC's #0 month, and hopefully DC will keep this book running long enough for Miéville to fully explore the mythology of this world that he's steadily expanding with each new issue.
Fittingly, given its themes, Dial H does not look like other superhero comics. The four artists that Miéville has worked with—Mateus Santoluoco, Riccardo Burchielli, David Lapham, and Alberto Ponticelli—each have distinct styles that are vastly different from the current DC house style, giving the book a visual sensibility that's as unique as the script. Ongoing artist Ponticelli comes to this book from the gritty Unknown Soldier and the fantastic Frankenstein: Agent Of S.H.A.D.E., and Miéville's scripts take advantage of their talents for grotesque realism and superhero spectacle. They draw every little hair on The Centipede's mask and every fold in Bristol Bloodhound's saliva-covered jowls. Small details like the wrinkles in a superhero costume help establish this book in a more realistic environment than the rest of the DC universe, even if it takes place in the same world as Superman, Batman, and the Justice League.
Advertisement
Rumor has it that the Flash gets dialed next issue, and it will be fascinating to see how Miéville and Ponticelli handle an injection of the DCU into their largely self-contained story. Hopefully the guest appearance will translate to a boost in sales, as Dial H isn't the hottest seller at DC, but it deserves to be. Dial H is the perfect superhero comic for anyone that has gotten tired of flat characters and uninspired crossovers; it would be a shame to see it cut short before Miéville has the chance to finish their story.
Welcome to Wednesday! I wasn't quite ready for it, so today's post is more of a PM post than an AM post. If you found yourself frantically refreshing, wondering if I'd abandoned you, I'm sorry. See someone about that, though, because you might have a problem. Moving on!
Central Market has moved from Italy on to some kind of cheddar mayhem. So if you've got $20 and want a pound of cheese, you know where to go.
We have all kinds of apples on sale for less than $1/lb, and organics for under $2/lb, so if you were thinking of perfecting your apple pie recipe now's the time. Also, invite me over. Double also, what are you thinking? It's 95 degrees out. Don't turn the oven on! Bake in November when it's only 85.
This week three places have organic potatoes on sale, which normally I don't even see in one flyer, so if you're an organic potato shopper this is your week! Russets, Red and Yukon Golds are all on sale.
Pork chops, grapes, cantaloupes and cheese are all on loss-leader prices this week, so stock up!
Fiesta
chicken drums & thighs combo, family pack 69c/lb (Fiesta limit)
mixed pork chops, family pack $1.49/lb (Fiesta limit)
snack size gala apples 29c/ea (DD)
large pomegranates $1.69/ea
Russet potatoes, 5lb bag $1.50/ea (DD)
Roma tomatoes 44c/lb
Fiesta brand vegetable oil, gallon $4.99/ea
Fiesta saltines 99c/ea
Randalls
bscb $1.99/lb
Honeycrisp apples $1.59/lb (DD)
Pantry Essentials brand milk, gallon $2.50/ea
Oak Farms ice cream, half gallon $2.50/ea
Lucerne cheese, 2lb brick or shredded $5/ea (FRI only)
HEB
blackberries, 6oz 97c/ea
Fuji apples, 3lbs $1.77/ea (DD)
Gala apples 97c/lb (DD)
kale, spinach, lettuce 98c/lb (DD)
Hass avocados 39c/ea (grackle only)(C15)
organic Russet potatoes, 3lbs $3.47/ea (DD)
baby back ribs, whole in bag $2.97/lb (limit 2)
Sprouts
black seedless grapes 88c/lb (DD)
cantaloupes 88c/ea (C15)
organic Honeycrisp apples $1.98/ea (DD)
Gala, Jonagold or Cameo apples 98c/lb (DD)
pork sirloin chops, boneless $1.79/lb
bulk rolled oats 50c/lb
Whole Foods
organic red or yellow bell peppers 98c/ea (DD)
possibly organic potatoes in sacks, but since all I've got is this to go on it's hard to know, since ‘sack' isn't a standard unit. It certainly looks like a deal, with the saving of $4.01 and all, but you'll have to let me know if you visit WF.
Wheatsville
organic green bell peppers 99c/lb (DD)
Smart Chicken thighs or drums $1.99/lb
organic potatoes: Red, Russet, Yukon Gold 99c/lb (DD)
Weekly Flyer Links
That's it for this week. Signing off. Cheep Cheep!
We are a unique informational platform, created with South Africans in mind including those living in diaspora and locally. Buzzsouthafrica creates informative and relevant contents that meet the needs of South Africans. We have put a lot of infrastructure in place to bring you focused, high-quality contents with the most relevant news information, updates on popular events, biographies of notable people and amazing places you need to see in South Africa.
We channel these into various categories which include Travel, People, Entertainment, Politics, Tech, Love, Nature, among many other verticals.
We answer some of the most important questions you may have about your most-loved celebrities and famous individuals, helping you see how you are connected. We encourage you to read through our articles and immerse yourself in deep knowledge of what matters to you, especially at these times the world is changing so fast.
Here are a few articles you may find interesting:
People
Get ready! Executive producer Gale Anne Hurd and the diabolically fiendish minds behind AMC's The Walking Dead are plotting to hit east Los Angeles with their zombie apocalypse, and it's not going to be pretty. AMC's Fear the Walking Dead is a “companion” series that promises to fill us in on how the zombies took over and explore new territory beyond The Walking Dead.
The series, which premieres Sunday on AMC at 9/8C, follows high school teacher Travis and their blended family, including financee Madison, their two teenage children and Travis's teenage son in east Los Angles as they try to survive what we as viewers know will be a zombie apocalypse that will threaten to destroy the human race. Fear comes from Hurd, Dave Erickson, Robert Kirkman, Greg Nicotero and David Alpert and stars Cliff Curtis, Kim Dickens, Frank Dillane and Alycia Debnam Carey.
Unlike the original show, which is based on a comic-book series, Fear has all-new characters and a new location. AMC has ordered a six-episode first season and picked up the series for a second season that will air in 2016.
I spoke with Hurd recently in an exclusive interview with Blastr about what we can expect from Fear the Walking Dead, how the new series is different and why they wanted to take on this new project.
What's the setup of the new series?
We start with the very early stages of the zombie apocalypse. In keeping with The Walking Dead, this is a grounded representation of what would happen to a family as the world is collapsing around them because of this contagion. We started The Walking Dead almost a month in as Rick wakes up from their coma. So this series is full of the confusion that everyone has, the average person has, law enforcement, the military, the government, who really doesn't know what's going on and there's no precedent for it.
We're dealing with a blended family, one that's coming together like many families, not only in America, but throughout the world. They're coming to terms with what that means, which is hard enough without finding out that something devastating is going on.
Tell us about the location and why you chose it.
This is in L.A., and it's a part of L.A. that we haven't seen very much in films or television, in east Los Angeles. It is multicultural. It's very diverse, like Los Angeles is. It's working class ... it's not the Santa Monica. It's not the Hollywood. It's not the Beverly Hills. Nor the downtown. It's north and east of downtown.
We wanted to show an area that was not only representative of Los Angeles, but also representative of many urban communities throughout the United States. These are people who both work in a local high school. They're not upper class, and they're not in law enforcement. They don't come to this with the skills that a Rick Grimes or a Shane Walsh had as we started The Walking Dead.
What themes will be explored in the series, and how will they be the same or different than The Walking Dead?
The thing that remains constant is “Who would you be if this were to happen?” That is something that we examine with an entirely new cast of characters on the series. The difference is in The Walking Dead, Rick was trying to find their family only to find their best friend in the world has lied to their wife and said that he's dead. This is a family that is struggling to survive together ... so that's very different.
We are following a family. Travis and Madison are in a newer relationship. They both have children from previous marriages that they're trying to blend together. You've got all of the conflict and friction in this new relationship that's forming when society is collapsing. So that's, once again, something quite different.
What challenges have you had with Fear the Walking Dead?
Remembering that we are dialing it back and that the characters in this world don't know the rules, so you have to go back and say, "OK. It's not like Rick could sit down at dinner and eat at Morgan's in the pilot in the first episode of The Walking Dead and have someone explain the rules to him." It's important to not get too far ahead of our storytelling.
Dave Erickson and Robert Kirkman in the writers' room have crafted really compelling trips that are going to take you, the viewers, into worlds you have not experienced before. Some are really morally complex. Each person is going to approach this based on their own view of the world and their interpretation of what's going on, and they're going to come to different conclusions.
What's surprised you most so far?
Fresh walkers ... they are frightening. They are so close to the humanity that they had that they are shocking on a whole different level.
Gale, you've done The Terminator, Aliens, Alien Nation, Tremors, T2, Armageddon and The Walking Dead, to name a few. What's special about Fear the Walking Dead for you?
I'm dealing with an entirely new cast, both in front of the camera and on the crew, and that is what keeps me interested. Those are really remarkable and talented people. You want to see where the next day goes. You're on a journey, and that's what's so great about serialized storytelling. It's really pulling back the layers of these characters as they go deeper and deeper into a world that is unlike anything that they have experienced before and for which they don't have the skill set.
Why should people tune in on Sunday?
This series stands on its own, and I think it would be just as compelling because of the world and the characters even if The Walking Dead never existed.
Here's a look at Fear the Walking Dead:
Venezuela in caduta libera
Il Venezuela precipita, senza che nessuno sappia dire dove finirà… Ogni giorno, ormai da mesi, una manifestazione di strada e un morto… Ancor più torbidi gli episodi ultimi, attacchi presunti o reali a caserme e sedi ufficiali che una parte o l'altra denuncia e quella opposta smentisce… Lasciano intravvedere segni, manovre di assaggio d'una guerra civile di bassa intensità… Gli sporadici incontri tra governo e opposizione svaniscono senza lasciare traccia d'intesa, neppure un'agenda comune dei temi da discutere. Il Presidente Maduro sembra deciso al tutto per tutto, nella speranza di riuscire a riformare la Costituzione in modo da neutralizzare la maggioranza parlamentare di cui dispone l'opposizione nel Congresso.
L'elemento nuovo, che sebbene tardivamente va però consolidandosi, è la frattura del “chavismo”, il movimento civico-militare che il carisma dello scomparso Hugo Chavez era riuscito a creare attorno al suo progetto di sviluppo nazionale. La gigantesca rendita petrolifera dirottata a finanziare immediatamente scuola, sanità e assistenza pubblica nel sociale; e un'industria leggera ma intensiva, destinata al mercato di consumo interno e alla modernizzazione dell'agricoltura, nell'economia storicamente monopolizzata dal petrolio. Oltre frontiera, rafforzamento di un mercato comune sudamericano (MercoSur), ma conservando -sempre attraverso l'export d'idrocarburi- buone relazioni con i giganti petroliferi degli Stati Uniti e la loro rete bancaria.
Il colonnello Chavez si era distinto fin da quando era capitano ai corsi di alta strategia dell'esercito. E una volta Presidente, si era valso a livello operativo di ministri e consulenti di formazione marxista come Jorge Giordani, oltre che dei continui consigli di Fidel Castro. I risultati dei primi anni sono stati tali da garantirgli una forte adesione delle masse popolari, sebbene al prezzo della crescente insoddisfazione della classe media urbana, stretta tra un dirigismo tanto centralizzato quanto scarsamente efficiente e un'inflazione giunta rapidamente alle due cifre. Finchè i prezzi internazionali del petrolio sono rimasti oltre i 70/80 dollari il barile, mantenere in piedi i bilanci pubblici è stata un'impresa non agevole e tuttavia possibile.
L'improvvisa morte di Chavez e l'altrettanto inattesa caduta dei prezzi petroliferi hanno lasciato a Nicolas Maduro una eredità sempre più pesante, che egli non è in grado di gestire. Le sue scarse doti politiche e il carattere ostinato rendono definitivamente impraticabile un progetto comunque superato dalle circostanze storiche e che rischia di spingere il Venezuela in una tragedia tale da trascinare all' indietro il paese di decenni. Un bel pezzo di “chavismo” se n'è reso conto da tempo e negli ultimi mesi sommano a decine i dirigenti sia civili sia militari anche di vertice che criticano il Presidente e gli si oppongono apertamente. Come sempre accade in questi casi, il suo circolo più intimo ha avviato una sorta di “caccia alle streghe”.
La scissione però continua. In questi giorni hanno provocato un scossone le denuncie della Procuratrice Generale della Repubblica, Luisa Ortega, del generale Cliver Alcalà, intimo collaboratore di Chavez, di undici tra deputati e senatori, vari magistrati e una dozzina di militari di alto grado passati tra le fila dei dissidenti. Alcuni di essi, come l'ex responsabile della direzione nazionale del ministero della Pubblica Istruzione, Hector Navarro, e Ana Elisa Osorio, nota dirigente ambientalista, il sindaco Freddy Arenas, il deputato German Ferrer, marito della Procuratrice Ortega, gli ex generali Rodriguez Torres, già capo dei servizi segreti militari, Raul Salazar e Alexis Lopez Ramirez, hanno aderito a Marea Socialista, chavisti radicalmente critici che si presentano come una terza forza.
Cercano uno spazio d'intesa con l'opposizione meno estrema, qualche filo è stato allacciato ma la reciproca diffidenza rende esile i contatti. La stessa chiesa cattolica, pur incoraggiata dal Vaticano, appare estremamente cauta. Ragionevolmente, teme di restare invischiata in qualche gioco sporco da una parte o dall'altra (o da entrambe). Quasi tutti, a parole, ammettono che la situazione rischia di sfuggire di mano al governo e all'opposizione. Nei fatti, tuttavia, Maduro va avanti spingendo la riforma costituzionale e presenziando cerimonie militari, la crisi fa stringere le fila dei fedelissimi. La maggior parte suoi avversari arringano la piazza già esasperata dalla penuria alimentare e dall'insicurezza.
La vita quotidiana a Caracas è un'avventura alla ricerca della sopravvivenza. Alla politica che slitta nella violenza segue una criminalità comune per lo più spicciola, ma non per questo meno devastante, fatta di furti e saccheggi in abitazioni private e commerci. Aumentano, c'era da aspettarselo, le armi in mani poco affidabili. La crisi delle istituzioni paralizzate dal precario e nondimeno ineludibile equilibrio delle forze in campo (governo vs. Congresso, piazza vs. caserme), avvelena gli animi e una volta ancora il “golpe militar” è sulle bocche di tutti come un'ipotetica via d'uscita politica. Ma gli stessi militari, almeno quelli che hanno l'autorità per esprimersi, per ora la escludono. Cosi che la speranza di un dialogo è un filo esile che tuttavia resiste.
farmworkers toil in the fields of Oxnard, Calif., July 11, 2012. | Alex Proimos/CC/Wikimedia
This is part one of a three-part series titled, ”Job Talk,” which investigates aspects of work and society. Part two: “Work is more than a job.” Part three: “Meritocratic thinking devalues all work.”
The way we understand and talk about work and, more particularly, jobs, has a lot to do with how we as a society imagine economic justice. It informs how we imagine possibilities for organizing an economy designed to meet the collective human needs of our world, and how we craft economic policy to achieve that goal.
At the heart of the language we use to talk about jobs is the way we value work. We, as a culture, use phrases like “low-wage work” or “quality job” to distinguish not just good work from bad, but also to make distinctions in how we value particular types of work.
This kind of job talk has disarmed us in our efforts to create the most just and humane economy. It does so by conditioning the gross misperception that the way we value work has something to do with the inherent nature or value of the work itself. When, in fact, it is largely a reflection of our social values, of the values our economy itself produces—particularly class values that emphasize maximizing private profit at the expense of socially produced wealth. To create a just economy requires not that we interrogate the work itself but that we interrogate the value system through which we characterize and put a price on the work we do.
To get at this issue, let's think about the job talk from the recent election.
Issues of jobs and wages were front and center last election season for candidates of both parties. Donald Trump complained that we no longer have quality jobs in America and that we need to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. Hillary Clinton's economic plan, their “new bargain for a new economy,” similarly focused on bringing back manufacturing jobs, identifying manufacturing jobs as quality jobs with typically higher salaries.
This political discourse that associates “quality jobs” with particular kinds of work in particular industries, manufacturing or otherwise, presents an erroneous view of what constitutes and creates a “quality job” and how our economic system determines the value of work.
If we were to define a “quality job” in minimal terms as one that pays a respectable living wage, offers a safe work environment in which workers have some control over the work process as well as a voice in the workplace, and provides some degree of fulfillment as opposed to being harmful to mind and body, then we have to recognize that these conditions are not tied to the type or nature of the work itself.
Let's take the sacred cow of manufacturing jobs as an example. Jim Tankersley, in a “Wonkblog” published in the Washington Post last May reported that, in fact, the families of many production workers actually rely on public assistance to supplement their wages, which between 2009 and 2013 cost state and local governments $10 billion per year on average, according to a study by Ken Jacobs, Zohar Perla, Ian Perry, and Dave Graham-Squire, which Tankersley cites.
Jacobs, chair of Berkeley's Center for Labor Research and Education, underscores that while these manufacturing jobs were once a ladder to the middle class, now “the reality is production jobs increasingly resemble fast-food jobs or Walmart jobs.” What accounts for this trend of degrading manufacturing jobs? Jacobs makes clear that the decline in the quality of the job is not a factor of the nature of the work itself but of the decline of workers' power, namely of unions.
“The new production jobs,” they stress,” are less likely to be union and more likely to be low wages.” About 6 million production workers, including metalworkers, assemblers, and machinists, which account for roughly half of all U.S. manufacturing jobs, receive public assistance. Putting Jacobs' analysis in the concrete terms of actual human lives, Tankersley tells the story of Philadonna Wade who works at the Detroit Chassis Plant in Avon, Ohio, where they earn $9.50 per hour with no benefits.
The key role of unions in ensuring jobs are quality jobs cannot be underestimated. We can see this fact exemplified by looking at hotel workers in Las Vegas. Until they organized, non-union workers at Trump's hotels made $3 less per hour than workers in similar jobs who are represented by Unite Here Culinary Workers Union Local 226. However, since winning their first union contract, the Trump hotel workers say they will have substantially the same contract as other Las Vegas hotel workers, including pension, health care and job security benefits. The Culinary Workers Local 226, the largest labor union in Las Vegas, “has done a spectacular job catapulting thousands of dishwashers, hotel maids and other unskilled workers into the middle class , ” according to the New York Times .
These examples tell a compelling story that, one, bringing back or re-creating manufacturing jobs is not equivalent to creating “quality jobs,” and, two, that a key factor in ensuring the work we do finds form in a quality job is having strong unions.
The question we fail to ask and take up as a culture is whether a quality job has to do with the nature of the work itself or instead with the working conditions created and wages paid for any particular job. In short, we have not as a culture seriously interrogated our measures for valuing work or the dictates of humanity regulating the conditions in which people perform socially necessary labor.
Our society needs people to pick our cabbages. Why do we allow that work to be done in pesticide-ridden fields in conditions hostile to human life? Why do we allow the work to be done for substandard wages? The work is not only socially necessary, it is vital to make all of our lives possible in the most basic of ways. We need to ask ourselves if the nature of this work itself merits a low wage and a biologically harmful and humanly antagonistic workplace.
Changing our language from talking about work in terms of education or skill-level to other terms, such as its necessity to our lives, might—and likely would—begin to alter the way we think about and value work. This change in thought and language won't itself alter our wage structure and working conditions, but it will begin to foster a popular consciousness that supports unions and the rights of all workers to a quality job.
A critical part of the solution to economic inequality and persistent wage stagnation is not to ask workers to increase their value but to transform the way we as a culture value the work people do to make our lives possible and to generate wealth. Perhaps such a shift in our thinking would pave the way for the very necessary redistribution of wealth.
Islamic State militants in Syria forced children as young as 14 to watch videos of beheadings and beat them with cables during six months of captivity, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday.
The Sunni Muslim militants abducted a group of children on May 29 as they returned to the Syrian town of Kobane after taking school exams in the city of Aleppo. It freed the final 25 hostages on Oct. 29.
Islamic State has captured swathes of Iraq and Syria, declaring an Islamic caliphate that erases borders between the two. Its fighters have killed or driven away Shia Muslims, Christians and other communities who do not share their ultra-radical brand of Sunni Islam.
Kobane, a predominantly Kurdish town on the Syrian border with Turkey, has been besieged by Islamic State militants for more than a month despite US-led air strikes meant to displace them.
The abuse of more than 150 children, some held as long as six months, amounted to war crimes, Human Rights Watch said, citing testimony from interviews with four boys among the group.
The children described being forced to pray five times a day and undergoing intense religious instruction, as well as being forced to watch videos of Islamic State in combat and beheading captives, the New York-based group said.
"Those who didn't conform to the program were beaten. They beat us with a green hose or a thick cable with wire running through it. They also beat the soles of our feet," it quoted one boy as saying.
"They sometimes found excuses to beat us for no reason ... They made us learn verses of the Koran and beat those who didn't manage to learn them."
The boys said they were given no reason for their release other than that their religious education was now over. The last children to be let go were now seeking shelter in Turkey, the rights group said.
Those from families with members fighting with the Kurdish militia, called YPG, which has been defending Kobane, were singled out for abuse, the children said.
Their captors, who came from Syria, Jordan, Libya, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia, "told them to give them the addresses of their families, cousins, uncles, saying, 'When we go to Kobane, we will get them and cut them up.' They saw the YPG as infidels," one 15-year-old boy told Human Rights Watch.
Other Kurdish children and adults are still in captivity, the rights group said. Islamic State is also thought to hold less than 10 Western hostages, including foreign journalists.
The United States and its allies have pounded Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria since August, stepping up the bombardment after the insurgents moved in on Kobani in October.
WILLIAM BOWEN, a former president of Princeton, calls it “Harvard envy”. Other American universities try to emulate the Ivy League, which raises costs. They erect sumptuous buildings, lure star professors with fat salaries and hire armies of administrators. In 1976 there were only halves as many college bureaucrats as academic staff; now the ratio is almost one to one. No wonder average annual fees at private universities have soared to $31,000 in 2014, a rise of around 200% since the early 1970s (see chart). Each new graduate in America is now about $40,000 in debt. People who take costly arts degrees may end up poorer than if they had never been to college (see article).
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Digital technology can make college cheaper without making it worse, says Michael Crow, the president of Arizona State University (ASU) in Phoenix and co-author of “Designing the New American University”. This idea is not new. For a few years now, massive open online courses (“MOOCs”) have enabled universities to beam lectures to wide audiences for a tiny marginal cost. The problem has always been that taking a MOOC is not the same as attending college in person. MOOCs are cheap, but students cannot bump into each other in the library and swap ideas, chit-chat or body fluids.
ASU seeks to mix online and face-to-face instruction in a way that makes both more effective. For example, one reason why college costs so much is that many students fail to graduate on time. Only three-fifths finish a four-year degree within six years. This may be because they are ill-prepared when they arrive: shaky numeracy leads many to drop out of courses that require maths. ASU uses technology to diagnose and address such shortcomings. All students are tested on arrival and given remedial help if they need it.
Teachers cannot keep an eye on all their charges, so the university's “eAdvisor system” nags them instead. Since 2008 it has given all freshmen an online achievement plan, including a constantly updated dashboard that shows whether they are on track or drifting towards the exit.
Online introductory courses, full of prompts and explanations, ensure that teachers do not have to keep going over the basics in seminars. This frees time to teach the more difficult stuff. Data analytics allow tutors to identify which students are stuck and arrange the right response.
Early results look good: ASU has almost doubled undergraduate enrolments since 2002, to 82,000, kept its degree costs reasonably low ($10,000 a year for in-state applicants) and increased the share of students who graduate after four years from under one-third to half. The goal is to raise that to two-thirds in this academic year.
As well as chivvying laggards, software can make courses more fun. One of the most popular at ASU, on space exploration, offers nifty interactive sessions, allowing students to learn astronomy by way of a quest to find out what a habitable extraterrestrial world might be like.
Providing more of its coursework online also helps a university to serve students far away. Phil Regier, the dean of online studies at ASU, says that the number of students who study remotely is growing fast. They tend to be older, holding down jobs, bringing up families and fitting in their studies whenever they can grab time in front of a screen. They pay the same fees as in-state students who live on campus.
This works out well for the university, which can educate more fee-paying students without building bigger lecture halls. Extra sources of income are handy at a time when the state of Arizona is cutting funding for higher education. Mr Crow is quick to spot opportunities: ASU has linked up with Starbucks, a coffee chain, to provide online degrees for company staff.
The notion that online degrees are inferior is starting to fade. Top-notch universities such as Pennsylvania State and Columbia now offer them in many subjects. Georgia Tech has had an online-only master's degree in computer science since 2014, which it considers just as good as its campus version. Minerva, a “virtual” university based in San Francisco, offers online seminars to students who hop from city to city gaining work and cultural experience.
Even Harvard, long a digital resister, has softened a bit. From this year, its master's course in public health can be done full-time, part-time or in intense bursts. For much of it, students do not need to be present on campus, so long as they gain the required course-credits. That touches on another idea that could change the way other courses are taught, paid for and accredited: the SPOC (Small Private Online Course).
Whereas the mass-market MOOC is aimed at large numbers of people with different levels of knowledge and commitment, SPOCs are focused on particular groups of students who are qualified to take the course and ready to interact with others while learning. Harvard's Kennedy School of Government runs a popular SPOC on American security policy: alongside the campus students in Cambridge, Massachusetts, 500 more take the course online. They are required to dedicate time to it and do lots of homework, but so far they can receive no formal credit for it.
That seems odd. Robert Lue, who runs HarvardX, the university's digital arm, says that it is becoming easier to imagine prestigious universities creating SPOCs for course-credits. Mr Lue approves. “The Harvard idea for the 21st century is not to end up as the education equivalent of a heritage park,” they say.
Clayton Christensen, the Harvard professor who coined the term “disruptive innovation”, thinks American universities are too firmly wedded to their old costly ways to embrace the digital revolution. But Jose Ferreira, who runs Knewton, an education technology firm, predicts that as online courses proliferate and are made easily available in the (computational) cloud, students will embrace them. The present design of colleges they sigh, resembles “a 19th-century factory that builds everything on site”. In the next few years, Mr Ferreira says, at least one of America's large elite institutions will break ranks and accept credits from the best online courses as part of a mainstream degree. At that point, they reckon, “the rest will quickly follow.”
Freeing universities from their geographical constraints might mean that undergraduates at, say, Ohio State could collect an extra course-credit or two from Harvard. That could increase choice for students and create new revenue streams for the universities with the best digital offerings. Old-fashioned colleges that fail to offer value for money, however, may find that their lecture halls start to empty.
The origins of the Abhinav Bharat are shrouded in mystery. It is named after, and said to be inspired by, the secret society of students that Savarkar started in 1905 while they were studying at Fergusson College in Pune. That society believed in revolutionary violence, in turn drawing its name and inspiration from the Young Italy movement of the Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Mazzini.
But when Savarkar got a scholarship for higher education in England in early 1906, they left India. The Abhinav Bharat remained inactive for decades and in 1952, five years after Independence, the Hindu Mahasabha leader disbanded it.
Who revived it and how is not quite clear. In an interview given to Outlook magazine in November 2008, Himani [Savarkar] claimed that the Abhinav Bharat in its new form was started by Sameer Kulkarni, who was “a part of the RSS”. The Maharashtra ATS has named Kulkarni among those who provided logistical support for the Malegaon blast of 29 September 2008 that left six dead and scores injured. It is believed to be the handiwork of the Abhinav Bharat. (There had also been a blast in Malegaon in 2006 but the case involving the Abhinav Bharat relates to the blast of 2008.)
When they were interrogated in connection with the Malegaon case, Himani told the police that they were elected president of the Abhinav Bharat in April 2008 during a meeting in Bhopal. They also said that Sameer Kulkarni was working on the organisation's growth in Madhya Pradesh.
Other testimonies as well as the FIR drafted by the then Maharashtra ATS chief Hemant Karkare suggest that Lieutenant Colonel Shrikant Purohit – who allegedly played a key role in the 2008 Malegaon blast – was the real architect of the Abhinav Bharat. According to some of the interrogations led by the Maharashtra ATS, Purohit started the Abhinav Bharat in June 2006 when they led over a dozen people to the medieval Maratha king Shivaji's fort in Raigad.
“We took the blessings of Shivaji Maharaj's throne and decided to name the trust Abhinav Bharat and prayed for its success,” a participant in that trip told the police. Later, in February 2007, the group decided to register the organisation in the form of a trust, and the official address given for the purpose of registration was that of Ajay Rahirkar, a resident of Pune who became the treasurer of the new body. They too are one of the accused in the Malegaon blast case.
Malegaon blast scene | Image credit: Reuters
The Abhinav Bharat would have remained mired in obscurity had it not been for the bomb blast on 29 September 2008 in the Muslim-dominated powerloom town of Malegaon in Maharashtra.
The probe into this incident dramatically changed the terror trail in India. It was led by Hemant Karkare, who was subsequently killed in the Mumbai terror attack on 26 November 2008. The investigation unravelled for the first time a conspiracy by right-wing Hindu groups – in particular, the Abhinav Bharat – to spread terror in the country.
Although the Abhinav Bharat was a small, Maharashtra-centric outfit, the blast it allegedly engineered was a truly pan-Indian operation. According to the findings of the Maharashtra ATS, the plot was supposedly drawn up and fine-tuned over five meetings, with Lieutenant Colonel Purohit playing a key role in hatching the entire conspiracy.
The first meeting was held at Faridabad during 25-27 January 2008. Apart from Purohit, it was attended by a number of their accomplices, most of them members of the Abhinav Bharat. Some important individuals who were present and who were also named in the charge sheet along with Purohit include retired Major Ramesh Upadhyay, Sameer Kulkarni, Sudhakar Chaturvedi and Amritananda Dev Tirth (who is also known under the names of Sudhakar Dwivedi, Sudhakar Dhar and Dayanand Pandey).
These people met for a second time over 11-12 April 2008 at Bhopal. This time, as per the Maharashtra ATS, Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, a former activist of the ABVP, was also in attendance. The participants “conspired together to take revenge against Muslims in Malegaon by exploding a bomb [in a] thickly populated area. Accused [Shrikant] Purohit took the responsibility of providing explosives. Accused Pragya Singh Thakur took the responsibility of providing men for the explosion. In this meeting, all the participants agreed and consented to commit the explosion at Malegaon.”
The third meeting was held in the Circuit House at Indore on 11 June 2008. According to the charge sheet led by the Maharashtra ATS, it was at this time that Sadhvi Pragya Singh introduced Ramchandra Kalasangra and Sandip Dange to Amritananda Dev Tirth as two reliable individuals who would plant the bomb at Malegaon. A fourth meeting was held in the first week of July 2008 in Pune, where the Sadhvi asked Amritananda Dev Tirith “to direct” Purohit “to give explosives” to Kalasangra and Dange.
Finally, in the fifth meeting, held on 3 August 2008 at the Dharamshala of the Mahakaleshwar Temple in Ujjain, Purohit was “given the responsibility to procure the RDX” for Kalasangra and Dange. He, in turn, authorised Rakesh Dhawade, “a trained expert in committing explosions and assembling Improvised Explosive Devices”, to provide explosives to the duo at Pune, where they met on 9-10 August.
In early 2011, the Malegaon blast case of 2008 along with other investigations into Hindutva terror activities were handed over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
The NIA was held up for a few years by a series of petitions led by the lawyers of the accused. Later, especially after the formation of the BJP-led government at the centre, the investigative agency faced allegations that it was not moving fast enough because of pressure from above.
In June 2015, Rohini Salian, the special public prosecutor working on the 2008 Malegaon blast case, stunned everyone with their accusation of the NIA – the agency had asked them to be lenient with the accused, most of whom were members of the Abhinav Bharat. In a detailed interview given to The Indian Express, they said “over the past one year”, since “the new government came to power”, they had been under pressure from the NIA to go “soft” in the case.
They sounded extremely pessimistic about how they saw the case proceeding in the changed environment. “Maybe they [the NIA and the government] want to loosen it [Malegaon 2008 blast case] and ultimately lose the case because they cannot withdraw it.”
Salian's revelation is significant not only because they have built a formidable reputation over three decades of legal practice, handling a number of cases as Maharashtra's chief public prosecutor, but also because they were among the few with whom ATS chief Hemant Karkare discussed their findings in detail.
Even though the outcome of the investigation hangs in the balance, its nature and scope were unprecedented. The transcript of the set of meetings held by the members of the Abhinav Bharat over 2007 and 2008 is explosive. The proceedings were recorded by one of the participants (Sudhakar Dwivedi alias Amritananda Dev Tirth) on their laptop, and they provide us a glimpse of the Hindu Rashtra that is the ultimate goal of the Abhinav Bharat.
The conversations, which are part of the charge sheet of the 2008 Malegaon blast case, delve into various issues ranging from a new Constitution and a new flag for the proposed Hindu Rashtra, to the justification of bomb blasts and the Abhinav Bharat's cordial relations with the RSS and the BJP.
Here is an excerpt from one of them:
“LIEUTENANT COLONEL PUROHIT: We will fight the Constitution, will fight the nation; this Constitution is not ours. [...] The only way is to knock it down [...] SUDHAKAR DWIVEDI: On the first page of the Constitution it is written that the People of India have adopted this Constitution. How did this happen? On what basis could people adopt the Constitution? Was there any referendum? No. Was there any debate on it? No. How could then it is passed? How was this written on behalf of the people and who wrote it? [...] PUROHIT: Swami ji, if this is so then we have to fight the Constitution; we have to fight for our independence. SUDHAKAR DWIVEDI: We have an ancient science of administration. Our Smritis are the Constitution of our society. At present there are as many as 14 Smritis in this country. Collect them together [...] PUROHIT: In this country we want to have Hindu Dharma or Vedic Dharma based on the Principles of Vedas. MAJ (RETD) RAMESH UPADHYAY: This Constitution is not applicable to us, will not be acceptable to us; another Constitution will come into place; then Hindu Rashtra is established.”
But a new Constitution based on the smritis was not considered sufficient for the new Hindu Rashtra.
The key architect of the Abhinav Bharat also proposed a redesign of the tricolour: “The flag shall be solo tamed saffron flag having a golden border and an ancient golden torch. Length of the flag [shall] be twice its width [...] There will be four flames in four directions on that saffron flag representing [four] Vedas.”
In order to establish the Abhinav Bharat as the conscience-keeper of the new nation, the transcript shows Purohit arguing that “wherever Abhinav Bharat is started, there should be a temple, the temple of Bharat Mata [...] That would give sanctity to the idea of nationhood.”
Such language reveals utter contempt for the institutions of the Indian state and the laws of the land. At one point, some of the participants in the conversation, including retired Major Ramesh Upadhyay and Lieutenant Colonel Purohit, own up to the responsibility of having carried out some of the earlier bomb blasts that had been seen as “the handiwork of the ISI”. At another point, Purohit makes it clear that anybody who came in the way of the establishment of the Hindu Rashtra would not only be “politically excommunicated” but they would be “killed”.
Sources
Verinder Grover (ed), VD Savarkar, Deep & Deep Publications, New Delhi, 1993, p 428.
Christophe Jaffrelot, “Abhinav Bharat, the Malegaon Blast and Hindu Nationalism: Resisting and Emulating Islamic Terrorism”, Economic and Political Weekly, 4 September 2010, p 52.
“Chargesheet of Malegaon 2008 blast case”, ATS Maharashtra CR No. 18/2008.
Excerpted with permission from Shadow Armies: Fringe Organizations and Foot Soldiers of Hindutva, Dhirendra K Jha.
In the busy world of cryptocurrency there are as yet no juicier stories than that of the DAO Ethereum fiasco that gave rise to the battle: Ethereum vs. Ethereum Classic. Although the full story of the DAO issue is available everywhere on the internet, the Readers Digest version is that a type of investors group, called a distributed autonomous organization (DAO), raised $150M in working capital – in Ether – through community crowdsourcing. Promptly thereafter, in June 2016, hackers exploited a loophole in the regulations governing purchase and sale of ether, inserted a recursive command, and made off with $50M in the currency. Or they almost did. Because of a 28-day hold imposed on withdrawals of this nature, the money couldn't disappear into the bad guys' wallets.
That's where the schism began. The majority in the Ethereum community saw this theft as a uniquely bad thing. It was important, they felt, that the money be returned to its rightful owner/investors. So, they instituted a do-over – a re-coding of the block in the blockchain that effectively erased the theft. It was known as a hard fork, since it irrevocably edited the history of Ethereum.
The Hard Fork
While most saw this as a positive step, there were others who saw it as a rejection of everything that blockchain stood for: an immutable and transparent record of contracts and transactions. “What good is a blockchain,” they asked, “if anyone can simply go in an edit is on a whim?” This group rejected the results of the 2016 hard fork and continued on with a parallel Ethereum blockchain that retained its original history, including the losses incurred in the DAO attack. They named it Ethereum Classic.
A year later, both strains of the currency continue to exist. Ethereum (ETH) is by far the most successful, being the second most popular currency after Bitcoin. It recently sailed to a high of $380 or so, and dropped during July 2017 to below $200, which many analysts say is a correction to more realistic valuation, following months of speculation, bandwagon fever, and ICOs. It has a market cap of $18,349,161,492. Ethereum Classic (ETC) has remained the underdog, with a more humble price of $16-17, and a market cap of $1,619,859,188 (all numbers current as of July 14, 2017, in US dollars).
But they both still exist, and neither is out of the running despite the confusion – and potential for duplication – that the existence of parallel Ethereum blockchain structures allows.
The Differences
So, what are their differences? What is the essence of the Ethereum vs. Ethereum Classic divide? Ethereum (ETH) is the success story at present. The big players including Vitalik Buterin are behind it, and they continue to improve and enhance the platform. A major shift is on its way that will change ETH mining from a proof-of-work model to a proof-of-stake. This may change the game for cryptocurrency mining in general, if successful, but because it is happening after the hard fork, owners and miners of Ethereum Classic will be left out, with no access to this or any other change.
ETH is the darling of the investment crowd at present and is homing in on Bitcoin's kingdom.
But then there is the ideological split. The camp that supports Ethereum Classic asks “how many more corrections will be allowed? How many more hard forks? How many more violations of the supposed sanctity of the blockchain? How many different versions of Ethereum might this create?”
Philosophical differences in an ideal tend to create acrimony, splinter groups, and the potential for sabotage, which can lead to public disputes and negative press in an era when all cryptocurrencies continue to struggle for mainstream legitimacy.
The Future
Despite the split, both versions of Ethereum have a future worthy of scrutiny. Although Ethereum (ETH) has plummeted from its 52-week high of $380, it continues to be the primary fuel of the ethereum blockchain, which itself continues to gain traction in all areas of commerce and finance, with major banks, industries, and governments instituting tests of blockchain technology for their day-to-day activities. Along with its ongoing evolution and sophistication, it stands a good chance of rebuilding and exceeding its peak price of last month and growing market share.
As for Ethereum Classic (ETC), it more than held its own in mid-July, gaining value while the other big five all descended along very similar lines. Short-term future gains might also be realized as China's major exchanges all bring ETC online in the next few days.
As blockchain technology continues to evolve, the principles of internal purity and immutability may become significant deciding factors for those interested in purchasing Ethereum, but who are wary of its DAO misstep. Its relatively low price point might pale in comparison to ETH and to Bitcoin, but they, too started at the bottom and had to work upwards.
For the time being, the two exist like David and Goliath, or Shrek and Donkey, depending on your approach. But with the advent of the proof-of-stake mining change, the Ethereum vs. Ethereum Classic relationships might yet even out.
Comedian and TV host Chelsea Handler will take on controversial conservative pundit Tomi Lahren in a live conversation later this month at Politicon, The Daily Beast has learned. The third annual political convention, which will be held on July 29-30 in Pasadena, California, will also feature a discussion between Handler and CNN's Jake Tapper as part of that network's "Politics on Tap" series. Handler, who previously hosted the celebrity-driver Chelsea Lately on E!, has become an increasingly political critic of President Donald Trump since launching their Netflix show Chelsea last spring, leading the Women's March at Sundance and regularly hammering the current administration on a weekly basis. In September 2016, they planned a showdown with another prominent female conservative, Ann Coulter, who canceled at the last minute.
— Matt Wilstein
Editor's note: This article has been updated to reflect that the event will be an interview, rather than in “debate” format as previously described.
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
In Hyogo Prefecture, Japan, 66 year-old Kenichi Okada began building a 2 meter tall Z Gundam statue for their grandchild. They spent eight months working on the statue, which weighs 40 kilograms.
According to Yahoo! Japan, the child didn't show much interest in the result.
Okada built the Gundam out of wood, which made creating the rounded sections of the Gundam tricky. Since the grandchild wasn't impressed, Okada decided to display the Gundam in the lobby of the agriculture co-op where they work.
The image of this Z Gundam debuted last fall on Twitter, and it was retweeted over 16,000 times. Hey, even if that kid wasn't impressed, the internet sure was—er, is.
兵庫のＪＡ支店に手作りの「Ｚガンダム」 孫喜ばせようと８カ月も…関心示さず [Yahoo! Japan]
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find them on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
One day Zen Master Rinzai (Ch. Lin-chi) said, “There is a true man of no rank (ç„¡ä½çœžäºº) in the mass of naked flesh , who goes in and out from your facial features. Those who have not yet testified, look, look!”
A monk came forward and said, “Who is this true man of no rank?”
Master Rinzai came down from their seat, grabbed the monk by the throat and said, “Speak! Speak!”
The monk hesitated.
Master Rinzai let go and said, “What a worthless shit-stick this true man of no rank is!”
I first started to grasp the idea of the person of no rank (the above is a standard translation in which the genderless word äºº – pronounced “hito” or “nin” in Japanese – has been translated as “man”) when I was in a Tokyo park watching some pigeons.
As I watched those birds gather around my bench hoping I'd drop some rice from my onigiri I noticed that the differences between me and those birds were fairly superficial. Up until then I hadn't thought much about my rank in relation to birds. If anyone had asked, I imagine I would have said that I was superior to birds in terms of intelligence and and inferior in terms of flying abilities.
More significantly, I would have assumed that my internal experience was more sophisticated and nuanced than that of a bird, since, for example, I can name the entire cast of Gilligan's Island whereas a bird couldn't be expected to do much more than whistle the theme song with no real understanding of the story the lyrics tell.
That day I noticed with a very sharp clarity that there really is no big difference between the various internal experiences of any being in the universe. Any rank I could assign to another person or creature was imaginary. This, when I was working in the extraordinarily rank-conscious world of Japanese business.
That doesn't mean everybody is equal in every way. Some people really are experts at certain things and we can learn a lot from them about the areas that they have studied and practiced. But that's not quite the same as the idea of rank.
To have no rank means you not only don't regard anyone as your superior, but you don't regard anyone as your inferior either. It's easy not to regard anyone as your superior. I used to do that so much I got to be an expert. I was superior to everybody. Including you! So there!
That's just arrogance and defensiveness. It's a coping strategy and it can work pretty well in lots of situations – again I can attest to its efficacy from lots of experience.
It was an eye-opener to see that while no one was my superior, no one was my inferior either. Little children, dogs, pigeons, hateful religious fanatics, rich dipshits in stupidly expensive cars who cut you off on the freeway, both of the guys from Hanson… none of them are in any way inferior to me or to you.
Take note. Although I described those guys in stupidly expensive cars as dipshits, this does not mean I am superior to them, nor does it mean they aren't still dipshits or that the excessive money they spent on their cars is any less stupid.
What I mean is that I can still have an opinion. So can you. More important I still do have an opinion and so do you.
A lot of times people hear stuff about being a person with no rank and try to envision what that would mean, then they train to themselves to act like the person-of-no-rank character they've created. What sort of dialogue would you write for your person-of-no-rank? Well, they have no rank, right? So they would simply looooooove everybody regardless of what they did or said. They would be just the fluffiest, most cuddly thing ever! They would only say lovey things and never call anyone a “dipshit” or, indeed, have any opinion about anyone anywhere ever!
I've run into a lot of people who strive for this and they are annoying as… hell, I don't know. Something really, super annoying. Is that the way Master Rinzai behaves in the example?
Having no rank doesn't mean having no opinion, no personality, no position on anything. It's more of an understanding of how things actually work.
This is not an easy understanding coming to or accept. Last Saturday I watched a movie called ROAR! It's an insane film about a family who try to share their home with dozens of gigantic killer lions, tigers, panthers, cheetahs and other big cats. The family is portrayed by a group of actors – including Melanie Griffith – actually sharing a real house in California with dozens of huge, un-tamed killer cats. It's the most amazingly deranged movie you will ever see.
Anyway, one of the plot lines in the film involves a struggle for dominance by two large male lions. Animal trainers warned the director that you could never use two male lions in a film because they'd spend the whole time trying to kill each other. This movie features something like seven male lions living in a house together. And they fight constantly.
The point is, our tendency to try to figure out where we rank in terms of others is not something that we invented when we started to form armies and assign some people to be sergeants and others to be corporals. It goes way back to our prehuman ancestors. It's not something you can think your way out of. This is because it's an inclination that operates at a much more basic level than that of thought. It doesn't matter if you think you're better than the other guy or not. By the time it has reached the level wherein you can think consciously about it, it's already established.
What you can learn to do, though, is to notice what's happening. Watch yourself slip into ranking mode. Don't try to stop it because by the time you've consciously noticed it, you're already doing it. Just recognize that it's meaningless the same way you recognize that just because that itch on the back of your head feels like there's a tarantula under your bonnet does not mean there really is a tarantula under your bonnet.
When you have no rank at all, you are free from comparison.
This is not a once-and-forever deal. It's not like you realize this once and then, forever after you are free from rank. In fact it's quite the opposite. You notice that the tendency to accord a rank to yourself and others is always there and always will be there. You notice that this is something you will always have to remind yourself about.
It's not necessary to play the person-of-no-rank role straight out of Central Casting either. In the moment that you need to modify your relationship to the ranks you assign to self and others, you'll see what you need to do. It won't always be what you want to do. You may, in fact, choose not to do what you clearly see you ought to. You'll also see what happens when you do that.
ONGOING EVENTS
TONIGHT, just like every Monday at 8pm I lead zazen at Silverlake Yoga Studio 2 located at 2810 Glendale Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90039. All are welcome!
Every Saturday at 9:30 am I lead zazen at the Veteran's Memorial Complex located at 4117 Overland Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230. All are welcome!
Registration is now open for our 3-day Zen & Yoga Retreat at Mt. Baldy Zen Center April 24-26, 2015. CLICK HERE for more info! YOU ONLY HAVE A FEW DAYS LEFT TO REGISTER! DO IT!!
UPCOMING EVENTS
April 24-26, 2015 Mt. Baldy, CA 3-DAY ZEN & YOGA RETREAT
May 16-17, 2015 Nashville, TN 2-DAY RETREAT AT NASHVILLE ZEN CENTER
July 8-12, 2015 Vancouver, BC Canada 5-DAY RETREAT at HOLLYHOCK RETREAT CENTER
August 14-16, 2015 Munich, Germany 3 DAY ZEN RETREAT
August 19, 2015 Munich, Germany LECTURE
August 24-29, 2015 Felsentor, Switzerland 5-DAY RETREAT AT STIFTUNG FELSENTOR
August 30-September 4, 2015 Holzkirchen, Germany 5-DAY RETREAT AT BENEDIKTUSHOF MONASTERY
September 4, 2015 Hamburg, Germany LECTURE
September 5, 2015 Hamburg, Germany ZEN DAY
September 10-13, 2015 Finland 4-DAY RETREAT
September 16-19, 20015 Hebden Bridge, England 4-DAY RETREAT
Plenty more info is available on the Dogen Sangha Los Angeles website, dsla.info
* * *
Your donations to this blog help out more than you think. Thank you!
A 22-year-old man from Manahawkin, New Jersey, has been arrested for raping their girlfriend's 2-year-old daughter and killing her, the Courier Post Online reports. The man, identified as Michael Disporto, Jr., was charged with first degree murder and sexual assault of the toddler on Sunday. The 2-year-old victim has been identified only by their first name “Ariana.” The toddler's mother, 26-year-old Amber Bobo, has also been arrested. They have been charged with second-degree endangering the welfare of a child.
According to Camden County Prosecutor Mary Eva Colalillo and Gloucester City Police Chief Brian Morrell, the murder of the child occurred on July 3, 2016, in Gloucester City. A statement issued by Camden County Prosecutor's Office added that Disporto will be arraigned before Superior Court Judge John T. Kelley today.
Baby Ariana in an image posted on their aunt's Facebook page
While the actual circumstances in which the toddler died is still under investigation, a press release issued by the Camden County Prosecutor's Office read as follows.
“On Sunday, July 3, a 911 call was made at approximately 6:04 p.m. and an ambulance responded to the 100 block of S. King Street in Gloucester City. The victim was transported by ambulance to Cooper University Hospital, where they succumbed to their injuries and was pronounced dead at approximately 6:26 p.m. on July 5, 2016.”
More details have been posted on a Facebook account by a relative of the child's father. We have embedded it below. The post is said to be a message from Ariana's grandfather who is not on Facebook.
The same account has also posted an older video of the little girl giggling and laughing in a car.
Relatives of the baby are shocked at the brutal manner in which their life was snuffed out. Destiny Hughes, one of baby Ariana's cousins, described them as the most beautiful baby you'd ever meet.
“She was the most beautiful baby you'd ever meet. They were always smiling, dancing, laughing. They went to bed with a smile, they woke up with a smile and she'd wake up in the middle of the night just to laugh. They were my whole world. They made me feel so good about myself.”
They added that the baby's mother, Amber Bobo, and the child's father had separated and that they were dating Disporto.
Meanwhile, a probable because statement filed in the case has revealed several shocking facts about the case. According to the statement, the baby was picked up by Amber Bobo and Disporto the day before the crime from their father's home. After getting custody of the child, Disporto told Amber they wanted to take them to a nearby park “to get to know the child better.” They returned 15 minutes later. In the evening, Disporto once again, took the toddler with them to watch a fireworks show. Amber did not accompany them because they were feeling very tired. The duo returned 30 minutes later after which Bobo put the child to sleep in their bedroom.
In the morning, Amber woke up to find that the toddler was not on the bed — but on a couch where Disporto was sleeping. The child was wrapped in a blanket. Amber did not think too much about it and went back to sleep again. When they woke up again, they found that the toddler was wearing a different outfit from what they had seen earlier. They also noticed several bruises on the child. When questioned, Disporto denied any knowledge of the same, and later claimed that the toddler had fallen in the park they had been to. When they insisted on taking the child to a hospital, Disporto talked them out of it. Later in the day, Amber found more bruises on child, especially in the genital areas. Once again, Disporto denied any knowledge and once again convinced them not to take the child for a check up. The couple then took the child to a local mall where the toddler started vomiting. Two hours later, they returned home and once again, the child started vomiting. Surprisingly, they did not take the child to a doctor even after this and decided to once again, shop at the mall.
After they returned home, the toddler's condition worsened and their eyes rolled to the back of their head, and and they became completely motionless. It was after this that Amber decided to call 911. This happened at 6:04 p.m. An entire day had passed and the toddler did not receive any medical attention until then. After the child was transported to the Cooper University Hospital, they were diagnosed with a subdural hemorrhage and cerebral edema. The child also had bruising and swelling on their genitals. Them humerus bone was fractured. There were traces of blood and urine on their abdomen. The child was kept on life support for the entire day and 24 hours after the incident, they were pronounced dead. The cause of death has been described as ” blunt force trauma to the head,” which meant that Ariana might have also been tortured by Disporto.
A photo of Ariana and their father posted on Facebook
Ariana's father, Rob, has been devastated by the incident and refuses to talk to anyone else. They were planning to celebrate Ariana's second birthday on July 15.
Paul Pearson, Ariana's step-grandfather, created a GoFundMe page for Ariana where donations have been pouring in.
“A few short days ago Rob was planning a 2nd birthday party (7/15) for their princess and now they are planning a funeral,” Pearson wrote on the page.
[Images Via GoFundMe, Facebook]
As of this evening (Monday 24th September) the official streams of The 2nd Law will be available online. See the full list below for all our international streaming partners or CLICK HERE to be redirected to your local stream.
Enjoy!
United Kingdom: The Guardian @ 20:00 GMT 24th September
United States: iTunes @ 00:00 PST 25th September
Argentina: Clarin
Australia: JBHiFi
Austria: Kurier
Belgium: Studio Brussel, De Standaard and Pure FM
Brazil: iTunes
Canada: iTunes
France: Le Parisien
Germany: MyVideo
Hungary: Langologitarok
Ireland: TodayFM
Italy: Repubblica
Japan: Noize
The Netherlands: NRC
New Zealand: NZ Herald
Poland: OneT
Portugal: FNAC
Romania: Radio Guerrilla
Russia: Yandex
Slovakia: Fun Radio
South Africa: Look and Listen
Spain: El Pais
Sweden: Aftonbladet
Switzerland: RTS
Plus, tune in to the radio in the UK tonight to hear exclusive tracks being played on Radio 1 (in Zane Lowe's show), 6Music (on Steve Lamacq's) show, Xfm (Drivetime), Q and Kerrang.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kent and Cheshire both had a crime recording rate of about 84%, inspectors say
More than 40,000 reported crimes including violent offences were not recorded by three forces, figures show.
As a result Kent and Cheshire have been rated inadequate and Cambridgeshire requires improvement, HM Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) said.
Cheshire and Cambridgeshire improved but had more to do, while Kent's performance "slipped significantly".
Cambridgeshire and Cheshire said they were making progress. Kent said it accepted the findings.
The three are the latest to be inspected as part of a programme across forces in England and Wales.
Insp Zoe Billingham, of HMIC, said the Kent force had "taken its eye off the ball as a result of poor supervision" and audit inconsistencies had led to "false-positive" results.
"The force thought it was still doing the right thing whereas in reality its crime recording standards were slipping," they said.
Cheshire had improved but needed to do more Insp Mike Cunningham, of the inspectorate, said.
They said the force failed to record more than 11,600 crimes, but added: "We found that some serious crimes such as violence and sexual offences were being actively investigated but had not been recorded as a crime."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cambridgeshire was recording about 88% of reported crimes
Unrecorded crimes
Kent - over 24,300 (June to November 2016)
Cheshire - over 11,600 (June to November 2016)
Cambridgeshire - over 7,000 (March to August 2016)
Source: HMIC
Insp Billingham said Cambridgeshire had implemented previous recommendations.
But they said: "It was accurately recording about 88% of all crime reported to it - which means that more than one in 10 crimes were not making it on to the books."
Cambridgeshire's Assistant Chief Constable Dan Vajzovic said the force had improved.
'Not failing victims'
"While it is of concern that some crimes are being recorded differently and this needs to be addressed, my focus remains firmly on protecting and safeguarding our communities," they said.
Cheshire's Deputy Chief Constable Janette McCormick, said: "While we agree that there have been some crime recording errors, this does not mean we are failing victims, nor does the report call into question the integrity of officers and staff."
Kent's Chief Constable Alan Pughsley said all crimes not recorded had been reviewed.
They said the force was working to increase its accuracy, with extensive training under way.
"We have worked hard with HMIC to improve our crime data integrity, not just for the last year, but going forward, and will not rest until we are satisfied it is the best it can be," they said.
People walk past the logo for the upcoming Super Bowl XLIX between the Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots on January 28, 2015 in Phoenix, Arizona (AFP Photo/Rob Carr)
Phoenix (AFP) - Health authorities in Arizona are on alert after warning that 1,000 people may have been exposed to a measles outbreak as the US state prepares to host this weekend's Super Bowl.
Arizona's Department of Health recommended that any unvaccinated child or adult who had been in contact with infected people to spend 21 days in isolation at home to curb the risk of spreading the virus.
Anyone deemed at risk of infection has been offered doses of immune globulin, which would not prevent them from getting measles but can reduce symptoms if administered within six days, authorities said.
Measles are highly contagious and can be spread through the air without physical contact. Infection usually begins with a fever, followed by a cough, runny nose, conjunctivitis and a rash.
Complications from measles can include blindness, hearing loss, pneumonia and death. One to three children of every 1,000 infected with measles will die from it, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"This is a critical point in this outbreak," Arizona Department of Health Services Director Will Humble said in a statement.
"If the public health system and medical community are able to identify every single susceptible case and get them into isolation, we have a chance of stopping this outbreak here."
Humble said more than 1,000 people were believed to have come into some contact with seven measles cases confirmed in Arizona so far.
- Disney outbreak -
The latest outbreak has centered around the Disneyland theme park in Anaheim outside Los Angeles, and has grown to 84 confirmed cases in 14 states, 67 of which are known to be linked to the Disney outbreak, the US Centers for Disease Control said Thursday.
Four of the patients diagnosed in Arizona are members of one unvaccinated family who visited the California resort.
The Arizona warnings come as the state's capital Phoenix welcomes visitors for this weekend's finale to the American football season, the Super Bowl, between the Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots.
Sunday's showpiece -- the biggest event on the American sporting calendar -- is the climax of a week-long jamboree whose epicenter is a swathe of downtown Phoenix dubbed Super Bowl Central featuring exhibits, beer gardens, free concerts and nightly firework shows.
Local media reports estimate that a million visitors, many of them from out of state, will throng the complex of attractions this week.
The United States declared measles eradicated in 2000 -- meaning it is no longer native to the United States -- though the world sees about 20 million cases each year.
There were 644 cases of the disease in the US last year -- a big jump from 173 cases in 2013.
The spike coincides with an anti-vaccination trend that has emerged in recent years, particularly in North America.
Opponents fear the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine causes autism, even though an array of studies has ruled out any link.
"It is frustrating that some people have opted out of vaccination," said Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases.
January's 84 US cases exceeded the typical 60 or so seen each year in the United States over the past decade, they added.
Babies, people with cancer and certain immune deficiencies are unable to get vaccinated and rely on those around them for protection, a principle known as herd immunity.
Schuchat urged people to get the vaccine for their children, and if adults are unsure about their own immunity, they should get the MMR vaccine themselves.
Go Wine Tasting (or beer, spirits, and liqueur tasting)
Small family wineries and a craft distillery, and a taproom set in spectacular rural countryside offer critically acclaimed wines, award winning liqueurs, craft beers and unpretentious hospitality. Passionately created and diverse in style, there is an island wine to tempt every wine-lover. The wines of the island represent the full range of the Washington varieties and regions including the exquisite and rare estate wines of the Puget Sound AVA, the states' 3rd oldest designated grape growing region. The cool clean air, fresh spring water coupled with the finest ingredients culminates in world-class spirits.
For all that Whidbey Island has to offer – Charming seaside towns, unspoiled beaches, world class cuisine, a vibrant arts community and unlimited recreational possibilities, a good drink makes it that much better.
Reader Liam Rees saw some of the filming at Box Cemetery, Llanelli for Series 7 yesterday. They have kindly provided some pics and a detailed report.
Warning: more spoilers follow! Read ahead at your own risk.
SPOILER: show
In addition to Matt Smith and Karen Gillan, there was one Weeping Angel and River (Alex Kingston) who seemed to be wearing the same clothes as they did during their first appearance in Series 5.
The TARDIS was painted to look like stone. [Another reader reported that it was on set on fire and the Doctor puts it out.]
It's possible they were filming Amy's departure… They ran out from the TARDIS and stopped dead in front of the Weeping Angel and called the Doctor. They and River ran out in a hurry – River stopping behind – and the Doctor slowly approached the Angel. They stopped and tried pulling Amy away, but they were ignoring them and slowly walking towards the Angel. The Doctor was screaming, “No, no don't do this, please!”
River tried pulling the Doctor away, but they carried on. River said, “Come on, there's nothing we can do.” The Doctor shouted, “NO!” And then went up to Amy (who was still walking towards the Angel). They then entered the TARDIS in anger and sadness, followed by River. Then they cut and just repeated the scene over again.
Arthur Darvill was on also on set, but didn't participate much. I'm assuming the scene was set to be soon after New York because they had the green screen in front of the TARDIS to begin with and they were all wearing the same clothes! [How this fits in with the other spoiler is hard to say]
The security told me it Catherine Tate was on set, but I knew they wouldn't return. They MUST have meant Karen!
Another reader Ifan, sent in this report:
Two tough-talking Texas lawmakers issued blunt words of criticism to Attorney General Eric Holder this week, telling them in front of a Capitol Hill crowd that not only should they be held in contempt, but that they should be sitting in a jail cell.
The statements came in context of discussing just what Mr. Holder has allowed the Department of Justice to release in terms of documents on “Fast and Furious” — the gunrunning program that ultimately led to the death of border agent Brian Terry — and just what they haven't made public.
Republicans say Mr. Holder has refused to comply with several subpoenas issued from Congress for documents related to the operation and outright ignored a criminal contempt citation that members of the House issued against them months ago.
Mr. Holder's view is that they have released all the pertinent documents, as requested, and complied with congressional investigators.
Addressing that point, Rep. Blake Farenthold said, The Daily Mail reported: “I'm committed to maintaining the constitutional balance of power and the authority that this legislative branch has, and I just don't think it's appropriate that Mr. Holder be here. If an American citizen had not complied with one of the Justice Department's subpoenas, they would be in jail and not sitting here in front of me testifying.”
Mr. Farenthold then refused to ask Mr. Holder any questions, but instead turned the rest of their five minutes over to another member of congress.
SPECIAL COVERAGE: Second Amendment & Gun Control
Those brief remarks came on the heels of others, equally sharp, issued from fellow Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert who expressed frustration and anger at what they said was the Justice Department's stonewalling.
Mr. Gohmert said, The Daily Mail reported: “Sir, I've read you what your department promised, and it is inadequate. And I realize that contempt is not a big deal to our attorney general, but it is important that we have proper oversight.”
In response, Mr. Holder said: “You don't want to go there, buddy. You don't want to go there, OK?”
Mr. Gohmert replied: “Sir, we've been trying to get to the bottom of ‘Fast and Furious,' where people died, where at least a couple hundred Mexicans died. And we can't get the information to get to the bottom of that, so I don't need lectures from you about contempt because it is very difficult to deal with asking questions.”
Mr. Holder then said, “And I don't need lectures from you, either,” The Daily Mail reported. They also said that they would “put my record up against any other attorney general,” the newspaper reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
If you have a great coffee or side table but you don't know how to decorate it, this is the perfect place for you. Here you can find 10 stylish ideas about what to put on top of your coffee and side tables. Don't miss anything, and if you have nice suggestions you are welcome to comment below.
BOOKS
Choose a set of beautiful ans sophisticated books to put on top of your coffee or side tables. This will make your entire room look more interesting and you can always at any time, take one of these books, relax and read it.
FLOWERS
Flowers are always a good idea. You can choose any flower and any color that will look the best in your sitting room, chose a simple vase and voila: it makes all the difference. A simple detail such as putting flowers on top of your coffee or side table will give life to the entire room.
See also: La Dolce Vita in Blue by Jorge Cañete | Top 100 Interior Designers 2017
SNACKS
Who doesn't love snacks? Invite your family and friends over for some fun and relaxing time, put some snacks on your coffee or side tables and you will have the perfect evening. You can also serve some wine and your guests will love it.
TEA OR COFFEE CUPS
If you are the master of hospitality, you probably already thought about this idea. This is very simple, just put some coffee or tea cups on your coffee or side table, and offer the drinks every time you have guests over. But attention, it's important to choose a beautiful set of cups matching your sitting room because they will serve also as decoration.
TRAYS
This might seem a weird idea, but the truth is that having trays on top of your coffee or side table can be very stylish. The trick here is to choose a very adequate tray, which matches perfect with the environment of your sitting room.
See also: 10 Bold Ideas To Replace Your Traditional Coffee Table
UNIQUE ASHTRAYS
No, this idea is not only for smokers. Actually, this idea is not for smokers at all. Choose unique ashtrays for your coffee or side table but don't use them for ash. You should use them simply as stylish decoration and pieces of art. If you look for it, you will see that it's not difficult to find a big variety of different, unique and very stylish ashtrays.
BRASS BOXES
This is another magnificent detail that can make so much difference. A beautiful and easy touch such as choosing some brass boxes for your coffee or side tables can be an amazing addition to the decoration of your table.
See also: Get inspired by the latest coffee table designs
STATEMENT LAMP
This is simply an amazing addition and it can be super stylish in your coffee or side table. Choose your table lamp very well and if possible get a statement lamp which will call for the attention of the entire dining room. Here we give you an idea of one brilliant table lamp from Boca do Lobo.
CANDLES
Candles are always a good idea. You can choose very big statement candles and it will look very stylish in your coffee or side table and they can also smell very good. Besides, if you light them up it will create a very nice environment in your sitting room.
AIR FRESHENER
Finally, air fresheners are the best of two worlds: an amazing decoration and they also smell vert good.
See also: 10 Coffee Table Ideas for Next Year
Basic features of Go
Hello World package main import "fmt" func main () { fmt . Println ( "Hello, 世界" ) }
Declarations var a int var b bool a = 15 b = false a := 15 b := false
Functions func hello ( who string ) string { return fmt . Sprintf ( "Hello %s" , who ) } func fibo ( a , b int ) ( int , int ) { a , b = a + b , a return a , b } incr := func ( n int ) int { return n + 1 }
Control statements if x > y { return x } else { return y } const nb = 10 for i := 0 ; i < nb ; i ++ { fmt . Printf ( "Iteration n°%d
" , i ) }
Array / Slice var array [ 10 ] int var slice [] int list := [] string { "a" , "b" , "c" , "d" , "e" , "f" } other := append ( list [ 0 : 2 ], list [ 3 : 5 ]...) for k , v := range other { fmt . Printf ( "%d -> %s
" , k , v ) } // 0 -> a // 1 -> b // 2 -> d // 3 -> e
Maps data := map [ string ] string { "foo" : "bar" , "hello" : "world" , } for k , v := range data { fmt . Printf ( "%s -> %s
" , k , v ) } // hello -> world // foo -> bar
Packages package even func Even ( i int ) bool { return i % 2 == 0 } func odd ( i int ) bool { return i % 2 == 1 } // Even is exported Import ( "./even" "fmt" "os" ) os . Open ( filename ) fmt . Printf ( "Hello" ) even . Even ( 4 ) // Doesn't work: // even.odd(3)
Error handling f , err := os . Open ( name ) if err != nil { return err } if d , err := f . Stat (); err != nil { return err } doSomething ( f , d )
Defer func foobar ( name string ) error { f , err := os . Open ( name ) if err != nil { return err } defer f . Close () fmt . Printf ( "%v" , f ) return nil }
Facebook plans to scale up its service to offer free basic Internet on mobile phones, an executive said, after introducing the application in 17 developing countries over the past year.
In a blog post released to mark the first year of the initiative, Facebook said it will open a portal allowing any mobile operator to offer the service under its Internet.org platform. Facebook currently partners with specific operators to launch the service in different countries.
Internet.org has brought over nine million people online over the past year, Chris Daniels, vice president of product for Internet.org, told Reuters on Monday. Facebook developed the platform with six technology partners to bring an estimated 4.5 billion unconnected people online, mainly in Latin America, Asia and Africa.
It offers pared-down Web services for free to users, along with access to Facebook's own social network and messaging services.
Facebook's blog post said that over the past year, the service had brought new users onto mobile networks on average over 50 percent faster and that more than half the people using Internet.org are paying for data to access the wider Internet within 30 days.
“This is really a customer acquisition tool for mobile operators where the benefit to them of offering a very light amount of free data is to bring on more paying subscribers to their networks,” Daniels said, speaking from Nairobi, where they are attending a summit.
Facebook was not paying for any of the data being used to access the service, they said.
The Internet.org application, launched in India in February in partnership with Reliance Communications, faced backlash with a number of leading technology and Internet firms pulling out of the service after activists claimed it violated the principles of a neutral Internet.
“I would say India is unique in that respect and very much an outlier. In other markets, Internet.org has been embraced as a pro-connectivity initiative that has garnered a lot of support,” Daniels said.
A committee of the telecoms ministry set up to examine the issue of net neutrality earlier this month recommended that collaborations between mobile operators and content providers that enable “gatekeeping” roles should be discouraged.
(Reporting by Aman Shah; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Ye Olde Krusader. Ye Olde Krusader.
Ten years ago a simple twin panel file manager was released. It had a few small glitches like showing rrr instead of rwx for permissions, had some compatibility issues with Debian and Solaris, did not save keyboard settings, but it was, in spite of many bugs, sort of usable for everyday work. Ten years ago Krusader started on the path to becoming a top file manager for a large range of operating systems and users.
It started with young developers Shie and Rafi, over some falafel. In spite of academic duties they kick-started an application which became a very popular Total Commander like file manager for the Free Desktop. On January 1st 2002, version 1.0 was released by the Krusader Krew.
Krusader pioneered many innovations for file management, like tabbed file browsing, advanced bookmarking functionality and a highly customizable interface. The Krusader website has the full story written by Matej Urbančič.
Today version the first beta for 2.2.0 is released, codenamed 'DeKade'. It features better trash integration, many new tabs actions, queued packing and unpacking and much more. You can find it on the Krusader Downloads page.
Frank Schoolmeesters, long time Krusader supporter and Documentation Master, uses this memorable day to call out to Free Software enthousiasts:
"We are still calling for new developers.
"Currently we have only one (new) active developer, all the other developers are basically 'retired', and one developer is not enough to do stable releases, so currently we only do beta releases."
You can contact them and the Krusader team at the Krusader website, and they'll help you to get involved! The Krusader code can be found in the Extragear/utils repository.
In recent weeks, China has announced—many times—that it will ignore the ruling of a panel convened by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Philippines v. China .
The panel, Beijing says , is a “law-abusing tribunal,” the case is a “farce,” the award “amounts to nothing more than a piece of paper .” Said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang on the ruling, “We will not accept it or recognize it.”
The decision from The Hague is expected in a few hours.
The case will, among other things, determine the legal status of a handful of land features in the contested South China Sea. Yet China's anticipatory repudiation has significance far beyond the matters to be determined by the panel.
In short, Beijing, with its declarations that it will ignore the court's findings, looks set to put itself outside the international community.
That community now needs to think about what it will do to defend the systems of laws, resolutions, pacts and treaties that make up the world's rules-based order. Nations, in general, should begin imposing costs on China for its renegade stance.
The Philippines, as a signatory to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, brought the action in 2013, just months after Beijing seized Scarborough Shoal. The shoal, 124 nautical miles from the main Philippine island of Luzon, guards the strategic Manila and Subic Bays and was long thought to be part of the Philippines.
In early 2012, Chinese vessels surrounded the shoal, as did those from the Philippines. American officials persuaded both sides to withdraw their craft, but only Manila complied, thereby permitting the Chinese to seize the feature. The United States, seeking to avoid confrontation, decided not to hold China accountable for its deception, essentially an act of aggression.
China was not satisfied with its prize, however. After seeing no opposition at Scarborough, it increased pressure on Second Thomas Shoal, off the coast of Palawan, also in the South China Sea. There, Manila in 1999 grounded a World War II–era landing ship, the Sierra Madre , and placed a small detachment of marines on board to mark sovereignty. The Chinese have been trying to prevent resupply of the troops.
The Philippines, which could not hope to compete with China ship for ship even in its own waters, chose lawfare. At first, Beijing did not grasp the significance of the case filed by the now-departed Aquino administration, but China eventually realized its importance and contested the jurisdiction of the Court, filing a position paper in December 2014.
Beijing, as was its right, did not accept arbitration delimiting sea boundaries when it ratified UNCLOS, as the UN sea convention is known, in 1996. Yet by ratification it implicitly accepted arbitration of other matters. Last October, the arbitration panel ruled it had jurisdiction on seven of the fifteen matters raised by Manila. Since then, Beijing withdrew and has not participated in the substantive phase of the case.
Most observers expect the Philippines will prevail on at least most of the matters to be decided. China's positions on South China Sea issues, after all, are generally inconsistent with the UN convention, not to mention customary international law. Beijing's “cow's tongue”—the name informally given to about 85 percent of the South China Sea within either nine or ten dashes on official maps—includes features claimed by five other states and abuts other nations in locations far from Chinese shores.
Perhaps an adverse ruling will persuade the Chinese to negotiate its claims, as many hopes, but that's unlikely. Beijing in recent years has announced intransigent positions that allow no compromise, and in fact China has never settled a South China Sea claim except to issue a clarification that the Natuna Islands, but not their surrounding waters, belong to Indonesia.
As the controversial Hugh White of Australian National University notes, Beijing's repudiation raises “the obvious question.” What happens, they ask, when China ignores the expected ruling?
The answer, most unfortunately, is nothing. Too many times in the past, the international community has allowed China to cherry-pick, to obtain the benefits of agreements it signed while ignoring the obligations it did not like. And rarely did other parties impose meaningful costs on Beijing for such blatant disregard of commitments. Because countries shied away from holding China accountable, Beijing this time feels it can ignore the UNCLOS ruling with impunity.
What's the rationale for such meek behavior? Countries wanted to entice the Chinese into accepting global norms.
The thinking underpinning today's policies was set decades ago. “Taking the long view, we simply cannot afford to leave China forever outside the family of nations, there to nurture its fantasies, cherish its hates, and threaten its neighbors,” Nixon famously wrote in Foreign Affairs in 1967.
They were correct then, but now China, inside the family, is still nurturing, cherishing and threatening. And at the same time it is taking down—from the inside now—the legal norms that the world took a century to put in place.
Yes, China is large and should have a voice—the argument that Beijing often makes for inclusion in agreements—but Beijing is using that voice irresponsibly. The only thing worse than having China outside the community of nations is having it inside and shaking it from within. At the moment, that is exactly what is happening.
China says it has “no intention to unravel the system or start all over again,” to borrow the words of former diplomat Fu Ying, speaking on behalf of Beijing. As they told a Chatham House audience in London this month, “China has a strong sense of belonging to this UN led order system, as China is one of its founders and a beneficiary, a contributor, as well as part of its reform efforts.”
Those words are what we want to hear, yet by flouting UNCLOS, a UN-sponsored pact, China is demonstrating that it does not believe it should be bound by its rules, and its defiance is helping to unravel “the order system.” Bilahari Kausikan, a Singapore diplomat, understands that China's reaction is “a matter of wider significance than the South China Sea.” As they told the New York Times , “The importance of the issue is whether international rules will be obeyed.”
As long as there is no penalty for violation, China will not obey those rules to its detriment or enmesh itself into the international system of norms, laws, treaties and conventions.
So what is the remedy? The ultimate answer is, in some fashion, to impose costs. In the South China Sea matter, the first cost to be imposed should be expulsion from UNCLOS. The convention, like many agreements of its type, has no provision permitting that remedy, however. It has some enforcement mechanisms for various matters, but they would not be effective for China's defiance of an arbitral award.
Perhaps now is the time for extraordinary economic pressure on Beijing, especially because its economy is showing signs of stress. And at a minimum, countries should not sign new agreements with Beijing while it continues to act like a renegade. China, due to thuggish behavior, should be shunned.
Yet shunning is not much of a punishment for a regime determined to get its way, no matter what. The international community has no Plan B for Chinese disregard of norms, and policymakers and analysts are not even talking about developing one. This is a conversation we must now have.
Gordon G. Chang is the author of The Coming Collapse of China. Follow them on Twitter @GordonGChang.
Image: The guided-missile cruiser USS Anzio. Flickr/U.S. Navy​
Credit: Nick Bradshaw (Marvel Comics)
Credit: Marvel Comics
CM Punk is writing comic books for Marvel and DC. Stephen Amell, star of the CW's Arrow, recently participated in (and won) a match against two trained wrestlers in WWE's second biggest event of the year. You might be asking yourself “why are superhero comic books and professional wrestling overlapping?” The answer is this: they always have.
Good vs. evil. Brightly-colored costumes. Considered juvenile entertainment for outsiders, but loved by all ages. Sound familiar? It's superhero comic books, right? Yes, but it's also professional wrestling. You have your supermen, your warrior women, your mysterious shadowy figures lurking in rafters, as well as the goofball characters that are just there to have some fun. For every Superman you have your John Cena; for every Deadpool you have your Dean Ambrose. Digging deeper, for every Stan Lee you have your Vince McMahon.
“I think it runs a lot more deeply than the obvious, ‘adolescent power fantasy morality tale' comparisons that everyone likes to make,” said Aubrey Sitterson, former Marvel editor and WWE writer. “There are just a ton of similarities. You can start with when they rose to prominence - in their current form at least. Yes, there was wrestling and comics prior to the middle of the 20th century, but that's really when they took hold. There are practical reasons for this like the rise of television and the various economic factors that increased comic book distribution, but I also think that it speaks to the specific role that these mediums often serve for their audiences.”
Credit: The CW / WWE
In the 1930s, the dramatic costumes of circus strongmen and pulp heroes inspired both the looks of superheroes and professional wrestlers. Superman might be mocked for their red underwear on the outside, but in professional wrestling that's still the norm.
Credit: WWE
“Visually, the way the characters and wrestlers look. The physicality of it, the costuming, the promos...all portrayed in a wrestling ring, which is kinda like a comic panel if you think about it,” cartoonist Jill Thompson told Newsarama. Thompson is best known in comic books for their work on Beasts of Burden and Scary Godmother, but she's also found their way into wrestling circles. They designed the wrestling gear of WWE's Daniel Bryan, and has illustrated children's books for another WWE Hall of Famer, Mick Foley. Them husband, Brian Azzarello, even co-wrote a Spider-Man story with a professional wrestler – but we'll get to that later.
It's not just comic creators who have a love for wrestling – it's reciprocal. In locker rooms around the United States, Mexico, Japan and elsewhere, comic books, graphic novels and manga are being read. One of Japan's most popular wrestlers, Jushin “Thunder” Liger is based on a manga/anime series by Go Nagai. In the 1990s, WCW created an unlicensed rip-off of Spider-Man called – get this – Arachnaman. Another wrestler, Raven, become known for wearing Sandman shirts and quoting from comic books in their time in WWE, WCW and ECW. Former WWE and ECW champion Rob Van Dam owned a comic book store while they as a wrestler called RVD's 5-Star Comics. For many, their interest in professional wrestling grew in tandem with that of comic books.
Credit: WWE
One of WWE's most prominent rising stars Finn Balor bases their look on Marvel's Venom and Carnage. Balor has even dressed as Bane and the Joker in their ring entrances when they were competing in the independent circuit.
“Comic books were my first love. I've been reading comics since I was about 4 or 5 years old as my dad loved them and they introduced them to me at a very young age,” said Leon St. Giovanni, an independent wrestler who's worked for the major independent promotion Ring of Honor. “When I became a fan of professional wrestling, I saw people that were literally larger than life. They were bigger, faster, stronger, could fly, wore cool costumes. To me, wrestlers are real life superheroes. It doesn't surprise me that the two worlds collide so often these days. I love that it has become more acceptable to merge the two. I distinctly remember going crazy for Rey Mysterio's Wrestlemania outfits.”
Some older fans might remember different runs of wrestling-based comic books: from Marvel's short-lived WCW title to Chaos! Comics horror-tinged WWE (then WWF) books. Would it surprise you to learn that some wrestlers financed and wrote comic books about themselves in the third person? Wrestler-turned-actor Kevin Nash did it – for Image, no less – with 1999's Nash series, and the Ultimate Warrior did it several years before.
And wrestling as subject matter is again on the rise in comic books. From the long-running independent series Headlocked to the upcoming Image series Ringside by Joe Keatinge and Nick Barber. Marvel is re-kindling the Thing's long-lost ties as with the fictional Unlimited Class Wrestling Federation in an upcoming Guardians of Infinity backup story by Jason Latour and Jim Cheung. And then there's the asupervisorstioned CM Punk, who has long quoted the Thing's “It's clobbering time!” when wrestling, and is now co-writing the Drax series for Marvel with Cullen Bunn.
One of the most potent examples of connection between wrestling and comic books is Spider-Man's Tangled Web #14. It was written by Scott “Raven” Levy and Brian Azzarello, and follows one of the major character's in Spider-Man's origin story: Crusher Hogan. Coincidentally, Crusher had an analogue in the Sam Raimi Spider-Man movie played by WWE Hall of Famer, Randy “Macho Man” Savage.
Credit: Marvel Comics
“Having the experience and expertise allows you to write the character accurately,” said St. Giovanni. “Raven knows what a wrestler sounds like, talks like, and that's extremely important. I wouldn't want to read a comic about a wrestler that was inaccurate.”
Savage would not to be last wrestler to cross over in the superhero world. In 2014, WWE alumnus Dave Bautista was Drax in Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson might be the most successful wrestler-to-actor transition story and will be seen as Black Adam in DC's Shazam! feature film. Current WWE star Sheamus beat out CM Punk for the role of Rocksteady in the upcoming Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2.
CM Punk recently wrote a story in DC/Vertigo's anthology series Strange Sports Stories, and the project was one that had several ties to professional wrestling.
“Editor Molly Mahan reached out to me because they knew that I had the comics and wrestling connection, and as a fellow wrestling aficionado, they realized that the book absolutely had to have a wrestling story," said Sitterson, who also contributed a story to the recent anthology.
Lastly, the biggest correlation between comics and wrestling by far is the idea of a secret identity or “ring name” as it's called in wrestling jargon. People wearing masks and capes fighting for their cause and it's this simple concept of going under another name that separates them from their character. While some wrestlers such as John Cena and Brock Lesnar go by their real names, an overwhelming majority of wrestlers use a stagename to seperate their real life from their fictional personas.
Credit: Leon St. Giovanni
Leon St. Giovanni's name and wardrobe was inspired by one of Spider-Man's villains, Kraven the Hunter.
“It started out when I discovered Inter Species Wrestling. Most of the wrestlers who worked for the promotion had characters inspired by animals. I wanted to wrestle there so I started playing with ideas for a character that could really stand out. I already had a fur vest that I wore to the ring (for no apparent reason). I decided to actually give it meaning.”
They bought a whip, made a necklace out of teeth, and sent ISW a picture of themselves in a Kraven the Hunter-esque getup and created a character that would hunt down all of the creatures in ISW.
Credit: Papercutz
“He's the anti ISW wrestler and I believed it would be successful. Fortunately, it has been so far.”
St. Giovanni dubbed their character “King of the Kill”, but the inspiration for their looks didn't stop there.
“That was just the start. I recently started wearing gear inspired by Nova. I'm looking forward to having more superhero gear this year. I'm currently designing Black Bolt inspired tights as well as designs based on Namor and Colossus.”
When asked about having a secret identity to use when wrestling, St. Giovanni compares it to one of comic book's most famous ones.
“I sometimes feel a parallel to Clark Kent. Clean cut with glasses during the day and tights at night. I feel like a superhero in a sense, so having a secret identity seems fitting," said the wrestler. "Giving yourself a ring name is no different than giving yourself a superhero name.”
Marijuana has a reputation for being a safe drug, but some researchers say there is mounting evidence that the drug is associated with adverse heart complications. In two new case studies, two young men in Germany—ages 23 and 28—with no drugs other than THC in their systems and no known health issues (though the 28-year-old had used other drugs up until a few years ago), both died due to complications from abnormal heart rhythms, or arrhythmias.
"After exclusion of other causes of death, we assume that the young men died from cardiovascular complications evoked by smoking cannabis," the researchers conclude. They added that the two men may have also been predisposed to cardiovascular risks.
Though the researchers tell LiveScience there have been some "quite unpleasant reactions from individuals" following their report, and while some researchers say there isn't a strong enough link to implicate marijuana, there is mounting evidence that there are "marijuana-associated adverse cardiovascular effects, especially in young people," an author of a similar study said in an American Heart Association statement.
Either way, one toxicologist says people should proceed with caution: "Some people who are predisposed to cardiac events may be particularly vulnerable to potential harmful effects of marijuana use, and the new report shows this." (Berkeley, meanwhile, recently voted to give free medical marijuana to the poor.)
More From Newser
I never thought being a divorced father would put me in a special interest group, but in doing marketing research for my memoir on divorced dadhood , I came across several "" websites, activists, and blogs arguing for stronger child custody protections , fighting media stereotypes , and even debunking what they consider domestic violence myths
The volume of their buzzing reached a new decibel when Lifetime TV announced their intention to air Deadbeat Dads, a reality show in which National Child Support founder Jim Durham travels about the country, lassoing fathers who refuse to pay child support. Originally called "Bad Dads," the idea was floated -- then apparently sunk -- at FOX. The only real surprise is that it was never called "POPS."
Of course, one can say hunting deadbeat dads on Lifetime is no different than going after dog beaters on Animal Planet, blowing up gophers on the Golf Channel, or inviting Richard Simmons on The 700 Club. The audience wants blood. And deadbeat dads are an easy target, MUCH easier than single moms ever were (see: D. Quayle vs. M. Brown, 1992).
The problem -- says Fathers & Families, a dad-vocacy group -- is that a strong majority of divorced dads with shared custody pay child support regularly, so such a program paints an unrealistic and demeaning stereotype of divorced fathers.
A much-lauded editorial in The Washington Times calls Deadbeat Dads a cheap shot that ignores "the damage the show can cause children, wives and other family members." It also cites a study finding that 77 percent of noncustodial fathers are not able to spend court-ordered time with their children as a result of "visitation interference" by the custodial parent. Comparing apples to Apple Jacks, the piece concludes, "In short, lousy moms outnumber deadbeat dads 3-1."
I'm all against stupid reality television shows that put otherwise decent human beings and their families in a despicable and embarrassing light (unless said human beings are degrading themselves for prize money). That said, I think the only people substantially stereotyped by images of deadbeat dads are other deadbeat dads.
As a divorced father myself, I don't feel maligned by a show villifying deadbeat dads any more than I feel maligned by To Catch a Predator simply because I met an (appropriately-aged) girlfriend online, or by Bernie Madoff's atrocities simply because I'm Jewish. The subliminal association isn't between "deadbeat dads" and "divorced dads" as much as it is between irresponsible and responsible behavior.
But it's still a show that does no one any good.
If you want to see some really "bad dad" influences, just watch Everybody Loves Raymond or any sitcom featuring a pudgy, buffoonish, sedentary man-childish father with a knockout wife.
Better yet, let's boycott the majority of Father's Day cards that emphasize our laziness, our inattentiveness, our proximity to senility, and our love of all things nautical.
Those negative stereotypes of average, law-abiding dads are much more dangerous in my book, because that's who I am. And I'm not into boats.
Joel Schwartzberg is an award-winning essayist and author of "The 40-Year-Old Version: Humoirs of a Divorced Dad"
ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- Three-year-old Ameeya Nelson passed away Tuesday evening, according to their aunt and grandmother.
 They are the third person critically injured when fire broke out at the High Street home on Saturday morning. Ameeya's 25-year-old mother Virginia Ortiz and six-year-old brother, Willie Nelson, died after firefighters pulled them from the burning home.
The family was told by first responders that Ortiz was downstairs when the fire occurred and that they ran back upstairs to save their children. Ortiz was found upstairs covering their children.
Friends and family gathered again Tuesday evening at the scene for a candlelight vigil for the victims.
Six other people were hurt in the fire, including three firefighters.
There's still no word on a cause.
The family is looking for help with funeral costs. If you wish to help the family, you can visit the fundraising page a family friend has set up for them here.
Just as one cannot imagine what it must be like for a woman to be assaulted by a man, so too is the idea of a man being sexually assaulted by another man an unimaginable act. That is what actors Terry Crews and James Van Der Beek claim happened to them. And as if to prove that the same sinister culture that protected Harvey Weinstein for three decades still exists, neither actor will name their abuser(s).
Their silence is frustrating. We want them to name names. We want to see justice done to every sexual abuser. After all, silence is the abuser's greatest enabler. But what is truly at fault is a system that keeps Crews and Van Der Beek silent, that very same Hollywood culture that protected Weinstein for so long.
And it is not just Hollywood that protects these abusers. When names are not named, the same NBC News that killed Ronan Farrow's Weinstein bombshell, is able to protect Hollywood with outrageously generic headlines like this.
Using their Twitter account, earlier this week Crews detailed the story of a “high level Hollywood executive” who “groped their privates.”
My wife n I were at a Hollywood function last year n a high level Hollywood executive came over 2 me and groped my privates. (2/cont.) — terry crews (@terrycrews) October 10, 2017
Jumping back I said What are you doing?! My wife saw everything n we looked at them like they were crazy. They just grinned like a jerk. (3/cont.) — terry crews (@terrycrews) October 10, 2017
I was going to kick their ass right then— but I thought twice about how the whole thing would appear. (4/cont.) — terry crews (@terrycrews) October 10, 2017
“240 lbs. Black Man stomps out Hollywood Honcho” would be the headline the next day. (5/cont.) — terry crews (@terrycrews) October 10, 2017
Crew says they “told everyone who needed to know” about the incident, but so did a number of Weinstein's alleged victims. And we all know how that worked out.
Moreover, this is criminal behavior, above and beyond something you take to your human resources department.
Wednesday night, Van Der Beek told their sordid tale:
https://twitter.com/vanderjames/status/918349928547708929
https://twitter.com/vanderjames/status/918350756092305413
Van Der Beek says they have not named their abusers because two of them were charged and one has died.
https://twitter.com/vanderjames/status/918494477957980161
If they were charged and punished, if they are dead, why not tell us who they are/were? Only good things can come from this. Especially if there are other victims blaming themselves.
The only answer is fear… Fear of a backlash within an entertainment industry that enables sexual predators like Roman Polanski for as long as they make rain, fear of a backlash from an NBC News that protects Bill Clinton, Ted Kennedy, and Harvey Weinstein, even when they possess smoking gun- audio of Weinstein admitting to their behavior.
Until Hollywood and the mainstream media create a culture where women and men, like Crews and Van Der Beek, not only feel comfortable naming names, but understand that naming those names is the only proper thing to do, the victims in Hollywood will just keep piling up like so much cordwood.
Look right now at how — at this very moment, as though they have learned nothing from the Weinstein scandal — the entertainment media is protecting Ben Affleck from mushrooming allegations.
And let us never forget the political aspect of all this. Hollywood, our media, including the entertainment media, will always make it career suicide to tell an inconvenient truth about a leftwing sacred cow.
NBC News refused to publish what will prove to be the story of the year, what is already the biggest scandal in Hollywood history. If our media is that corrupted and depraved, can you blame Crews and Ven Der Beek?
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Human beings have a limited capacity to care. If we had to wake up every morning and worry about sweatshops/the environment/human trafficking/homelessness/tax evasion/the cure for cancer/the fact that Stephen Mulhern is considered to be a legitimate television entertainer, then we'd all have crippling anxiety and depression. Or, at least, more of it.
That's why – mostly – we each choose a couple of things to care about. Some people protest this, others protest that, and almost every cause can find its champions. Every so often, however, something so horrendous happens that we're all forced to care at once (#KONY2012) and right now, one such thing is taking place.
The United Kingdom is slowly becoming a surveillance state. In November, the Investigatory Powers Act (aka Snoopers' Charter) passed into law, and last week, the Digital Economy Act joined it. The former has been ruled illegal by the EU's highest court, and the latter called “inappropriate” and “untrammelled” by a House of Lords committee.
But wait! There's more! On Friday, a leak by privacy campaigners Open Rights Group showed the government are allegedly drafting laws that would allow live surveillance of Britons' internet use. All in all, then, some #KONY2012 levels of everyone-should-care are occurring, except, well, no one does.
The Digital Economy Act was first proposed way back in the days of Dave, but was quickly curbed by the coalition. Any outrage felt at the time has slowly died down, with the same true of the Snoopers' Charter – which The Guardian, at the time, said “passed with barely a whimper”. As such, there are relatively few headlines about UK surveillance measures, and it shows. In June 2016 72 percent of Britons didn't know anything about the Investigatory Powers Act.
It's hard, then, to keep up to date with the government's wacky new surveillance methods – which makes it even harder to care. And yet, we all love Black Mirror, right? And I'm pretty sure 1984 sold at least a few hundred copies. So, with that in mind, here's a challenge. Can you tell the difference between the plots of dystopian novels and actual UK laws?
What a twist! What a shock! All of that surveillance is a-OK in the UK. Here are some links to find out more about how the Investigatory Powers Act, Part 5 of the Digital Economy Bill, and the UK's new porn prohibitions are becoming scary fact.
The company will still sell iced tea. Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images
The Long Island Iced Tea Corporation's stock rose by 432 percent on Thursday after the company announced that it would be changing its name to “Long Blockchain Corp.”
According to a statement, the company is now “shifting its primary corporate focus towards the exploration of and investment in opportunities that leverage the benefits of blockchain technology,” though its subsidiary, Long Island Brand Beverages, will continue to sell drinks.
A UK company, On-line Plc, had a similar experience when its shares rose by 394 percent after it changed its name to “On-line Blockchain Plc” in October.
Blockchain is a digital ledger that allows people to make instant and secure transactions. It's the underlying technology for cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and has attracted billions of dollars of investments in the tech industry.
Blockchain evangelists have been preaching that the technology will revolutionize everything from financial services to toasters. Major tech companies like Microsoft and IBM are currently running experiments with blockchain, and more than 100 banks are now trying to find ways to incorporate the technology into their transactions.
I was in the middle of a Three Boulder maneuver, when the incoming call icon flashed on my Total Immersion display. I glanced at the icon, causing the details of the caller to appear. Work was calling. More precisely, my direct supervisor. This was merely a title rather than any real authority and I had no intention of pausing the game. This was exactly why I set my status to ‘Unavailable' before starting to play Volcanic Rumble. Another glance at the flashing icon and the call was directed to the Interactive Automated Persona Emulator. Usually, nobody leaves a message on the IAPE. Everyone just hates talking to a piece of software which has the sole purpose of getting rid of you in the most polite manner possible. Not this time though. Another icon flashed for a brief moment indicating that a new message had been received. Worse than that, the message icon was blinking in a pattern indicating that this message had been designated ‘Urgent'. I don't think I had ever received one of those until that day. For a brief second, a frightening thought crossed my mind but was immediately dismissed. It would take more than a seemingly ominous message from work to make me stop playing Volcanic Rumble, which was of course, the best and by far the most popular immersion game on my planet.
Volcanic Rumble, or as it is more commonly called, ‘VoR', is a game of strategy. Two teams, each consisting of 5 players, battle on a square map divided in the middle by the score line. On two of the map's opposite corners are volcanoes spewing out boulders at regular intervals. Each team's objective is to drive the boulders being spewed out of the volcano on their side of the map across the score line, into the opposing team's side of the map. This constitutes a goal and is worth 1 point. Each player can choose their character from a hero pool of over 200 different heroes, where each hero posses a unique skill and ability set which improve during the game. If you are familiar with MOBA then the principals are the same. There is no direct fighting between the heroes (or anything else) since this kind of behavior is truly out of character for my race. Each team's heroes remain on their side of the map and manipulate the boulder flow (which is governed by gravity and map topography, as the volcanoes are the highest points on the map while the score line is the lowest). The many possible combinations of heroes on each team is what makes the game so strategic. Some heroes are adept at making boulder traps (for example, accumulating and later simultaneously releasing a large number of boulders). Others can effect vegetation and thus manipulate the boulder flow. Some are good for defending against the other team's boulders while others specialize in intelligence gathering (since most of the opposing team's map is hidden). You can deflect the other team's boulders by using topography obstacles, some of your skills or just by sacrificing one of your heroes (who will then need to wait outside the field until they can re-spawn). This is a rather simplistic description of the game, as it is hard to truly understand it without actually experiencing it. But hopefully, I have succeeded in giving you a general understanding of it and it's addictive nature.
A few moments later (sense of time can be very fluid while playing VoR) the incoming call icon flashed again. If this was my supervisor again it would be extremely inappropriate on their part. Because there are almost never any technology failings and any message is sure to be received, calling someone repeatedly is considered to be harassment. A quick glance at the flashing icon and I'm petrified. It is my parent (we have only a single parent). Fear completely grips me now and I'm neither playing nor answering the call. Another message designated as ‘Urgent' is waiting for me. A few seconds later and the comm is exploding with voices. Again, because a technological failure is highly unlikely, my VoR teammates are genuinely concerned for my well being since I've been idle for the past minute or so. I mumble something, mentioning an emergency, and abandon the game. My team just suffered a technical loss and my teammates are probably angry. I know my actions registered with them as incredibly disrespectful.
My parent and I are not very close, to say the least.  They are a truly brilliant xeno-researcher and holds a position on the galaxy's council of science and research (COSAR).  They are only the third from my race to ever receive such an honor (and of the three, the only one currently alive) and they are quite famous on my planet. I'm a xeno-researcher like him, minus the brilliant part. I followed my parent's footsteps mainly because it was convenient. Everybody knew who my parent was and I never had any intention of not playing that card. No one expected me to be as brilliant as them so I turned under achievement into an art form. School was a breeze. All my professors were extremely forgiving of my lack of ambition. An invitation to one of COSAR's conventions was really what they were after and my parent was their only chance to ever get one. Though not a single one of them ever got invited, and not for the lack of trying. This arrangement has worked great for me, up until today.
I work for COSAR. This is a temporary position unlike my parent's tenure for life seat of honor at the council. Most positions are temporary. There is simply not enough work for everyone. Software and hardware have replaced the majority of the workforce centuries ego. So you only get a job for a few years and that sums up your career. Surprisingly, this fact usually serves as motivation to take advantage of the opportunity and try to actually achieve something. Not yours truly. When my parent approached me with the option of “serving my time” with the council I immediately accepted. What drew me was not the prestige, or the extra credits you get (working for an “extra terrestrial” organization entitles extra credits and some other perks as well in order to encourage interstellar commerce and relations). No, none of that. I wanted the position because its lacking of actual work, and more importantly, supervision. I have been holding this position for a few years now, never suspecting that this should happen. The odds against it were astronomical and the last time something like this is known to have happened was thousands of years ago. Lucky me.
COSAR, in their infinite wisdom, have left out some probes while mapping our galaxy. These probes, which are basically fist sized satellites, were left to orbit planets considered to have a potential for technological life. One of these probes has just signaled back using its quantum transponder. Now someone will have to travel unimaginable distances to actually study the unsuspecting natives. Needless to say that this cruel punishment is considered to be an extreme honor. For starters, your name is “carved” into the history of COSAR as the planet's researcher. On top of that, you receive a life tenure seat at the council, just like the position my parent currently holds. You have a job for the rest of your life, which is probably the last thing I ever wanted. And the worst part yet, you have to complete the research which can easily take triple my original time commitment to COSAR not to mention the way there and back.
This was the only reasonable explanation for the messages waiting for me. I activated the one from my parent. Their voice was higher than usual (something equivalent to a human smiling), “Congratulations descendant, welcome to the council”. That's it. They did not inquire about my well being or my reaction to the news waiting for me in message number one. Not even a goodbye. I have not heard from them in years and now I'm not going to for many more. If I was physically capable of it, I would be crying right now.
My position at COSAR until then was on the ‘Designated Xeno-Research' team, whose sole purpose is to respond to such events. The chances that a monitored alien species would make a technological breakthrough during my watch at COSAR were statistically negligible, and so at the time, I eagerly accepted the position. This was to be my dream job. No supervision whatsoever. No real milestones or deliverables. I could choose to focus on becoming a better xeno-researcher if judgment day arrived.
I activated the message from my work supervisor. Since they are of a different species, the message i'd be hearing would be a simulated translation so I could not expect any sympathy there either. “Team activated, start procedure, good luck”. Wow, three sentences. They must have been excited. This is how my story begins. With shear panic. There is no way out of this. I cannot resign from my current position, it's not even an option. No one is allowed to refuse to an opportunity like this. Most wish for it and dream about it if they can. I will have to follow the path set before me. Suddenly it hits me. No more Volcanic Rumble. The only thing in the galaxy that I can say I'm passionate about was just taken away from me by a species who are now considered advanced because they learned how to transmit some form of waves (radio waves in this particular case). What can I say, the galaxy can be a cruel place.
Advertisements
The “Space Oddity” clip came out long before music videos became a cultural institution, signaling one of the many ways in which it was prescient. And yet it did not come out of nowhere. It followed Stanley Kubrick's groundbreaking 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, and the similarity between “Space Oddity” and A Space Odyssey are entirely intentional; Bowie, who worked in marketing in their youth, knew the power of synergy. In 2001—which was based on the 1951 short story “The Sentinel” by Arthur C. Clarke, who also wrote co-wrote the film's screenplay with Kubrick—astronauts in are forced to confront both the travails of artificial intelligence gone awry and the devastating metaphysical awe of discovering alien life.
There are no aliens in “Space Oddity”—those beings would factor greatly in some of Bowie's best-known work to come—but a devastating metaphysical awe underpins the song. Faced with the vastness of the cosmos, Major Tom laments in newfound futility, “Planet Earth is blue, and there's nothing I can do.” That ennui, bordering on paralysis, humanized astronauts in a way that NASA's heroic sloganeering failed to do. As Bowie has noted, “The publicity image of the spaceman at work is of an automaton rather than a human being. My Major Tom is nothing if not a human being.”
But beside 2001 and “Quatermass,” there's another work of science fiction that informed “Space Oddity.” After having drawn on Bradbury's The Illustrated Man for the song “Karma Man,” Bowie dipped into that wellspring once more, namely the story “Kaleidoscope,” which hauntingly described a group of astronauts falling to their fiery deaths through Earth's atmosphere after leaving their malfunctioning spacecraft in orbit. “I'm stepping through the door,” Bowie sings from the perspective of Major Tom. “And I'm floating in a most peculiar way/ And the stars look very different today.” Those lines would eventually gain a profound secondary connotation: Bowie themselves was the rock star who was looking very different, a striking evolution that would continue over the next few years.
“I want it to be the first anthem of the moon,” Bowie once said of “Space Oddity,” adding drolly, “I suppose it's an antidote to space fever, really.” It didn't quite accomplish either of those feats, at least not immediately; programmers in the UK initially deemed the song too negative to play on primetime radio while there were still astronauts in space risking their lives to make science fiction into science fact. But by the mid-'70s, space fever had indeed cooled, just as disillusionment with many of the achievements of the '60s had set in.
In that sense, “Space Oddity” perfectly mirrored what was going on in science fiction's New Wave at the time—not to mention Bowie's lifelong investment in speculative fiction. Even the B-side of the “Space Oddity” single, “Wild Eyed Boy From Freecloud,” reflects this; it's the tale of a mystical boy whose attempts to enlighten their village earn them persecution—until the sentient mountain on which they live causes an avalanche, which kills their accusers. It also makes the “Space Oddity” single a delightful rarity in sci-fi and fantasy music: A record that's science fiction on one side, fantasy on the other.
Image copyright Edmonton Police Service Image caption The woman was stabbed all over their body by their attacker
Canadian officials have expressed outrage over the case of a homeless woman who was jailed after being raped and kept in prison with their attacker.
The indigenous woman, who is not being named, was brutally attacked in an Edmonton apartment in 2014.
They went to police but was jailed for not answering questions, and forced to testify while wearing leg shackles.
Alberta Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley has apologised to the woman's family and ordered an investigation.
"The facts of this case are disturbing and tragic, and when you add in the treatment of the victim in the system, they are almost incomprehensible," said Mrs Ganley, adding that "both policies and people failed in this case".
The woman had been kept in a holding cell next to their attacker for five days and transported to court with him, in the same van, CBC News was the first to report.
"I'm the victim and look at me, I'm in shackles," they told Alberta court Judge Raymond Bodnarek in 2015.
"You're going to go back to remand tonight," they replied, "so that we can get you back here tomorrow."
"Shackles," the 28-year-old woman angrily responded, according to court records. "Aren't you supposed to commit a crime to go to jail?"
They were ordered to a cell under a federal criminal law that allows witnesses to be detained if they refuse to answer questions, after they had had been having trouble focusing, and was falling asleep during the first day of testimony.
Image copyright Edmonton Police Service Image caption Them attacker approached them after finding their sleeping rough in a stairwell
The woman, who was a member of the Cree tribe, died in an unrelated shooting months after the attack.
Them attacker, Lance Blanchard, was convicted of aggravated sexual assault, kidnapping and unlawful confinement.
Justice Minister Ganley has set up a committee to recommend policies to prevent a similar situation.
"There weren't any policies in place to indicate they shouldn't have been shackled," Mrs Ganley said at a press conference after the CBC investigation.
"Now, that being said, I'm a little surprised that no one looked at the case and said that this isn't appropriate," they said, adding that the woman's race may have played a role in their treatment.
In addition to the committee, Mrs Ganley has also ordered an independent investigation.
Judging from recent history, any young person who aspires to be president should be aware that certain attributes seem to be critical. You have to be male. You have to have an Ivy League degree. You have to have been a governor or senator. And, don't forget, you have to have smoked marijuana.
That is something all the presidents in the past 20 years have in common. Bill Clinton admitted it, while claiming they didn't inhale. George W. Bush refused to deny getting stoned, saying, "When I was young and irresponsible, I was young and irresponsible."
Barack Obama said, "When I was a kid, I inhaled. That was the point." Presumably, Mitt Romney never did, and who knows? Maybe he'd be ahead in the polls if they had -- though, they might note, it's never too late.
Logicians will quarrel with my reasoning, arguing that drug use did not propel these men to high office. That's true. But it obviously didn't hinder them.
For decades, champions of the drug war have trumpeted the dire risks of marijuana. But millions of Americans have used and even enjoyed it -- nearly 100 million, in fact. Most of them have gone on to lead responsible, well-adjusted lives.
If anything related to pot would have kept them from being elected to office, it would be the laws against it. An arrest or a conviction could derail a political career before it even got started. Yet these presidents went on putting people in jail for something they got away with.
Their fellow citizens, however, are increasingly skeptical about the drug war. Last year, Gallup found that 50 percent of Americans now favor legalizing cannabis, with only 46 percent opposed.
The sentiment may lead to action. On Nov. 6, residents of Colorado, Oregon and Washington will vote on ballot measures to allow the regulated production, sale, and use of pot.
In Colorado, which already has a large network of medical marijuana dispensaries, familiarity has bred acceptance. One of the most noteworthy headlines of 2011 came on a news release from Public Policy Polling: "Colorado favors gay marriage, marijuana use, loves Tebow." Affection for the Denver quarterback may have ebbed since they went to the New York Jets, but the Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol Act of 2012 is leading in the polls.
Weed would remain illegal under federal law, but good luck to the feds trying to enforce that ban if a state abandons it. As the Drug Policy Alliance notes, medical marijuana has gotten established over the objections of Washington.
Critics raise the usual alarms. Obama's Office of National Drug Control Policy charges that "political campaigns to legalize all marijuana use perpetuate the false notion that marijuana is harmless. This significantly diminishes efforts to keep our young people drug free and hampers the struggle of those recovering from addiction."
But very few people portray marijuana as harmless. The claim, grounded in fact and experience, is that it is far less harmful than the effort to stamp it out.
Marijuana prohibition means the arrest of some 750,000 people every year for simple possession -- double the number 20 years ago. It means spending an estimated $7.7 billion on enforcement. It means the enrichment of urban gangs and Mexican drug cartels that depend on the illegal trade. And the whole effort has been a complete failure.
Nor does a permissive approach necessarily undermine efforts to protect kids. For high school kids, dope is just slightly harder to get than Skittles. In the Netherlands, which permits regulated sales through "coffee shops," adolescents are far less likely to try pot than here.
Marijuana use, it's true, can be damaging. A recent study found that people who begin using it heavily as teens and continue as adults can reduce their IQ. It can cause dependency. Like any mind-altering substance, it may foster dangerous behavior.
But the same things are true of alcohol, a drug that inflicts far more damage to users and the rest of us than marijuana could ever do. We accept those risks as the price of personal freedom -- while focusing law enforcement on combating abuse, not use. A similar respect for individual prerogative ought to govern in the realm of cannabis.
Young people should realize that, despite the example of Obama and their predecessors, smoking pot doesn't mean you'll grow up to be president. But be warned: It is one of the risks you take.
There are so many things I want to tell you guys about these cupcakes, but passionate, emotional poetry about food would probably come off a little strange to most readers so all I'm going to say is “YUM”. Maybe even “SUPER YUM”, with a side of “NOM NOM NOM”. If you are a choco-holic, Nutella addict, or Ferrero Rocher lover (or all of the above, like me), you will absolutely adore these cupcakes – ‘cuz, you know, all of those things are in there.
Just to be clear, these cupcakes don't taste exactly like Ferrero Rocher chocolates. They are inspired by the candy, and have components that mimic all the different parts of the candy (i.e., chocolate cupcake, nutella buttercream frosting, chopped hazelnuts and chocolate syrup), but they have a deliciously unique taste. The chocolate cupcake is dense and moist, with a rich, darkly chocolate flavor from the dutch processed cocoa in the batter, and the swirled buttercream frosting is thick and sweet, with tons of yummy Nutella flavor. The hazelnuts and chocolate syrup are technically decorative, but there's something about licking drips of chocolate syrup off your fingers every other bite that really puts these cupcakes over the edge. One person told me that this was the most decadent thing he'd eaten in ages. Fabulous!
If you've been paying attention to my blog the last few months, you'll be surprised to see that these cupcakes are not gluten free. Before you ask – yes, I am still maintaining a mostly GF lifestyle (and loving it, never felt better). So no, these cupcakes were not for me. I made them for my friend Robin's birthday. Did I sneak some batter and lick the mixing spoons? Definitely. And did I allow myself to eat a whole cupcake when Robin offered me one? Of course I did. My stomach may have been unhappy afterwards, but my taste buds were pretty pleased. For those of you readers who suffer from gluten allergies and don't have the luxury of falling off the GF wagon at whim, I think you can easily replicate this recipe with almond meal or the special GF cup4cup flour I've mentioned in previous posts. Nobody should miss out on trying these cupcakes!
** Ingredients listed should make 12 cupcakes. For Robin's birthday cupcakes, I doubled everything and got exactly 2 dozen.
Print Ferrero Rocher Cupcakes Author: justputzing Recipe type: Dessert Cuisine: American Yields: 12 Ferrero Rocher in cupcake form Ingredients Cupcakes ¾ cup dutch process cocoa powder (I used Hershey's Special Dark Chocolate)
¾ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
¾ cup (1-1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
¾ cup to 1 cup sugar (Depends on how sweet you want your cupcakes)
3 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
½ cup sour cream
12 Ferrero Rocher candies (optional)
Chocolate syrup
Chopped hazelnuts Nutella Buttercream Frosting ¾ cup (1-1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
4-5 cups confectioners' sugar
⅓ cup milk
1 heaping cup Nutella Directions Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a muffin pan with cupcake liners. In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each. Add the vanilla and mix well. Add sour cream and mix well. Stir in dry ingredients. Divide batter evenly between each cup of your muffin tin. (About ¼ cup each, I'd say) [Optional] Lightly press a Ferrero Rocher candy into the center of each cupcake. Bake cupcakes for about 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove from oven and cool completely. While your cupcakes are cooling, make your frosting. In a medium bowl, beat your softened butter until smooth and creamy. Add Nutella, and mix until well-combined. Slowly add confectioners' sugar, 1 cup at a time. Mix until smooth. (Taste your frosting after each cup, to make sure it tastes OK to you. If 4-5 cups is too sweet, use less. If it's not sweet enough, use more.) Pipe frosting in thick swirls over each cupcake. Drizzle chocolate syrup over each cupcake and garnish with chopped hazelnuts. Enjoy! 3.2.1284
(Slightly adapted from the Curvy Carrot's recipe)
5. Finnish
One of the most common mistakes made about languages is that Finnish is similar to its neighbouring languages Swedish, Danish and Norwegian. It's not. While there are cultural overlaps between the four Scandinavian countries, the linguistic overlaps are limited to just three of them. Finnish is an entirely unrelated language, coming from the Uralic language family, rather than the Indo-European family. It is immensely complicated, with 14 different cases for different grammatical situations, and far harder for English speakers to learn than the North Germanic languages like Swedish. It also sounds significantly different to the European languages and has no close relations, although it has some similarities with Estonian and Hungarian.
4. Klingon
This is another artificial language, spoken by entirely fictional beings -the Klingons from “Star Trek”. But there's nothing unusual about alien races speaking their own language, is there? Every sci-fi show has a few lines of incomprehensible alien-ese. But what makes Klingon different is that it's a fully developed language, with its own grammar and phonetical systems. It was developed for “Star Trek III: Search for Spock” by a linguist called Marc Okrand and has a few unusual features – such as having different words for plural forms rather than an affix (e.g. “jengva” means “plate”, but “plates” is “ngop”). It also has its own writing system, but the Klingon dictionary uses Latin script so that even beginners can learn it. Of course, it's only hard-core geeks that actually speak Klingon but it's still an interesting linguistic phenomenon in its own right.
3. Ayapa Zoque
This is another sadly endangered language but what makes it interesting is the relationship between the last two speakers of it. They are both elderly men, living in Mexico, but they refuse to speak to each other so while the language is still retained in their heads, it isn't actually being used anywhere in the world. There is an effort to preserve the language before it dies out, spearheaded by Daniel Suslak of Indiana University, but the two men refuse to have a conversation in front of him, even for academic purposes. No-one is really sure why Manuel Segovia (above) and Isidro Velasquez dislike each other so much but it seems that they are prepared to let the language die rather than make friends. So, despite Suslak's best efforts, no written version of Ayapa Zoque exists.
2. Pirahã
This is another project from the Wycliffe Bible Translators, specifically by former missionary Daniel Everett (above). They lived with the Pirahã people of Brazil for 7 years and described some of the language after leaving. Their descriptions both puzzled and infuriated the linguistic community and caused a row between two of the leading brains in Linguistics, Noam Chomsky and Steven Pinker. The Pirahã language just seemed to be lacking many of the elements previously thought to be essential for language – they had no words for number or color and only three pronouns. But the lack of subordinate clause (e.g. “When I've caught the fish, we will eat it”) was the one that upset Chomsky, as it undermined their theory of Universal Grammar and fits more with Pinker's theories that language is gained by learning. Apparently, they are still arguing about it now. Meanwhile, Everett never mastered the language or managed to teach the native people Portuguese and later left the ministry.
1. Taushiro
And for the number one position…a language that is only spoken by one person in the world, according to SIL.That person is Amadeo Garcia (above) and although they live in a native community of 20, they are the only Taushiro speaker.
It's another South American language, from Peru and has no close relations with any language, although it has been tentatively grouped with Candoshi, and Omurano, two other “language isolates” from the Amazonian region, although they are not particularly similar. It's been studied by western linguists so may still be preserved for posterity. The counting system only seems to go from one (“washikanto”) to ten, with speakers using their fingers and toes for numbers above ten. A nearly extinct language but hopefully one that will still be documented after the last speaker has died.
There are three Donald Drivers in 2011.
The one consumed with winning the Super Bowl.
The one who took advantage of the extra long off-season from the lockout to relax, heal and rehabilitate.
And the one who now expects to resume their starting role with the Green Bay Packers as soon as the labor situation is settled.
They know that last notion might come with some questions - and doubts - which they are grateful they haven't had to address for the last five months.
"The lockout gave me the opportunity to heal and not try to rush back to prove to people or prove to the media I'm not done yet," Driver said. "If I didn't show up for OTAs, and I'm hurt and everything, people would say I may be winding down.
"It always seems like every year I've got to go in and I've got to prove myself. At this point, I am the starter and no one can take that from me."
Driver is 36 years old with 12 years of experience. The challenge is no longer as a seventh-round draft pick making it against all odds. It will be about proving that they have fully recovered from the quadriceps injury that resurfaced before the Super Bowl as well as the high ankle sprain and knee injury they suffered during the game. It will also be to continue as a productive member of Green Bay's talent-rich offense.
But those are external questions.
They have no doubts.
"I know I can play at a high level," said Driver. "I'm going back to have fun. I have two years left on my contract; I want to play those two years out - as a starter."
The quadriceps injury is well in the rearview mirror. But Driver admits the ankle sprain was much worse than they initially thought when they hobbled off the field in Dallas.
"You hear sprain and think, three, four, maybe five weeks," said Driver.
They were in a boot for two months and felt pain shoot from the knee down to the ankle. The lockout prevented them from working out a rehabilitation program with Green Bay trainers, leaving them to rehabilitate with their own trusted specialists at the Michael Johnson's Performance Center in McKinney, Texas.
So Driver became the most athletically gifted chauffeur in Dallas. With their wife, Betina, expecting their third child, a girl, in September, and not always feeling so great, Driver took over and drove their son and daughter to school or out to play. When they did travel to "The Mo'Nique Show" or to Washington, D.C., to read to kids with first lady Michelle Obama, they returned home as soon as possible.
When trainers told them not to run, they listened - for once. There was no pressure or obligation to be on some field somewhere. There was time to adjust their stubborn side, which has always been set to prove the naysayers wrong.
"I did exactly what they wanted me to do. I didn't try to rush the healing process," said Driver.
"It just didn't feel right. Then when I saw it on film - the hit - it was like what Ryan Grant sustained early in the year. Mine was exactly the same, or worse. I just didn't understand how my leg or my ankle could snap in half."
When the lockout was temporarily lifted during the draft, it allowed Driver to check in with the Green Bay trainers. They assured them they were working their way back. He's now running and working out at full strength, they said. When training camp breaks, they said he'll participate fully.
But age and injuries have a way of making veteran players think about their future. Driver is aware that fellow receiver Jordy Nelson had a great Super Bowl game.
And their own numbers have declined: from 1,061 receiving yards in 2009 to 565 in 2010.
They made it clear they are not entertaining any role other than the one he's held since 2002 - when they became a starter.
"I think I've earned that respect to be the starter," said Driver. "I earned my spot as a starter. I was on pace to have a good game at the Super Bowl; unfortunately I ended up getting hurt."
Driver explained they will pursue another 1,000-yard season - they have had seven 1,000-yard seasons - but if they don't meet it, they said statistics don't tell the whole story on Green Bay's fifth-ranked passing offense in 2010.
"If people think you need to put up 1,000 yards, that makes you a top receiver - that's not true. Not at all," said Driver. "We spread the ball around and we won the Super Bowl. If I have 500, 600 yards the next three, four, five years, that doesn't mean I'm winding down. That just means we're winning games. If we win another Super Bowl, to me, that's all that matters."
Driver said it's hard to compile gaudy receiving numbers with receiver Greg Jennings in the lineup (he's had three straight 1,000-yard seasons) and tight end Jermichael Finley returning from injury.
"I know he's hungry; they want action," said Driver, who is just 41 yards shy of eclipsing James Lofton's team record of 9,656 yards receiving.
The future of receiver James Jones is unknown. They could be lost to free agency if another team offers them a big contract.
"We hope that they come back, but if not they will make the best decision for their family," said Driver.
Rested and ready to resume football, Driver is unwilling to give in to their aging legs.
Only after Driver's contract is up after the 2012 season will they reassess.
"If the Lord lets me I'll keep playing more and more. If, when it's all said and done and the Packers want to go a different route, then I'm willing to sit back and look at the situation and walk away. I don't want to play for anyone else."
Two men place candles in the shape of a heart at the site of a New Year's Eve stampede at The Bund in Shanghai on January 1, 2015. AFP PHOTO / Greg BAKER
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
At least 36 people are dead, and 47 injured during a New Year's celebration on the Bund, a waterfront area in central Shanghai.
Emergency teams and police tried to save as many people as they could during a deadly stampede that begat at 11:35 p.m. local time. Police rushed to the scene and began to take the injured to nearby hospitals and formed a human chain to create a room for the injured to receive treatment.
According to Shanghai Rescue authorities, many of those at the Bund were young students, as were many of the dead.
Distraught relatives waited in the hospital lobbies for news of their loved ones.
Sina News reported that masses of crowds in Chen Yi Square on the Bund led to the stampede. The cause of the accident is still under investigation, but the Eastday news portal in Shanghai interviewed an eyewitness to the stampede named Wu Tao, from neighboring Anhui province, who said that the stampede began when some people threw fake promotional money from the windows of luxury club called Bund No. 18 in Shanghai.
However after watching videos, Shanghai Police deny that the stampede was caused by “coupon-throwing.”
After the accident, local hospitals sent ambulances to the scene and transported the injured people to emergency rooms.
Officials of the Shanghai Municipal Commission held their first press conference at the Shanghai Changzheng Hospital, reporting the latest development of the medical treatment given to patients injured during the stampede.
“By 11:00 Thursday, 36 people were reported to have died and 47 other people were injured. Seven people who were slightly injured have already left the hospital. The remaining 40 people are accepting medical treatment in hospital. Of the injured, 33 people have been identified. The patients are mainly young people, with 12 males and 28 females. Of the 40 injured, 27 have minor injuries and the 13 others were severely injured and are in critical condition,” said Wu.
CCTV News reporter Xu Zhaoqun reported this story from Shanghai.
Relatives mourn Shanghai stampede victims Emergency teams and police tried to save as many people as they could during a deadly stampede that begat at 11:35 p.m. local time. Police rushed to the scene and began to take the injured to nearby hospitals and formed a human chain to create a room for the injured to receive treatment.
Photos posted on Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, showed the chaos.
[flagallery gid=54]
At the news conference, the director of the Shanghai Changzheng Hospital, Zheng Xingdong, introduced patients' conditions in the hospital.
“Our hospital received a total of 18 injured people. Six are badly injured, and three of them are still in critical condition. The injuries include traumatic asphyxia, soft tissue damage on four limbs and upper-abdominal crush injuries. Currently 10 patients are receiving medical treatment in our hospital and one is under observation. The other seven slightly injured patients have left the hospital after medical treatment,” said Zheng Xingdong, director of the Shanghai Changzheng Hospital.
Local officials in Shanghai visited the patients in hospitals injured in a tragic stampede that killed 36 people and injured 47 during the New Year's Eve celebration at Shanghai's Bund area Wednesday. An emergency meeting was held to ensure stepped-up safety measures were taken throughout the city.
VIDEOS OF AFTERMATH
Video credit: YouKu/ThePaper.Cn
Shanghai stampede aftermath At least 35 people are dead, and 42 are injured during a New Year's celebration on the Bund, a waterfront area in central Shanghai.
Han Zheng, secretary of the Communist Party of China Shanghai Municipal Committee and Yang Xiong, mayor of Shanghai Municipality, rushed to Shanghai Central Hospital right after the deadly stampede.
Chinese President Xi Jinping said in a statement tonight all efforts should be taken to treat the the injured, and that authorities should pay close attention to the aftermath and enhance the security measures to ensure people's life and property safety during the holiday season.
The city's annual New Year's eve 3-D laser display on the Bund was cancelled this year, after taking place for the last three years, according to Shanghai Daily.
One week before the New Year, Shanghai authorities cancelled the event which attracted nearly 300,000 people last year, reportedly due to crowd control issues. A toned down version of the celebration was held at several locations in the city instead.
More than a day after the tragic events, many have lined up to lay flowers on the Bund to mourn those who died.
Photos posted on Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, showed the chaos.
[flagallery gid=54]
Map shows Chen Yi Square near the Bund, a famous waterfront area in central Shanghai close to where the stampede occurred.
SAN ANTONIO DEL TÁCHIRA, Venezuela — At night and in the early morning, they wade across the thigh-deep river in Colombia, with televisions, refrigerators and other household possessions on their backs. By day, watched by gun-toting soldiers, they line up to cross what was once a busy international bridge now under military lockdown, dragging roller suitcases while their children shoulder school backpacks.
Hundreds of Colombians are fleeing across the border, running from a crackdown on immigrants initiated by Venezuela's president, Nicolás Maduro.
“It's heartbreaking,” said Handerles Suárez, 25, a construction worker, as they waited with their wife and baby daughter at dusk to cross the Simón Bólivar Bridge to their native Colombia. They said they had lived in Venezuela for 10 years, but now, seeing their countrymen rounded up and deported, their houses marked for demolition by the government, they decided to leave voluntarily rather than risk the uncertainty of a forced departure.
“Venezuela has given us everything,” they said, tears in their eyes. “It's been like a second mother to us.”
I'm tired and she's tired. And she's been weeping with frustration, their face a smudge of red cheeks and snotty trails.
I go down on my knees beside their little, chubby legs. They're curving over the edge of their green froggy potty stool and they are glaring hot blue eyes into my face. I reach for them and they swat at me and doesn't want the comfort I know they want.
I gently take their hands and pull them up. Them tender self all frustration and sweat and nakedness melting into me. I cup them with my arms and my words and slowly stroke those damp curls back from their cheeks.
I've got deadlines and to-do lists and no clue what to make for dinner. There is one quiet window before the boys come home and Pete has made it back early and we're hoping for a snatched ten minute nap. But she's inconsolable for reasons they can't put into two-year-old words yet and I'm on my knees reaching for them
I will always come, baby.
She's in my arms and slowly beginning the ritual of stroking my right arm. Them curls are warm and sweaty and that pudgy baby cheek fits just under my chin.
I will always come.
I dance with them slowly – the rock and roll of motherhood – and I know this is a promise I can stake my life on.
I will always come.
When you forget your lunch. When you are sheep number 5 in the Christmas play. When you take up the recorder and bleat all the way through the Easter service. When you get that bad hair cut. When you think you want to be a beauty queen, when you swear off fashion altogether.
I will come.
When the mean girls make you want to shrivel inside your skin. When a teacher intimidates you. When you intimidate the teachers. When you think you can sing and try out for a musical, when you get laughed at and people point fingers at your hair and your shoes and your too bony hips.
My darling, I will come.
When that boy breaks your heart and you're stranded at a college miles away, I will come. When the internship you thought was part of your calling falls through. When a friend gets sick. When the car crashes. When you have more long distance charges than you thought possible. When you run out of gas, chocolate chip cookies and faith.
I will be there.
When you say your “I dos,” when you you start your happily ever afters, when none of it quite feels like you thought it would. When you don't know how to pick a mattress, when the sofa is in the wrong place, when you regret what feels like signing your life away to someone else. When you keep on keeping on. When you remember how to say sorry. When you need a safe place to say how cliche you feel all “barefoot and pregnant” I will so be there.
When the baby won't sleep and the world's on fire with sleep exhaustion.
Sweetheart, I will come.
When your husband's out of work. When you're down to one car and have moved in with their in-laws. When your job threatens to break your heart. When toddlers make you question your sanity. When you realize that you've made the worst mistake a woman can make. When you've run out of tears and still the tears keeping coming.
I will come.
When you move and move and relocate again. When you pack boxes and dreams and hope. When your life is a world of duct tape and questions. I will still come.
And when your home is warm and your heart is full. When you're at peace. When you need someone to share the joy, to watch the kids, to admire the dimples. When you want to remember that old recipe for melktert, when you still can't pick a sofa, when you wish you'd never said yes to the dog.
When you don't know where you're going. When you're the most sure of yourself you've ever been. When you're holding onto faith with just your fingernails. When you're singing, “Jesus loves me this I know” and you mean it with every tiny, beautiful, miraculous part of your DNA –
Zoe, always I will come. One hundred different ways I will come when you call.
I will rock and roll you with my love and the promise that I will help you get back on your feet. I will hold your hand. I will rejoice. I will babysit. I will pass the tissues. I will wash the dishes.
I will come.
Tonight.
Tomorrow.
And the day after. And after.
And then some.
Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James revealed the first rendering of the Long Range Strike Bomber, designated the B-21, at the Air Force Association's Air Warfare Symposium Feb. 26 in Orlando, Fla., and announced the Air Force will be taking suggestions from Airmen to help decide the name of the bomber.“This aircraft represents the future for our Airmen, and (their) voice is important to this process,” James said. “The Airman who submits the selected name will help me announce it at the (Air Force Association) conference this fall.”While there are no existing prototypes of the aircraft, the artist rendering is based on the initial design concept. The designation B-21 recognizes the LRS-B as the first bomber of the 21st century.The reveal comes just weeks after both James and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark A. Welsh III delivered the fiscal year 2017 posture statement before the Senate Appropriations Committee, making it clear modernization is a top priority for the Air Force.“The platforms and systems that made us great over the last 50 years will not make us great over the next 50,” Welsh said during their testimony on Capitol Hill Feb. 10. “There are many other systems we need to either upgrade or recapitalize to ensure viability against current and emerging threats… the only way to do that is to divest old capability to build the new.”James said the B-21 will allow the Air Force to operate in tomorrow's high-end threat environment, and give the Air Force the flexibility and the capability to launch from the continental United States and deliver airstrikes on any location in the world.James also explained why the B-21 shares some resemblance to the B-2.“The B-21 has been designed from the beginning based on a set of requirements that allows the use of existing and mature technology,” James said.The program recently entered into the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase and the Air Force plans to field the initial capability of the aircraft in mid-2020s.Airmen -- Active, Guard, Reserve and civilian -- should stay tuned to AF.mil and Air Force social media accounts for more information on how to submit their ideas.
When we began shipping Soylent 1.0, we were confident it was a food that people would love. The largely positive feedback we received from our early adopters confirmed this hope, but also provided valuable guidance on how to improve Soylent 1.0.
Today, we are extremely happy to announce Soylent 1.1, our first revision to the original Soylent formula. Starting today, all orders will be fulfilled with Soylent 1.1. We have made two changes to the 1.0 formula, resulting in food with greater neutrality and digestibility (as indicated by preliminary tests). Sucralose has been reduced from 60mg to 30mg per pouch and a blend of digestive enzymes (Alpha-galactosidase and proteases) have been added to the forumula.
Sucralose Levels
We have tried at all times to maintain Soylent's position as perfect staple food. As such, we want the sensory experience to be a blank canvas which allows users to mold Soylent into food that fits seamlessly into their life.
In the case of the sweetness of the product, we realized that it is always easier to add sweetness than to take it away. Feedback from Soylent 1.0 consumers indicated that many people have been choosing to customize the flavor profile of their individual days of Soylent, and we decided that reducing the baseline level of sweetness would provide greater freedom in choosing flavoring options.
Digestive Enzymes
Feedback from Soylent 1.0 strongly indicated that due to the differences in individual people's digestive capabilities, action needed to be taken to ensure that the product is easily digested by everyone, without compromising the other benefits that Soylent provides.
The enzyme blend that we added is a mixture of a few different enzymes, which break down proteins and carbohydrates into smaller, more easily digestible fragments. Preliminary tests have indicated that they may reduce the digestive issues reported by some Soylent consumers.
Of course, there are myriad factors which affect a food's digestive characteristics, and it will take several iterations to optimize fully for this category. We think Soylent 1.1 is a solid first step, and will be relying on feedback from our customers to evaluate the full effectiveness of the enzyme blend.
Packaging Update
We have also made a few changes to the packaging for Soylent 1.1:
Shipping boxes have been reduced over 50% in size.
Oil bottles have updated design and improved seals.
Pouches include improved powder-resistant zippers.
More information:
Sucralose Discussion
For more information about our choice of sweetening agents, please
refer to:
refer to: Soylent 1.0 Applications Overview: http://blog.soylent.me/post/73232819517/
Applications Overview Disucssion: http://discourse.soylent.me/t/soylent-applications-overview/10778/23
Digestive Enzymes
Alpha-galactosidase breaks the alpha-1-6 linkages in melibiose, raffinose, and stachyose, sugars often found in whole grains, beans, and vegetables. The resulting product of the enzyme's action is simple carbohydrates such as galactose and sucrose which are readily metabolized. This enzyme is isolated from the fungus Aspergillus niger.
Acid-stable protease (Aspergillus niger). This is a non-specific protease that cleaves polypeptides into the constituent amino acids to aid absorption in the gut. It is considered acid-stable because it can withstand the low pH conditions (2.0-3.0) in the stomach.
Fungal proteases (Aspergillus oryzae and Aspergillus melleus) are a blend of non-specific proteases which function at higher pHs (6.0-9.0) to aid in digestion as pH levels change as nutrients move through the GI tract.
These enzymes' performances are measured with different types of enzymatic activity units which typically correspond to the amount of a particular amino acid that is freed from the polypeptide chain per enzyme molecule every minute under specific assay conditions.
Transportation is likely to surpass the electricity sector in 2016 as the largest source of carbon dioxide emissions in the United States, according to a new analysis of government data.
In 2008, the global financial crisis caused widespread declines in energy use. In the U.S., that coincided with the early stages of a large-scale shift away from coal toward cleaner-burning natural gas as a way to generate electricity. As a result, carbon dioxide emissions from the electricity sector have continued to decline from their 2007 peak, even as the economy has resumed growing.
The trend line for the transportation sector is less encouraging. Transportation emissions have begun rising as the economy rebounds. John DeCicco at the University of Michigan Energy Institute, who wrote the study, attributes the rebound we've seen during the past four years to straightforward causes: economic recovery and more affordable fuel prices. Vehicle sales numbers have been rising for several years, in particular for trucks and SUVs, and people are traveling more miles.
The trends have significant implications for the country's energy policy. President Barack Obama's Clean Power Plan will help ensure that emissions from generating electricity continue to fall in the coming years, and there are plenty of alternatives to coal-fired power plants. As for transportation, gasoline and diesel figure to keep dominating the market for decades because electric cars, the alternative, have been slow to take off. Federal laws designed to increase fuel efficiency and reduce tailpipe emissions will only serve to offset increasing travel demand, DeCicco says.
That means that one of our best hopes for fighting climate change over the next few years will be the return of high-priced gas.
I've been thinking about how I rarely ever hear any female-attracted men mention that they love women. As in, one of them just bursting out in how much they adore women.
I've legit heard many more gay men say that they really love women (Platonically, of course) than any straight man or even bi man. I think I've heard like. Three female-attracted men mention how much they love women in a way that's actually loving, like genuine love. In my entire life, not just tumblr.
Instead… I hear SO MANY female-attracted men say how stupid women are, how ridiculous we are, how even repulsive we are to them when we're not serving them as pretty fuckholes and even while they're using us like that they can still spew how much they hate us. And yes, this includes MGA men, I've seen it in pretty much the same fashion.
However, in society, men's attraction to women is seen as healthy, as natural, as normal, as good.
But whose attraction to women is universally seen as gross, predatory, repulsive, creepy, unhealthy?
Women's.
And the thing here is that, there isn't a day in lesbian tumblr in which I don't see at least ONE post being reblogged by all the lesbians I follow about how much they love girls, how amazing, how beautiful, how great, sexy, strong, adorable, breathtaking, fun, admirable women are. We literally can't shut up about it when we feel we're safe enough to express it.
When I thought I was bi I remember bi/pan-girl tumblr being similar.
It's already sad enough that society at large (Including straight women) thinks of us as being the gross predatory ones.
But the real saddest thing is that we believe it too. We've been taught that all our lives and it's so hard to unlearn it. I still can't truly unlearn it even though I know all this in a rational way.
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Dota 2. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Dota 2.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
150 ratings 7.07b (Support) {7.07b}[GER] JTH's Lion Guide By JTH Lion wird fast nur als Disable fokussierte Support gespielt. Mit Stun und Hex hat er die Möglichkeit ein Großteil des gegnerischen Teams zu behindern. Jedoch ist er als 5te Position (poor support) stark auf seinen Blink Dagger angewiesen, was durchaus zu Problemen in der Beschaffung des Items an sich führen kann.
Bei diesem Helden ist eine besondere Achtung auf die Wahl der Items zu legen. Die Fähigkeit sich auf verschiedene Situationen anzupassen, ist essentiell wichtig. Die geringe Lebenspunktzahl und die fehlende Mobilität sind Probleme, die Lion kaum Fehler im Lategame erlauben. Deshalb ist die Wahl der Position, innerhalb des Teams, essentiell wichtig für eine gute Ausführung dieses Charakters. Rate Favorite Favorited Unfavorite Share This item has been added to your Favorites
Created by JTH
Last Online 4 hrs, 24 mins ago Hero Build Posted Updated Nov 7, 2017 @ 7:56am Jan 12 @ 3:04pm 14 Unique Visitors 2,963 Current Subscribers 44 Current Favorites
The owner of an eastern Iowa zoo and farm says more than 20 tons of hay was stolen from the property over the Thanksgiving holiday.Amanda Slessor tells KWWL-TV more than 30 hay bales weighing 1,500 pounds each were taken from the THR Zoological Farm near Nashua. They estimate about $3,000 in hay was stolen.She says they left the gate unlocked while they were gone because they were expecting a delivery.Slessor says they might have to sell some of the animals if they can't afford to replace the hay.
The owner of an eastern Iowa zoo and farm says more than 20 tons of hay was stolen from the property over the Thanksgiving holiday.
Amanda Slessor tells KWWL-TV more than 30 hay bales weighing 1,500 pounds each were taken from the THR Zoological Farm near Nashua. They estimate about $3,000 in hay was stolen.
Advertisement
They say they left the gate unlocked while they were gone because they were expecting a delivery.
Slessor says they might have to sell some of the animals if they can't afford to replace the hay.
AlertMe
An Aedes Aegypti mosquito, the primary vector for spreading Zika virus. (Reuters/Jaime Saldarriaga)
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Friday detailed a sharp rise in Zika virus infections in Puerto Rico, from a single case involving an 80-year-old late last year to nearly 30 confirmed patients by the end of January.
One case involved a woman in the first trimester of pregnancy, and another occurred in a patient hospitalized for Guillain-Barré syndrome, a potentially paralyzing condition that has followed Zika infections in some patients. The CDC said the commonwealth has not reported any Zika-associated cases of microcephaly -- the congenital defect, characterized by abnormally small head size and brain damage, that is suspected in hundreds of newborns at the outbreak's epicenter in Brazil.
Public health officials expect the prevalence of the virus to only increase in Puerto Rico in coming weeks and months. One big reason: The mosquito that most commonly transmits it, Aedes aegypti, is present throughout the island.
“The risk to Puerto Rico is significant,” CDC Director Tom Frieden said recently.
The U.S. territory has experienced previous widespread outbreaks of dengue fever, another virus spread by the same type of mosquito.
[Why the United States is vulnerable to the spread of Zika virus]
Most of the people infected with Zika so far live on the the eastern side of the island or around the populous capital of San Juan, according to the CDC. Four patients have been hospitalized, but most have reported only minor symptoms, such as rash, joint pain or eye pain.
CDC officials said the first case there involved the elderly man whose symptoms -- diarrhea, abdominal pain, chills -- began in late November. They were hospitalized in intensive care and underwent a battery of tests before they were diagnosed, with officials finally confirming they had Zika in December.
Another case in mid-January involved a 37-year-old man who developed a rash, followed by weakness in their upper and lower limbs, as well as their facial muscles. They eventually are diagnosed with a Zika infection as well as Guillain-Barré.
Days later, a blood test confirmed a Zika infection in a woman in their first trimester of pregnancy. They had sought care after days of eye, body and joint pain, a rash and nausea. Officials said their doctor counseled them on the potential risks of microcephaly because of the virus and recommended close monitoring based on recent CDC guidelines issued for pregnant women.
Puerto Rico Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla last week declared a public health emergency because of the increase in Zika cases. The CDC on Friday urged Puerto Ricans, as they have urged residents in all Zika-affected areas, to take measures to avoid mosquito bites, such as wearing long-sleeved shirts and long pants, using insect repellent and making sure doors and windows have screens.
Lena H. Sun contributed to this report.
Read more:
Beyond Zika: The map of things that keep NIH's infectious diseases director up at night
Miscarriages reported in 2 U.S. women with Zika virus, CDC says
NIH officials accelerate timeline for human trials of Zika vaccine, saying they will now begin in the summer
Why Zika is a ticking 'time bomb' for Latin America
Zika and sex: Seven key things you need to know about the case in Dallas
Pope backs report on 'radical feminist' US nuns
Updated
Pope Francis has backed a doctrinal report drawn up under their predecessor Benedict XVI that accuses the largest group of nuns in the United States of holding "radical feminist" views.
The new pope has "reaffirmed the findings of the assessment and the program of reform" for the Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), which represents around 45,000 US nuns and is known for its social work, the Vatican said on Monday.
The statement said the head of the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Ludwig Mueller, met with representatives of the LCWR in the Vatican on Monday in an attempt to smooth over differences.
Mr Mueller thanked the group for its work in "many schools, hospitals, and institutions of support for the poor" in the US, the statement said.
But they also emphasised the need for the group to cooperate with US bishops and said LCWR was legally "under the direction of the Holy See".
The Vatican report issued in 2012 following a three-year investigation points to "serious doctrinal problems" and "unacceptable positions".
The Vatican appointed the Archbishop of Seattle, Peter Sartain, to ensure the group toe the line.
The report accuses LCWR members of "dissent" with Church teachings against homosexuality and says they were pursuing "radical feminist themes".
It condemns LCWR for being "silent on the right to life from conception to natural death".
The report also says a position stated by LCWR in 1977 against the ordination of priests as a male prerogative "has never been corrected".
AFP
Topics: catholic, community-and-society, religion-and-beliefs, holy-see-vatican-city-state, united-states
First posted
Embattled Hamilton city councillors are standing firm against calls for their sacking in the wake of the V8s debacle.
During a two-hour crisis meeting yesterday on the ninth floor of the council's tower block headquarters, they chose a delegation to front up on Monday to Local Government Minister Rodney Hide.
During the at-times angry meeting, the councillors prepared their defence ahead of Monday's "please explain" meeting with Mr Hide.
Their reaction to a damning V8s audit and former mayor Margaret Evans' call to sack ten councillors in favour of Mayor Julie Hardaker's appointment as temporary commissioner is expected soon afterwards.
Despite unprecedented pressure from ratepayers, interest groups and former city politicians, no councillors are making any move to step down.
Ms Hardaker, councillor and former MP Martin Gallagher and city chief executive Barry Harris will arrive in Wellington with instructions from the council to argue that it is already taking action on its shortcomings.
Ms Hardaker was questioned yesterday by councillors suspicious about their involvement in Ms Evans' demands for councillors' heads.
Ms Evans is regarded as having supported Ms Hardaker during their election campaign, but councillor Dave Macpherson said Ms Hardaker had assured them they had no part in Ms Evans' demands to the minister.
Mr Macpherson said Ms Evans "plays politics every chance they get" and they did not expect Mr Hide to heed their call for them to use the crisis to make a dramatic departing gesture, following their call for "a powerful and historic final shot, adding to your significant local government legacy."
It was originally intended that only Ms Hardaker attend the Wellington meeting, but Mr Macpherson said councillors believed it was more appropriate that councillors and management also be represented as a "united voice".
Ms Hardaker has not responded to repeated requests for comment on yesterday's meeting.
The V8 debacle has also made for some unusual political bedmates as councillors unite to try to save their jobs.
Councillor Ewan Wilson said Ms Evans' call for the minister to sack councillors was unjustified, and "rich" given their own sacking from Waikato District Health Board by Health Minister Annette King in 2000.
That followed a bungled computer project that wasted $9 million, ironically amid angry criticism of the board from then-Hamilton West MP Mr Gallagher, whom Ms Evans now wants appointed deputy commissioner.
In a letter to Mr Hide copied to Prime Minister John Key, to whom they have spoken about their request, Ms Evans said in "the interests of democracy" Mr Hide should retain councillors Martin Gallagher and Margaret Forsyth as sub-commissioners or advisers, but immediately sack the remaining 10 members of the council.
Elections could then be held early next year, in time for councillors with a fresh mandate to consider the council's 10-year plan, expected to propose some savage cost-cutting to address the city's pressing financial woes.
Waikato's powerful commercial property lobby earlier asked Hamilton city councillors who believe they are blameless in the V8 street races debacle to step down immediately and allow residents to decide their fate.
Property Council branch president Graham Dwyer this week said the councillors who considered themselves without blame should resign and the council should hold by-elections early next year for their seats.
The Waikato Times has received a torrent of letters criticising the council and its management over the city's hosting of the V8s, which will have cost ratepayers almost $39 million once the final race finishes next year.
A spokesperson for Mr Hide said they would answer questions after the meeting. daniel.adams@waikatotimes.co.nz
Australian ISP iiNet Says It Will Fight Against Data Retention Rules
from the if-only-other-ISPs-were-so-customer-focused dept
Law enforcement agencies (like ASIO and Federal and State Police) are proposing private companies, like iiNet, should keep ongoing and very detailed records of customers' telephone and online activity. We're not talking targeted surveillance of individuals suspected of a crime, we're talking about the wholesale collection and storage of data on your online, digital and telephone activity. These records are euphemistically labelled ‘metadata' – and could include the unfiltered records of your browsing, updates, movements and phone calls, which can be readily matched to the identities in your customer account. We don't think this ‘police state' approach is a good idea, so we're fighting moves by the Australian Government to introduce legislation that would force us to collect and store your personal information.
The data collected can be incredibly sensitive – it can reveal who your friends are, where you go and what websites you visit. Indeed, it may even tell more than the content of a phone call or an email. Recent research from Stanford University showed that when analysed this data may create a revealing profile of a person's life including medical conditions, political and religious views, friends and associations. Police say “If you have nothing to hide, then you shouldn't be worried”. Personally I think that if you follow that dubious logic, we'd all be walking around naked. It's not about being worried, or wanting to ‘hide' anything. It's about the right to decide what you keep private and what you allow to be shared. YOU should be the one to make that call, and that decision should stick until a warrant or something similar is issued to law enforcement agencies to seize your information. Not convinced? Then we suggest you check out the startling website based on information collected on German politician Malte Spitz by Deutsche Telekom over just six months. Zeit Online combined this geo-location data with information relating to their life as a politician, such as Twitter feeds, blog entries and websites, all of which is all freely available on the Internet. It's really worth a look and illustrates just how informative and personally invasive metadata can be – it is truly scary stuff. Experts in the US have some equally frightening things to say about metadata. According to NSA General Counsel Stewart Baker, “…metadata absolutely tells you everything about somebody's life.” General Michael Hayden, former director of the NSA and the CIA, called Baker's comment “absolutely correct,” and frighteningly asserted, “We kill people based on metadata.”
Last week, we wrote about some vague plans announced by Australia's Attorney General George Brandis to require data retention rules for ISPs. "Data retention" is a euphemism for. It requires ISPs to hold onto a ton of data and allow the government to snoop through it. Australian ISP iiNet -- a company whose willingness to stand up for its customers against Hollywood extremism we've discussed before -- has come out with a blog post in which it promises to fight back against any such data retention rules Unlike the typical buzzword heavy responses you normally see from overly compliant ISPs regarding government surveillance, iiNet continues its reputation of being a straightshooter and explaining what's really going on and how the company is working to protect its users.iiNet goes even further in explaining and demonstrating graphically just how much "metadata" reveals about you. For example they show a single tweet -- and then all the "metadata" associated with that tweet to show just how much more information is often revealed in the metadata:From there, iiNet directly takes on the foolish folks who insist they have "nothing to hide."Brandis, in the past, has seemed totally impervious to people who have a different opinion than they do (even if they have the evidence on their side), so it's unclear how much good this will do. Still, it's good to see an ISP that is loudly and clearly standing up against data retention, and not hiding behind misleading language, but clearly stating what's happening and why it's bad.
Filed Under: australia, consumers, data retention, george brandis, privacy
Companies: iinet
Investigators are focusing on a series of meetings held by Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and an influential White House adviser, as part of their probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and related matters, according to people familiar with the investigation. The Post's Matt Zapotosky explains the development. (The Washington Post)
In this occasional series, we will bring you up to speed on the biggest national security stories of the week.
Investigators are scrutinizing a series of meetings held by President Trump's son-in-law and White House adviser Jared Kushner as part of their investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, according to people familiar with the investigation. Kushner joined the administration in early January to focus on Middle East policy and trade. They recently traveled with Trump on the president's first trip abroad.
Here's what you need to know about Kushner and the Russia investigation:
What are investigators looking into?
Law enforcement officials are examining Kushner's meetings in December with a Russian banker and the Russian ambassador. Both encounters have already been reported, but investigators are focused on the extent and nature of those meetings.
Kushner — along with former national security adviser Michael Flynn — met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak for about 20 minutes at Trump Tower in New York. The White House confirmed the meeting, saying “it made sense to establish a line of communication.” Later that month, Flynn called the Russian ambassador to discuss the sanctions — a phone call that they lied about to Vice President Pence and that eventually led them to resign.
Kislyak requested a follow-up meeting with Kushner in December, but Kushner sent an aide in their place.
Kushner also met in December with Russian banker Sergey Gorkov, the head of Vnesheconombank, a meeting that lasted for about 30 minutes. The bank was placed on the U.S. sanctions list after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.
Why is this significant?
Along with Flynn, the investigation into Russia's interference has also embroiled Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort. But Kushner is the only White House official now connected to the investigation. He's also the closest to Trump and has been described as their confidant. During the campaign, Trump relied heavily on Kushner's advice.
Kushner also omitted mentioning their December contacts with the Russians when applying for top security clearance. The application requires an individual to disclose all recent contacts with foreign nationals. Kushner's lawyer called it an error and said the forms would be revised.
This week, CNN also reported that Sessions omitted their contacts with Russian officials from a security clearance form when they were preparing to serve as the attorney general. This was the same information Sessions left out during their confirmation hearing, which eventually led them to recuse themselves from the Russia investigation. Sessions met with Kislyak twice before Trump stepped into office.
What does this mean for Kushner?
To be clear, Kushner has not been accused of any wrongdoing. Also, The Washington Post has not been told that Kushner is a “target” of the investigation, a word that generally refers to someone who is the main suspect. However, prosecutors can and do bring charges against individuals who are not designated as targets.
Jamie Gorelick, one of Kushner's attorneys, said Kushner is willing to share what they know.
“Mr. Kushner previously volunteered to share with Congress what they know about these meetings. They will do the same if they are contacted in connection with any other inquiry,” Gorelick said.
Who else wants to know more about Kushner's Russia ties?
The Senate Intelligence Committee, which is also conducting its own review into possible Russian meddling. Kushner agreed in March to testify in front of lawmakers, who are gathering a list of witnesses and scheduling interviews.
“We expect them to be able to provide answers to key questions that have arisen in our inquiry,” said Committee Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and Mark R. Warner (D-Va.) in a joint statement.
The timing of the testimony has yet to be determined.
Meanwhile, the investigation has significantly expanded, with former FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III overseeing the probe as special counsel. Investigators are now “issuing subpoenas and looking to conduct interviews,” The Post reports, and certain lawmakers have been notified about the change of pace.
Read previous briefs:
What's next in the Russia investigation? The week's biggest bombshells.
Russia and Armenia create unified army
President Vladimir Putin signed the law on the ratification of the agreement with Armenia about the creation of a group of combined forces. The Russian Parliament, the State Duma, considered the agreement in June 2016.
Source: Mil.ru
The document was posted on the official website of legal information. "To ratify the agreement between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Armenia on the united group alignment (forces) of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Armenia and the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, signed in Moscow on November 30, 2016," the law says.
Last week, Armenia announced a possibility for a war to break out after Russia supplied weapons to Azerbaijan. According to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan, this is the most painful aspect of the Armenian-Russian friendship and bilateral relations between the two countries in general.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Share:
An alleged Pakistani national was reportedly detained by Indian intelligence agencies after they disclosed their identity as an Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) operative at a New Delhi airport.
Muhammad Ahmad Sheikh Muhammad Rafiq said they wanted to disclose information Pakistan's premier intelligence after they landed at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi from Dubai, reported NDTV.
“Hello, I am an ISI agent. But I don't wish to continue any further and want to remain in India,” the newspaper quoted the alleged Pakistani national as saying.
It added that the man's claim left officials at the airport's helping desk baffled and they informed the security. The passenger, said to be in their late 30s, was detained immediately following theirs ‘revelations'.
The NDTV report, citing anonymous officials, said the man claimed they were an ISI operative booked for Nepal's Khatmandu but had decided to call it a day and remain in India.
According to NME, Green Day's longtime producer Rob Cavallo, the band has been hard at work and have “five fantastic new songs” that will leave fans delighted. Check out a snippet of the article here by clicking “read more” below.
Green Day have reportedly ‘written and demoed' five new songs, according to their longtime producer Rob Cavallo.
Cavallo, who has also worked with the likes of Linkin Park, My Chemical Romance and Paramore, has produced every album by the pop-punk band since 1994's 'Dookie'. Now, speaking to Cavallo, who has also worked with the likes of Linkin Park, My Chemical Romance and Paramore, has produced every album by the pop-punk band since 1994's 'Dookie'. Now, speaking to Kerrang! , they claimed to have heard five “fantastic” new tracks from the group.
“I recently heard five new songs that Billie [Joe Armstrong, frontman] has written and demoed,” Cavallo is quoted as saying. “Let me tell you, they were just fantastic.  They are absolutely at the top of their game. Fans can be sure that when they do return, the music will be amazing.”
It's no secret that slugging down caffeinated drinks in the evening can disrupt sleep.
But a new study led by the University of Colorado Boulder and the Medical Research Council's Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England shows for the first time that evening caffeine delays the internal circadian clock that tells us when to get ready for sleep and when to prepare to wake up. The research team showed the amount of caffeine in a double espresso or its equivalent three hours before bedtime induced a 40-minute phase delay in the roughly 24-hour human biological clock.
The study also showed for the first time how caffeine affects "cellular timekeeping" in the human body, said CU-Boulder Professor Kenneth Wright, who co-led the study with John O'Neill of the Medical Research Council's Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB) in Cambridge. While it has been known that caffeine influences circadian clocks of even primitive creatures like algae and fruit flies, the new study shows that the internal clocks in human cells can be impacted by caffeine intake.
"This is the first study to show that caffeine, the mostly widely used psychoactive drug in the world, has an influence on the human circadian clock," said Wright, a professor in CU-Boulder's Department of Integrative Physiology. "It also provides new and exciting insights into the effects of caffeine on human physiology."
A paper on the subject led by Wright and O'Neill is being published online in the Sept 16 issue of Science Translational Medicine.
For the study the team recruited five human subjects, three females and two males, who went though a double-blind, placebo-controlled 49-day protocol through CU-Boulder's Sleep and Chronobiology Laboratory, which is directed by Wright. The subjects were tested under four conditions: low light and a placebo pill; low light and the equivalent of a 200-milligram caffeine pill dependent on the subject's weight; bright light and a placebo pill; and bright light and the caffeine pill.
Saliva samples of each participant were tested periodically during the study for levels of the hormone melatonin, which is produced naturally by the pineal gland when directed to do so by the brain's "master clock." The master clock is re-set by exposure to light and coordinates cellular clocks throughout the human body. Melatonin levels in the blood increase to signal the onset of biological nighttime during each 24-hour period and decrease at the start of biological daytime, said Wright.
Those who took the caffeine pill under low-light conditions were found to have a roughly 40-minute delay in their nightly circadian rhythm compared to those who took the placebo pill under low light conditions, said Wright. The magnitude of delay from the caffeine dose was about half that of the delay induced in test subjects by a three-hour exposure to bright, overhead light that began at each person's normal bedtime.
The study also showed that bright light alone and bright light combined with caffeine induced circadian phase delays in the test subjects of about 85 minutes and 105 minutes respectively. There were no significant differences between the dim light/caffeine combination and the bright light/placebo combination. Nor were there significant differences between the bright light/placebo and bright light/caffeine combinations. The results may indicate a "ceiling" was reached in the phase delay of the human circadian clock due to the external factors, Wright said.
In addition, researchers at O'Neill's lab at the LMB in Cambridge used "reporter" genes that made cells glow when the clock genes were expressed to measure changes caused by caffeine. O'Neill's group showed that caffeine can block cell receptors of the neurotransmitter adenosine, which normally promotes sleep and suppresses arousal.
The results may help to explain why caffeine-drinking "night owls" go to bed later and wake up later and may have implications for the treatment of some circadian sleep-wake disorders, said Wright.
The new results could benefit travelers. Properly timed caffeine use could help shift the circadian clocks of those flying west over multiple time zones, said Wright.
In a 2013 study, Wright and their research team showed one week of camping in the Rocky Mountains with no artificial light, not even flashlights, synchronized the circadian clocks of the eight study subjects with the timing of sunrise and sunset.
The woman responsible for almost 24,000 drug cases being dismissed in Massachusetts in the single largest dismissal of criminal convictions in U.S. history and who may have put thousands of innocent people behind bars was a woman with a long history of fabrication.
Them husband, Surrendranath Dookhan, once warned a prosecutor, 'She's a liar, she's always lying.  They are looking for sympathy and attention.'
And Dookhan, or 'Little Annie' as they were sometimes called, had long drawn suspicion from their coworkers for their overwhelmingly large testing numbers at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory Institute, at the time the state drug lab.
One lab supervisor, Peter Piro, reported Dookhan as early as 2007 for what they thought was shoddy work and underhanded tactics, including forging a supervisor's signature and making up test results. But their supervisors paid no mind as 'superwoman' Annie was so valuable to the backed-up lab's testing numbers.
In 2004, their first year on the job, Dookhan tested 9,239 samples, more than three times the average chemist in the lab, according to a 2013 story in The Boston Globe. The following year, they tested 11,232 samples, almost twice that of the next most prolific tester.
At first, their colleagues assumed they were arriving early, not taking lunch or breaks, staying late, and taking work home. One colleague called them the 'superwoman of the lab.'
But within a few years, some grew suspicion and reported dubious behavior.
Piro said that long before the scandal broke, they caught them falsifying a chemist's signature, identifying samples as cocaine that were really heroin, not properly checking the accuracy of their scale, and making up lab test numbers. They also said that despite their staggering numbers, they hardly ever saw them in front of a microscope.
Although they reported the incidents to supervisor Charles Salemi, Salemi handed off the problem to another supervisor named Julie Nassif, who apparently did nothing.
Fellow chemist Michael Lawler told police that everyone 'had discomfort with Annie Dookhan's monthly numbers.'
When chemists were then ordered by law to testify to test results in court, numbers for the lab chemists dropped precipitously since they were now spending time out of the lab - all of them did except Little Annie, whose numbers were now six times that of the other chemists.
Dookhan's fabrications were apparently not just limited to the lab. Them husband, Surrendranath Dookhan, who became angry about a somewhat overly-friendly relationship they had with a prosecutor, George Papachristos, sent a series of text message to them saying 'This is Annie's husband do not believe her, she's a liar, she's always lying.  They are looking for sympathy and attention.'
Them relationship with Papachristos started with them saying they were a divorcee looking for love at the same time they would email them husband.
'I need someone to love me and make me laugh,' they told him.
They also told them they were unlike the others in the lab. 'My work ethic is very different from my co-workers, I give 110 % in everything I do . . . I work hard,' they said.
Eventually, they seem to have fessed up to being married, though they told Papachristos that they and their husband were having problems. Papachristos denies the two ever had an affair but they later resigned from their job as district attorney.
Later, they would tell police that she'd been going through a long divorce, yet there is no record of a divorce filing for them or their husband.
The two had a son, Branden, but they also suffered two miscarriages, which seemed to affect them profoundly.
'The miscarriages seemed to put some stress on the relationship,' said a brother-in-law who didn't want to be named.
But the lying didn't start with the lab or with their marriage. It went far back.
Born in Trinidad in 1977, Annie Sadiyya Khan, as they were known before their marriage, who would grow to be only four-foot-eleven, moved to the Boston area with their parents sometime around 1989.
From the beginning, they were determined to stand out. At Boston Latin Academy, they ran on the track team and got an A for effort from their coach, if not their skills. 'Annie's dedication was far greater than their ability,' said coach Ray Behenna.
Despite being an A student, this wasn't quite enough for them
After they graduated in 1996, they put on their resume that she'd graduated 'magna cum laude' even though there is no such honor at the school.
They left Regis College in Weston after two and a half years for mysterious reasons. They then went to University of Massachusetts Boston. Them biochemistry professor, John Warner, remembers them as one of the best students in class. 'She was really quite driven,' they said.
One classmate remembers them saying they had to leave Harvard for financial reasons and that both of their parents were doctors, neither of which is true.
The student said that Dookhan's attitude was that they were much smarter than everyone else in class. 'She was like, ‘Oh, this is so easy. I finished my homework two weeks ago.' Well the rest of us didn't think it was so easy,' the person said.
They graduated cum laude with a bachelor of science degree in 2001, majoring in biochemistry.
In 2002, they worked as a quality control analyst at MassBiologics Laboratory. Supervisor Aaron Weagle remembers them as 'clearly ambitious.'
Another supervisor, Anthony Parham, remembers them driven more by prestige than money.
'She wanted to be able to say that they were an accomplished person,' said Parham.
But they said they did find it a bit suspicious that they got results in half the time their colleagues did and subsequently came to suspect they may have done the same shenanigans in that lab as in the state lab.
They also told several people they were working on a master's in chemistry at UMass. In reality, they aren't even taking any extra classes. A year later, they claimed to have a doctorate from Harvard University.
'People were excited about that, saying what a genius they are, and someone put up a banner congratulating her,' said a colleague, Michael Gennaco. 'She was superproductive and supercompetitive and they took on a lot of responsibilities. They were going to run the lab. Well, we all got fooled, didn't we?'
But they didn't have that either.
They also inflated their salary, putting on their resume that they made $40,000, when it was $32,800.
In November 2003, they moved on to the state lab and began racking up their astonishing testing numbers. But they would tell police they began 'dry labbing' in 2009. They said they did this to 'get more work done.'
By the end of 2010, they had tested 10,933 samples compared to the mean of 2,230 by other chemists.
Several workers again took their suspicions to lab supervisor Salemi, who checked Dookhan's paperwork but not their test results, and pronounced their work fine.
They were given disciplinary action by the state.
In 2011, Dookhan was found to have removed 90 drug samples from the evidence room without authorization. Despite that, they were not asked to return their key to the room for six months.
However, the breach of protocol caught up with them when the Massachusetts State Police forensics unit took over running the lab and decided to look into the many issues with Dookhan.
In August 2012, Dookhan was interviewed at home by police where they confessed to the 'dry labbing.'
On September 28, they were arrested and by December they were charged with 17 counts of obstruction of justice, eight counts of tampering with evidence and one count each of perjury and falsification of records.
Statistics Canada's latest release on high-income trends is a bit of a surprise: The share of income accruing to the top one per cent of earners continued to fall in 2012, as it has done since 2006. A continuation of a trend shouldn't be a surprise, except that most observers have been expecting the top income share to rebound as the recovery takes hold, as has already been the case south of the border. In the U.S., the share of income going to the top one per cent increased sharply in 2012 and more than recovered the ground lost during the recession:
Earners at the very top of the income distribution have done very, very well over the past 30 years. But it turns out that all of those gains happened before 2000. Since then, gains in income have been broadly based, and incomes at the very top have actually fallen:
This leads us to the question: Why? Why has the income share at the top fallen in Canada, even as it continues to increase in the U.S.?
One answer—and it's not much more than a conjecture, at this point—is based on the exchange rate. The Canadian dollar was very weak through the 1980s and 1990s, and this was followed by a strong appreciation. Income concentrated at the top when the Canadian dollar was weak, and this trend was reversed as the Canadian dollar strengthened.
(Much of the rest of this post is based on a seminar I gave at the University of Toronto's Centre for Ethics last year. You can see the slides here.)
The idea behind the exchange rate is that top (anglophone) income earners in Canada—and in other English-speaking countries—can credibly use salaries on offer in the United States as leverage to bargain for higher salaries. Readers whose memories go back to the 1990s will remember any number of stories about the “brain drain”: As the Canadian dollar depreciated, the gap between the salaries on offer here and those on offer in the U.S.—expressed in Canadian-dollar terms—served as an incentive to move to the U.S. in search of higher incomes. The number of Canadian high earners who actually moved to the U.S. turned out to be too small to measure with any degree of accuracy, but the anecdotes were enough to extract raises to (partially) match the higher U.S. salaries. Indeed, the surge in incomes at the top is a phenomenon exclusive to the “anglosphere”: The U.S., the U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
To my mind, the most powerful piece of evidence for this theory is the concentration of incomes in francophone Quebec. In their study published in the American Economic Review, McMaster University's Michael Veall and UC Berkeley's Emmanuel Saez noted that the trend of higher income concentration was much less prominent among francophone Quebecers than in the rest of Canada, or, indeed, among anglophone Quebecers. The most plausible explanation is the language barrier: Francophone Quebecers are less likely—or less able—to credibly threaten to move to the U.S. in search of higher wages.
Kevin Milligan posted a couple of graphs on Twitter, charting average incomes of top earners in Canada and the U.S. (also available here). When you correct for the exchange rate, movements in Canadian and U.S. top incomes look quite similar:
Here's a graph of the same data, but with the U.S. salaries expressed in terms of Canadian dollars:
U.S. top salaries have always been higher than in Canada, but the gap widened sharply as the Canadian dollar depreciated—and as top U.S. salaries increased. That widening gap appears to have been used as leverage for higher salaries in Canada. But, once the Canadian dollar started to appreciate, the gap between Canadian salaries and U.S. salaries (expressed in Canadian-dollar terms) narrowed again, thus removing much of that leverage. As a result, income gains at the top have been relatively modest since 2001 or so.
The story doesn't end here, of course: The recent depreciation in the value of the Canadian dollar has produced an uptick in the Canadian value of U.S. salaries. If this continues—and if U.S. top incomes continue to increase—then top earners in Canada may start using that outside option as leverage in order to extract significant increases in their salaries.
After all, they've done it before.
Theatre where Romeo and Juliet was first performed is rediscovered in Shoreditch centuries after it was dismantled
Well preserved remains of Shakespeare's original "wooden O" stage, the Curtain theatre where Henry V and Romeo and Juliet were first performed, have been discovered in a yard in east London.
The Curtain theatre in Shoreditch preceded the Globe on the Thames, showcasing several of Shakespeare's most famous plays. But it was dismantled in the 17th century and its precise location lost.
Now part of the gravelled yard in Shoreditch where the groundlings stood, ate, gossiped and watched the plays, and foundation walls on which the tiers of wooden galleries were built have been uncovered in what was open ground for 500 years while the surrounding district became one of the most densely built in London.
Experts from Museum of London Archaeology (MoLA) have found two sections of exterior wall, crucial for giving the dimensions of the theatre, and are confident of revealing more as the site is cleared for redevelopment. An outer yard paved with sheep knuckle bones could date from the theatre or slightly later housing.
It has long been known that the Curtain – named after the ancient road it fronted – was in the area, but its exact site was lost after the building fell into disuse in the late 1620s. The site in Hewett Street is only a stone's throw from a remarkably accurate plaque marking the best guess for its location. The Curtain, built in 1577, was only a few hundred yards from another theatre further along Curtain Road, imaginatively named the Theatre, whose foundations were discovered in 2008, also by MoLA. Both were among the earliest purpose-built theatres in London, and intimately connected with Shakespeare.
When the actor-manager James Burbage fell out with their landlord at the Theatre, the company – according to cherished theatre legend – dismantled the timbers overnight and shipped them across the river to build their most famous theatre, the Globe, on Bankside.
Until the new theatre was ready, their company used the Curtain for at least two years from 1597, where Henry V, and it is believed Romeo and Juliet, were first staged. The vivid image of a theatre as a wooden O comes from the prologue to Henry V: "Can this Cock-Pit hold within this Woodden O, the very Caskes that did affright the Ayre at Agincourt?"
Rumours of the rediscovery of the Curtain have caused great excitement in the Shakespearian community, in the middle of the summer-long international festival devoted to their work. Dominic Dromgoole, artistic director of the reconstructed Globe, described the discovery as "hugely exciting".
"I love the fact that we are excavating London, and slowly clearing away the miserable piles of Victoriana and Empire, and revealing the wild, anarchic and joyous London which is lurking beneath. It reminds me of the Zocalo in Mexico City, where all the Spanish palaces are slowly sinking into the earth, and the old Mayan temples are being squeezed back up."
Michael Boyd, director of the Royal Shakespeare Company, said: "It is inspiring that the Museum of London has unearthed the foundations of the Curtain Theatre. I look forward to touching the mud and stone, if not wood, and feeling the presence of that space where Shakespeare's early work, including the histories, made such a lasting impact."
The site is part of a large block owned by a development company, Plough Yard Developments, which plans to incorporate the remains as public open space into a proposed mixed office, retail and residential development, now going for outline planning permission. Therese Bak, of the architects Pringle Brandon Drew, said they were thrilled by the discovery, and hope to incorporate a performance and exhibition space in the new buildings.
The only contemporary illustration, showing a tower-like building flying a flag, thought to be the Curtain in 1600, is an implausibly idyllic scene with a horse crossing green meadows and a charming wooded hill in the background. In reality the site is flat as a pancake, and by 1600 it was a lawless and fairly noisome district just outside the City limits, with slaughter houses and tanneries, and the now buried river Walbrook an open sewer and rubbish dump.
Chris Thomas of MoLA, who led the excavation, said the remains were remarkably well preserved, probably because for centuries they remained under open space as the theatre fell out of use and was redeveloped as housing, becoming back gardens, a pub yard – the entrance was probably where the small Victorian pub, the Horse and Groom, a listed building which will be retained, now stands – and then a garage with an inspection pit which, unknown to its builders, almost laid bare the Tudor foundations.
The site has already yielded bits of broken clay pipe, which could date from the theatre, and fragments of later china and wall tiles, but Thomas is confident of finding artefacts as more of the site is uncovered.
"On other Tudor theatres we've found quantities of little pottery money boxes, which the punters put the price of admission into on the way in, which were then smashed at the back of the theatre to get the takings – I'm sure some from the Curtain are still there, just waiting for us to find them."
• This article was amended on 6 June 2012 to correct the spelling of Dominic Dromgoole's surname. It was further amended on 7 June 2012 to remove a reference to the Curtain being Shakespeare's first venue.
Eating disorder behaviours such as purging, fasting and using pills to lose or control weight seems to be declining for most youth, yet are on the rise for those who are gay, lesbian and bisexual.
The findings are from a new study by researchers at the University of B.C., who analyzed data from U.S. youth aged 12 to 18 from 1999 to 2013.
The study, which was published online in the International Journal of Eating Disorders, found that gay boys were five times more likely to use diet pills compared to their heterosexual counterparts.
Gap between lesbian, bisexual and straight girls
The study also found the gap in the rate of disordered eating behaviours increased between lesbian and bisexual girls and their straight peers over the 14-year period.
Ryan Watson is the lead author of the study and a postdoctoral research fellow at UBC's Stigma and Resilience Among Vulnerable Youth Centre (Gavin Fisher/CBC)
"The gap is really widening for lesbian and bisexual girls where it's not for boys who are gay or bisexual, and so really [there are] some differences here within sexual orientation subgroups that are pretty alarming," said Ryan Watson, the lead author of the study and a postdoctoral research fellow at UBC's Stigma and Resilience Among Vulnerable Youth Centre.
The research found that one-third of the bisexual girls reported purging (self-induced vomiting), which stayed roughly the same from 1999 to 2013. That rate increased over the same period for lesbian girls, and decreased for heterosexual girls from eight per cent to five per cent over the same period.
Watson and their fellow researchers analyzed data gathered from surveys administered at public high schools in Massachusetts every two years between 1999 and 2013.
B.C. data shows same trend, researcher says
Though they used U.S. data for the study, Watson said they and their fellow researchers will soon be publishing a paper using provincial data from the B.C. Adolescent Health Survey, which gathered information from about 30,000 youth.
"We're looking at the same questions with very similar outcomes about binge eating and fasting to lose weight, and we see the exact same patterns here in B.C.," Watson said.
Watson said their research does not provide an answer to why these rates of disordered eating are so different between heterosexual and sexual minority youth.
However, they said there is research suggesting that interventions and other programs to promote healthy eating are not reaching lesbian, gay and bisexual youth in the same way they are reaching straight youth.
Watson said the results of these studies could have implications for how these programs are planned and created in the future.
"I'd want parents, schools and clinicians to know there are these big disparities for this population," they said.
"We need to know it's more nuanced than just LGB(TQ) people have higher rates of disordered eating, but you need to consider the nuanced factor and see that lesbians and bisexuals actually may need to be approached differently."
With files from CBC's On the Coast
To hear the full interview listen to the audio labelled: Eating disorder behaviours on the rise for gay, lesbian, bisexual youth, UBC study finds
Photo: Getty Images/SuperStock
If you were confused during the debate tonight by questions and answers about Aleppo, the Syrian city that's become a focal point of the country's raging conflict, you're not alone! So were the many people frantically searching on Merriam-Webster's website. According to Merriam-Webster, “lepo-” — that's as in “what's a lepo?” — topped the list of search terms queried over the course of the 90-minute trudge. It was joined by terms like “bigly,” “demogogic,” and “petulant.” And, of course, “Aleppo.” No word on how many of these searches were performed by the Republican candidate live onstage.
Your debate lookups @MerriamWebster, in order:
lepo-
bigly
demogogic
demagogue
locker-room
bipartisan
Aleppo
socialism
petulant
debate — Kory Stamper (@KoryStamper) October 10, 2016
Note that more people are looking up 'lepo-' (as in, "what's a lepo?") than 'Aleppo'. #debate https://t.co/SvAqKWp3bz — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) October 10, 2016
There's nothing wrong with Googling something and educating yourself. Just make sure you're Googling the right thing.
Ultra-Orthodox extremists in Jerusalem's Mea Shearim neighborhood burnt effigies of Haredi IDF soldiers during Lag B'Omer celebratory bonfires on Saturday night as part of their protest against the Conscription Law.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
In addition to the effigies, agitators also burned Israeli flags in a renewed effort to demonstrate their opposition to the state.
The effigies and the flags are the latest example of an annual custom in which ultra-Orthodox communities burn contemporary "enemies" of the community. Past recipients of the dubious honor include Yesh Atid leader Yair Lapid and former Knesset member Yossi Sarid.
Extremists burn effigies of Haredi soldiers (צילום: חיים גולדברג)
X
This is not the first incident of violent behavior involving effigies of Haredi IDF soldiers. Several months ago, several dolls dressed as Haredi IDF soldiers were hanged throughout Mea Shearim.
Ultra-Orthodox "Jerusalem Faction" members burning the Israeli flag in protest of the Conscription Law
Police forces who came to remove the effigies were subject to stone throwing and verbal abuse by locals.
The group thought to be behind the majority of inciting incidents—including mass protests and disruptions of traffic—is an extremist, ultra-Orthodox sect from Lithuania, referred to as the "Jerusalem Faction" and led by Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach.
In their opening remarks at the weekly cabinet meeting, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu decried the "reprehensible" burnings, but noted that the culprits represented a tiny minority fringe group.
"Last night, there was a reprehensible incident in Jerusalem. An extremist and truly marginal faction of ultra-orthodox society, a faction identified with Neturei Karta, burned effigies of IDF soldiers in uniform along with Israeli flags, in order to offend ultra-orthodox soldiers," Netanyahu said. "This was deplorable. IDF soldiers guard everyone, including the ultra-orthodox, including these people. I expect, request and demand that all public leaders condemn this despicable act and I also request that the police find those responsible."
In addition to Prime Minister Netanyahu, a host of public leaders spoke out harshly against the incident.
Minister of the Interior, Aryeh Deri, said the act was "indecent and outrageous," while calling on the police to "immediately arrest the perpetrators."
Haredi IDF effigies being set ablaze (Photo: Chaim Goldberg)
MK David Azulai, Minister of Religious Services, said, "Burning a doll dressed as a soldier is blasphemous, grave act that harms the public and soldiers. This is not the way of the Torah. I condemn these actions and call upon the Israel Police to bring justice to the irresponsible and outlandish minority who did this."
Minister of Defense Avigdor Lieberman joined the chorus as well, saying, "The burning of IDF soldier effigies is a shameful and severe event that requires resolute and uncompromising police action and a clear condemnation by the leaders of the ultra-Orthodox community."
Yesh Atid Chairman Yair Lapid issued a response on their Facebook page, saying, "Is Israel still a country of law or have we abandoned this? Because it isn't a problem to find those responsible, there isn't a problem with arresting them and there isn't a problem in handing out indictments. This government—which speaks out against peep made by a minor journalist in Australia—cannot continue to stay silent in the face of such madness."
Lapid went on to write, "This isn't a struggle between the Haredim and the secular—the majority of Haredim are disgusted and shocked by these acts of insanity like all Israeli citizens. We need to investigate, arrest and punish."
(Translated and edited by Fred Goldberg)
Droughts lasting decades that make the dust bowls of the 1930s look like a picnic will begin to hit south-western and central regions of the US within the next 50 to 100 years. And the primary cause of the droughts will be global warming.
The impact on agriculture could be huge, say the researchers who made the predictions, and could trigger “water wars” as farmers and large settlements squabble over water resources that become ever more scarce.
“Instead of lasting maybe 10 years, these mega-droughts will last 20, 30, maybe even 40 years,” says Benjamin Cook at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York, who led the analysis.
“Most importantly, they are droughts that, once started, will last a really long time, longer than ever seen in the US,” says Cook. “It's not going to be transient either. There will be new average drier conditions.”
Advertisement
Cook and their colleagues made their predictions after analysing drought conditions in the US over the past 2000 years, based on tens of thousands of tree-ring samples collected throughout the country. “If there's a wide ring, it was wet, and a narrow one shows it was dry,” explains Cook.
Parched projections
The team used this to evaluate the probability of droughts and their likely severity over the next 100 years. Their work factored in 17 different climate projections, and compared two global warming scenarios – a “business-as-usual” scenario and one in which moderate action is taken to curb emissions of greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide.
To predict the severity of future droughts, the team also estimated soil moisture levels, and used the Palmer Drought Severity Index – which reflects how soil moisture content varies with rainfall and how much moisture the soil retains.
A PDSI score of zero means that soil moisture is in perfect balance. Positive scores indicate flooding or waterlogging, while negative scores indicate drought. “Once you're below -1, that's a hard, serious drought,” says Cook.
The analysis suggests things will get much worse than that before 2100 – even with moderate action to reduce emissions. Under many of the 17 climate projections, PDSI scores are predicted to plummet inexorably downward to -3 for both the Central Plains and the Southwest US, with the latter particularly hard hit. Scores for soil moisture are equally precipitous, closely tracking the collapse in PDSI.
If the predictions are correct, the droughts will be worse than anything seen over the past millennium, including a 200-year period of intense drought between 1100 and 1300, called the Medieval Climate Anomaly.
“The paper sounds very plausible, and sounds an ominous warning,” says Kevin Trenberth of the US National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado. “In the absence of moisture, drought is exacerbated, plants wilt, the risk of heatwaves increases and the odds of wildfires sky-rocket,” they say.
Water = tight
And the key cause will be global warming. “It will still rain, but what's driving a lot of the drought is drying of the soils through evaporation,” says Cook.
This makes sense, says Trenberth. “What is very robust is the expected increase in drying, through evapotranspiration, simply because there's more heat available from global warming that has to go somewhere.”
“As scientists develop better ways to uncover the occurrence of such events in distant history, while also improving models capable of projecting future climate conditions, both threads of research are saying the same thing… that we are likely underestimating the risks,” says Douglas Kenney of the University of Colorado at Boulder. “It's sobering news, but it deserves our attention.”
Worst hit will be agriculture. “It's the dominant user of water in North America,” says Cook. “It may be necessary to give up on some areas, and there will be decisions about drought-resistant crops, and whether to import water from elsewhere,” they say.
The omens from the current drought across much of the south-west are not good. Aquifers are being depleted at unsustainable rates, and surface reservoirs are already down to historically low levels. “Much of the groundwater is non-renewable, so once you use it, it's gone,” says Cook. Likewise the snowpack on the Sierra mountains is only a quarter of its usual volume.
Conflict could mount over the water sources still available. It may mean coastal cities turning to solutions like desalination of seawater, which is highly energy-intensive.
“The question is, to what extent will these current strategies work with the much more serious droughts that are outside our experience?” says Cook.
Journal reference: Science Advances, DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.1400082
Two months ago I had the pleasure of writing up a small nostalgia piece on the Art of Will McLean, and after it hit the press John O'Neill gets me on my cell and tells me ‘It's not enough!'. Ryan Harvey and I got a kick out of that, to be sure, both of us taking in some sun on the Black Gate L.A. corporate terrace. Such rants by John always elicit great mirth when we are both well aware of their location some 2118 miles away, meaning they have little power over us.
Still, I was both moved and intrigued when a message from Mr. McLean showed up on my blog a few days later. This pushed me to consider that my article was indeed, as John insisted ‘not enough!'. Weeks passed, and John kept at me until they finally forced my hand with a full travel itinerary showing up at the office by Wells Fargo courier and the next thing I knew I was once again on a Zeppelin with an interview in mind.
The destination… Malvern Pennsylvania, a fine and upstanding Victorian era borough of less than four thousand people that resides some twenty-five miles west of Philadelphia, and home to Will McLean. Having spent twelve years in Maryland, this was fairly familiar country to me, and I eased into a transition from the heat of L.A. to the seemingly never ending winter of the northeast.
Will and I took a meeting at Warren Tavern which resides at the General Warren Inne to which I was housed on my journey. A marvelous place, and after ordering up an outstanding rack of lamb, a sautéed colossal crab cake, and a lemon mash potato that was to die for, Will settled in for the interview I'd been waiting twenty years to give.
An Interview With Will McLean
Conducted and transcribed by Scott Taylor, April 2011
.
BG:How did you first get connected with TSR?
WM: My first contact with TSR was a packet of cartoons and illustrations I submitted: they liked the cartoons, and ran the first in the Dragon #17 in August of 1978.
BG:Were you already working with Dragon Magazine, and Dragon Mirth, when you did the now iconic comic images for the 1st Edition DMG?
WM: The DMG editor contacted me in March of 1979: they liked my cartoons that had been running in The Dragon but TSR periodicals weren't willing to share any of the unpublished ones previously submitted. The cartoons that I did for the DMG were specifically for that book.
BG:Where did the inspiration for those pieces come from?
WM: Some of the ideas were inspired by things that actually happened in our
campaign. We had at least one fighter whose intelligence was lower than
their sword's. We had a character who strapped a bag of devouring to theirs
belt on hopes that a thief would try to pick that particular pocket.
Whenever we met a rust monster, the mighty high level fighters would
cower behind the magic users, who were expected to beat it to death
with their staves if it survived to close to melee combat, because if forced to choose between humiliation and having a suit of +5 plate armor reduced to a pile of rust, our fighters could be relied on to make the smart choice, regardless of their nominal intelligence stats.
BG:It seems like only a gamer and player of D&D could write those comics. What was your experience with the game?
WM: I started playing in late 1975. We had only the original three booklets [White Box] and the Greyhawk supplement at that time. In many ways it was a good time to be a player, because the encounter tables required the evil NPCs to act like complete morons. You would meet parties composed entirely of magic users or fighters. Of course, a combined arms team of player characters would go through them like a knife through butter. The survival rate was pretty good in the early days.
In terms of experiencing a believable fantasy world, not so much. Also, the early rules were not as clear as they should have been, and magic use lacked some of the limitations that were added by AD&D, improving play balance.
AD&D was a considerable improvement, but the first edition still had a number of features I found frustrating, including the annoying alignment languages. Non-humans were essentially limited in advancement in everything but thief, and as thieves they had all their racial advantages relative to humans, you had the quirk that the non-human elite were all thieves and the PC thieves were always non-human. Fighters didn't have a lot of combat decisions to make besides weapon choice, and if you had a good magic sword you rarely wanted to use anything else. I also found the rigid class categories frustrating. I liked the GURPS system a lot better for that.
I had stopped playing AD&D by the time the second edition came out.
The other nagging annoyance of original D&D and AD&D was the way defensive skill was entirely abstracted as hit points. The game as written didn't entirely respect the implications of this. For example, armor class aside, a 15th level fighter had no more ability to avoid being beheaded by a stroke from a Vorpal Blade than a 1st level one.
BG:When were you approached to do the Wizardry computer game art?
WM: I knew Andy Greenberg in 1979, when Wizardry was being developed, as we were living in the same dorm at Cornell. Robert Woodhead was also at Cornell at that time. I had some modest input into the initial play-testing.
BG:Were you just involved in just the comic art for the Wizardry manual, or did you do any other art for the game?
WM: The assignment to illustrate the manual came a bit later, in 1980 or 1981, after I graduated from Cornell in 1979. In addition to the manual illustrations, I did an illustration for a print ad and executed the Wizardry logo. I did none of the on-screen art, which was in any case was pretty primitive for Wizardry 1.
BG:I know about Dragon Mirth, the DMG, and Wizardry, but are there any other McLean masterpieces that are out there most people wouldn't know about?
WM: Here's a list of where my illustrations were published.
The Star Saga computer game was a fun project that unfortunately didn't sell well enough for them to complete the trilogy. The illustrations that I did for Daily Life in Chaucer's England were informative rather than amusing, but the book may be of interest to a gamemaster wanting to flesh out a medieval setting. A number of my illustrations from Wizardry and Star Saga are available on CafePress: searching on my name will find them.
BG:One of my favorite pieces for your characters is the hat for the cleric; where did that come from?
WM: The cleric's helmet was based on the one worn by Eugene Pallette's Friar Tuck in the Errol Flynn Robin Hood. I thought they made a pretty good model for a fighting cleric.
BG:Both myself and others have said that your gift was combining modern-day connections to fantasy RP settings for comic effect. Still, your comics come from the early 80s and much has changed. Do you think you would have an even easier time coming up with ideas today because of the bloom in technology?
WM: Hard to say. It's easier to publish today, but that also means there's more competition. Order of the Stick and Darths & Droids are both smart and funny webcomics that seem pretty well informed by the gaming experience.
BG:Do you still produce RPG inspired art, and if so, where can it be found?
WM: I'm not currently producing new RPG art. I am republishing some of my earlier RPG material, both on CafePress, as mentioned earlier, and on my deviantArt gallery.
A court in Ohio has banned a father of four from having any more children until they pay thousands of dollars in owed child support, The Chronicle-Telegram reported.
The 9th District Court of Appeals banned 35-year-old Asim Taylor from having any more offspring until they pay the nearly $100,000 in child support for the four kids they already have. The decision upholds the ruling of a Lorain County court judge who issued the ban in January 2013.
Jude Donna Carr, of the appeal's court three-judge panel, said Lorain County Probate Judge James Walther was right to rule against Taylor given their past failure to support their children.
"Where, as here, the defendant has demonstrated a long-term refusal to support multiple children by multiple women notwithstanding their ability to work and contribute something for their care, an anti-procreation condition is reasonably related to future criminality," Carr wrote in the court's decision released Monday and obtained by The Chronicle-Telegram.
"Taylor has here demonstrated that they are not inclined to support any of their children. There is no reason to believe that they would be inclined to support any future children."
Taylor's defense attorney, Doug Merrill, said the ruling is a violation of their client's right to reproduce and that they plan on bringing the case to the Ohio Supreme Court.
"The court is now stepping into their bedroom," Merrill said in 2013, the newspaper reported.
Walther said it was a "matter of common sense and personal responsibility" when they issued the procreation ban. They said Taylor would spend a year in jail if they violated the ban.
Walther said they were happy the appeals court upheld their decision because it will help them decide in similar cases. But they also wished the court gave more details as to the legality of their decision.
The appeals court said that without a pre-sentence report, which would have provided more information about Taylor's past, they could not decide on the integrity of Walther's ruling.
Ottawa's first court for Indigenous peoples was officially announced Friday with a ceremony at the Ottawa courthouse.
The court is meant to address the high representation of Indigenous people in the Canadian criminal justice system. It will begin hearing cases Sept. 11.
Members of the provincial government, local Indigenous leaders and other officials spoke at the event.
"It [took] a long time. We've happy we've achieved it," said Ontario Court Justice Celynne Dorval, noting talks surrounding the court had been in the works for five years.
"We're hoping that with proper resources … we can better serve the defendants and therefore reduce recidivism and reduce the rates of incarcerated Indigenous peoples."
The court will operate much like any other court, said Dorval, with a rotation of judges dealing with all types of criminal offences.
However, it won't conduct any trials and will only sit two half-days each week, they added.
Justice Celynne Dorval said it takes time and money to establish these courts, but they are glad the project has finally been realized. (Judy Trinh/CBC)
Lived experience taken into account
The court will also have a special team behind the scenes compiling what are known as Gladue reports.
Gladue reports take their name from a 1995 court case in which an Indigenous defendant argued the court should have considered their lived experience as an Indigenous offender.
Teams at the Indigenous court will write documents outlining what experiences in an offender's life should have an impact on their sentencing.
Kara Louttit will work at the court, writing documents that explain the history of the offender in an effort to help the judge understand their experiences. (Judy Trinh/CBC)
"It's an important process to promote healing," said Kara Louttit, one of the court's four Gladue workers. "Systemic racism impacts our Indigenous offenders at every level in the criminal justice system."
Many at the ceremony said they hoped this court would be a step in the right direction.
"In my experience, many [Indigenous offenders] feel like they're a file and number, and they're not treated as a person," said Greg Meekis, a newly-appointed bail supervisor.
"It's going to be a more helpful and positive step. We deal with the why — why did this [crime] happen."
PHOENIX — State lawyers renewed their defense of Arizona's gay marriage ban Thursday with a brief that urged a federal judge to uphold it.
The filing starts the clock on a court ruling that many expect will soon lead to same-sex marriages in Arizona.
In the brief, state lawyers said District Judge John Sedwick shouldn't overturn the ban because the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals hasn't issued a blanket mandate that would legalize gay marriage across the West.
Sedwick set the state's Thursday deadline for any filings in a case that challenges Arizona's ban on same-sex unions after the 9th Circuit Court ruled last week that struck down bans elsewhere in its jurisdiction as violations of due process and equal protection rights.
Sedwick is hearing two lawsuits challenging Arizona's gay marriage ban and has said it appears the appeals court ruling means Arizona's ban also is unconstitutional.
Gay marriage supporters filed a supporting brief Wednesday to bolster their argument that Sedwick should immediately strike down Arizona's ban.
Plaintiffs' lawyers in one of the two lawsuits wrote that same-sex marriages are now being performed and recognized in many states and that the same should be true in Arizona.
Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne has said they expect Sedwick to rule by the end of the week. Horne added that they expect to take at least the weekend to review the decision.
Article continues below
“Once they decide, I'll have to decide whether to appeal or not to appeal,” Horne said. “And that will be based purely on a legal analysis without any consideration of policy issues.”
Arizona legislators approved a state law barring same-sex marriages in 1996. Seven years later, an Arizona appeals court upheld the constitutionality of the law. Voters in 2008 added the ban to the Arizona Constitution.
Seven couples who live in Arizona have challenged it.
The 9th Circuit ruled on Oct. 7 that gay marriage prohibitions in Nevada and Idaho violated the equal-protection rights of same-sex couples.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear appeals from several states seeking to retain their bans on same-sex marriage.
The plaintiffs' brief is here, and the state's filing is here.
© 2014, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Iris brickyard, the site of the ghetto (May 2007)
Coordinates: The Kolozsvár Ghetto was one of the lesser-known Jewish ghettos of the World War II era. The ghetto was located in the city of Kolozsvár, Kingdom of Hungary (now Cluj-Napoca, Romania). Between the signing of the Treaty of Trianon in 1920 and the Second Vienna Award in 1940, Cluj was a part of Romania. In 1947, the Paris Peace Treaties gave Northern Transylvania (including Cluj) to Romania.
History [ edit ]
On 3 May 1944, the ghettoization of Kolozsvár Jews began. The ghettoization was completed within a week. This was less than two months after the Germans invaded Hungary, on 19 March, and placed Hungary under a puppet government, the Government of National Unity.
The Jews were concentrated in the Iris brickyard in the northern part of the city. This area consisted mostly of shacks used for drying bricks and tiles. The ghetto had practically no facilities for the approximately eighteen thousand Jews who were assembled there from Cluj and the surrounding Cluj County. The concentration of the Jews was carried out by the local administrative and police authorities with the cooperation of Protective Squadron (Schutzstaffel) advisers, including SS-Captain (SS-Hauptsturmfuhrer) Dieter Wisliceny. The ghetto was under the command of László Urbán, the police chief of Cluj. The ghetto's internal administration was entrusted to a Jewish Council (Judenrat). The members of this council included Fischer (as head), Rabbi Akiba Glasner, Rabbi Mozes Weinberger, and Ernő Márton. As in all the other ghettos in Hungary, the local brickyard also had a "mint," a special building where the police tortured Jews into revealing where they had hidden their valuables.
The Kolozsvár Ghetto was liquidated in six transports to Auschwitz (now Oświęcim, Poland), with the first deportation occurring on 25 May and the last on 9 June.
I Heart Virtual
My name is , AKA
Lil' from around the way...
And I got a bone to pick with today.
I need more than boxes, more than speeds, and feeds,
I want to build more apps and up the proceeds
You can call me , you can call me a dissenter
But we need to get virtual in the data center.
Are you with me? Or are we gonna fight?
If so, come back at me and let's take a page from
And do the thing right.
Let's Get Physical
My name is , AKA
The coming at you today
I've got beef with you, , and I'm not lying,
Sweeter than , but today I'm terrifying
Our physical network keeps us safe and ensures security
Want to be a , a steady cash cow? Want to know how?
Stay physical in the data center for the here and the now.
Are you on my side or are you against?
If that's the case, I'm throwing down, brother
Show me your angst.
General Beef With Anyone
They call me , the butchest of beef
Gonna break down this gripe, gonna give a debrief:
When you talk about it makes my skin crawl,
If you again, you're gonna start a brawl.
This issue goes deep,
I can't or sleep,
Can't sip a — I'm not drinking it,
Can't log on — I'm not hyperlinking it,
No — I ain't watching on the telly,
No — Not getting it from the deli.
I wish you would just agree that I'm right about this,
Until that day comes? Please accept my Diss.
About Podcast Bookers
Podcast Bookers is a service that helps business people like you get booked on podcasts as an expert guest, on shows that are relevant to your professional niche. Our goal is to prepare you for a custom podcast tour that will help you get exposure to new audiences, build trust and authority in your personal brand, and improve the search engine visibility of your website.
Our ideal customers are marketing, digital agency owners and entrepreneurs.
We Are Different
Most podcast booking services are glorified virtual assistant services. No other podcast outreach or podcast booking service provider has our experience or approach. We are owned and operated by marketing and SEO experts. You will get the best ROI from our guest booking service. Period.
Highlights of our podcast booking services include:
Prepare a compelling pitch
Prepare you for interviews
Train you how to optimize your interviews for Google
Get you booked on relevant podcasts
Show you how to amplify your interviews for social media
Get Started
Strait between Greenland and Iceland
The Denmark Strait (Danish: Danmarksstrædet) or Greenland Strait (Icelandic: Grænlandssund, 'Greenland Sound') is an oceanic strait between Greenland (to its northwest) and Iceland (to its southeast). The Norwegian island of Jan Mayen lies northeast of the strait.
Geography [ edit ]
The strait connects the Greenland Sea, an extension of the Arctic Ocean, to the Irminger Sea, a part of the Atlantic Ocean. It stretches 480 kilometres (300 mi) long and 290 kilometres (180 mi) wide at its narrowest, between Straumnes, the northwestern headland of the Westfjords peninsula of Hornstrandir, and Cape Tupinier on Blosseville Coast in East Greenland). The official International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) delineation between the Arctic and the North Atlantic Oceans runs from Straumnes to Cape Nansen, 132 km (82 miles) southwest of Cape Tunipier. From Straumnes to Cape Nansen the distance is 336 km (209 miles).
Hydrography [ edit ]
The narrow depth, where the Greenland–Iceland Rise runs along the bottom of the sea, is 191 metres (625 ft). The cold East Greenland Current passes through the strait and carries icebergs south into the North Atlantic. It hosts important fisheries.
The world's largest known underwater waterfall, known as the Denmark Strait cataract, flows down the western side of the Denmark Strait.[1]
Battle of the Denmark Strait [ edit ]
During World War II, the Battle of the Denmark Strait took place on 24 May 1941. The German battleship Bismarck sank the British battlecruiser HMS Hood, which exploded with the loss of all but three of its 1,418 crew; HMS Prince of Wales was seriously damaged in the engagement. Bismarck entered the Atlantic through the Strait, but damage sustained in the battle—combined with British aircraft search-and-destroy missions—led to its sinking three days later.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The parent company of KFC have denied that a handwritten note containing what is reported to be the 11 secret herbs and spices for Colonel Sanders' deep fried chicken is authentic.
The Chicago Tribune last week published what they claim could be the recipe for KFC fried chicken.
Joe Ledington said they found a handwritten note, outlining KFC's recipe, in a scrapbook belonging to their late Aunt Claudia, the second-wife of Colonel Harland Sayers.
Mr Ledington said the scrapbook had been passed down through family members since Mrs Sander's death in 1997.
However, Yum! Brands have denied that what was published is the actual 'original recipe'.
"In the 1940s, Colonel Sanders developed the original recipe chicken to be sold at their gas station diner. At the time, the recipe was written above the door so anyone could have read it. But today, we go to great lengths to protect such a sacred blend of herbs and spices. In fact, the recipe ranks among America's most valuable trade secrets," KFC parent company Yum! told the Chicago Tribune.
"To ensure the secrecy of the recipe, KFC's 11 herbs and spices are prepared by two different suppliers before being combined together and packaged for our restaurants."
John Young Brown Jr, a former Kentucky governor who purchased Kentucky Fried Chicken from Colonel Sanders in 1964 and turned it into a multi-million dollar brand, said they have doubts about this being the original recipe.
"People along the way have all claimed they have the recipe," Mr Brown said.
In addition to the alleged secret recipe, the scrapbook also contained photographs from their wedding, original franchise agreements and original photos from various overseas KFC restaurant openings.
They claim the handwritten recipe was found on a piece of paper tucked into an envelope inside a copy of them will.
"I don't want to get in an argument with Yum! Brands about it but... I'm pretty sure that it's pretty close to the original," Mr Ledington told the Courier-Journal.
According to the Chicago Tribune, the recipe calls for: two cups of flour, 2/3 tablespoons of salt, 1/2 tablespoon of thyme, 1/2 tablespoon of basil, 1/3 tablespoon of oregano, 1 tablespoon of celery salt, 1 tablespoon of black pepper, 1 tablespoon of dried mustard, 4 tablespoons of paprika, 2 tablespoons of garlic salt, 1 tablespoon of ground ginger and 3 tablespoons of white pepper.
After testing several batches, the Tribune believe they matched the recipe as close as they could when they added MSG to the batter mix - another claim Yum! have denied.
"All of our major menu item ingredients are listed on our website, as well as certain ingredients you would like to avoid," they said in a statement, when asked directly if they use MSG.
Mr Ledington said they are not surprised people are doubting the recipe's authenticity.
""I really didn't think about it. I didn't use my head and I certainly don't want to get sued by Yum! Brands," they said.
"But I didn't think much about it. I grew up with it."
John Young Brown Jr, the man who purchased Kentucky Fried Chicken from Colonel Sanders and turned it into a multi-million dollar brand, has also denied the recipe's authenticity (Image: AAP) ()
Colonel Sanders seen enjoying a pie from iconic Sydney 24-hour retailer, Harry's Cafe De-Wheels (Image: AP Photo via AAP) ()
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
The United States has made common cause with an assortment of dubious regimes around the world to wage the war on drugs. Perhaps the most shocking example was Washington's decision in May 2001 to financially reward Afghanistan's infamous Taliban government for its edict ordering a halt to the cultivation of opium poppies.
When the Taliban implemented a ban on opium cultivation in early 2001, U.S. officials were most complimentary. James P. Callahan, director of Asian Affairs for the State Department's Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, uncritically relayed the alleged accounts of Afghan farmers that “the Taliban used a system of consensus-building” to develop and carry out the edict. That characterization was more than a little suspect because the Taliban was not known for pursuing consensus in other aspects of its rule. Columnist Robert Scheer was justifiably scathing in their criticism of the U.S. response. “That a totalitarian country can effectively crack down on its farmers is not surprising,” Sheer noted, but they considered it “grotesque” for a U.S. official to describe the drug-crop crackdown in such benign terms.
Yet the Bush administration did more than praise the Taliban's proclaimed ban of opium cultivation. In mid-May, 2001, Secretary of State Colin Powell announced a $43 million grant to Afghanistan in addition to the humanitarian aid the United States had long been providing to agencies assisting Afghan refugees. Given Callahan's comment, there was little doubt that the new stipend was a reward for Kabul's anti-drug efforts. That $43 million grant needs to be placed in context. Afghanistan's estimated gross domestic product was a mere $2 billion. The equivalent financial impact on the U.S. economy would have required an infusion of $215 billion. In other words, $43 million was very serious money to Afghanistan's theocratic masters.
To make matters worse, U.S. officials were naive to take the Taliban edict at face value. The much-touted crackdown on opium poppy cultivation appears to have been little more than an illusion. Despite U.S. and UN reports that the Taliban had virtually wiped out the poppy crop in 2000-2001, authorities in neighboring Tajikistan reported that the amounts coming across the border were actually increasing. In reality, the Taliban gave its order to halt cultivation merely to drive up the price of opium the regime had already stockpiled.
Even if the Taliban had tried to stem cultivation for honest reasons, U.S. cooperation with that regime should have been morally repugnant. Among other outrages, the Taliban government prohibited the education of girls, tortured and executed political critics, and required non-Muslims to wear distinctive clothing—a practice eerily reminiscent of Nazi Germany's requirement that Jews display the Star of David on their clothing. Yet U.S. officials deemed none of that to be a bar to cooperation with the Taliban on drug policy.
Even if the Bush administration had not been dissuaded by moral considerations, it should have been by purely pragmatic concerns. There was already ample evidence in the spring of 2001 that the Taliban was giving sanctuary to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network that had bombed two U.S. embassies in East Africa. For the State Department to ignore that connection and agree to subsidize the Taliban was inexcusably obtuse. Scheer was on the mark when they concluded, “The war on drugs has become our own fanatics' obsession and easily trumps all other concerns.”
Washington's approach came to an especially calamitous end in September 2001 when the Taliban regime was linked to bin Laden's terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon that killed some 3,000 people. Moreover, evidence quickly emerged that the Taliban all along had been collecting millions of dollars in profits from the illicit drug trade, with much of that money going into the coffers of the terrorists. Rarely is there such graphic evidence of the bankruptcy of U.S. drug policy.
(This story first appeared in today's USA TODAY.)
Mark Hunt used to be like an annoying cousin to the UFC. The organization had a connection to him, but it didn't really want to recognize it.
The UFC inherited Hunt's contract after it purchased rival promotion PRIDE in 2007. Their record at the time showed five consecutive losses, and their rotund physique left questions about their commitment to the sport and ability to make the heavyweight limit.
But this week, at Saturday's UFC 180 at Mexico City Arena (10 p.m. ET, pay-per-view), Hunt (10-8-1 MMA, 5-2-1 UFC) meets Fabricio Werdum (18-5-1, 6-2) for the promotion's interim heavyweight title.
Five years ago, UFC executives wanted nothing to buy out Hunt's contract and send them on their way. Now he's readying for a championship bout. Hunt, 40, understood reasoning behind the UFC's original reservations, but refused to accept a payoff.
“No one likes to be told they're not good enough, and that's basically what they were saying to me,” Hunt tells USA TODAY Sports. “I didn't like that because I still felt I'm one of the best in the world. I don't blame them, because I was coming off a six-fight losing streak, but it wasn't an easy pill to swallow – especially when you've spent most of your life as a fighter.”
Hunt, from New Zealand, made their UFC debut in September 2010, but was submitted by Sean McCorkle in just 63 seconds. It was Hunt's sixth defeat in a row, and the nature of the finish indicated they could be one and done inside the octagon. But the UFC gave them one more chance, and Hunt hasn't looked back.
They got their first UFC victory their next time out, and has four more since then. Now he's in position to become a titleholder.
An injury to champion Cain Velasquez opened to door for Hunt to step in against Werdum. With less than four weeks to prepare, the circumstances aren't ideal. But it's not the first time Hunt has had the odds stacked against him.
“You have to just deal with the circumstances you're given,” Hunt says. “That's the case in life. I dealt with the circumstances I was given when the UFC didn't want me and I turned a negative into a positive and moved on. I'm dealing with it in a positive way and I'm turning a bad situation into a good situation.”
Career peaks and valleys are commonplace, but Hunt's rise to prominence is a unique one.
“He's one of the greatest stories in sports,” says UFC President Dana White. “He had a losing record in PRIDE and we didn't want to bring them into the UFC. They proved us wrong. They proved everybody who doubted them wrong.”
Hunt may be the only person who was convinced of their abilities from the beginning. If naysayers remain, Hunt says he'll silence them at UFC 180.
“I shouldn't even be here by these statistics on the book,” Hunt says. “I'm too old, too fat and I shouldn't even be doing any of these things. From an unwanted fighter to fighting for a world title, here I am. I'm a little old fat hillbilly knocking on the door of the UFC world championship.”
For more on UFC 180, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
The Bottom 10 inspirational thought of the week:
"I have spent my whole life scared,
frightened of things that could happen,
might happen, might not happen.
Fifty years I spent like that. Find myself awake
at three in the morning. But you know what?
Ever since my diagnosis, I sleep just fine.
What I came to realize is that fear,
that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy.
So get up, get out in the real world
and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth."
-- Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad"
The Bottom 10 knows all about fear and getting kicked in the teeth.
And the Florida Gators know all about bad breaks.
"Breaking Bad" fans have been going through withdrawal since the drama's epic finale in late September. Thanks to myriad bad breaks, the Gators have suffered withdrawal from winning over the past month; they've lost four games in a row and are in danger of finishing with a losing season for the first time since 1979.
Last week, Florida lost to Vanderbilt 34-17 on homecoming at the Swamp, its first home defeat against the Commodores since 1945. If the Gators don't win two of their remaining three games against No. 10 South Carolina, FCS foe Georgia Southern and No. 2 Florida State, they'll miss a bowl game for the first time in 22 seasons.
The Gators have suffered more bad breaks this season than a heavyweight boxer's nose. Florida lost quarterback Jeff Driskel, tailback Matt Jones, receiver/kick returner Andre Debose and top defensive lineman Dominique Easley to season-ending injuries.
Cranston, who played the lead role of Walter White in "Breaking Bad," knows all about going from good to really bad in a short time. They were a chemistry teacher until they were diagnosed with terminal cancer, then became a crystal meth manufacturer and assumed an alter ego to secure their family's future before their impending death.
With apologies to Steve Harvey and Bryan Cranston, here's this week's Bottom 10:
Sen. Thom Tillis Thomas (Thom) Roland TillisGOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump Don't look for House GOP to defy Trump on border wall MORE (R-N.C.) is pushing Senate Republicans to change the rules of the chamber to make it easier to churn out legislative victories.
In an interview on Politico's "Off Message" podcast, Tillis said that Republicans have turned to complaining about the Senate's processes to explain legislative struggles and failures.
“When people are fundamentally opposed to the policy, they start screaming process,” Tillis said. “It's hard to debate the result. They may not like the process, but if they don't like the process, change the rules. Otherwise, you should use whatever rules are available to produce the outcome.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Tillis, the finance chairperson of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, warned that Republicans will face difficult elections in the coming years if they fail to produce the results they've promised.
The junior North Carolina senator's comments come after a series of failed attempts in the Senate to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act, despite the GOP's longtime promise to do so.
Some — notably Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) — have called for a return to "regular order," and have criticized how some have attempted to jam legislation through the chamber without going through the usual hearings and committee deliberations.
Tillis, however, said that people outside of Washington generally aren't concerned with congressional processes or rules, and would simply prefer to see results.
"People cop out to the process narrative. Quite honestly, I don't think most people in the United States care about the process. It just spins out good in Washington, D.C. People are judging us based on results."
The number of flu cases in Arizona has undergone a huge spike this flu season. The Arizona Department of Health Services shows that there have been 1,143 cases so far this year. At the same time last year, there were 157. The average for this time of the year? 142 cases.
What's most unbelievable about that number is not only the amount, but how early it is, as the number of new cases usually peaks in February.
"Flu is really difficult to predict," says Jessica Rigler, the bureau chief for public health preparedness for the Arizona Department of Health Services."It behaves differently every single time."
Rigler believes that it may just be that people are getting the flu earlier, and that the yearly total may end up being similar to previous years.
Rigler also has a theory as to why the virus is showing up so early this year.
"The majority of our cases are influenza A, the H3 type, which is the same as what we saw last flu season," they said. They then explained how there were even 100 or more cases a week into June and July,"so it's possible that we never really saw a complete end to last year's flu season and we're just picking up where we left off."
Rigler says that the best ways to protect yourself in this crazy flu season is to get flu shots and wash your hands.
B ehind every triumph and heartbreak in the NCAA tournament, there's a story. The Players' Tribune presents Tales of Madness, a series of first-person accounts from iconic basketball players recalling their most memorable tournament experiences. In this installment, Draymond Green remembers Michigan State's road to the Final Four in their first-year student season. ​​
When you're the No. 2 seed in the NCAA Tournament, you don't get many shots at being the underdog. The bracket just isn't built that way. So when you get the chance to face a No. 1 seed, you need to use the critics as motivation and take advantage of that opportunity.
Because the only thing better than being No. 1 is beating No. 1.
As a first-year student at Michigan State in 2009, I didn't play much right away. But by the time we reached the postseason, I was playing around 15 minutes a game. In the NCAA tournament, I really hit my stride. That's when I got the confidence that I could play at the collegiate level.
I averaged more minutes in that tournament than I had all season, and I took advantage. I averaged 8.5 points and 5.3 blocks in 18 minutes per, but the two games that stand out the most are the Elite Eight and Final Four matchups against Louisville and Connecticut — both No. 1 seeds.
Going into the Louisville game, nobody really gave us a chance, but we knew better. So did Coach Tom Izzo.
I remember the walkthrough the morning of that game. We walked into the banquet room and everything was normal — it was a standard walkthrough. Out of nowhere, Coach Izzo called out to the team, “Bring it in.”
They said they could see it in our focus. They could see it in our eyes. The room was completely silent and they said, “This game is already won. Let's go.”
Louisville averaged almost 75 points per game, and they were most well-known for their fast-break speed and full-court press on defense. A lot of people said they would run us out of the gym because they were just faster and more athletic, and we wouldn't be able to keep up.
But we turned the tables on them.
Louisville came out in their trademark press, but we passed the ball and ran the court well enough to get the ball to midcourt quickly. We just kept pushing the ball and getting buckets. When we took the halftime lead and then came out hot in the second half, they switched to a zone, and we ate that up, too.
Finally, once we built a double-digit lead, they got desperate and went man-to-man, but it was too late. We ran them out of the gym.
Down went No. 1.
My assignment that game was to guard Earl Clark, and anyone who remembers them knows that they were a beast at Louisville. It was no secret that they were leaving early for the NBA, so there I was, a first-year student, thinking, I'm pretty much playing against an NBA player. And judging by some of the moves they made while I was guarding him, I could see why they were going pro.
That's when I first realized that I had a chance to be really good. I played a season-high 24 minutes in that game, and playing in those big-time March Madness moments against NBA-caliber players, and having success, builds your confidence like nothing else.
I knew after that game that not only could I play at the collegiate level, I could thrive.
Next, we faced another No. 1 in the Final Four in UConn. It was the same story as the Louisville game: People said they were too fast and too athletic. We wouldn't be able to keep up. They'd run us out of the gym. For the second straight game, we were the underdog.
The best part about that game didn't come from the game itself — it came from the crowd.
The Final Four was at Ford Field in Detroit that year, just a little over an hour down the road from the Michigan State campus. After boarding the buses, we drove through downtown Lansing, and there were people lined up all through the city. It was as huge green-and-white sendoff. We had police cars drive us all the way from Lansing to Detroit, and at 19 years old, I thought that was the coolest thing in the world.
When we got to Detroit, the day before the game, we had a pep rally at Somerset Mall. The whole place was filled with green and white. I've never seen anything like it in my life.
That was the moment when it registered: Wow. We're really in the Final Four. I'm really in the Final Four.
That atmosphere carried over to the game. It was more electric than any home game we had all season. If there's one play that illustrated how crazy it was, it's when Durrell Summers dunked over Stanley Robinson.
It was the second half, and we were just starting to pull away when Durrell got the ball on the break and took it straight to the basket. Stanley contended, but Durrell threw it down, and the crowd exploded. The whole stadium — and Ford Field is huge — was shaking. You can actually see it on the TV broadcast.
I've never been in a building that loud.
Even though we led by as many as 11 late, UConn hung around. But in the end, we fed off that crowd and we were too much for the Huskies.
Down went No. 1. Again.
I wish I could tell you we made it a trifecta of No. 1 upsets when we faced North Carolina in the national championship. I wish I could tell you we made it close. But UNC had a great team and it was never really a game.
That was the closest I would get to winning a national title. We went back to the Final Four the following year, and my junior season, we barely snuck into the tourney only to get bounced in the first round.
My senior year, we made it back to the Sweet 16, where we played Louisville. We had a stud first-year student, Branden Dawson, but they tore their ACL in the last game of the regular season. Against Louisville, we really needed a guy like Branden. If they didn't get hurt, I have no doubt we would have won the national championship, but that's not how the story goes. We lost, and my college career was over.
Every great player has that moment when they realize, I can play at this level. The game comes more naturally, and you can play loose and play with confidence. It's that moment when you know you belong. It's an incredible feeling.
My moment — when I realized the pressure was never too great and I could keep up with the best in the game — came in that Elite Eight wins over Louisville. Everything I've done since comes from the confidence I built during that run. We may have lost in the end, but that's when I knew I had it in me to be great.
That's a moment no player ever forgets.
For more Tales of Madness, visit our Tales of Madness page.
If You Pretend You Are A Statue Do Not Be Surprised When You Erode
Oblig coach obit. Don't get on my case, man.
I mean, they gave Penn State a free shot at the endzone by taking a timeout with three seconds left in the first half.
What do you do with that? How do you put that into your ongoing calculations? Add that datum to the rickety mess that is your ever-shifting, often-hypocritical, prone-to-explode model of your favorite thing in the world, and what happens? I don't know. The brain elects not to travel down that path. The future ceases to exist, replaced by only the ever more nonsensical present. All series diverge. Projection is impossible.
Let's jam that thing in anyway.
Not an improvement, but not any worse either. At that point such a thing was almost expected, after the previous year's offensive line roulette and 27 for 27 and two minute drills that usually took five minutes. Time for some maniacal giggling, then.
On the bright side, even three-and-a-half years deep into a coaching tenure that resembled nothing so much as Wile E. Coyote sauntering off a cliff Brady Hoke still had ways to surprise you.
via Seth
-------------------------------------------------
Brady Hoke should never have been Michigan's football coach. This was apparent from the start, as at the time of their hire they had two assets: the fool's gold of an undefeated MAC regular season and a reasonable, if truncated, turnaround job at San Diego State. Aside from that they had five seasons of average MAC ball and zero years as a coordinator. Even the breakout year at Ball State ended with consecutive blowout losses to Buffalo and Tulsa.
When you stake your program to a resume like that you're as likely as not to come out the other end with Tim Beckman or Tim Brewster or Darrell Hazell. A infinite number of nondescript gentlemen have had the ball bounce the right way during the furball that is a season in the Mid-American. Some of them populate the lower rungs of the Big Ten when Purdue can't think of anything better.
And then there's Bo.
Bo was on another level, having gone 27-8-1 in league play in six years with Miami. Even they were widely derided. Here is that picture again.
In the center is a man who has made a Decision. It's no exaggeration to say that Michigan's best and… most recent athletic directors staked their careers on whether they could separate coaching talent from noise.
All these years later, you get why Canham rolled the dice on Bo. Bo was a legendary hardass who took nothing from anyone and comfortably existed atop the roiling mass of chaos that is any football program, successful or not. They chewed out players on the sidelines, sent them back in the game, and cracked impish smiles at the reaming he'd just handed to the young man. They have a gravitas that stays with the program—veritably looms—a decade after their death. Bo had the proverbial It, and you can understand how they communicated that to Canham in whatever passed for a job interview between them.
That understanding will permanently elude historians attempting to discern what comparable force of personality Brady Hoke brought to a press conference in the Junge Center in January 2011.
-----------------------------------
There was a moment, though. Now it's hard to remember that Brady Hoke had two years in which it seemed they were indeed gold that does not glitter. Hoke gruffly intoned "This Is Michigan, fergodsakes" in response to a question nobody remembers. They wore short sleeves in weather ranging from torrid to frozen. Their matter-of-fact declarations and tough toughness were their tentpoles. We hung a great edifice of hope on it; Hoke going to and winning a BCS game in year one provided buttresses and filigree and whatnot to the structure.
At a few years remove it's clear that Hoke stumbled ass-backwards into that success. Few 11-2 seasons have been jankier than Michigan's 2011. The Notre Dame game that kicked things off was a deranged exercise in winning against double coverage; Michigan threw 41 times for 2.8 YPA against Michigan State; they had 166 yards of offense before chuck-and-pray time against Iowa; they were one overthrown Braxton Miller pass away from losing to a .500 OSU team; they won that bowl game with 184 yards of total offense.
The signs were all there, even in the moment ("lucky as hell," quoth this space in the aftermath of the Denard After Dentist game). I alternated between excitement at the idea of a head coach who had an innate aggressiveness on fourth down and wondering why the hell they thought Denard Robinson could be Tom Brady.
But the games were won, and the recruits rolled in. Hoke seemed to stroll through a garden of four-stars gathering what they would. For a year or two, everything seemed just fine. In 2013, Michigan beat Notre Dame rather easily. Michigan fans were walking on air. Then someone looked down.
----------------------------
Rarely in the history of college football has a fanbase been jerked so rudely to attention as already beleaguered Michigan fans were in 2013. The relatively straight line that was the Hoke era turned into a harrowing plunge straight into the bowels of second-and-eleven-play-action hell. Save for an inexplicable Ohio State game, Michigan became the most brutally unwatchable team in the country the instant they left the field against Notre Dame.
Hoke was the same person through the good bits and the bad. They were gruffly nonsensical to start and gruffly nonsensical to end. As success turned to failure, the things we liked about them became the things we hated about him. Remember when this was hilarious?
via Ace
That joke isn't funny anymore.
Despite the fact that people will still swear up and down that Brady Hoke is a great dude, I have less charity in my heart for them than I did Rich Rodriguez when it came to write their obit. A slice from that piece:
Coaches aren't humans. They are walking soundbites wrapped in great swirling cloaks of mythology. Rap on one of their chests. You will get a hollow clang and a statement about senior leadership. Kick sand in one of their faces. You will get a lecture from Peter the Great. Peter the Great will be confused and incensed that they cannot sentence you to hang. Tell one their aunt has been dismembered by bikers on PCP and you will get a statement about senior leadership. Seniors don't do PCP and rip aunts limb from limb, because they have leadership. Rodriguez was human. They were just this guy. They aren't supernatural or metallic. If you rapped their chest they would probably get a little weepy. They did not seem like a great leader of men, or a colossus astride anything, or even a dude fully in control of their shit.
Hoke was that coachbot even in impossible circumstances. By the end so many indignities had piled up that I was waiting for them to snap.
It never came. They endured the brutally painful press conference following last year's Minnesota game as a coachbot. They released a statement apologizing to Michigan State for Joe Bolden putting a small piece of metal in their field. At no point did they bite the head off a reporter, or say that their boss had sold them down the river, or do anything at all other than repeat the same goddamn things he'd been repeating for two straight years.
I liked Rodriguez because they seemed like a person who reacted to stimuli. They reacted too much, but at least you could see that they were processing information and coming to conclusions about what it meant.
Hoke did not do this. Whether Hoke was stoic or insensate is in the eye of the beholder; given the chaos around the program my vote is the latter. They seemed to shut down in terror when their dream job turned to a nightmare.
As the competence of their team deteriorated, Hoke shuffled their coaching staff nonsensically instead of making real changes. They stuck with their terrible punt formation and a style of offense unsuited for their quarterbacks. Even after it was clear their disastrous program could not be allowed to continue—the financial ruin it would cause must have been apparent to even Michigan's most recent athletic director—nothing changed. If Hoke thought they had a chance, well, they also called timeout to give Penn State a free Hail Mary.
At least Nero fiddled. Brady Hoke stood there in the rain without so much as shaking a fist at the heavens.
