You can build an extensive library on the books detailing the long and sordid history of racial discrimination in the United States. You can find volumes of books on the attempts by activist liberals to convince the country to live up to its promise of equality for all.
Conservatives have a strong presence in both collections -- as perpetrators of racial discrimination in one and obstructionists of racial equality in the other.
This historical narrative shows no signs of changing, given the reactions of the far right to recent events, including restricting voter registration, blocking immigration reform, and the grand jury decisions in Staten Island, N.Y., and in Ferguson, Missouri.
N.Y. member of congress Peter King said race did not contribute to the death of Eric Garner, a black man, who died after being put in a chokehold by a white police officer while being arrested in Staten Island. King also said race did not affect the grand jury's decision not to indict the officer.
Fox News commentator Ben Stein said that racism didn't play a part in the death of Michael Brown this summer in Ferguson. Stein says there is no racism among white people. They say that racism is a black thing.
History, too, must be a black thing. It was a black thing when black men were lynched a century ago, or nowadays when a white police officer shoots an unarmed black man, or in the recent case in Cleveland, an unarmed 12-year-old boy.
It also is a black thing when blacks are racially profiled; considered guilty until proven otherwise; sentenced to jail with dubious evidence; or denied jobs or admission to predominantly white schools -- unless they are talented athletes.
We hear ad nauseam from conservative commentators, including Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Jonah Goldberg, Charles Krauthammer, and Ann Coulter, that racism doesn't exist anymore or, if it does, that liberals perpetuate it for political purposes..
If you think racism doesn't exist anymore, ask someone who regularly faces racial discrimination.
History praises those who saw racism and tried to end it rather that those who either perpetuated racism or denied its existence. We admire Abraham Lincoln, not Nathan Bedford Forrest; Rosa Parks, not George Wallace; Martin Luther King Jr., not "Bull" Connor; and John Lewis, not Jesse Helms.
Why are there so few conservatives in the past who saw racism and tried to end it? Perhaps more importantly, why are there so few conservatives in the present who see racism?
지난 여름에 대박난 더페이스샵 디즈니 쿠션 !
이번에 피글렛, 설리, 도날드 덕
세 명의 새로운 캐릭터들과 함께
더페이스샵 디즈니 콜라보 쿠션 시즌2를 선보였답니다 :)
소비자가 선정한 만나고 싶은
디즈니 캐릭터들을 담은 만큼 더 기대되는 제품인데요 !
​
밋밋하게 일러스트 프린팅을 넣은 게 아니라
올록볼록 입체감까지 더해져서 퀄리티 대박 bb
더페이스샵 이번에도 열일하네요 *.*
굳이 디즈니 캐릭터 팬이 아니더라도 이건 소장각 ♥
​
지난번과 마찬가지로
​CC 쿨링 쿠션, CC 롱래스팅 쿠션, BB 파워 퍼펙션 쿠션
이렇게 세 가지 종류로 선보여졌어요.
피부 재생, 영양, 항염 등의 다양한 기능이 들어가 있어
피부를 촉촉하고 건강하게 케어해준답니다 :)
​
​
​
일단 발랐을 때 각자 피부 표현을 다르게 보여주고,
같은 V201 애프리콧 베이지 컬러인데
색상 느낌도 조금씩 다르더라구요.
하나하나 좀 더 자세히 리뷰해볼게요 :)
​
​
더페이스샵 CC 쿨링 쿠션
시즌1 CC 쿨링 쿠션은 푸 캐릭터였는데
이번에는 푸 친구인 피글렛이네요 :)
수분크림 성분이 60% 함유된 쿠션으로 화사한 톤업과 함께
피부에 청량감을 주고 은은한 수분광을 더해준답니다 !
​
​
퍼프 역시 케이스 컬러와 같은 핑크빛으로
피글렛 일러스트가 아기자기하게 들어가 있어요 *.*
​
더페이스샵 CC 쿨링 쿠션은 3가지 컬러로 선보여졌고
제가 바른 컬러는 옐로우 베이스에 중간톤 21호 정도 되는
V201 애프리콧 베이지예요.
오늘 리뷰하는 더페이스샵 디즈니 쿠션
셋 중에서는 컬러가 가장 차분한 편인 것 같아요.
​
퍼프로 몇 번 두드려 보니
바로 촉촉하면서 산뜻한 수분감이 와닿더라구요 !
은근 시원한 쿨링감이 느껴져서
예민하고 붉어진 피부를 진정시켜 주는 느낌이었어요.
얇게 발리는 느낌이라 커버력은 낮은 편이고
자연스럽고 투명한 피부 표현을 해 주는 쿠션이였어요.
더페이스샵 CC 롱래스팅 쿠션
프라이머 성분이 15% 들어 있어 메이크업을 오래 유지해주고
들뜸 없이 발리면서 모공 없는 매끈광 피부로 만들어주는
고밀착 모공 커버 쿠션이에요.
더페이스샵 디즈니 쿠션 시즌 1때는 마이크였는데
이번에는 설리 디자인을 입었어요 :)
​
퍼프 역시 케이스와 같은
아이시한 느낌의 컬러가 잘 어울리더라구요 !
더페이스샵 CC 롱래스팅 쿠션은 3가지 컬러로 선보여졌고
리뷰 속 컬러는 옐로우 베이스에 21호 정도 되는
V201 애프리콧 베이지예요.
앞서 보여드린 CC 쿨링 쿠션보다
아주 약간 더 밝은 것 같더라구요 !
​
처음에는 촉촉하게 발리다가
펴 바를수록 피부에 착착 밀착되면서
점차 보송보송해지는 느낌이에요 !
보송보송하니 세미매트하면서도 속은 촉촉한 느낌 ?
너무 건조하지 않아서 지성이나 복합성이 쓰기 좋은 것 같아요.
커버력은 높지 않지만 피부결을 매끈하게 정돈해주고
셋 중에 지속력이 가장 좋아요 !
​
​
​
​
​더페이스샵 BB 파워 퍼펙션 쿠션
더페이스샵 베스트셀러 파워 퍼펙션 비비크림을
쿠션 안에 담아내 선보인 제품이에요.
파워 퍼펙션 비비의 재생, 탄력, 보습, 커버를 모두 담아
개인적으로 셋 중에서 가장 마음에 드는 쿠션이었어요 *.*
​
시즌 1에서는 미키였는데 이번에는 도날드덕 !
​
케이스와 잘 어울리는 블루 컬러의 스트라이프 퍼프가 예뻐요 :)
​
같은 V201 애프리콧 베이지 컬러이지만
먼저 보여드린 두 쿠션과는 색상이 조금 달라요.
다른 두 개는 파운데이션스러운 옐로우 베이스였다면
BB 파워 퍼펙션 쿠션은
비비크림 특유의 회색빛이 약간 있어요 !
제 피부에는 요게 가장 자연스러워 보이더라구요.
​
더페이스샵 디즈니 쿠션 시즌2 셋 중
가장 촉촉하니 수분감이 많은 텍스처에,
탱글탱글한 윤광 피부 표현이 나와서
매끄러운 동안 피부를 만들어준답니다 :)
수분감, 커버력, 광채가 상당해서
건성 타입 분들께 가장 잘 맞을 것 같아요 !
​
​
​
​
기초 스킨케어 탄탄하게 하고
비비 파워 퍼펙션 쿠션을 팡팡 발라주면
겨울에도 촉촉하고 탱탱해보이는 피부로 변신할 수 있어요 ♩
​
이렇게 해서 더페이스샵 디즈니쿠션 시즌2
피글렛, 설리, 도날드덕 쿠션을 보여드렸는데요 :)
일단 디자인만으로도 사야할 것 같고 ㅋㅋ
특히 도날드덕 쿠션이 마음에 드네요 ♥♥♥
I was bored one night and I was obsessing over the harmonies in this song, so I decided to transcribe the whole damn thing (minus some of the intro that I found elsewhere). This is an exact transcription of the original song except for a few of the bass' parts that I added in or modified to fit more traditional choral voicing/make it sound better.
If you'd like to use any of my scores for performance, please let me know and give me credit. (Also, let me know how it went!)
Update: I decided to add in a piano reduction of the background music to make it better to listen to and follow along with.
Pages 14 Duration 03:06 Measures 117 Key signature 5 flats Parts 5 Part names Strings(4) Privacy Everyone can see this score License None (All rights reserved)
Go Where Raisins Swell Into Grapes, And Lemons Light The Sky
There's a book by the novelist China Mieville that describes two cities plopped one on top of the other. One is large-scale, the other smaller-scale, and while they live in entangled proximity, both cities have the same rule. Each says to its citizens, pay no attention — on pain of punishment — to what the "others" around you are doing. See your own kind. "Unsee" the others.
In the novel, most people comply. They may be in the same place at the same time, but learn to not notice. A few, of course, break the rules and watch — even talk to one another — but they are cursed with restless, wandering eyes.
When I was seven, I had those eyes. I was keenly aware of a world superimposed on mine. It was littler than mine. But I knew it was there. I could imagine it at will. In my version, I could see my little people. But my little people rarely saw me.
I'd be in my bedroom with a toy speedboat. I'd add passengers – small railroad figures (also from the toy store), the ones sold by model railroad companies. I'd place my little people on the boat, or into the "water" (made of crinkly cellophane sprayed with Gillette "foaming" shaving cream to make tumbling waves, which hid tentacles of giant squid — my dad's pipe cleaners — looking scarily for something to squeeze to death). And I'd watch beautiful ladies with luggage spilling into the sea, getting oh-so-close to disaster ... unless I decided to rescue them, which, sometimes, with my giant hands, I did.
I spent hours and hours with my little people. That was my world.
Pierre Javelle and Akiko Ida live in this same world. But they are much, much better at it than I was. That's because they're adults living in Paris, and they've got wonderfully ridiculous imaginations, so, for example, they too will go to sea and imagine a brave sea captain staring out at the restless water:
But in their version, the sea monster is scarier, meatier, with olive eyeballs:
Courtesy of Pierre Javelle & Akiko Ida/http://www.minimiam.com/
Pierre and Akiko have another advantage. They're commercial food photographers, so they think about food constantly, which makes their food fantasies much more dangerous. Peppers in their world aren't just hot. They're fiery hot...
... and need to douse:
Pomegranates can blow up at any moment ...
... maybe because the French word for "pomegranate" sounds so much like the English word "grenade."
Things in their world are different. We all grew up believing that grapes dry in the sun to become raisins. That's wrong, apparently. When we're not looking ...
... exactly the opposite happens:
The Moon, it turns out, is not made of cheese. It's made of cinnamon (or maybe cocoa):
Winters, in this little world, are much like ours, only better:
Construction workers, on the other hand, still have to get by with short lunch breaks in high places:
But happily, superheroes, even with their extraordinary talent for jumping, soaring and climbing ...
... in this world have taken time out to think hard about electromagnetism and its possible implications for urban lighting, and have developed ... yes, the lemon-powered lamp. Thank you, Batman. We've been waiting for the LemonLamp for a long, long time.
And thanks to Akiko and Pierre — who've been making these images since 2002. They now have scores and scores of them, on display here at a site they call Minimiam. They've also got a video, which takes you on a train ride through their various creations, themed "milky" and featuring a city of milk bottles, cows, and whiteness. They will be at the International Agriculture Show in Paris next month, if you are reading this (lucky you) in Paris.
Rep. Tom Cole (R-OK) is not looking kindly at the current challenges to House Speaker John Boehner's leadership post.
“I don't think they are very serious and frankly they are disappointing” Cole, a Boehner ally, told MSNBC's “Morning Joe” panel of those challenging Boehner.
According to Cole, those who are looking to take on Boehner, could have done so during the conference elections — which resulted in a Boehenr victory.
“Any of these people that wanted to run, could have run the conference elections and none of them did, so by going out and not voting for the conference choice, you're not attacking John Boehner, you're really attacking the Republican conference that you say you're part of,” Cole said.
To date, Reps. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) and Ted Yoho (R-FL) have offered their names as possible alternatives to Boehner's Speakership and others have already announced they will not be voting for Boehner as Speaker.
“I find it frankly unprofessional and pretty disappointing,” Cole added.
Those who have already announced their opposition to Boehner include, Reps. David Brat (R-VA), Steve King (R-IA), Paul Gosar (R-AZ), Jim Bridenstine (R-OK), Marlin Stutzman (R-IN), Walter Jones (R-NC) and Thomas Massie (R-KY).
Early Monday morning, Rep. Bridenstine said they expected more Republicans to announce no votes for Boehner.
“If this vote fit the Progressive agenda, the media would be calling us a “Gang of Nine.” Monday, we will be in double digits. The Congress is hearing the people,” they said.
Follow Caroline May on Twitter @c_maydc
The Minnesota State Fair generates something north of 84 tons of waste every day over its 12-day run that ends Monday.
Mitch Hedlund, a veteran business marketer who is a several years ago started RecycleAcrossAmerica.org, and other business and environmental players have tried to turn the fair into more of a reduce-reuse-recycle expo.
Hedlund, whose five-person outfit creates and distributes hundreds of thousands of uniform recycling labels annually to business, schools and government agencies, had a hand in the fair getting 260 more recycling bins this year, funded largely by the Minnesota Beverage Association and the American Beverage Foundation for a Healthy America. That's on top of 535 fair recycling bins that are loaned for other big events.
Confused or lazy consumers dump food and other stuff into recycling containers for aluminum, glass, paper or plastic that's feedstock for industrial and next-generation products. Or they jam recyclables into the garbage can.
Either way, it contaminates recyclables, which must be discarded when they get to a processing facility. And it drives up recycling costs when that material must be dumped instead of sold to industrial users.
“People make mistakes because industry has made it difficult to recycle [with varying signage],” said Hedlund. They note that the United States' two largest recycling concerns, Waste Management and Republic Services, are also garbage-and-landfill outfits with a long-questioned commitment to recycling. “They own landfills. That's the equivalent of somebody owning the hospital who gets more financial benefit from the morgue.”
The State Fair increased the number of recycling containers this year, partly because past analysis of the contents of garbage cans not near recycling bins found they were 80 percent full of stuff that could be recycled. That number drops to 10 percent or so when recycling bins are nearby.
Recycling properly is good for the environment and the economy.
Waste reduction and recycling provides industrial feedstock for next-generation products, cuts energy consumption and pollution, and increases efficiency. We're getting better at this, despite the two-year downward swoon in commodity prices that has hurt industrial buyers/processors of recyclables.
Late in 2015, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) reported that the per capita production of garbage declined even as the economy has expanded in the years since the Great Recession of 2008-09. In 2005, before the downturn, Minnesotans generated 34.2 tons of waste for every million dollars spent. In 2013, that dropped to 29.6 tons.
In fact, Minnesotans are sending about a third less recyclable material to landfills than they were a decade ago, according to MPCA data analyzed by the Star Tribune last spring. The only growth category was plastic bags.
Recycling companies and those that use recycled content provided $3.4 billion in wages, 60,215 jobs, and $26 billion in sales last year.
Goodwill Industries accepts and sells used clothing to fund counseling and job-training programs. Companies make furniture from plastic jugs; boxes, insulation, tissue and paper products from used newsprint and office paper; equipment from recycled steel and aluminum; the list goes on.
And organic waste increasingly becomes rich compost, or fertilizer for farmers and gardeners who then no longer need chemical fertilizers.
The fair's Eco Experience is a partnership between the State Fair, the MPCA and 150-plus outfits that demonstrates how conservation, green energy, recycling, community gardening and refurbish-and-reuse are wealth-and-health drivers. And don't worry about the 3,000 tons of animal waste generated at the fair. It's trucked to farms to fertilize fields.
Neal St. Anthony has been a Star Tribune business columnist and reporter since 1984. They can be contacted at nstanthony@startribune.com.
While you've probably heard tales, seen pictures, or had a college run-in with a fairly large bong, maybe six feet tall or more, physical constraints seem to keep them from growing much further. When you venture into double digits in height, it is totally unheralded, new territory.
Previously on Marijuana.com, we featured Stephan Peirce's Glass Grill. Well, they and the crew at GravLabs in Austin, Texas are back at it, this time they are the glassblowers behind the world's largest glass bong.
We first spied the beginnings of this ferociously ambitious project developing on the Reddit subreddit r/glassheads through this photo — a tree perc that dwarfed the soccer ball next to it for scale. We wanted to see what was brewing. As it turns out, the guys in Texas were hard at work building the world's largest borosilicate glass bong. After they'd succeeded in pulling off the behemoth, Marijuana.com caught up with Stephan for an interview about the giant water pipe:
Was there any certain inspiration behind building a giant bong, and what was the true measurement from top to bottom?
I am always trying to push my limits, as well as the limits of what is possible with glass, and this was another idea that was too awesome not to try. A lot of details of this project will be revealed in the upcoming months.
The final height was 12′ 2″.
What parts of the process, design or the sheer size of it, made this project challenging? Any mishaps along the way?
This piece was a challenge all along the way. There were many late nights at the shop, cooking myself in front of a giant flame, and I received several second degree burns through multiple layers of Kevlar. The first completed bong broke in the cleaning process, which was quite devastating. We also lost several giant tree percs during construction. To create the tree percs, I had to first design and construct jigs, which was a long process in itself.
There was also a very strict time constraint to get this piece finished and shipped in time for the Denver Champs Tradeshow. After losing the first bong, there were only ten days to order and receive the material from Austria, create the giant piece, build a crate, ship it and get it to the show on time.
Has it ever been hit, will it ever be hit? Can the bong be cleared by one single human?
Although this piece is functional at its core, it could never be cleared by one human. One might, however, use an air pump to create an auto-hitting bong to use as a fog machine and smog out a room.
How did the rest of your shop mates help out with building the world's largest bong?
At GravLabs, there are 20 glassblowers that I manage, and all of them helped in some way. During the week, I help them problem-solve issues and refine techniques and processes. It was great to have a project of this size and magnitude where everyone could come together and help. My buddy Zach Settles was a huge help in the creation of this piece. It would be a nearly impossible feat for just one reason. One guy took a lot of pictures, another helped with set up and cleanup. All in all, a lot of people played a lot of different roles throughout the whole process.
Was it hard finding space large enough to construct a bong this big?
Fortunately, I have a behemoth of a lathe. Even so, the mouthpiece and foot were sticking out of both ends. The harder part was finding a forever home for the piece, as most ceilings do not accommodate its twelve foot height.
How many pounds of borosilicate glass were used in construction?
60 pounds.
Any future plans for more large-sized versions of other smoking apparatuses?
Yes, I have a few ideas, but you'll have to stay tuned to @spgatx on Instagram or follow us on Facebook for the updates!
And a few finals words:
I would like to send out a huge Thank You to everyone who helped make the world's largest bong. Dave Daily: thank you for making it possible! Cheers to GravLabs for being great employers. Thanks to Bill and Schooch's Excellent Supply Shop (SABA) for supplying the material. Thank you to my beautiful wife for your patience in letting me work so many late nights, with little to no repercussions, and to my daughter for giving me a reason to be a good role model. And a big Hell Yeah! to SPG fans and everyone who has supported me all these years!
This piece was shipped from the shop at GravLabs in Austin, Texas to the Champs Tradeshow in Denver and then bought by a shop in New Orleans. There's more to the story that I can't reveal at this time, but you should look forward to hearing more about this piece in the near future!
There will be more to come on the world's largest borosilicate bong, so be sure to check back to Marijuana.com!
PeriSoleil justletmepostdamn Mar 18th, 2016 ( edited ) 10,709 Never 10,709Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.84 KB Soleil: Haah... Peri: Soleil, why are you sighing so much? Soleil: Ah, hey, Mom. Actually, I was just trying to flirt with a cute girl over at that stand. But just as I was about to seal the deal, those bandits came and ruined it all. Ohh, what a shame... Peri: Oh no...Soleil, that's terrible... Soleil: Grr...it's all those bandits' fault. They're so annoying! Man, when I get my hands on them...! And if not them, anyone else would be fine, too! Peri: Y-you can't, Soleil! Soleil: Huh...? Peri: You can't...you shouldn't hurt anyone other than the bad people. Think about the families of those people...someone's going to be so sad if they die. Soleil: M-Mom? Alright, I get it. I just wanted to say it because I was angry... Peri: No. Take this more seriously...I don't want you to grow up to be like me. Soleil: Mom...? Peri: Ohh...I'm sorry. You really did turn out kinda like me. But unlike me, you have an adult around to get mad at you. Someone to tell you, "No, that's wrong!" So from now on, I want you to try to hold back those violent feelings. Soleil: Yeah...okay. But then, what am I supposed to do? When I get so angry, it feels like it's the only way... Peri: Just take deep breaths. Think about fields of flowers. Then you'll be nice and calm. Soleil: Hmm...deep breaths. Huff...haaah...huff...haaah... ... Thank you! I feel better already! Peri: Great! I'm still not very good at it, but...I'm doing my best not to kill thoughtlessly. Ever since Laslow tought me how to calm down, I've been holding back as much as I can. Soleil: Hey, I'm sorry, Mom. I got way too worked up, but I'm alright now. I won't do anything else to worry you again. Peri: Okay! You're such a good girl, Soleil. As a reward, once we get home, I'll make you my delicious home cooking! After you get some good food in you, all your anger will be gone! Soleil: Yesss! I love your cooking! But I don't want to make you work so much, so I'll lend a hand. It'd be horrible if your lovely, delicate fingers got hurt. Peri: Come on, Soleil. Quit trying to make a fool out of me! Soleil: Oh? Ahaha, even you can talk like an adult sometimes! Peri: Was it weird? Soleil: Nope, it was adorable! Peri: Okay...but it's a little embarrassing. Like I'm not being me. Soleil: Now, now, there's no reason to be ashamed. I'd love you no matter how you spoke! Like you usually do, or how you were just now...the way you're kind of childish but cute, and the way you're strong yet kind, and an amazing cook...I love every single bit of it! Peri: Soleil... Soleil: Don't ever leave me again. My beloved mother...stay with me, forever and ever. Peri: Of course I will. Y'know, I'm really strong -- so I'm not just gonna get squashed like a tomato.* So forever, and ever...I'll be by your side. I promise. *[Yes. 潰れたトマト] Soleil: Thanks, Mom!
RAW Paste Data
Soleil: Haah... Peri: Soleil, why are you sighing so much? Soleil: Ah, hey, Mom. Actually, I was just trying to flirt with a cute girl over at that stand. But just as I was about to seal the deal, those bandits came and ruined it all. Ohh, what a shame... Peri: Oh no...Soleil, that's terrible... Soleil: Grr...it's all those bandits' fault. They're so annoying! Man, when I get my hands on them...! And if not them, anyone else would be fine, too! Peri: Y-you can't, Soleil! Soleil: Huh...? Peri: You can't...you shouldn't hurt anyone other than the bad people. Think about the families of those people...someone's going to be so sad if they die. Soleil: M-Mom? Alright, I get it. I just wanted to say it because I was angry... Peri: No. Take this more seriously...I don't want you to grow up to be like me. Soleil: Mom...? Peri: Ohh...I'm sorry. You really did turn out kinda like me. But unlike me, you have an adult around to get mad at you. Someone to tell you, "No, that's wrong!" So from now on, I want you to try to hold back those violent feelings. Soleil: Yeah...okay. But then, what am I supposed to do? When I get so angry, it feels like it's the only way... Peri: Just take deep breaths. Think about fields of flowers. Then you'll be nice and calm. Soleil: Hmm...deep breaths. Huff...haaah...huff...haaah... ... Thank you! I feel better already! Peri: Great! I'm still not very good at it, but...I'm doing my best not to kill thoughtlessly. Ever since Laslow tought me how to calm down, I've been holding back as much as I can. Soleil: Hey, I'm sorry, Mom. I got way too worked up, but I'm alright now. I won't do anything else to worry you again. Peri: Okay! You're such a good girl, Soleil. As a reward, once we get home, I'll make you my delicious home cooking! After you get some good food in you, all your anger will be gone! Soleil: Yesss! I love your cooking! But I don't want to make you work so much, so I'll lend a hand. It'd be horrible if your lovely, delicate fingers got hurt. Peri: Come on, Soleil. Quit trying to make a fool out of me! Soleil: Oh? Ahaha, even you can talk like an adult sometimes! Peri: Was it weird? Soleil: Nope, it was adorable! Peri: Okay...but it's a little embarrassing. Like I'm not being me. Soleil: Now, now, there's no reason to be ashamed. I'd love you no matter how you spoke! Like you usually do, or how you were just now...the way you're kind of childish but cute, and the way you're strong yet kind, and an amazing cook...I love every single bit of it! Peri: Soleil... Soleil: Don't ever leave me again. My beloved mother...stay with me, forever and ever. Peri: Of course I will. Y'know, I'm really strong -- so I'm not just gonna get squashed like a tomato.* So forever, and ever...I'll be by your side. I promise. *[Yes. 潰れたトマト] Soleil: Thanks, Mom!
OTTAWA — A group of powerful Chinese business leaders set off on an eight-day Canadian tour Sunday that will connect them with Canada's corporate and political elite, including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
This will be the first visit to Canada by the exclusive China Entrepreneur Club — often referred to as the billionaires club. It's made up of 50 top Chinese firms that earn a combined $585 billion of annual gross income.
The group's swing across Canada comes as the bilateral relationship steams ahead at an increasing rate, with help from a Trudeau government that has shown more openness to the Asian superpower.
The tour will take place only a few weeks after an exchange of high-level official visits — Trudeau's recent trip to China which was followed by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's stay in Canada.
During those meetings, Trudeau promoted their government's goal of broadening Canada's economic links with the Asian superpower. They made commitments that included the launch of exploratory talks on free trade with the world's second-biggest economy.
At the same time, Trudeau brought up Canada's concerns with Chinese leaders about their government's approach to human rights, rule of law, governance and corruption.
The China Entrepreneur Club is now hoping to deepen ties with Canada even further. Canada's relationship with its second-largest trading partner was considered inconsistent under the previous Conservative government.
Maggie Cheng, the club's secretary-general, said the visit comes at a time of growing opportunities for both countries.
“We have a large population and we are in a very long process of urbanization. And the consumer market is growing as well, and it will grow for a very long time,” Cheng said in a phone interview through an interpreter.
“I think the private companies in China have now grown into a (size) that can use a larger resource partner to further improve the Chinese market.”
China is increasingly interested in Canada's agriculture, energy and fisheries industries, they said.
Cheng also believes the recent visit by the youthful Trudeau caught the attention of China's younger generation, which they say is a large market with considerable buying power.
Canada's business community is set to roll out a red carpet for the visiting club members, according to a program of the visit prepared by the group.
During stops in Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto and Vancouver, the delegation will have audiences with a who's who of Canadian leaders, in addition to Trudeau.
The list includes chief executives of some of Canada's biggest banks as well as former prime minister Jean Chretien, Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard, Andre Desmarais of Power Corp.(TSX:POW), Alain Bellemare of Bombardier (TSX:BBD.B), Cirque du Soleil's Daniel Lamarre, Mark Machin of the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
In September, Trudeau kicked off their first official trip to China by appearing at a Beijing event hosted by the club. Jack Ma, founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba and the club's chair, led a question-and-answer session with Trudeau.
Ma will not join the Chinese delegation on its cross-Canada trip. But the tour will include a dozen club members, including president Ma Weihua, Tsinghua Holdings Co. chair Xu Jinghong, Far East Holding Group Co. chair Jiang Xipei and Central China Real Estate Ltd. chair Frank Wu.
Delegations from the club have already visited the United States, the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Singapore, Australia, Germany and Italy.
Sarah Kutulakos, executive director of the Canada China Business Council, hopes the visit will show Canadians who may have suspicions about Chinese companies that these entrepreneurs are similar to others around the world.
They said in an interview that there were strict criteria to join the club and firms had to meet a certain standard in several areas, including corporate social responsibility and philanthropy.
The visit will not only widen channels for business opportunities; it's also expected to provide learning experiences for both sides, Kutulakos said.
“They're really the vanguard of where the Chinese economy is going,” said Kutulakos.
But one expert in Canada's ties to China said there are likely deep links between many of these entrepreneurs and the Chinese leadership.
“In China, it's really very difficult to achieve great wealth unless you have a strongly collaborative, mutually beneficial relationship with the Chinese Communist Party's decision makers,” said Charles Burton, a former diplomat who is now a political scientist at Brock University.
Burton said the club may try to create a subtle lobby within Canada that encourages Canadian business leaders to press their government to make economics the priority in the relationship, rather than concerns oversensitive issues like human rights and cybersecurity.
Michael Strong, a serial founder of charter schools, has written a concise blueprint to educate a child for less than $3,000 per year. It's worth your time. I found it through Isegoria's posts on the essay.
I managed to hit all three of their performance metrics in a conventional private school that cost much more than that, and I'm confident that their method is many multiples better than anything I've seen a contemporary private school teach.
The other key that parents should keep in mind is that plenty of private schools have a student body that's morally dissolute — and we should expect that dissolution to be much worse in the next generation. The high cost is also a major factor.
A year at a top high school for most middle class families who won't qualify for financial aid often exceeds $40,000 per year. That's more than enough to seed a business or just to maintain the family assets. It also means that your kid will be associated with a lot of high-achieving dope smokers, sluts, and irredeemable nerds whose parents can afford tuition.
What's key is in teaching superior skills in reading, writing, arithmetic, and some sort of practical art with real world value. The cost comes from hiring expert tutorial help, which should be within the range of anyone earning a lower middle class household income or better:
Twenty-five dollars an hour buys an excellent tutor (or academic coach) in most parts of the country. Many graduate students or retired people would be glad to teach a well-behaved, motivated young person for $25 per hour. Two days of mathematics coaching would thus be $50 per week; another two days of humanities (reading, writing, and conversation) coaching would be another $50 per week. At one hundred dollars per week one can buy thirty weeks per year of personalized academic coaching for $3,000. Whether it requires more or less than this to educate your child depends on their or their motivation, your own skill set and time, and your local talent pool. Your child might need more hours of contact time per week, you may be able to supplement tutors so that your child needs less contact time, you may find great people willing to tutor for less, etc. In an alternative model, the parents may provide 100% of the instruction until secondary school, at which point you could budget more than $6,000 per year for custom secondary instruction. By means of creating joint lessons with other home-schoolers with children interested in similar subjects, you could hire tutors for small “classes” of students and share the costs. Thus if there were four students engaged in a given set of lessons/tutoring sessions your $3,000 would stretch to four times as many contact hours. Indeed, in some cases these informal tutoring arrangements can result in the creation of a “private school.” The point is not whether or not it is a school – it is whether or not your child is getting first-class, personal attention from a talented and caring educator who knows and loves their academic subject. The more fundamental point is that by means of focusing on truly essential core behavioral characteristics, such as responsibility, motivation, politeness, etc., and on very high-level core academic skills, including serious reading, writing, and mathematics advancement, it is possible to provide a superb education for your child at home for very little cost.
To the extent that we still have the liberty to provide this sort of education to our children, we ought to use it as much as we can.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Email
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
The redevelopment possibilities are nearly endless for the downtown land that was the planned home of the Albany convention center. (Michael P. Farrell/ Times Union) The redevelopment possibilities are nearly endless for the downtown land that was the planned home of the Albany convention center. (Michael P. Farrell/ Times Union) Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Concrete wasteland that doesn't have to be 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Albany
So there's going to be a convention center built in Albany. Can you believe it?
We're told the project will break ground in June — a mere 20 years after the city's business leaders first began chirping about the need for the building. Now that, folks, is exactly the kind of quick and decisive action that has made Albany's reputation.
But the project raises a question: What happens to all that land where the convention center was originally set to go?
If you missed the news, a scaled-back version of the convention center now will be built along Eagle Street, near the Capitol. It WILL NOT be built on the seven acres methodically acquired by the Albany Convention Center Authority at the southeast corner of downtown, near the Greyhound station.
Let's call that area by its most appropriate name: The Parking Lot District. (All credit for the moniker goes to Rob Madeo of Albany Eye fame.)
Now, the Parking Lot District is a sad place, a concrete wasteland made all the more tragic because it was once a vital and dynamic part of the city. In fact, no part of Albany has a richer past.
I spoke with historian Tony Opalka, and they traced the neighborhood's start to the 1600s. You could write a book about the PLD's history — and yet it's almost all gone, victimized by neglect, urban renewal and just plain stupidity.
More Information Contact Chris Churchill at 518-454-5700 or email cchurchill@timesunion.com Contact Chris Churchill at 518-454-5700 or email cchurchill@timesunion.com
"If you look at photos from 1950, you just can't believe it's now just a giant parking lot," Opalka said. "It just disappeared a building or two at a time."
Convention center planning didn't do the PLD any favors, at least in the short-term. The authority purchased some of the area's remaining good buildings — such as the E-Comm Square complex — and emptied them of tenants. The already grim PLD became even more depressing.
Well, the past is just that. So let's focus on what comes next for the PLD.
Presumably, private developers will be invited to transform it with a mix of offices, apartments and stores. They'll be asked to make a real neighborhood and put it on the tax rolls. That would be wonderful, but the PLD, I think, also calls for something a little more creative and dynamic than the usual plans.
An aquarium? Eh, I don't see it working, especially away from the waterfront.
A casino? Fat chance. Kathy Sheehan seems frosty to the idea, and I would be shocked if anyone with pull wants gambling so close to the heart of state government.
But here's an idea that will really get your juices flowing: A bus-transit center.
OK, so it won't ignite the imagination of the masses, but the CDTA-backed idea makes sense. The transportation hub would reduce the need for all those parking lots, and it would rid the PLD of that hideous Greyhound station. It would make all downtown more functional.
Here's another idea: A market.
Consider that the PLD is near the site of the old Albany Public Market, wiped away by the South Mall Arterial. So why not set aside a permanent place for farmers and food? Actually, maybe a developer will propose a grocery store — perhaps in a building like the new Market Center in Saratoga Springs, which has apartments above a Price Chopper and a movie theater next door.
The possibilities for the PLD aren't quite limitless, but they're exciting if you care about Albany. How many cities get this sort of chance?
"There's big interest in the property," said Gavin Donohue, chairperson of the convention authority, adding that developers "think this is a real jewel of Albany and a real gem from an economic development standpoint."
But before you get too excited, know this: The authority's seven acres are being given to the state, which will lead the site's redevelopment.
That would be the very same state government that dramatically remade the Harriman State Office Building Campus, turning it into an urban playground filled with stores and apartments and ...
Oh wait. That's right. None of those things happened at Harriman — despite repeated promises. And that's reason to be skeptical about the future of the Parking Lot District.
Is the state capable of thoughtful urban planning? Will it do what's best for the city? Will it stick to a plan? Will officials make the process open and transparent, with input from Albany residents?
Uptown, at Harriman, the answer to each question was "no." Downtown, the city needs better.
cchurchill@timesunion.com • 518-454-5700 • @chris_churchill
Civilization is experiencing a great convergence. Automation, globalization, rising economic inequality, protectionism, wage stagnation, political volatility and a rise in populism are all contributing to a changing world in ways that few could have predicted. Millions of people will be forced into financial unsustainability. Political instability will proliferate as economic anxiety results. Debt growth will exceed income growth as wages remain stagnant and countless jobs are rendered obsolete. In the end, the cause of forming a “more perfect Union” as embedded in the Constitution of the United States of America will be undermined once more than our domestic tranquility is tested by the seismic change of an unfolding new world.
It doesn't have to be this way. We already know, according to a University of Oxford study, that 47 percent of American jobs are at risk of decimation because of automation. This includes factory workers, loan officers, receptionists and information clerks, paralegals and legal assistants, retail salespersons, taxi drivers and chauffeurs, fast food employees, truck drivers, security guards and more. Automation will supplant millions of jobs that have provided financial security to families and individuals alike. The notion of equal opportunity will be made nominal as inequality exacerbates at a time of deep national division.
Above all, the weakest and poorest of citizens will bear the brunt of of the economic and social tolls of new technologies while the wealthiest will continue their comfortable lifestyle free of the worries and concerns of the common man and woman. The Uber driver working a second job part-time who can no longer pay their tuition because of self-driving cars. The receptionist struggling to pay for their children's textbooks replaced by an AI system. The young cashier at the local fast-food restaurant saving money for college. The middle class, already hurt by globalization gone awry and wages that never change, will only face more pain as the next wave of creative destruction changes the entire economy yet again. The cost of inaction has become too great to pay.
The solution to tomorrow's predictable problems exists in an idea shared by great thinkers of the past and present including Thomas Paine, Friedrich Hayek, Milton Friedman, Martin Luther King Jr., Napoleon Bonaparte, Elon Musk, President Barack Obama and our own Duke University Professor Michael Munger: the Universal Basic Income (UBI). The UBI is a periodic entitlement payment funded through tax revenue that is not contingent on action or service by the recipient, other than obedience to the law. A UBI would substitute the status quo welfare state with a check and a signature at the bank. The UBI, an idea that generates support from both far-right libertarians and left-wing socialists, is a thoughtful policy option towards what will soon be one of our country's biggest problems.
Structurally, a UBI will reduce the size of government, improve our status quo welfare system and ensure that our redistributive policies reflect our values of freedom, equality and individualism. Welfare programs at the federal, state and local level cost nearly $1 trillion dollars of government spending in total. The UBI would reduce administrative costs by abolishing each of the 126 federal welfare programs. Each separate set of rules, regulations and inefficient bureaucracies within each welfare program will be eliminated. Professor Matt Zwolinski of the University of San Diego argues, “It would also be good from the perspective of welfare beneficiaries. Actually getting signed up for all the various welfare benefits to which one is entitled is tremendously costly in terms of time, effort and skill at bureaucratic navigation.” Not only will our welfare state reduce the amount of money needed to oversee the welfare state while still increasing its efficiency, but it will also ease the process of acquiring a UBI from those who need it the most.
Morally, a UBI is superior to today's welfare statism. The question isn't whether this is an ideal option that will fix everything, but whether it is a relatively better option than doing nothing and leaving what we have in place remain. With a UBI, we should expect a more efficient bureaucracy, a reduction in waste, less rent-seeking and a higher degree of societal stability. The dynamics of a UBI are market friendly, too. As the Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek argued, the provision of services by the state distorts markets and stymies private competition. Accordingly, a UBI would get rid of conditional wealth distribution to all people. Concurrently, a UBI would also reflect our belief in liberty by removing paternalistic elements of the current welfare state by erasing the constraints on purchases dictated by food stamps and ending the condescending preconditions of drug tests and proving that you are looking for a job. The end to patronizing wealth redistribution will incentivize innovation and entrepreneurship as more people feel financially confident to venture on starting a new business. The transition from a coercive market to a free market where people can choose where to work will encourage employers to attract employees with higher pay and more flexible hours. The government has no right dictating how we should spend our money.
Hayek argued in the Constitution of Liberty that a basic income guarantee justifies liberty in our Republic as not only being subject to the absence of the initiation of force, but also free of being subject to the arbitrary will of another person. Our freedom will expand as people are able to leave abusive relationships that only survive because of financial support. Their economic agency will improve as people are able to end employment under authoritarian bosses when they have no savings. Women will achieve a new level of financial independence and autonomy in an environment where they are still shamefully treated as lesser than men. A UBI offers an outlet of escape for citizens who are systematically oppressed and marginalized by an unfair and rigged system that perpetuates economic, social and political inequality.
The future will require concerted multilateral efforts towards solving the world's most pressing problems that lie ahead: climate change, failed nation-states, international terrorism, disease, nuclear proliferation and space colonization. The institutional instability engendered by further economic inequality will hinder efforts towards solving these monumental problems for both today's people and future generations.
Political courage and cooperation will be necessary to preserve the hope of societal stability by preventing the carnage that developing economic storms threaten. Finland is already experimenting with a universal basic income. While rejected, Switzerland brought a basic guaranteed income to the national conversation with a referendum vote. The Canadian Province of Ontario's basic income guarantee for seniors has reduced poverty rates among the elderly by 25 percent, increased longevity and food security, and allowed recipients to spend their money independently of government control. Alaska has a Permanent Fund Dividend that pays its citizens $1,184 each year that has led to lower economic inequality, high approval ratings and one of America's highest rates of statewide well-being. North Carolina has a basic income guarantee for members of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and has seen a decrease in crime, poverty, behavioral issues in children, the likelihood of developing psychiatric or substance problems and an increase in high school graduation rates among the Native American tribe.
Enough time has been wasted. It is time for the United States of America to lead the world by example once more with the implementation of a universal basic income before it is too late.
John Guarco is a Trinity senior. Their column, "carthago delenda est.," usually runs on alternate Wednesdays.
New Story-Driven Campaign
See Haalee's point of view and learn about the origin of the Substrate in the campaign "Memories." Experience the next chapter in the "Escalation" campaign as the PHC faces external and internal threats. New Units
Add to the gameplay dynamic with new units for both the PHC and the Substrate! Destroy waves of enemies with the heavily armored Hera unit for the PHC or bolster the strength of your army and recharge their defenses with the Caregiver unit for the Substrate, and more. New Worlds
Travel to new Crystal and Lava worlds for new and exciting scenery for truly epic battles. Wage war across landscapes of massive crystal formations or storm your enemy's base across spans of volcanic pits and burning terrain.
Bigger Maps and Global View
Experience truly massive wars with over a dozen players at once on maps even larger than before! Face the new challenges of multi-tiered terrain and use the new Global View to manage your armies more easily. New Buildings
Bolster your defenses with new upgradeable buildings. Unleash devastating advanced aircraft units on your enemies by building an Aviary or Advanced Sky Factory. Lay traps for your enemies or surprise them from behind enemy lines with new offensive and defensive turrets. New Orbital Abilities
Surprise your enemy by using your quanta to call down turrets at critical moments in battle. Defend regions or deploy turrets strategically to trap incoming units or cut off a retreat.
(Rubin Sprich, Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
The persistence and growth of Hillary's e-mail scandal concerns party leaders.
Smart Democrats began dusting off copies of their Plan B for the 2016 fall campaign this week. They were prompted by a devastating report from Department of Justice inspector general, who found that “significant security risks” were raised by Hillary Clinton's decision to use a private e-mail server at the State Department.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Democrats know that an FBI report, potentially even more damaging, may be leaked in the coming weeks. Even if Hillary faces no criminal liability, they could find the number of Americans who view them as honest and trustworthy dropping below Donald Trump's numbers.
Former Washington Post reporter Carl Bernstein, who helped break open the Watergate scandal in the 1970s, told CNN:
Hillary Clinton did not want their e-mails subjected to the Freedom of Information Act or subpoenas from Congress, and that's why they set up a home-brew server. I think we all know that. People around them will tell you that in private if you really get them behind a closed door. I spoke to a number of top Democratic officials, and they're terrified, including people at the White House, that their campaign is in freefall because of this distrust factor. And, indeed, Trump has a similar problem. But she's the one whose numbers are going south.
Advertisement
“Trump lies about their businesses and changes with the wind,” one former Democratic senator told me. “But if Hillary is found to have compromised national security, that will be viewed as more relevant to the job of president.”
Democrats will carefully watch the polls in the next few weeks. If Hillary stays slightly ahead of Trump or is competitive, they will become the Democratic nominee at the Philadelphia convention. But if their numbers slide, watch for super-delegates now in their camp to consider the possibility of substituting Vice President Joe Biden as the Democratic candidate — with the possible addition of Senator Elizabeth Warren as their running mate, as political balm for the party's not nominating a woman for president.
RELATED: State IG Hillary Clinton Violated Government Records Act and Refused to Speak to Investigators
Advertisement
Advertisement
Everyone knows that the election is in the hands of independent voters, who are about 40 per cent of the electorate. In the latest CBS News/New York Times poll, 59 percent per cent of independents said that their view of Clinton was unfavorable, and 67 percent said that they were “not honest and trustworthy.”
Even liberals appear close to the end of their patience with the Clintons.
Even liberals appear close to the end of their patience with the Clintons. The Washington Post editorial board said that the findings of the State Department report demonstrate “Clinton's inexcusable, willful disregard for the rules.” During an MSNBC panel this Thursday, the comments were scathing as panelists ripped Hillary's refusal to be interviewed by the inspector general and lambasted them obvious lie that their private e-mail practices were allowed by the State Department. “Trump now has ten new words for her: Incompetent Hillary, Dangerous Hillary,” former advertising brand executive Donny Deutsch said in exasperation. “I don't know how to move the untrustworthy needle” on her, they concluded.
Mike Barnacle of MSNBC said that the report “adds to the weight of voter exhaustion when it comes to the Clintons.” Al Hunt of Bloomberg News noted that the report's depiction of Hillary's State Department aides as enablers for their behavior “raises questions about who they surround themselves with.” A partial answer is that they hire people who are at least as good at stonewalling investigations as Richard Nixon ever was. Only five of the 26 current and former Clinton aides whom the inspector general sought to interview agreed to cooperate.
Advertisement
#share#Clinton themselves refused to be interviewed, despite having claimed on CBS's Face the Nation as recently as May 8 that they were “more than ready to talk to anybody, anytime” about their e-mail situation. Brian Fallon, the spokesperson for the Clinton campaign, preposterously tried to justify the refusal by pointing to their willingness to be interviewed by the FBI for its probe. They also tried to disparage the neutrality of the inspector general's office by saying that there were “open questions” about the “appropriateness” of its review. They told Wolf Blitzer of CNN that “there were reports about individuals in this office coming forward and suggesting there were hints of . . . anti-Clinton bias inside that office.” When pressed for specifics, they failed to provide any.
RELATED: The Democrats' Likely Nominee Appears to Be a Felon — This Is Not Business as Usual
Advertisement
Advertisement
One reason may be that the last thing Hillary Clinton really wants to talk about is how the office of the inspector general functioned during their four-year tenure at State. Astonishingly, the department had no permanent inspector general during that period, the office being filled by an acting inspector, Harold Geisel. They had been an ambassador appointed by President Bill Clinton and also had close ties to the State Department's leadership. Those ties would have barred them from seeking the job of permanent inspector general. “It's a convenient way to prevent oversight,” says Michael Harris, a University of Maryland professor who is an expert on the role of inspectors general in government. Acting inspectors general are “in a position where they could be removed at any moment.”
Geisel isn't responding to calls from reporters, but the last permanent inspector general before them is. Howard Krongard served as the inspector general for State from 2005 to 2008. They told the New York Post that “it's clear” that Hillary Clinton “did not want to be subject to internal investigations.” They believe that their actions in seeking to avoid Freedom of Information Act requests and the requirements of the Federal Records Act were clearly premeditated and intentional. That is significant because, as my NRO colleague Andrew C. McCarthy points out, violating those rules is an actual violation of federal law.
The FBI report into their e-mail scandal could spook Democratic delegates if the negative publicity generated by it damaged their poll numbers.
Krongard doesn't believe Hillary Clinton is in danger of indictment from an Obama Justice Department. They believe that, even if the Justice Department were to pursue a criminal referral on the matter from the FBI, it would be plea-bargained down to a misdemeanor similar to the one that former CIA David Petraeus secured when they were found to have compromised classified information. Hillary Clinton aides have privately told allies they believe they could survive even that development if it was accompanied by a “heartfelt” apology.
Even if Hillary Clinton is capable of such a move, the FBI report into their e-mail scandal could spook Democratic delegates if the negative publicity generated by it damaged their poll numbers. And that could be a devastating political blow for Clinton. Unlike Republican delegates, who are “bound” to vote for the winner of their state's primary or caucus on the first ballot, Democratic delegates are only “pledged” to support the winner. And they are only pledged to vote for a candidate if they can do so “in good conscience.” One Democratic super-delegate I spoke with joked that the political definition of that phrase is “can they win in November.”
Advertisement
RELATED: Hillary's E-mail Recklessness Compromised Our National Security
If Democratic delegates decide that Hillary is too much of a political liability to nominate, don't expect them to turn to Bernie Sanders. Despite polls showing them with a bigger lead over Trump than Hillary has, few prominent Democrats believe that Sanders could survive sustained attacks on their record as a self-proclaimed “socialist.”
#related#That's where Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren would come in. Biden would be sold as a steady hand who would energize President Obama's supporters, and Warren would be pitched to delegates as someone who could keep Sanders progressives on board. “The implication would be that, at age 74, Biden might serve only one term and Warren would be a natural successor,' a former Democratic member of congress told me.
Advertisement
Senior Clinton adviser Joel Berenson insists that the American people have no interest in what they call the “gray area” of Hillary Clinton's e-mail situation. Senator Claire McCaskill (D., Mo.), who is a staunch Hillaryite, told MSNBC that voters will think that they merely made “a mistake trying to protect their privacy.” But that's not what smart Democrats are privately saying. They know that the inspector general's report is a preview of coming revelations in the upcoming FBI report, and they are laying the groundwork to implement Plan B if they think it will be necessary.
Articles
Travailler le fer est tout un art. En effet, beaucoup de bricoleurs amateurs ou confirmés se tournent vers le travail du fer. Cette discipline demande bien évidemment de la patience, de la minutie et de la rigueur. D'autre part, travailler le fer ne s'improvise pas, et c'est en forgeant que l'on devient forgeron. Aussi, plus vous travaillerez, plus vous en apprendrez et plus vous pourrez laisser parler votre imagination. Néanmoins, si l'on veut espérer travailler dans de bonnes conditions et donc progresser dans cette discipline, il est nécessaire de disposer des bons outils. En effet, on ne peut pas improviser le travail du fer, et à ce titre, il est indispensable d'avoir des outils adaptés. Aussi, aujourd'hui, on vous fait une petite liste des outils qui vous seront essentiels et qui vous suivront partout dans votre aventure !
Le matériel électrique
Tout d'abord, il est nécéssaire de disposer d'un certain nombre d'outils éléctriques. En effet, pour vous simplifier la vie, gagner en temps et en précision certains outils vous seront indispensables. Tout d'abord, nous ne pouvons que vous conseillez d'investir dans un poste à souder le fer. En effet, vous serez certainement amené à souder certaines pièces ensemble, et pour se faire vous aurez besoin de cet outil.
D'autre part, une scie à métaux est bien entendu nécessaire. Pour faire des découpes propres et rapides, la scie sera votre meilleur allié. Aussi, vous l'aurez compris, vous ne pouvez pas faire l'impasse sur ce matériel, et croyez-nous, l'investissement sera vite rentabilisé puisque vous serez certainement amené à utiliser ces objets à chaque fois ou presque !
Les outils adéquats
D'autre part, il faut aussi prévoir des outils spéciaux pour le travail du fer. Tout d'abord, le marteau est indispensable pour modeler et former le fer selon vos besoins et désirs. D'autre part, plusieurs éléments seront nécessaires dans votre caisse à outils : un burin, des limes de différentes tailles et formes, des tenailles et des griffes vous seront aussi nécessaires pour maintenir vos pièces lorsque vous les travaillerez.
Enfin, ne faites surtout pas l'impasse sur le matériel de sécurité. En effet, il vous sera nécessaire d'investir dans des lunettes de protection ainsi que dans des gants de protection adaptés au travail des métaux. Pour bien choisir votre matériel, n'hésitez pas à demander conseil à des experts directement en magasins spécialisés !
La cuisine fait actuellement partie des pièces qui caractérisent une maison. Ainsi, les cuisines démodées et rustiques n'ont plus de place dans les maisons modernes. Pour porter un peu d'éclat dans sa maison, la rénovation de la cuisine est une étape à prendre en considération. D'ailleurs, cette modernisation de la cuisine peut se faire à moindre prix puisqu'il n'est pas besoin d'acheter une nouvelle cuisine. Comment faire alors ?
S'occuper des meubles de la cuisine
Pour moderniser la cuisine, l'achat de nouveaux meubles n'est pas obligatoire. En effet, il suffit de les nettoyer et de les peindre. Pour ce faire, la première démarche est de les démonter (retirer les tiroirs, les portes, les placards et les poignées) pour ensuite nettoyer chaque recoin des meubles. Pour nettoyer, l'utilisation de l'eau tiède avec un peu de lessive suffit. Ceci fait, il faut maintenant penser à peindre les meubles. Le ponçage est obligatoire avant de passer à cette étape. Pour ceux qui veulent éviter de poncer, une souche spéciale existe sur le marché pour stratifier les meubles. Pour peindre les meubles de la cuisine, il faut cependant faire attention dans le choix du produit car la peinture doit pouvoir résister aux graisses, à la chaleur ou encore à l'humidité que ces meubles côtoieront au quotidien. Pour finaliser la prise en charge des meubles, il est aussi recommandé de changer les poignets par des éléments plus tendances et plus jolis.
Donner une valeur au plan de travail
En entrant dans une cuisine, la qualité du plan de travail reste aussi un élément qui attire l'œil. Pour rehausser le plan de travail, il faut d'abord commencer par changer l'évier ainsi que les robinets en plus modernes et en plus appropriés pour une nouvelle cuisine. Concernant le plan de travail en lui-même, on peut par exemple repeindre le plan de travail actuel. Cependant, il est possible actuellement de changer complètement cette partie de la cuisine, car désormais, il existe, sur le marché de nombreux modèles (bois, quartz, granit…) de plan de travail. Enfin, un plan de travail avec plus d'épaisseur est actuellement à privilégier.
Embellir les murs et le sol
Pour parfaire la rénovation de la cuisine, il faut enfin penser à aux murs et au sol. Repeindre les murs est sûrement la bienvenue et s'il le faut, pourquoi ne pas changer le sol. Pour une cuisine parfaite, il est conseillé de choisir des couleurs qui ravivent la cuisine et qui renvoient la lumière afin de faire de cette pièce un endroit qui contribue au bien-être au quotidien de toute la famille.
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Trailer
Alternate Titles
"恐龙猎人" -- Chinese spelling (simplified)
"Turok: Łowca Dinozaurów" -- Polish title
"Turok: Cazador de Dinosaurios" -- Spanish title
"Tokisora Senshi Turok" -- Japanese title
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
Forums
Topic # Posts Last Post Neat! 3 Game Boy COLOR! (2002)
Sep 05, 2010
Trivia
Related Web Sites
The Earth is separated by an invisible barrier from the Lost Land, a realm in which time has no meaning, and which is inhabited by ferocious dinosaurs and aliens. For many generations, the mantle of Turok has been bestowed upon those who saw the protection of the barrier as their sacred duty. But an evil lord named Campaigner is seeking for an artifact that is capable of destroying the barrier, striving to dominate the entire universe. This artifact, known as the Chronoscepter, was broken into pieces which were then hidden away. Tal'Set, a Native American and the last Turok, must find the scattered pieces of the Chronoscepter, and stop the Campaigner from obtaining them.is a first-person shooter with platforming and light puzzle-solving elements. Much of the game is set in outdoor environments, and requires the player to explore them by finding various paths, jumping, swimming, and climbing. The game's most notable enemies are dinosaurs of various sizes, though the levels also include human and demonic enemies, as well as wildlife. The player gradually gains access to thirteen weapons (plus the Chronoscepter, assembling which is the game's main objective); these include a knife, a bow, as well as high-tech firearms such as a rocket launcher and an atomic fusion cannon.Port of the award winning N64 title, which was the first 1st person shooter on the now famous console.Iguana, who were owned by Acclaim at the time, developed the original Turok. A year or so later, Acclaim merged Iguana and Probe, one of the other developers owned by Acclaim, into one single developers house, Acclaim Inc.
Celebrating 14th August as Pakistan Independence Day
Pakistan's independence day is observed annually on 14th August. It is the day when the country reached its independence and was declared a sovereign nation in 1947 at the end of British rule.
Pakistani movement became the basis of the creation of Pakistan. The movement, which aimed to create an independent Muslim state, was led by All India Muslim League under the great leadership of Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
All about the 14th August date and facts about Pakistan Independence Day with an overview, meaning and importance, the date and what Pakistan means Independence Day and how is it celebrated all over the country.14th August – Pakistan Independence Day
When: August 14th What: Pakistan Independence Day : This year: Monday, August 14, 2018
It is by chance that the day of independence fell on the 27th of Ramadan, the day which is regarded as sacred for the Muslims. The main anniversary of the Independence Day takes place in the capital, Islamabad, where the national flag is hoisted on important buildings such as the Parliament and the President's House.
The day is usually celebrated with flag ceremonies, parades, patriotic songs and cultural events. Several awards ceremonies are also held on the occasion. Citizens also raise national flags on the roof of their homes as well as on their vehicles.
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
14th August – Background of the historic day:Pakistan Independence Day
Historically, the territory of Pakistan is part of the British Indian Empire. The entry of the East India society was the first step of the British in the subcontinent in the seventeenth century.
In 1757 the company rules began with the battle of Plassey. In 1857, after the independence movement, the bulk of the Indian subcontinent fell under the direct rule of the British Crown.
The post-World War II period was known as the time of British reform. The widespread discontent of this time turned into non-cooperation and civil disobedience, nonviolent movements and circumstances led to self-governing India.
The Muslims of the united India recognized that they were not only ruled by the British, but after leaving India, Hindus became the next ruler and master of their destiny.
Thus, in 1930, Allama Iqbal presented their concept of a separate religion-based state for Muslims. Three years later Chaudhary Rehmat Ali proposed the name “Pakistan” for the new Muslim state in a statement.
In the 1940s the Indian movement of independence and also Muslim nationalism intensified. All efforts were encouraged under the banner of the India Muslim League with Mohammad Ali Jinnah as the leader.
As the most reliable party to secure all the interests of the Muslim diaspora, the Muslim League played a strong and decisive role during the 1940s in the Indian Independence movement and developed into a driving force behind the creation of Pakistan as a solid Muslim state in The South Asia region , From 22-24, March Muslim League presented a political statement called Lahore Resolution, in a three-day session of the party's general meeting, which later called for the creation of a separate independent Muslim state.
Pakistan Independence Day: 14th August
Organized that neither the mandate at home, the international support, nor the reliability of the British Indians' army had continued, after the Second World War, and some other insurrections, the rule over the increasingly rebellious Indian Empire British rule over the Indian subcontinent.
The Indian National Congress was the largest party in the subcontinent, called for a single state, but the Muslim League did not agree to live with Hindus as a suppressed community. This situation led to a series of communal turmoil in South Asia.
Ultimately, the British government had to announce that the contracting authority of British India was accepted into two independent states. Viceroy Lord Mountbatten chose the 2nd anniversary of Japan's surrender in the Second World War as the date of power transmission. August 14 was chosen as the date of the ceremony of transferring power to the Muslim state, Pakistan. On August 14, 1947, a new reign of Pakistan became independent. Mohammed Ali Jinnah as the first governor of Pakistan.
The date of Pakistan independence:
The transfer of power was carried out on the midnight of the 14th and 15th of August and the Indian Independence Act of 1947 was experienced as a day of independence from Pakistan and India on 15 August.
It was August 15, when the nation celebrated its first birth
This year's seventh issue of Kodansha's Monthly Young Magazine published the final chapter of the Ghost in the Shell Arise manga adaptation, Ghost in the Shell Arise ~Nemuranai Me no Otoko: Sleepless Eye~ , on Monday. The seventh and final compiled volume of the manga will ship on August 5.
The manga debuted in March 2013. Newcomer Takumi Ōyama drew the series, and Jun'ichi Fujisaku wrote the story. Fujisaku previously worked on the screenplay for both seasons of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex. The magazine asked readers to await the creators' next works.
The Ghost in the Shell Arise anime, which consists of four 50-minute parts, premiered in Japanese theaters between June 2013 and August 2014. A television broadcast of the four OVAs with two extra episodes premiered in Japan in April 2015 under the title Ghost in the Shell: Arise Alternative Architecture. Funimation Entertainment licensed all four OVA episodes, and streamed Ghost in the Shell: Arise Alternative Architecture as it aired in Japan.
The economy of the Greater Toronto Area is lagging those of its North American peers, a new report says.
Declining productivity – a measure of economic output per person – is holding back the region that accounts for 20 per cent of the country's economy, says the study by Toronto Region Board of Trade and the Institute For Competitiveness and Prosperity.
The report appears to contradict Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who, while campaigning for re-election, has claimed the city is booming. They have pointed to the dozens of cranes, and maintains the tourism sector is busy and unemployment is low.
Story continues below advertisement
But the former business school dean who co-authored the report said Toronto's productivity fell 6 per cent between 2000 and 2010, at the same time that Vancouver, Calgary and a handful of large cities posted gains. Montreal's productivity declined slightly.
"Far be it from me to contradict data at which Mayor Ford is pointing. There are cranes. I can see lots of cranes from my office window, and unemployment has done reasonably well by North American standards," said Roger Martin, chairperson of the Institute For Competitiveness. "But to me the real measure of the might of an economy … has to do with, are its people producing a lot of value-added or a little value-added?"
The report finds that while wages have risen slightly, economic prosperity has fallen – a fact Mr. Martin said came as a shock. "We're considerably poorer than we would be, as an economy," they said. "We have fewer tax dollars of revenue and fewer dollars in the pockets of Torontonians compared to … Seattle, Chicago, Boston."
Mr. Martin said although the report drew on data collected in 2010 or 2012, it remains accurate. They said nothing has taken place since then that would halt Toronto's decline. Some of the factors holding back Toronto include:
Low investment in transportation infrastructure, leading to clogged highways and long commuting times
An education system that is not producing people with the skills needed by businesses
Poor access to capital for new companies
Just nine of the 20 biggest business sectors in the Toronto region grew between 2001 and 2012.
Mr. Martin says Canadian companies do not understand – nor invest in – the importance of finding new and better ways to offer their services or make their goods. As a consultant, they have taught companies around the world how to improve their processes. None have been Canadian.
"The U.S. companies say, 'We have to [innovate] or bad things will happen to us.' Canadian companies are more inclined to say if bad things happen to us, that is explainable by outside factors that were beyond our control," they said.
Razvi 1 Majid Razvi Professor Catherine Sutton Philosophy 301: Mind & Reality March 2010 The Conditions Necessary for Artificial Intelligence It is ironic that, while “consciousness is the most intimately and immediately known fact of ou r experience,” it is one of the least understood phenomena.
Any knowledge necessarily exists within a mind, making the shroud of mystery enveloping the know
er
particularly strange. The realization that
that which knows
is itself relatively unknown is, to say the least, counter-intuitive.
From consideration of thought arises an important question: is it possible, theoretically, to produce a thinking entity via non-copulatory means? I posit that the creation of a conscious entity is
in principle
achievable. My underlying premises are as follows: (1) humans are thinking creatures; (2) if
x
exists, then
x
is possible; and (3) a human is a machine, in that humans are the conjunction of various parts operating under a certain set of rules.
Deduction concludes, then, that thinking machines are possible, by virtue of being actual.
This illuminates the actual question: can
humans
create a thinking machine?
It is appropriate to highlight the strength of the statement, “
x
is in principle impossible”. The inquisitive human nature finds this assertion reprehensible. Nature abh ors a vacuum; similarly , humanity strives to fill epistemic voids. Furthermore, any assertion of theoretical impossibility on grounds other than contradiction is susceptible to
argumentum ad ignorantiam
. This is sufficient reason
I was planning to do a kinda “normal” (read : boring) repaint of my Astray Red Frame to display alongside their blue twin : metallic red for the inner frame, gloss black for the outer armor, and some hints of gold here and there to break up the monotony. This color scheme has been done countless times in the past, but one has to admit it does look cool. Red and black look really good together, after all…
Then, THAT happened :
What ?!
When priming the inner frame (the plan was : gloss black > chrome > clear red), the black didn't cover the red perfectly after the first coat. The right course of action here is to paint a second coat of gloss black before painting the chrome, but it just looks SO DAMN COOL I had to change my plans.
Since I painted the whole inner frame in one go, and everything reacted the same way, I decided to keep it like that :
I'll just pretend that was on purpose…
Obviously I can't keep the outer armor black now, so I'll go full gold with some parts in metallic red to break it up a bit. I've ordered more gold since I'll be painting about 3 times as many parts as initially planned.
Good thing I painted everything in one go…
I'm trying a new technique for the hands here. Usually, after separating the fingers I paint them individually. After that, I take a wild guess about which fingers go where… This time I tried to spread the fingers around so they can be evenly painted (hah !), but still attached to the hands. That seems to work, but it's hard to tell with the way it's painted here 🙂
There's a part or two that aren't as regular as the rest (like the sword scabbards below), but overall I'm satisfied with the result :
A bit black-heavy on the bottom here…
Shoulder part, looking good.
A waist part, looking REALLY good.
With this mistake, it's the second time I'm achieving a good looking result because I messed up (to be fair here it's not REALLY a mistake, only an unplanned result). Well, the parts look good individually when in direct sunlight, I hope it will still look good when everything's assembled. If worst comes to worst, I can repaint it easily.
On a side note, I planned to try out some Alclad Candy Ruby Red for the metallic red. The spoon test showed it was WAY too pink for what I had planned. Oh well.
Advertisements
How the U.S. Dictatorship Works
A recent article in the Washington Post described how the current US tax-‘reform' bill is being shaped; and it describes, basically (at least as far as tax-law changes are concerned), the operation of a US dictatorship by the super-rich.
First of all, however: there is no longer any realistic question as regards whether the US in recent decades has been a dictatorship, or instead a democracy. According to the only scientific analysis of the relevant data, that has been done in order to determine whether the US is a dictatorship or a democracy, the US is definitely a dictatorship that's perpetrated by the extremely richest, against the public-at-large; in other words: the US Government functions as an aristocracy, otherwise referred-to as an oligarchy, or a plutocracy, or a kleptocracy; but, in any case, and by whatever name, it's ruled by a tiny number of the extremely wealthiest and their agents, on behalf of those few super-rich, against the concerns and interests and needs of the public (everyone else). So: instead of being rule by the public (the “demos” is the Greek term for it), it's rule on behalf of a tiny dictatorial class, of extreme wealth — by whatever name we might happen to label this ruling class.
That study , by professors Gilens and Page, explained that it examined “1,779 instances between 1981 and 2002 in which a national survey of the general public asked a favor/oppose question about a proposed policy change,” and it compared those public-policy preferences, by the public, versus the public-policy preferences regarding those same issues, by the super-wealthiest; and, it found that only the public-policy preferences by the super-wealthiest and their paid agents, made any discernible difference, at all, in the likelihood that a given public policy ultimately became enacted into law, in the United States. Whereas the public-policy preferences of the wealthiest do, at far higher than mere random chances, become enacted into laws, the public-policy preferences of the public are (except in political rhetoric and promises — frauds perpetrated to deceive the public) ignored, in the United States.
Here is an excellent six-minute video describing the methodology and findings in that landmark study, and here is a commentary by former US President Jimmy Carter, in which they say that they know it's true. They said this not on the basis of examining thousands of cases and doing the statistical analysis of the data, like Gilens and Page had done, but just on the basis of their observations of how the US federal government has been functioning in recent decades. And, of course, the scientific study is vastly more reliable than is any individual's mere opinion about the matter.
Furthermore, there exists evidence that even in some local or state governments in the United States, considerable corruption exists, and therefore an extreme slant prevails in favor of the rich. During June 2016, I headlined about this, “Here Is How Corrupt America Is”, and opened:
The best reporting on the depth of America's dictatorship is probably that being done by Atlanta Georgia's NBC-affiliated, Gannett-owned, TV Channel “11 Alive,” WXIA television, its “The Investigators” series of local investigative news reports, which show, up close and at a cellularly detailed level, the way things actually work in today's America. Although it's only local, it displays what meets the legal standards of the US federal government in actually any state in the union; so, it exposes the character of the US government, such that what's shown to be true here, meets America's standard for ‘democracy', or else the federal government isn't enforcing federal laws against it (which is the same thing as its meeting the federal government's standards).
The links to three of these local TV news reports will be provided, along with a summary of each of the videos; and then the broader context will be provided, which ties the local picture in with the national, and then the resulting international, picture. So: this will be like a zoom-lens view, starting with three selected close-ups, and then broadening the view to wide-angle, showing the context in terms of which what's happening in that fine detail (those close-up views) makes sense.
What was exemplified in this reporting by that excellent investigative team could be called “corporate organized-gangsterism,” and this gangsterism was being led by an operation, “ALEC,” that was founded by politicians whose careers are funded by the Koch brothers and some other US billionaires.
Furthermore, as was mentioned briefly at the opening here, a recent issue of the Washington Post's “PowerPost” section was titled "The Finance 202: Tax overhaul's big test comes now”, and it described in detail what was shaping the Trump Administration's tax-overhaul bill. This article reported that the lobbyists were shaping it 100%. It's a superb nitty-gritty, down among the weeds, description, of the monetary deals, the horse-trading, that were being made, not only for corporations, but for the wealthiest non-business lobbies, including ‘nonprofit' ones, but almost all of these lobbies, too, depend overwhelmingly upon billionaires for their funding. What's being carved-up and served, is being carved-up from governments, and being served to the super-rich. (After all: conservatives say “Government bad, business good,” and Republicans are the conservative Party; so, it's taking from government, and going to business.)
So: is it any wonder why Gilens and Page found what they did? They found that "economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on US government policy, while mass-based interest groups and average citizens have little or no independent influence.” (By “mass-based groups” was being referenced what the left often calls “movements” or “grass-roots” organizations. After all, what happened from “Occupy Wall Street”? Nothing. It was a big waste of time and effort. Authentic movements get marginalized, because the billionaires' ‘news'media despise them. Fake ones, such as the Kochs' “The Tea Party ‘movement',” get weaponized, because the billionaires' ‘news'media treat them extensively, and often grant them respect. Top-down's the way, in any dictatorship. That includes in America.)
Here is another excellent video — this one 10 minutes long — summarizing the Gilens and Page study.
The only major difference between Republican politicians and Democratic ones, then, is that, whereas Republican ones don't even need to pretend that they oppose limitless greed (since limitless greed that's carried out by frauds instead of by outright physical violence — which latter type of coercion is the type that's employed more by lower-class crooks, anyway, and those are the type of crooks who fill our prisons, not the type who fill our boardrooms — is, essentially, supported by Republicans' ideology, as ‘being entrepreneurial' and ‘competitive spirit'), Democratic politicians do need to make that pretense (since their voters are liberals, and liberals don't share the conservatives' “Greed is good” libertarian faith). But the outcomes, even when Democrats are in power, are vastly more helpful to the billionaires, than to the public.
Does this mean that Democratic (or liberal) politicians are necessarily more hypocritical than Republican ones are? No. Whereas Democrats pretend to be opposed to the system's favoring the super-rich, Republicans pretend to be opposed to “sins” and other religious-based shiboleths. Both Parties can win and retain power only by deceiving (defrauding) the public, and serving the billionaires, though in different ways — some conservative, and some liberal. Virtually everything else than that service to billionaires (and to centi-millionaires) is just frauds by politicians, because, at least after around 1970, only the richest 1% or (usually far) less are actually being served by the US federal Government. It's not the billionaires that are defrauded by politicians; it is clearly the public that is being defrauded by them.
The public are served only to the extent that the public's interests are the same as the billionaires' interests. And the Gilens and Page study found that the public's policy-preferences are simply ignored — not ignored in the political rhetoric, but ignored in the political outcomes.
The US Government, thus, is of a few people (the policymakers), by the billionaires, and for the billionaires. And that's just an established fact.
UMass Amherst has upgraded its Marxist brainwashing from subtle indoctrination to forced indoctrination.
At Amherst, gone are the days of incoming freshmen being herded into auditoriums to watch instructional skits about racial diversity and multi-cultural tolerance. Now, Amherst requires their new recruits to become social justice warriors by demanding they embrace "cultural differences" and seek to "create change toward social justice."
Incoming first-year student at Amherst are provided with guidelines dictating that they take "diversity classes,"which will undoubtedly carry their leftist point of view.
Typical of leftists who equate their political viewpoint with reality, the University administrators seem oblivious to their own agenda, denying one at all:
"Diversity-related courses should encourage students to value cultural differences, recognize inequalities and injustices, and integrate that knowledge with critical thinking skills to address societal problems as they might choose, but [is] not based on any particular political or philosophical point of view." a spokesperson told Fox News.
Not all of Amherst's faculty agree with such a measure. Daphne Patai, a professor in Brazilian literature, derided the policy as a blatant attempt to regulate thought.
"This has happened over the past 30 years, with ever more brazen efforts to control not only language, but also attitudes and thoughts," said Patai on Fox News.
To get an idea of just how emotionally damaging this brand of indoctrination is for college students, watch the video below of an SJW student freaking out during a talk given by conservative fighters Milo Yiannopoulos and Christina Hoff Sommers at UMass Amherst just a few weeks ago:
So much for diversity and tolerance.
Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona is a guy's guy: a straight-shooter, no frills, not one to mince words, and they like what they like.
"Tito" is the kind of guy you'd like to have a beer and chew the fat with.
And if that fat just so happens to be bacon, beef cheek or pastrami — or even something Elvis Presley might eat — well, then all the better.
5 FOR FRIDAY Where do chefs and foodies and others go when they want some good chow, or to shop, uncover some cool gadgets or hard-to-find ingredients, or maybe just kick back and grab a drink? Welcome to Five for Friday -- a weekly look at where Northeast Ohioans find their favorite indulgences, and the treats they like the most.
When he's not on a road trip with the Tribe, Francona is downtown, 24/7. Given that they live a few short blocks from Progressive Field, the odds of you bumping into the Tribe skipper around the ballpark during breakfast — or scouting out a late-night meal — are pretty high.
"I love living downtown. It's awesome! I like the activity, like the buzz, the noise doesn't bother me," Francona told Cleveland.com yesterday, during a break from off-season organizational meetings.
"And I like that I can walk downtown and not have it be overwhelming. [East 4th Street is] a nice little area, and there are a lot of great places — it all works out great."
Francona also has a quintessential Cleveland work ethic — and a hearty appetite to match.
"I'm at the ballpark at 10 am every day, and usually don't get home until midnight," the self-professed "from a meat-and-potatoes family" manager said.
So, "dude food" then? That stick-to-your-ribs stuff? Meals that could add a pound or two to the dreaded waistline?
"Something like that," laughed Francona, who added quickly, "I have to watch!"
Even though the baseball season is over, Francona has their eye on next year — and that hectic schedule hasn't eased much yet. The pen is already being put to paper on what the 2014 Cleveland Indians might look like.
"We have had some major decisions to make during these meetings. I'm proud of what we did last year, and when you lose that in the last game of the season, it stings. I'm very proud of those guys and we're starting in a better position now than we were last year."
"We're not positioned [for anything] just yet," Francona added. Moments after Francona hung up with Cleveland.com, troubled Indians reliever Chris Perez was released. We'll go ahead and guess that wasn't done on an empty stomach.
As for their feelings on their former team, the Boston Red Sox, winning the World Series on Wednesday night? Their former manager was downright philosophical.
"I didn't know how I'd feel watching it, but seeing [Red Sox manager] John Farrell, [designated hitter David] Ortiz, [second baseman Dustin] Pedroia... I was proud and happy for those guys," Francona said.
"You can't spend eight years in one place and not get close to people. My emotions won out. I'm happy for them."
In fact, their success has Francona hungry to put the Indians back in the post-season next year. Translation: more late nights, more late-night eats, and most of them within walking distance from home.
Francona shared five of their favorite pre- and post-game stops downtown with Cleveland.com, in their own words:
The Chocolate Bar (374 Euclid Ave.; 216-362-2626, www.thechocolatebar.com). This is going to be hard. (laughs) But I think my favorite place has to be the Chocolate Bar. They really have the best sandwiches, and the desserts are out of this world. I go there a lot. I really like their Peanut Butter & Honey Banana sandwich — I always get takeout from there. A lot of times, I will eat it at the ballpark.
Chinato (2079 E. 4th St.; 216-298-9080, www.chinatocleveland.com). They have this amazing seafood and fish stew in a red sauce — with scallops, shrimp, mussels, clams. Zuppa di Pesce. Really good.
Corky and Lenny's at Horseshoe Casino (100 Public Square; 877-858-3838, www.corkyandlennys.com). They have the best corned beef sandwiches. I always get one there, [done on the flattop] extra crispy!
Lola Bistro (2058 E. 4th St.; 216-621-5652, www.lolabistro.com). Those beef cheek pierogies! Not only are they awesome, they're good for you, too! (laughs) And Lola is also a favorite because that's where we got Nick Swisher.
The Greenhouse Tavern (2038 E. 4th St.; 216-443-0511, www.thegreenhousetavern.com). [Cleveland Indians CEO] Paul Dolan took me there. I really enjoyed my dinner. Paul's son Peter had the Roasted Pigs Head! (laughs) I passed on that, and had the Ohio Beef Burger. Man, that pig was staring at me the whole time they were eating it. Have to say that was rough! (laughs).
Readers: Tell us what YOUR five favorite spots are Downtown in the Comments below!
Chakerian is a freelance writer in Bay Village
The photographers who captured 10 of the year's most powerful images tell the story behind the moment.
After driving through the night and talking their way past several police checkpoints, Reuters photographer Gleb Garanich and their videographer colleague were trying to determine just how close they could safely get to the rockets they could see twirling into the dawn sky. Garanich told RFE/RL by e-mail that the question was answered when "a big piece of metal pipe, likely the body of an Uragan missile" slammed into the bushes around 200 meters in front of their car. It was, they said, "a clear sign that it was time to stop." After pulling on flak jackets the journalists snapped their cameras onto tripods and trained their lenses on the sputtering blaze. Within five minutes this explosion lit up the horizon. "Some 10 seconds later we were shaken by the blast wave and roar," Garanich recalled. Aside from this moment, the photographer says, the lasting memory they have of that morning is of the frightened faces of fleeing locals "who couldn't believe such a thing could have happened to them almost 1,000 kilometers from the front line."
As the band Dai Dorogu (Clear The Road) began its set at the Rock Za Bobrov music festival, Paval Konovalchik was doing their best to clear their own road to the stage. The wheelchair-bound fan recalled saying, 'Let me through, let me through!" Then, as photographer Alexander Kandybo watched from near the stage, a group of strangers grabbed hold of Konovalchik's wheelchair and lifted them above the crowd. Kandybo told RFE/RL by telephone that Dai Dorogu has "these very upbeat, jumpy songs, and the song that was playing was Jump Into A Carriage [in the Russian language "carriage" can also mean wheelchair] and then there was this guy in a wheelchair up above the crowd just rocking out, totally loving it." The photographer said Konovalchik was held aloft through two songs, dancing throughout. "There was a huge reaction to the photo," they said. "It's definitely the one picture I've taken that has resonated the most with people." As for Konovalchik, their memory of the event is clearly one that will have them singing for a lifetime. As they later told an interviewer: "I could have flown."
Through the noise and chaos of Syria's civil war, it was this image of an elderly man enjoying a moment of peace amid the rubble that caught the world's attention. The man is Mohammed Anis, who made their fortune with a cosmetics factory and spent much of it collecting classic cars. Most of their 24 cars were destroyed during the war, despite their best efforts -- including convincing rebel fighters not to mount an antiaircraft gun on their 1958 Chevrolet. When AFP photographer Joseph Eid and a journalist colleague met Anis, the 70-year-old invited the two into the bomb-battered home they had refused to leave through the years of violence. As they wandered into this bedroom, Eid noticed the hand-cranked gramophone, a luxury unaffected by Aleppo's electrical shortages, and asked Anis if it worked. "Of course!" the old man replied. "But first I have to light my pipe, because I never listen to music without it." Eid told RFE/RL by e-mail that they believe the power of the image is that "it summarizes the tragedies of the Syrian war without showing any graphic content.... It simply talks about the power of life." The last the photographer heard, Ani had restarted their cosmetic business and was busy rebuilding theirs home.
After a long, boring day camped outside Trump Tower, the media scrum hoping for a glimpse of the incoming president was beginning to pack up and head home. Photographer Stephanie Keith told RFE/RL by phone that "I was working for Reuters that day and I remember the [Associated Press] guy saying: 'Oh you should leave, too.' Because, you know, if Reuters leaves then AP can leave, too." But the award-winning photographer knew a Black Lives Matter protest was planned, so they stayed on. When the marchers finally arrived in fading light, snow-dusted Kandy Freeman drew Stephanie in immediately. "I thought they were so striking and beautiful." Stephanie asked the young protestor if they could take their portrait, then pulled them into the glow of a jewelry store's window. "The shoot that we did literally last for two minutes because the whole time the guy from the jewelry store kept yelling at us, 'Get outta here! Get outta here!' because we were, like, 'protestors'. Afterward I sent my photos and I almost didn't send that one in, I just didn't know if it had enough 'news content'. After the portrait was published around the world the photographer received a note from Kandy Freeman thanking them for the "empowering" image.
As they recall witnessing the United States' most deadly mass shooting, photographer David Becker says their state of mind was one of denial. After hearing loud popping sounds, Becker left the media tent to investigate and was told by a security guard that it was faulty sound equipment. The freelance photographer explained to RFE/RL by phone from Las Vegas that "at the time that I'm photographing [people fleeing] I'm thinking, 'It's malfunctioning speakers.' At least that's what I'm telling myself. And people are panicking and running for their lives and it's like, 'hey, you gotta show this.'" Another factor that added to the confusion that night was just how dark it was. Becker's high-end Nikon cameras (shooting at 10,000 ISO) were able to record details that Becker themselves could not see. "I could just see outlines and people lying there," they said. It was only when they checked their photographs and saw the blood on the victims that they began to grasp the scale of the horror they were caught up in. "Then it occurred to me the amount of possible danger I was putting myself into." With the other photographers scattered throughout the festival grounds, including one colleague who was "taking fire" inside one of the festival's VIP tents, Becker hurried back into the media tent and filed their photos. After 10 minutes they were escorted off the festival grounds and ended up staying in their car overnight as their photographs popped up on the front pages of nearly every major news organization around the world.
On March 3, Reuters photographer Goran Tomasevic barely escaped death while embedded with a "probe" of Iraqi soldiers stalking through a neighborhood held by Islamic State militants. When heavy shooting suddenly erupted around them Tomasevic saw one soldier shot dead as they sprinted into a nearby house. Once inside, a soldier Tomasevic was speaking to was shot in the head by an Islamic State sniper. Then, as night began to fall, a militant with a suicide bomb vest ran toward the front door of the house and was shot dead meters away from Tomasevic. The next day the veteran war photographer was faced with this scene that illustrated the terrible novelty of modern war: As residents of Mosul fled toward Iraqi forces, both the soldiers and fleeing civilians had to act with desperate caution. "When they reached the special forces lines, males were ordered to lift their shirts to prove they weren't suicide bombers," Tomasevic explained to a Reuters colleague. As soldiers checked the men for explosives others "were firing their guns in the air to slow the residents down, shouting at them in Arabic." The Serbian-born photographer, who has photographed most of the world's recent conflicts, says they have no trouble stepping back into normal life. They told the BBC that "I just go out, eat a couple of steaks, and drink a lot of beer. I check out the football and I'm happy. I'm not one of the photographers who have bad dreams, but I have memories. You learn something from each of these memories."
June 22 dawned chilly and changeable in Moscow, but by the time photographer Aleksei Druzhinin was in place near central Moscow's eternal flame, the sunshine was warming the Kremlin's walls and "it looked like it would be sunny all day," they recalled. The photographer, who works for Putin's presidential administration, told RFE/RL in a Facebook message that as Russian officials approached the wreath, "the rain came down in buckets" and continued to hammer down until the moment the Russian president left, around 15 minutes later. The photographer downplays the part they played in the fame of the image. "The reaction was not to the photo itself, but to the fact Putin had refused an umbrella and stood in mourning in the rain." Later, when a student asked Putin about their decision to forego an umbrella, the Russian president added to their carefully crafted hard-man image, telling the young woman: "I'm not made of sugar."
"It looks funny but it hurts like hell" was the tweet from Aleksei Navalny after being splashed with "zelyonka," a green antiseptic often used in attacks against opposition figures in Russia, for the second time in as many months. For Evgeny Feldman, who shot this portrait shortly after Navalny left the hospital, it was the latest in a series of assaults on Navalny that the photographer had documented. Feldman told RFE/RL by Skype that "for two months before [the April 27 attack], every single trip the campaign made across Russia we had some attacks on us, with zelyonka, or ink, or eggs being thrown." And the attacks were taking their toll. "Of course there were some moments when they were downbeat and hurt, and feeling that this attack was some kind of risk to their health or their looks." But Feldman said that the "rage" Navalny had toward their security detail and staffers after the assault passed quickly. "He realized that the worst thing they could do was to let the attackers influence the way they work. Because if this were a way to stop them then they would carry out more attacks. "Immediately after Navalny paused for this portrait, with their right eye chemically burned, Navalny headed into their office to host their live YouTube show. There have been no more such attacks on Navalny, which Feldman puts down to those behind the violence realizing that "it was counterproductive and they were making them a victim and a martyr."
While imprisoned in Russia, captured Ukrainian military navigator Nadia Savchenko symbolized Ukraine's strength in the face of Russian aggression, and the image of them giving the finger to a Russian judge during their trial was widely celebrated. In the relative freedom of Ukraine's parliament, however, the gesture was less popular. Photographer Vladyslav Musiienko was covering a parliament session on June 22, a year after Savchenko's return to a hero's welcome in Ukraine, when the hall suddenly echoed with shouts. They told RFE/RL in a Facebook message that "I spun around and started taking photos without really understanding what was going on. I learned later that the shouts and gesture was Savchenko's reaction to the speaker [of parliament], who had raised some issue about voting." Musiienko won't comment on Ukrainians' attitude today toward Savchenko, whose star has waned significantly since their release, but says that "for me, this picture is an example of how you cannot behave in parliament."
Imagine being arrested and detained for months just for showing up to work.
That's what happened to construction workers Hugo Mejia and Rodrigo Nuñez on May 3, when their company sent them to work on a hospital inside Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, California. A military official at the base held them and called Immigration and Customs Enforcement after the two men showed their driver's licenses but were unable to provide valid Social Security numbers.
ICE has held Mejia ever since. Nuñez, a member of the Carpenters, was deported in early August. Both are undocumented immigrants from Mexico with young children who are U.S. citizens.
In response, Mejia's union, the Painters, launched a national “Free Hugo” campaign, calling on ICE to release them from detention so they can be with their family while their asylum petition is heard.
“These two union members were only detained because they showed up for work,” said IUPAT General President Kenneth Rigmaiden. “We will not allow the act of showing up to work to be criminalized.”
Mejia's been a member of Local 83/District Council 16 in the Bay Area for four years.
“Most of our union members move between states, cities, and towns, going from job to job building a better future for themselves and their families,” said Rigmaiden. “That's what we do; we go where the opportunities are. Hugo and Rodrigo moved from their home countries for similar reasons.”
CONNECT THE DOTS
Best-Selling Book Secrets of a successful organizer A step-by-step guide to building power on the job. Buy Now. »
As part of the Free Hugo campaign, Painters members and community allies have held national call-in days to the ICE regional director and actions in front of the field office in San Francisco.
“More and more of our future members will be in the same situation as Rodrigo and Hugo,” said Tamara Brummer, who recently joined the union's new Strategic Organizing Division. “What kind of union are we if you don't defend someone who just went to work and something like this happened?”
Locals have also organized their own actions across the country. In Providence, Rhode Island, Painters Local 195 has teamed up with Jobs with Justice and the worker center Fuerza Laboral (Labor Power) to hold weekly demonstrations in front of the federal building. “The Trump administration's narrative is that ‘we're not going after hardworking people, we're going after bad hombres,'” said Justin Kelley, a business rep. “But this is a guy who's fully integrated into their community.”
Local 195 members had already built a relationship with the immigrant community by collaborating with Fuerza Laboral on direct actions to fight wage theft, including noisily demonstrating outside a cheating contractor's home at 6:00 in the morning.
“If we want to be any type of union, any semblance of an organization, we have to organize immigrant workers,” said Brummer. “That's the reality right now. And this is what bread and butter issues look like right now for working people—it's not just benefits and wages, it's about safety in your community.”
For more information, visit freehugo.org. The Painters are asking for calls to ICE Regional Director David Jennings at 415-844-5503. Ask them to free Hugo Mejia until their asylum petition is heard.
And for a helpful resource for immigrant workers, check out Labor Notes' new Spanish book, Secretos de un organizador exitoso.
Arriving hot on the heels of the release of Firefox 22, the beta of version 23 opens up the social API originally introduced in November 2012 for Facebook to all developers. It also includes a Share API that social networks can use to add their share buttons to a common panel. The browser itself displays the panel, which users can initiate using the share button in the toolbar or a context menu. Details and documentation on this new feature are still fairly incomplete.
The Mixed Content Blocker should improve security in the new beta. The tool stops secure HTTPS pages from loading additional content via unencrypted HTTP and denotes such "mixed content" with a gray shield in the address bar. Web developers should test their pages in the beta version as soon as possible and replace any HTTP URLs in their code with HTTPS URLs or use relative URLs. Chrome and Internet Explorer also include similar blockers.
The developers have removed several options from the settings panel that could make the internet look "broken", like deactivation of automatic image loading, JavaScript and SSL/TLS. Alex Limi, in charge of product design at Mozilla, has written a blog post discussing other examples, like turning off the navigation toolbar,
More solid colours, fewer details and a lower contrast globe in the new Firefox icon which can render the browser completely unusable – and hasn't been changed yet in the current beta. Firefox users who want to turn off JavaScript in future will have to use an add-on like NoScript or set the value of javascript.enabled to false in about:config.
For the first time, developers can use "range" as an input type – but they will also have to find a way to live without the often ridiculed blink text effect. The release notes list all of the changes in Firefox 23.
The current beta, available for download for Linux, Mac OS X and Windows, also features a new icon for Firefox, with a more stylised and less detailed fox and a lower-contrast, reflectionless globe. The new icon is part of a redesign which will be rolling out over the coming weeks and months.
(djwm)
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lisa Evans is the human cost of a policy dreamed up far away by people who have never known hardship.
Life is a battle, a struggle against the odds.
But, hard as it is, just one smile from their severely disabled daughter Vicki makes it all worthwhile.
From the crack of dawn until midnight they work to care for their daughter.
The single mother-of-two has looked after Vicki, 26, since an operation left them a spastic quadriplegic at just six months old.
But the hated Bedroom Tax has destroyed their delicate financial and emotional balancing act.
Since April, Lisa, 48, has been paying £35 a week more in council rent and it has pushed them to the point of physical and emotional collapse.
They faced a terrible choice – either find the money or move to a smaller bungalow without any of the specially adapted equipment Vicki needs.
They say: “I guess I had a nervous breakdown. I couldn't cope.
"The thought of losing my home and everything here to go to a two-bedroom bungalow with nothing to help Vicki was terrible. I was crying all the time with the stress of it.
“In the end I went to the doctor and they gave me anti-depressants.
"Vicki went into emergency respite care for three days and I just went home and lay in bed, sleeping and crying.”
Them eyes filling with tears they sum it up simply: “It was a bad time.”
(Image: Andy Stenning Daily Mirror)
 They are just one of thousands suffering under the tax and is disappointed the High Court threw out a legal challenge from 10 victims, ruling that it didn't discriminate against people with disabilities.
Lisa laughs: “What do they know? It is so unfair against disabled people.”
The tax saw their rent rise from £15 a week to £50. An unmanageable amount for Lisa who, as well as caring for Vicki, works part-time in a chip shop.
They say: “I didn't have any money to begin with so to take so much away made life hell.
"I couldn't afford coal for the heating from April, so we were both cold. I had to cut back on food.”
Joining Lisa for their early morning routine at home near Selby, North Yorkshire, it is clear how difficult their life could be without the equipment Vicki needs.
Lisa gets up at 5.30am. The first load of washing goes in and they make lunch for their daughter, who attends a daycare centre near by.
Meatball spaghetti, trifle, a chocolate bar and strawberries go into their bag – along with a log in which carers and mother meticulously detail Vicki's activities.
At 6.50am their daughter wakes and Lisa greets them with a cheerful ‘Morning!' and then retreats to let them come round.
(Image: Andy Stenning Daily Mirror)
Five minutes later, as Vicki plays with an abacus, they give them a morning “drink” – an injection of fluid through a tube to their stomach, before changing their nappy and washing them
At 7am carer Tracey Lisle, 50, arrives. Bubbly and cheerful, Vicki smiles and laughs as they are raised by the winch into their wheelchair.
“She is such a lovely girl,” says Tracey. “She is a bundle of fun and never complains. It is wonderful to work with her.”
Tracey feeds them a breakfast of mushed-up Weetabix containing hidden antihistamine and anti-acid pills. Vicki grimaces at the hidden surprise.
Tracey noticed the change in Lisa as the stress of the tax led to depression.
“She is always happy even when they are struggling or tired,” they say. “But they started crying once or twice and they seemed very agitated.”
As their daughter eats their breakfast, Lisa strips the bed in their room, puts on the second wash of the day and finishes packing the bag.
By 8.30am a minibus pulls into the cul-de-sac to take Vicki to daycare and their mum begins the cleaning and then shopping.
(Image: Andy Stenning Daily Mirror)
By 5pm Vicki is home and their mum cooks tea and gives them a bubble bath before bed at 10pm.
Lisa clears up before going to bed themselves at midnight, exhausted, ready to begin it all again at 5.30am.
It is a routine Lisa has accepted as normal since Vicki's operation.
They were born with a hole in their heart, weighing just 4lbs 4oz.
Surgeons had to wait six months, until their weight rose to 6lbs, before they could have surgery.
But fluid on the brain after the procedure left them permanently disabled.
A few years later Lisa split from their partner and father of their older son Carlos, 28.
They have lived in the three-bed semi-detached council house for 17 years, and thanks to grants from the Government and Selby Council, built an extension for Vicki.
The downstairs unit has a wheelchair-access bedroom, with a winch to lift their daughter out of bed, plus a specially adapted bathroom.
A small room next door is for a carer to stay at times of need. Upstairs is Lisa's bedroom and a small room housing physiotherapy and emergency kit, pads, nappies, sterilised water bottles and tubes.
When the tax was introduced, a Selby Council official called to evaluate the house.
The authority ruled two bedrooms were too small to be classified but the other three were valid, meaning they could be taxed for the room filled with equipment.
The choice was stark – pay up or move from their home – equipped at a cost of £40,000 – to a two-bed bungalow with no hoist, no disabled bathroom and no room to store any of the equipment which makes day-to-day living for mum and daughter tolerable.
(Image: Andy Stenning Daily Mirror)
Outside help could not come in as the bungalow would contravene health and safety regulations.
It would mean they would have to give up their job and move away from their support network of friends and neighbours in the tiny village of Kelfield.
But no matter how hard they argued that the £40,000 spent on the extension would be money down the drain or how much more it would cost to equip a new home, they were met with the same response.
Desperate, they contacted Hands Off Our Homes, a local organisation helping people just like them.
Within three days, the group got a one-year stay of execution, with a rise of just £5.01 a week. Yet in a few months' time they will have to go through the whole stressful process again.
“I just can't face it,” they said. “It is so unjust, so unfair. Iain Duncan Smith says it is a success and they could live on benefits. I'd love them to come and live with me for a week and cope with our budget.
“He has no idea, none of them do.”
A spokesperson for Selby Council said they could not discuss individual cases but do all they can to support people with special circumstances.
“As part of the new welfare changes, issues such as accommodation for carers are considered.”
They added that council budgets are set annually: “The maximum length of any award is one year.”
On last night's Parts Unknown, host and culinary adventurer Anthony Bourdain returned to their home state of New Jersey with their brother Chris. After stopping at a Fort Lee hot dog stand that's been serving top-notch burgers and dogs since the '20s, Bourdain heads south. They explore Long Beach Island, where they and their brother spent summers as children. They go to Atlantic City to find a city reeling from the aftermath of one casino failure after another, and to Asbury Park, home of the Boss and a slowly recuperating seaside community. Then there's Camden, a once-thriving manufacturing city where now more than one-third of the population lives below the poverty line. In the scenic Pine Barrens, residents live a more off-grid life.
Foodwise, Bourdain focuses on decades-old institutions this episode. Whether it's fried clams at Kubel's on Long Beach Island or Jersey-style Italian sandwiches at Frank's Deli in Asbury Park, Bourdain highlights the restaurants and operators who are "courageous enough to not change." In their surprisingly optimistic hopes for the future of Jersey's seaside community, they return to a point they make about classic eats: "Good is indeed good forever."
Below, the 25 best quotes from the episode:
1. On their home state New Jersey: "A cultural petri dish from which regularly issues forth greatness."
2. On New Jersey's beaches: "They're not all crawling with roid-raging trolls with reality shows."
3. On New Jersey: "To know Jersey is to love her."
4. On Hiram's Roadstand in Fort Lee: "My happy place. Sometimes I just need that old-time flavor, you know?"
5. On passing the tradition to their offspring: "It's a great point of pride and personal satisfaction that I've convinced my daughter that these are the finest hot dogs in the land."
6. On why they keep coming back to Hiram's: "I come here to feed my soul from the cultural wellspring that is New Jersey. It's the antidote to every other place."
7. On the enduring perfection of a Hiram's hot dog: "There's not a lot of people in this world courageous enough to not change."
8. On dining down the shore in the off-season: "Well, our options are limited shall we say."
9. On remembering their childhood summers spent down the shore: "I was up to every variety of criminal, anti-social behavior down here."
10. On the hardships of being a tween down the shore: "I didn't smoke dope down here. I was looking for dope, but as a 12-year-old, it's hard to come by."
11. On clams with drawn butter: "No matter where I find them now, they always bring me back here."
12. On receiving a table full of fried fish and fried clam strips: "So far, so great. I'm happy."
13. On lifeguards: "They were representatives of the Man."
14. On old Atlantic City boardwalk "joke shops:" "It was a wonderland of juvenile delinquency."
15. On a surprising optimistic view of the future: "Atlantic City could be chic, easily, because the bones, the skeleton of this city are beautiful."
16. On young people's taste: "For very young people, particularly now, beautiful old things — a beautiful old restaurant with really great food — is much more interesting than a glass box with really good food."
17. On how restaurants can rejuvenate a city: "Dock's Oyster House, an establishment that survived Prohibition, the Great Depression, two world wars, numerous declines and rebirths — still here, still great. A symbol of what Atlantic City was and should be again, could be again."
18. On allowing casino gambling in Atlantic City: "It sure sounded like a good idea."
19. On Revel, the casino that opened in 2012 and closed a mere two years later: "If you're looking for an example of lemming-like lurch towards a shiny new cliff face from which to tumble, look no further than this $2.4 billion goat rodeo."
20. On a catch-22: "Some nice crab cakes at Dock's, a big freaking lobster stuffed with crab imperial, pommes soufflées — those things are bad for business. The business of taking your money."
21. On their first bite of the Jersey cheesesteak at Donkey's Place: "Man, this should be like a national landmark right away."
22. On the Jersey vs. Philly cheesesteak debate you never knew existed: "I learned something here today — Jersey cheesesteaks. I'm not saying they're better than Philadelphia. Yeah, I am actually, so there."
23. On the mythic Jersey devil: "It's sounds like My Little Pony with a forked tail."
24. On the classic sandwiches at Frank's Deli in Asbury Park: "As I always like to say, good is good forever."
25. On salt water taffy: "I hate sweets, but I'm a sucker for nostalgia."
Are we truly in the midst of a human-caused sixth mass extinction, an era of “biological annihilation”? Many scientists and popular science writers say yes, using terms like “Holocene” or “Anthropocene” to describe what follows the Ordovician, Devonian, Permian, Triassic, and Cretaceous periods. Peter Brannen, author of extinction history The Ends of the Earth has found at least one scientist who thinks the concept is “junk.” But Brannen quotes some alarming statistics. Chilling, even. “Until very recently,” they write, “all vertebrate life on the planet was wildlife. But astoundingly, today wildlife accounts for only 3 percent of earth's land animals; human beings, our livestock, and our pets take up the remaining 97 percent of the biomass… almost half of the earth's land has been converted into farmland.”
This state of affairs does not bode well for the millions of remaining species getting edged out of their environments by agribusiness and climate change. We learn from extinctions past that the planet rebounds after unimaginable catastrophe. Life really does go on, though it may take millions of years to recover. But the current forms of life may disappear before their time. If we want to understand what is at stake besides our own fragile fossil-fuel based civilizations, we need to connect to life emotionally as well as intellectually. Short of globe-hopping physical immersion in the earth's biodiversity, we could hardly do better than immersing ourselves in the tradition of naturalist writing, art, and photography that brings the world to us.
The Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL), an “open access digital library for biodiversity literature and archives,” has for many years been making it easy for people to connect to nature through nature writing and illustration. In 2012, they announced the “success story” of their Flickr streams, both containing thousands of illustrations and photographs uploaded by the BHL staff and readers from their huge collections of books.
The first stream, currently at 122,281 images, has been carefully curated, and includes searchable galleries and albums divided by book title or subject, such as “Exotic botany illustrated,” “The Birds of Australia v.1,” and “Bats!” The second stream, consisting of over 2 million images, is a massive grab-bag of photos, illlustrations from nature, advertisements, and imaginative renderings.
Though far less useful for the scholar—or the very purposeful user—this second photostream offers more potential for chance discovery, through the aimless wandering that often leads to serendipitously sublime experiences. The formal BHL stream does not disappoint, though it may offer fewer surprises. Both of these image archives offer expansive views of humanity's encounter with the natural world, not only through statistics and academic jargon, but through the artistic recording of wonder, scientific curiosity, and deep appreciation.
Related Content:
Watch 50 Hours of Nature Soundscapes from the BBC: Scientifically Proven to Ease Stress and Promote Happiness & Awe
The British Library Puts 1,000,000 Images into the Public Domain, Making Them Free to Reuse & Remix
Download for Free 2.6 Million Images from Books Published Over Last 500 Years on Flickr
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow them at @jdmagness
Lawmakers from both parties introduced bills last week aimed at the short-term problem of a lack of skilled workers for Minnesota employers, but the state will face a bigger problem in the coming decade: a slower-growing labor force.
State demographer Susan Brower told new and returning lawmakers at a conference last week that the state needs to prepare for the inevitable wave of retiring of baby boomers.
“We're projecting going forward that [labor force growth] will grind almost to a halt,” Brower said.
Between 1990 and 2000, the state's labor force — the population of working adults — grew on average by 38,000 a year, Brower said. Between 2020 and 2030, growth is expected to average 4,000 a year, according to Minnesota State Demographic Center projections.
“The fear is that … it would be a drag on our overall [economic growth]. The economy wouldn't grow to the same extent that we have experienced in recent years,” Brower said.
Though Minnesota has among the lowest unemployment rates in the country, 3.7 percent in November, its economy still faces weaknesses, including a shortage of workers with in-demand skills such as manufacturing and construction.
Susan Brower
Senate DFLers and House Republicans on Thursday introduced a spate of bills to address workforce development. A DFL proposal in the Senate would provide free tuition at Minnesota community colleges or technical schools, a plan President Obama also proposed Friday nationwide. House Republicans meanwhile have made long-term care for the elderly a priority, proposing a loan forgiveness bill to boost the number of health care professionals in rural Minnesota.
Investing in education is a good start, Brower said.
For Minnesota to counteract the impact of the shrinking labor force, policymakers will have to figure out ways to produce existing goods and services more efficiently. They also will have to consider how to increase the value of goods Minnesota produces, they said.
“It's the difference between serving a hamburger or computing an actuarial table,” they said. “There's a very clear arrow back to investment in education.”
Minnesota can look to other economies that have undergone similar demographic shifts. Japan, for instance, is grappling with its aging population, lower birthrates and an economy that has struggled to take off, even with intervention by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Reforming immigration to allow for new international transplants may be the answer, Brower said. A report published last summer by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, which describes itself as a nonpartisan policy group on its website, made the case for loosening immigration laws.
“In a region suffering from population slow down, slow growth and aging, nothing compares to immigration in helping maintain the vitality of metro areas that are home to millions of residents,” the report said.
It's no surprise that Israeli companies are rocking the startup scene. The nation is now rated #1 outside the Silicon Valley for startups and is known for their innovative and trendy ideas. In recent years, there has been an increase in the diversity of entrepreneurs with more and more women taking on entrepreneurial challenges. These women are true pioneers in their industries and are sure to leave a substantial mark for future entrepreneurs.
Here are eight women that are rocking the Israeli startup scene.
Orly Izhaki: Co-founder & CEO, Wisestamp
As co-founder and CEO of Wisestamp, a marketing solution platform for small business and self-employed individuals, Orly Izhaki focuses on "simplifying complexity."  They are responsible for solving problems and overcoming obstacles that their customers face. Them goal is to help their customers experience rapid business growth by using Wisestamp tools and to continue finding solutions to their ongoing business struggles.
Wisestamp currently has more than 650,000,000 users and continues to grow at rapid rates. Their customers gain access to tools they need to run a successful business without having to pay enterprise business rates.
Angie Geffen: VP of Marketing, CodeFuel
With nearly twenty years of marketing experience behind her, Angie Geffen is a leading marketing expert. As VP of Marketing at CodeFuel, they are responsible for leading and managing marketing initiatives that drive CodeFuel to successfully meet its brand marketing, revenue, and product placement goals. Them executive responsibilities include strategic decision-making, marketing/communication management, brand marketing, partner/channel marketing, and product planning and development.
Code Fuel is an engagement and monetization suite that helps publishers create, distribute, and monetize content. It delivers content to the users at the right times to increase online conversions.
Sari Roth: CEO, Bontact
Israeli ultra-orthodox entrepreneur, Sari Roth, is co-founder of the startup, Bontact, an international communications solution vendor for businesses.  They are responsible for leading Bontact in their daily activities and making executive decisions about the company's future. Them drive and ambition took the company from an unknown startup to one of the leading communication companies worldwide.
Sari is solving a growing problem for businesses, a failing customer experience, by providing real-time conversation solutions for businesses' websites. Businesses install the Bontact widget on their website which connects with multiple communication platforms - Livechat, SMS messaging, or e-mail - and the customer gets to choose their communication preference.
Triinu Magi: Co-founder & CTO , Neura
Triinu is one of the pillars of the tech company,
, a leader in the Internet of Things trend. As one of the cofounders, they manage and leads technology ideas, trends and developments as the company's Chief Technology Officer. Them mission is to help lead Neura to deliver trustworthy data about customers by connecting businesses and customers with AI- driven technology.
Neura is focused on unlocking each user's personalized experience with a brand's product. Their customers gain real-time information about their customers' use, experience, and downfalls via artificial intelligence.
Roni Mizrahi: Head of Marketing, Duda
Roni is a marketing expert who is now Head of Marketing at Duda, a responsive website builder solution for businesses serving small businesses.  They are responsible for making strategic marketing decisions that drive results, identifying weaknesses and opportunities in the existing marketing strategy, and implementing solutions to fill those gaps. They lead Duda to marketing success with their belief in testing, analyzing, and revamping marketing strategies for better results.
Duda is a leading website development company that increases results with personalization tools and decreases normal development times. Customers can expect continuous access to the most up-to-date website technology.
Yael Wissner-Levy: Director of Strategic Communications, Lemonade, Inc.
Yael Wissner-Levy holds more than ten years of experience in the communication industry. They have written speeches and provided consultation to numerous political leaders and CEOS of multi-billion dollar corporations since 2010.  They are now helping to change the face of the insurance industry as the Director of Strategic Communications at Lemonade, the first peer to peer insurance company.
The insurance industry tends to get a bad rap for its high costs and poor customer service. Lemonade, Inc. is a change initiative currently available in New York. Their goal is to make insurance trustworthy and instantly available.
Shelly Hod Moyal & Mor Assia: Founding Partners of IAngels
Shelly and Mor co-founded the Israeli crowdfunding network, iAngels. The powerful duo took iAngels from startup to a top-tier startup investment firm in less than two years. They are responsible for raising capital to fund iAngels, recruiting new investors, and managing a growing team.
iAngels offers entrepreneurs ease in researching and finding funding for their startup. Entrepreneurs can engage and build strong relationships with investors around the globe - and they never have to leave their office.
Orna Berry: Chief Scientist Officer
Dr. Orna Berry was the first woman to serve as Chief Scientist and head of Research & development at the Israeli Ministry of Industry, Trade and Labour. They currently serve as the Corporate VP of Innovation for EMC Israeli Center of Excellence. They guide the Center of Excellence to identify and create innovative solutions for their customers.
The EMC promotes entrepreneurship with forward-thinking efforts. They help customers by identifying new trends early and turning it into value for their customers.
Johnson Meets Street
Mr. Johnson. You know the name. You probably know the face—smooth, implacable, professional. He's got the nuyen and resources you want, and they know it. They may not have your skills, but they don't care. That's what they have the nuyen for—so they can buy yours. He's corporate through and through, and you can't ever forget that, because if you do, that's when they sell you out for the good of their corp. But he'll stay professional, of course, right up until the moment they slide the knife smoothly into your back. He's useful, that Mr. Johnson, but every time you meet him, every time you have to deal with their double-crosses, their condescending put-downs, their smug superiority, you wish that the day would come when the tables were turned, when they were forced out on the street with nothing but their wits and street skills—whatever those might be—to keep them alive.
Well, good news. Sometimes wishes come true, even in the Sixth World. Mr. Johnson is about to meet the street, and you've got a ringside seat.
Nothing Personal is enhanced fiction for the Shadowrun universe, with game stats for some of the major characters included in the document or available at www.shadowruntabletop.com. The stats are for use with Shadowrun, Fifth Edition; the story is for everyone!
Note: There are three versions of this file included with purchase: a PDF, a mobie and an epub.
The Sins of a Solar Empire franchise is well-established at this point, and arguably the head of the pack in the 4x realtime sci-fi strategy niche. Two addon packs have already come and gone for this game, and now we're on to the third – Rebellion. It's an appropriate title, since the headlining draw of this stand-alone expansion principally shows up in the addition of six new rebel factions, two for each of the game's three already-established factions, along with some new hardware that suits each of their new divergent philosophies. Beyond the new entrants into the space-fray, there's also a slew of new ships and features to pull in both established Sins fans and potential ones. That's a tall order to fill considering how old the original game is by now – and if you want to know if Ironclad managed to pull it off, c'mon in. You may be surprised.
First, let's check out these new features. Already mentioned are the new Rebel factions, each coming with their own particular bonuses that reflect the in-character style of the side they represent. The Trader Emergency Coalition's Loyalists, for example, are isolationist compared to the more aggressively xenophobic rebels – so while TEC loyalists pick up some defensive bonuses (such as being able to build more defensive structures than normal), the TEC rebels gain the ability to spawn controllable pirate ships, and even ally with the normally business-only NPC pirates themselves. The factions themselves sound like small additions, and in a way they are – but at the same time, I really enjoyed the ability to pick a side that meshed the best with the way I wanted to play a given game, and each of the now-six factions certainly represent a nice diversity of gameplay styles. However, while the factions are new, don't expect any new campaign to explain their appearance – Rebellion adds no campaign to the mix.[singlepic id=7901 w=320 h=240 float=left]
The faction bonuses are just the beginning. After all, what 4x expansion would be complete without some new units to control and/or blow up? And that's where Rebellion really delivers: two brand-new classes of ship for all sides (the monstrous but slow-to-empower titans and the nimble, surgical-striking corvettes) and new capital ships for each race. The titans and corvettes also serve to further differentiate the factions from each other, as each of the two new classes of ships come in a single flavor per faction, and largely serve to augment the bonuses given for that particular play-style. The titans in particular feel and look distinct, and make an interesting pairing to the capital ships in terms of being the all-important units you base many of your major tactical maneuvers around.
There are some others nice, if arguably less-interesting added features – Steamworks integration topping the list at being a particular plus, since so many of us are now beholden to Valve's mighty digital beast – which also brings in Steam achievements, cloud saves, and smoother multiplayer options. New victory conditions have been introduced, for those of you who like to win in ways beyond the typically scorched-earth military and culture-swamping methods. The icing on the cake would be the expected balance upgrades, bug fixes, AI tweaks, along with some graphical upgrades. It's a nice package, and I'm sure longtime fans of the series are glad Sins of a Solar Empire is no longer a chess piece in the war between Steam and All The Other Services. (Well, I suppose it's more a chess piece that Valve has taken control of, but I digress.)[singlepic id=7902 w=320 h=240 float=right]
It's a nice pack of new features for a very solid, already-successful game. So the big question is: is it worth it? And that's where things get a little complex. It should go without saying that the core game is extremely solid – really, this is expansion pack three for the title, and you don't see expansion pack one without the game being solid enough to entice a fair share of very picky strategy game fans. There's certainly enough new content here to turn the heads of any x4 realtime-strategy lover – the ships and victory conditions alone would have been enough for a typical expansion pack. Ironclad also has a good reputation when it comes to maintaining, balancing and patching their games, so you get all these new features plus support from a dedicated developer. Really, everything inside the game itself deserves the sci-fi equivalent of a gold star being slapped onto it.
The only concern is the price. At $39.99 as of this review, Rebellion demands quite a sum for an expansion. Now, granted, it's a stand-alone expansion, rather than requiring the original game to work. But considering that the people most likely to be interested in picking up Rebellion are going to be those who have already played and enjoyed the original and the expansions, it seems a little steep. After all, if you already have the game, the “stand-alone” part is superfluous – you're paying 40 bucks for an expansion, period. That's quite a thing to swallow, at least for those of us who are budget conscious when it comes to our gaming hobby. I think what would be the dealbreaker for me is the previously mentioned lack of a singleplayer campaign – quite an oversight, considering the additions of the factions themselves. Really, the short flavor text for each of the six had me really wanting to see some of these splits showing up in the game proper.[singlepic id=7903 w=320 h=240 float=left]
Which puts me in a pretty awkward place to end this review on. Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion adds some nice features to a great, proven winner of a game. Those features are nice, but as nice as they are, I couldn't really see myself running out and throwing down forty bucks for this standalone expansion if I already owned the original Sins, to say nothing of its expansion packs. Not unless I was really, really desperate for some new content for Sins (and you know there are some fans like that out there.) And even as a brand-new player, 40 bucks for a game like this with no campaign is quite a lot to ask. So I end this review with the following judgment: the new features Rebellion offers are great and welcome. But if I already owned Sins and its expansions, I'd be waiting for this to go on sale. And if I didn't own Sins already and was interested in the game, I'd probably go pick up Trinity instead at half the price and, in comparison, probably more bang for the buck.
Those of you interested in Rebellion can check it out here on Steam. And if you need some more visuals to catch your interest, check out these fresh screenshots from the game itself.
*** Just after putting up this review, Spencer Scott of Stardock dropped by to kindly inform me that current owners of Sins of a Solar Empire are eligible for a 10$ discount on Rebellion. You'll notice that the price point of this stand-alone expansion was one of my major caveats regarding it, particularly with regards to strat gamers who already picked up the previous SoSE games. Well, a 10 buck discount goes a long way towards addressing that. Many thanks to Spencer for giving that heads-up – for you guys who are fans of the series, that should be welcome news. Nice to see the folks at Stardock and Ironclad keeping their long-standing fans in mind.
Victor Grunn has been a gamer since the days of single-button joysticks and the Atari 800XL. When not lamenting the loss of the Ultima series or setting people on fire in Team Fortress 2, he's an aspiring indie game developer and freelance writer.
"We think we have to have kind of a ... public-private option," an official said. | Getty Trump transition floats more private options for veterans' health care
Upping the ante on their calls to reform the veterans health care system, President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday convened a meeting to explore additional ways to enable veterans to obtain private medical treatment, a senior transition official told reporters.
Trump met with a group of private-sector health care executives, including Mayo Clinic chief executive John Noseworthy and Cleveland Clinic CEO Toby Cosgrove, who is considered a top contender to be the next secretary of Veterans Affairs.
The group discussed "how would you implement a program that could get vets the ability to go to any hospital that they wanted to go to," the transition official said.
"We think we have to have kind of a ... public-private option," the official added. "It's one of the options on the table."
In certain cases, the VA currently farms out medical treatment to the private sector, including for veterans waiting for appointments in the government-run system and those who have to travel significant distances to VA hospitals and clinics.
But some Republicans have pushed for a completely open system, commonly known as choice, while Democrats have said the move would effectively amount to privatizing a system that was designed to focus on the unique needs of military veterans.
Veterans organizations are also wary that Trump, and their eventual pick for VA secretary, could privatize the VA. A slew of those groups have pushed Trump to keep on the current secretary, Robert McDonald, arguing that reform efforts are only just bearing fruit.
Wind Farms Now Come With the Threat of Jail
One of Europe's most promising markets for renewable energy is being threatened by legislation that would impose new fees and potential jail terms for operators of wind farms, an industry lobby group said.
Poland's governing Law and Justice Party is proposing laws that would require new turbines to be situated away from homes, schools and natural reserves at a distance of more than 10-times their height. That would be about 1.5 kilometers (0.9 miles), according to data compiled by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. The law also would subject existing wind farms to audits every two years.
The law would raise annual wind farm costs by as much as 150 million zloties ($37.6 million) even if no more turbines were built, according to the draft legislation. While the government is attempting to clamp down on rising electricity bills and empower communities concerned about the installations, the wind industry says the rules would choke off development and eliminate a clean source of electricity.
Poland's plans “will tie projects up in red tape and make life difficult for developers by imposing arbitrary rules that serve no other purpose than to prevent wind turbine deployment,” said Oliver Joy, a spokesperson for the European Wind Energy Association.
“This draft law is a clear statement of intent and should not be allowed to stand.”
The government says it's worried a surge in new installations is creating a conflict between communities and investors. It's also seeking to curb subsidies for renewables and support its ailing coal industry, which has been undercut by falling commodity prices. While the country was among more than 195 nations that backed the Paris deal on climate change in December, it has sought a special status for coal and forecasts the fossil fuel will form a key component of its energy security for decades.
Full post
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/zbhZ
— The North Carolina Senate voted 32-16 Monday in favor of a measure that would triple the wait for women seeking abortions and impose other restrictions on the controversial procedure.
Before approving the bill, senators did soften one part of the bill that would have limited the number of doctors who can provide abortions.
The measure now returns to the House, laden with measures unrelated to abortion. In an effort to increase its appeal, senators added measures that would crack down on sex offenders who commit crimes in other states and move to North Carolina and would make it easier for women to seek legal protection from domestic violence.
But the centerpiece of the bill, and its most politically volatile element, remains abortion.
"We should not be in the business of making decisions for women," said Sen. Gladys Robinson, D-Guilford.
Under the bill, the time between when a woman seeking abortion first consults with a doctor and can legally have the procedure will move from 24 hours to 72 hours. The bill would also require doctors who perform an abortion when the fetus is more than 16 weeks old to transmit ultrasounds to the Department of Health and Human Services in Raleigh.
After last Thursday's debate on the bill, no proponent felt the need to debate the measure. Instead, opponents took turns blasting the measure before it passed.
Sen. Angela Bryant, D-Nash, said the measure appears to "oppress women" and said the waiting period does not serve a medical purpose.
"We continue to ignore the best way to do away with abortions, which is to provide comprehensive, contraceptive services," Bryant said.
Should it pass the House, the bill would once again put Gov. Pat McCrory in a tough spot. During a 2012 debate, McCrory pledged not to sign any measure further increasing access to abortion. In recent weeks, they have not said specifically whether they would sign or veto the bill or allow it to go into law without their signature.
"I'm going to let that process work out," McCrory said in recent comments to reporters, pointing to past objections about content in the bill. "It's very difficult for me to comment on bills that have yet to be passed."
Senators did make a few last-minute changes to the bill.
As it had been drafted, only doctors board certified as ob-gyns would be able to provide abortions. That would have left roughly 40 of North Carolina's 100 counties without a doctor who could provide the service. Senators changed that language to require a doctor be "sufficiently trained" based on existing medical standards to deal with complications from abortions.
Senators rejected a measure that would have forbidden the Division of Adult Corrections from shackling women who are in labor. Sen. Tom Apodaca, R-Henderson, said that eschewing shackles was already agency policy and therefore unneeded.
For those of you wondering how the Obama ascendancy is playing out in Small Town America, I offer you this column from the Independent, a weekly newspaper published on the East End of Long Island by Jerry Della Femina, the former advertising executive turned restaurateur and columnist. This particular piece was written by Rick Murphy under their weekly "Low Tidings" column. Murphy is also credited as a publisher of the Independent.
This article has caused quite a stir in East Hampton and beyond. So much so that the paper has pulled it from their website and Murphy, a regular antagonist of the Democratic Party, both locally and nationally, and the Clintons in particular, has replaced it with a brief apology. The Independent is considered the more right-leaning and Republican-endorsing paper of the East End community. Della Femina themselves is regarded as one of the great Hillary-Haters in all of the world.
On the heels of Barack Obama being endorsed for the presidency by the normally close-to-the-vest Caroline Kennedy, whose invocation of their father's enduring legacy carries, in some people's hearts and minds, more weight than any ten such endorsements by others, please read what the local Republicans in my home town are thinking, and publishing, about Senator Obama. This is, quite clearly, not to be believed.
Melina Mara/The Washington Post
One of the main themes of coverage of the 2016 election has been that the American public hate both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and are trying to figure out which is the lesser of two evils. But that may no longer be true.
If a round of recent polls is correct, Hillary Clinton is consolidating support among Democrats in general, young people, Latinos — in short, all the groups they need to win, but who at various points in the campaign weren't yet behind them in as large numbers as they might have been.
They may not wind up as the most beloved presidential candidate in memory, but she's beginning to look much like other recent Democratic nominees — which would be more than enough for them to win. I'll explain why I think this has happened in a moment, but let's do a quick run-down first:
Democrats: In recent elections, both nominees have had overwhelming support among their partisans. But since there are slightly more Democrats than Republicans, if both do equally well, then the Democrat wins. For example, in 2012 Barack Obama won 92 percent of Democratic votes and Mitt Romney won 93 percent of Republicans; in 2008 Obama got 89 percent of their partisans and John McCain got 90 percent of his. You'll recall who won those two elections.
Clinton is fast approaching a comparable level, while Trump trails slightly behind. In the latest ABC News poll, Clinton wins 89 percent of Democrats and Trump has 82 percent of Republicans. The latest Democracy Corps poll gives Clinton 90 percent of Democrats and Trump 86 percent of Republicans. A CNN poll shows Clinton with 91 percent of Democrats and Trump with 90 percent of Republicans. The latest Politico/Morning Consult poll gives Clinton 86 percent of Democrats and Trump 82 percent of Republicans.
So despite fears that large numbers of Bernie Sanders supporters might defect to Jill Stein or not vote, Clinton just needs to pick up a few Democratic stragglers, and she'll have the party as unified behind them as they need.
Young people: For many months, this was a major area of concern for Clinton. But a large new survey from GenForward and the Black Youth Project shows Clinton winning 60 percent of voters under 30 — exactly the same number Obama won four years ago (though they do slightly better among young whites and slightly worse among young voters of color). Other polls have shown similar results. As Jeff Stein wrote yesterday, “there's very strong evidence that their support with millennials has increased at a much faster clip than it has with the rest of the voting public — particularly in the wake of the presidential debates.”
Latinos: Numerous analysts argued before the election began that if the Republican nominee couldn't reach 40 percent of the Latino vote, it would be nearly impossible for them to win. In 2008, Obama beat Romney among Latinos by 44 points, and right now Clinton is doing even better. The latest Latino Decisions tracking poll shows Clinton crushing Trump by 53 points, while an NBC/Wall Street Journal/Telemundo poll showed them leading by 50.
Another data point: as Greg points out, the number of Clinton voters who say they are voting for them as opposed to against Trump has been rising, while the lower number of Trump voters who say they are voting affirmatively for them has stayed flat. As 538's Harry Enten observes, the latest numbers on this question put them at levels of enthusiasm that are about in the middle of the pack for a Democrat: lower than Obama was, and slightly behind their husband, but better than Democrats who lost, like John Kerry, Michael Dukakis, and Walter Mondale. So the idea that Democrats are just holding their nose and voting for them is no longer true, if it ever was.
Why is it that Democrats in general and particular Democratic constituencies seem to be coming home to Clinton? The answer may lie in the process of going through a presidential campaign — not just them going through it, but voters going through it as well.
First, even many Republicans would acknowledge that Clinton has performed extremely well in this race. They may make a minor “gaffe” here or there (as all candidates do, even the most skilled), but they haven't had any significant screw-ups. They put on a terrific convention, and emphatically won all three debates. Them strategic decisions seem to have been quite sound. They built an efficient and effective campaign organization that has outperformed their opponent's in every way — from the quality of its ads to its fundraising to its ground operation. She's been disciplined and persistent, qualities they always had but which are serving them particularly well right now.
But there's a more significant dynamic at work. The process of the campaign will tend to bring partisans home to their candidate even if all that weren't true, just as it pushes members of the other party away. Clinton has often noted that when she's doing a job, like senator or secretary of state, she's been extremely popular; it's when she's seeking a job that their approval ratings go down. That's partly simple sexism — many people still have a negative reaction to a woman displaying ambition — but it's also because it puts them into a partisan context.
When she's running for something, she's not representing constituents or the country; she's opposing a Republican and trying to accrue power for Democrats, which inevitably makes Republicans turn against them It also means that she'll be the focus of lots of criticism from conservatives in the media, which reminds rank-and-file Republicans that they're supposed to dislike and fear them That means that any Republican-leaning person who might have said they were doing a good job as secretary of state now won't have anything positive to say about them
But there's another side to that equation, which is that putting them in a partisan context will lead Democrats to line up behind them Just as conservatives hear the political and media figures they trust telling them all the reasons why she's awful, liberals will hear their own trusted sources telling them all the reasons she's terrific.
Democrats have also found themselves arguing in Clinton's favor, and that's a process in which you convince yourself as much as you try to convince the person you're arguing with. You examine their arguments, come up with reasons why they're wrong and you're right, and generally organize your thinking into coherence, in a way that can solidify your pre-existing views and resolve whatever ambivalence you had. This can happen even if you're not actually talking with someone in person — you might be doing it over social media, or maybe just in your own head as you watch the news. When you hear Donald Trump say that Clinton should be in jail and say to yourself, “Come on, that's ridiculous,” you're engaging in a process of self-persuasion.
Put all that together, and it may have been almost inevitable that Democrats would come home to Clinton by the time election day came. Yes, she's running against an unusually repellent opponent. But you can't say anymore that Americans can't stand Hillary Clinton either.
Google Takeout, the recently launched “data liberation” service that lets you export files, photos and data from Google services like Picasa and Buzz, now includes support for Google Voice.
With the update, users of Google's Internet-telephony service Google Voice are able to export call history, voicemail messages, greetings, call recordings, phone numbers and text messages.
For many users, Google Voice is a repository of data as critical to your work or business as email messages, contact info or calendar appointments. So to be absolutely certain that this data is securely backed up and archived, the Google Voice “takeout” feature will certainly come in handy.
Voicemails and greetings are exported as MP3s, text messages are in microformatted HTML and phone numbers are available as vcards, which could then be imported into other contact systems.
The announcement was made via this cutesy video (below), picturing Google engineers as members of an organization known as the “Data Liberation Front,” dedicated to making your data accessible and exportable – that is, “liberated.”
Despite its silly nature, don't be fooled into thinking that Google Takeout is some sort of side project for Google. It's a key effort on its part to differentiate its offering from the walled garden that is Facebook.
Although Facebook introduced a way for you to download your information last fall, it comes in a unwieldy zip file that most users don't know what to do with, and other services don't support. In other words, it's your data, but it's basically useless. Google, meanwhile, makes sure your data is available in standard formats for import into other programs and services. Google Voice export is just the latest example of this core philosophy.
Through six games, the Washington Wizards have combined to play at times extremely well and at times extremely awful. SAME AS IT EVER WAS.
The Wizards combined for 50 turnovers against the Celtics and Hawks this week, and while the Celtics game was never really competitive, DC cost themselves a major chance at a big road win in Atlanta with a slew of unforced errors.
But let's do our best to forget all that, because their win over the San Antonio Spurs was one of the very best of the Randy Wittman Era. Bradley Beal‘s game-winning 3-pointer will be the shining light that carries us through the darkest times in our lives, or something.
Let's grade.
John Wall: 16.3 PPG (36.7 FG%), 3.0 RPG, 11.0 APG, 3.0 SPG, 1.7 BPG
John Wall has been such a vicious killing machine for the last three seasons or so, that it's always a shock when Bad John Wall shows up. And yes, there is a Bad John Wall, as obscure and unwelcome as they may be: when Wall ratchets the speed of their game up from “very fast” to “way, way too fast,” and rushes every decision.
Most players and coaches extol the virtues of letting the game come to you, but that's never been John's style – he's always been partial to grabbing the game by the scruff of its neck and dragging it along at their pace.
Against Boston and Atlanta, we saw that that approach can backfire: 15 turnovers between the two games, and Wall's head-scratching decisions down the stretch of the Hawks game helped the Washington Wizards give a potential win away.
Grade: C
Bradley Beal: 20.0 PPG (51.0 FG%), 5.3 RPG, 4.0 APG, 1.3 SPG
The Bradley Beal Renaissance began on January 7, 2013, when Beal lifted a massively shorthanded, 5-28 Washington Wizards team over the Oklahoma City Thunder with five 3-pointers and a last-second leaner. That was the moment when Beal went from a struggling rookie trying to find their NBA legs and their NBA rhythm to potential star with some true confidence.
The second chapter of the Bradley Beal Renaissance began on November 4, 2015, when Beal stepped on the five-time NBA Champion San Antonio Spurs' necks with 25 points, and shook LaMarcus Aldridge into the fifth row before their game-winning dagger 3-pointer – showing no emotion other than increasingly less and less quiet confidence all the way through.
That was the moment when Beal went from ascending to ascend.
Let's just hope their shoulder is OK.
Grade: A
Otto Porter: 17.0 PPG (66.7 FG%), 2.0 RPG, 2.0 APG
The current status of the 2015-16 Washington Wizards (especially subject to change, considering only six regular season games have been played): three great players, and a bunch of dudes I don't really trust yet. What does that remind you of?
Otto Porter is the Caron Butler of this particular Wizards Big Three. Too bad “Tuff Juice” is taken. Besides, Otto is less of a “Tuff Juice” and more of a Shelob, the evil, deadly spider from Mordor in Lord of the Rings.
Otto Porter has many long limbs and a lot of venom. The 3-point shooting finally showed up as well this week, as they went 3-5 from beyond the arc on their way to a career-high 23 points against Atlanta. The kid can take over games.
Grade: B+
Kris Humphries: 8.3 PPG (40.9 FG%), 6.0 RPG
So far we've seen Kris Humphries hold steady at about 20-25 minutes a game, while the 3-point attempts have started to play a factor: they went from zero attempts against the Knicks, to 13 in the three games this week combined, making five of them.
Kris Humpthrees is nothing if not steady, and they know their role out there. It's just a shame that the Washington Wizards have had to force them into this role – you don't sign Kris Humphries to make them shoot threes, you sign Kris Humphries to let them grab rebounds and hit midrange jumpers.
They can still do those things, but the fact that this is DC's #1 option at the stretch 4 still gives me pause.
Grade: C+
Marcin Gortat: 10.0 PPG (50.0 FG%), 8.7 RPG, 2.3 APG, 1.0 SPG, 1.3 BPG
It's gonna really get boring if I just continue to use this space to holler about Marcin Gortat not getting enough touches in the pick-and-roll every single week until the heat death of the universe. It's incredibly frustrating to watch, but I'll swallow my tongue and find different things to talk about.
Like… the Polish Machine's always-excellent defense, which has looked better than ever in the early goings of the season. So far, opponents are shooting 15.5% below their season averages around the basket against GTFOrtat.
He's a fine post defender, and drivers have immense trouble getting around Gortat's great combination of size, mobility, positioning and smarts.
Grade: B
Abstract:
Presentation summarizing the phase I study of the NASA N3-X turboelectric distributed propulsion power aircraft to the IMechE Disruptive Green Propulsion Technologies conference in London, UK November 16th and 17th, 2014. This presentation contains the results of a NASA internal study funded by the NASA Fixed Wing program to look at the application of turboelectric distributed propulsion to a long-range 300 seat aircraft. The reference aircraft is the Boeing 777-200LR. The N3-X reduced energy consumption by 70 compared to the 777-200LR, LTO NOx by 85 compared to the CAEP 6 limits, and noise by 32-64 EPNdB depending on engine placement compared to the stage 4 noise standards. This exceeded the N+3 metrics of reducing energy by 60, LTO NOx by 80, and noise by 52 EPNdB. Cruise NOx was not estimated, but likely meet the 80 reduction goal as well.
Two days ago we reported that according to the new Chief Restructuring Officer of America's "first national supermarket chain", Great Atlantic & Pacific, also known as A&P, Superfresh and Pathmark supermarkets, which just filed its second chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 5 years, it did so for one main reason: unions, and specifically legacy Collective Bargaining Agreements which made profitability for the (heavily levered) company impossible.
While that argument is debatable, and as we said "if it wasn't for unions, it would be something else, like loading up on massive amounts of debt to repay Yucaipa's equity investment, which would then be unsustainable once rates rose and once interest expense became so high it soaked up all the company's cash flow" one thing that is absolutely certain is that what A&P just did is a flashback to what Twinkies' maker Hostess itself did as part of its November 2012 Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation.
Then, too, the company sought to crush labor unions who "refused to negotiate in good faith", and as a result the company went bankrupt, thereby ending all of its legacy labor agreements once and for all.
Sure enough, freed of its cash-draining labor obligations, Hostess suddenly became a very attractive target and not only did it survive but it fourished when in 2013 Private Equity titan Apollo Global Management and billionaire investor C. Dean Metropoulos acquired the maker of Twinkies from liquidation.
Very shortly thereafter, the equity investors did everything they could to reward themselves for an investment in the new labor union-free company, which was quite viable as a standalone entity because demand for its products was as high as ever (the US will never have a problem with lack of obesity) and tried first to sell the company and then to take it public. They were unable to do achieve either, so they decided to take a third route, one which takes advantage of the unprecedented debt bubble.
As Bloomberg reports, "Hostess is selling $1.23 billion of term loans. Of that, $905 million will be used to pay a dividend to its shareholders, according to Standard & Poor's. That's more than double what they paid for the business."
Translated: after investing $410 million in March 2013, two billionaires are about to make a $500 million return an investment they have held just over two years, with the blessing of a whole lot of debt investors. And all they had to do was pick up the carcass of a company which did nothing more than crush its unions.
Somewhat snydely, we hope, Bloomberg adds that "the deal is just the latest example of how record-low borrowing costs from the Federal Reserve are encouraging risky companies to add cheap debt -- sometimes to enrich private-equity firms -- as investors clamor for yield."
Not sometimes: every time there is a bond bubble resulting from years of ruinous monetary policy and cheap rates, it is the equity backers who are left with all the profits. In this case, Apollo and Metropolous will make a more than 100% return over a holding period of less than two years.
They are not alone: "So-called dividend deals reached almost $16 billion in the second quarter, the most in a year, according to Bloomberg data. The downside of the loans is they can increase a borrower's risk of default by piling on debt, without any of the cash going to improving operations or boosting revenues."
“Dividends aren't designed to create value for the company,” Moody's Investors Service analyst Brian Weddington said by phone. “This is a return of capital and profits to the founding investors.”
No, the value for the company, its equity sponsors will claim, came from their involvement, and indeed company operations did pick up modestly:
Business at Hostess has improved since the buyout. Earnings have increased “substantially,” said S&P's Chiem. Revenue has risen to more than $600 million, and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to nearly $200 million, according to S&P. The snack business was able to cut costs by storing its products in a warehouse rather than delivering them directly to stores from where they're made, according to Chiem.
Happy with their achievement, which was only made possible as a result of the unbundling of the underlying business from its labor union ties, barely one year after their involvement, the billionaire owners sought to capitalize on their investment and Hostess began considering a sale last year, with sources saying in November that the business could fetch as much as $1.6 billion.
The sale process went nowhere, as did a subsequent attempt to take Hostess public.
So, why not follow the path of the least resistance, and present credit investors using "other people's money" with the chance to repay them. This is precisely what they did about to happen courtesy of Credit Suisse which is the lead underwriter on the new debt financing.
Credit Suisse is leading the financing, which consists of an $825 million first-lien loan and a $400 million second-lien offering, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. It has asked investors to commit by July 30.
But don't say the new creditors, secured by a whole lot of Twinkies and Ho-Hos in company inventory, did not put up a fight demanding fair terms: "At a July 16 meeting held at Credit Suisse Group AG's New York offices, potential investors were offered treats including Hostess orange cupcakes, according to three people with knowledge of the meeting. They were also offered an interest rate of as high as 7.75 percentage points" above LIBOR.
End result: a company that went from 2x EBITDA leverage to an eye-popping 6x!
For Hostess, the deal will triple debt levels to about six times a measure of earnings, according to an S&P report this month. Regulators including the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said in their 2013 leveraged lending guidance that debt levels exceeding six times raise concern as they seek to curb risky underwriting.
The irony is that Apollo would have pulled out even more cash if there wasn't a leverage cap. Still, even with "only" 6 turns of EBITDA in debt, most know how this deal will end:
The dividend demonstrates “a very aggressive financial policy,” S&P analyst Bea Chiem said in the report. The credit grader is keeping Hostess's corporate rating at B, or five levels below investment-grade, on the view that the baker's operating performance will continue improving. The junior-ranked loan being marketed is rated CCC+, or seven levels below investment grade.
In short: we give Hostess about 1-2 years before it files Chapter 33: it is third bankruptcy a first one in 2004 and the second one in 2012.
Only this time there will be no unions left to blame: it will be all about the insurmountable leverage, and the rapacious greed of its PE sponsors to strip the company of all pledgeable assets and extract as much cash as possible in the shortest possible time, while layering what the IMF would clearly dub is insurmountable debt.
But before you blame them, blame the creditors who made it possible: all those "investors" who were tempted with "Hostess orange cupcakes" to dump billions of other people's money entrusted to then, just so they could generate a modest return.
And before you blame these individuals who are merely looking after their year-end bonus which is contingent on beating some risk (or rather return)-free benchmark, blame the Fed whose 7 years of ZIRP has made this kind of asset strip-mining not only possible but an acceptable, daily occurrence.
Because the end result is clear: after the unions were crushed, and Hostess emerged with a clean balance sheet, the fact that it already has 6x debt guarantees it will be bankrupt once again. The only question is when.
The losers will be the thousands of non-unionized full and part-time workers at the company.
The only winners: the billionaire investors who are about to get even richer thanks to none other than the Federal Reserve and an entire world filled with lunatic central bankers who have clearly taken over the asylum.
Margaret Thatcher famously said that “the greatest economic benefits of scientific research have always resulted from advances in fundamental knowledge rather than the search for specific applications.” They aren't alone in recognizing this, even among conservatives: In the early 2000s Newt Gingrich advocated doubling federal investments in basic scientific research, something which ultimately was achieved under a Republican-led house in 2010.
The Harper Conservatives don't appear to be cut from the same cloth. Over the last seven years, our federal government has directed funding away from basic science toward industry-led research programs, and clashed publicly with the scientific community on issues ranging from censorship to laboratory closures. In 2014, Industry Canada's innovation strategy, which was opened to public consultation, promised more of the same approach.
Industry Canada has recognized that — despite an outstanding pool of available Canadian scientists — businesses are not successfully directing that talent toward industrial innovation. This problem and the solutions proposed within the public consultation document are generally the same ones identified seven years ago in the previous science strategy. Considering the government implemented sweeping policy changes over that period, perhaps their approach to innovation just isn't working.
In the global context, it certainly appears that Canada was better positioned for innovation before the arrival of the Harper government. The World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Reports measure a country's ability to provide a fertile ground for innovation. Canada was in the top ten of most categories in 2001 — and in third place in the overall measure of ‘Growth Competitive Index'. In the past few years we've slid out of the top ten and, in specific categories like ‘Quality of Scientific Research Institutions', have seen a freefall from fourth place in 2008 to 16th in 2013. To make matters worse, last year we were ranked 27th for our ‘Capacity for Innovation'. By international standards, we're increasingly failing to foster that fertile environment for innovation.
Betting on business as the primary driver of innovation puts the cart before the horse. Many of the great innovations of the 20th and 21st century happened in the pursuit of basic science.
One might blame our science and innovation performance on sluggish federal spending following the economic crisis. When measured as a percentage of the GDP, Canada certainly hasn't kept pace with many of the other 34 OECD countries since 2007. Still, the billions of dollars in federal R&D funding remains a large investment — so the problem must lie with where we're spending that money.
Since 2007 the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) has eliminated key supports for basic research, such as the Major Resources Support and Research Tools and Instruments grants, and instead funds business through grants like the Industrial Research Assistance Program. It also spent money on assisting companies in finding graduate students for internships, rather than providing basic scholarships for young scientists to set up research programs. The success rate of the NSERC Post-Doctoral Fellowships program plummeted from over 30 per cent in the early 2000s to less than 10 per cent in 2013.
Betting on business as the primary driver of innovation puts the cart before the horse. Many of the great innovations of the 20th and 21st century happened in the pursuit of basic science. Think of nuclear energy, high-field superconductors, the Internet, the structure of DNA and — most recently — the production of graphene. Only in the later stages of development were these discoveries harnessed by industry. While encouraging research and development within existing industries and creating networks between private businesses and public scientific institutes does have great value, it's less likely to result in great innovations. Which is why China has doubled the number of its universities over the last ten years to develop the creative capacity to spark new industries, rather than add to existing ones.
We need stronger investment in basic science to spur innovation in Canada. Even the modest increases in higher education spending announced in the 2014 federal budget amounted to less over the next two years than what was allocated to direct investment in automotive innovation. The approximately $50 million allocated to the tri-council funding agencies barely covers inflation, and the $1.5 billion in new grants over the next ten years is still ephemeral money (and won't even be spent this year).
Improve business-led R&D, by all means — but not at the expense of fundamental research in universities and government laboratories. If we don't lead in basic science, we will continue to slip backwards on innovation.
Dak T. de Kerckhove is a PhD student at the University of Toronto and a fisheries biologist.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Coming Soon
Rudy Ray Moore
When Hollywood shut them out in the 1970s, multi-talented Rudy Ray Moore created their own work, including the well-known blaxploitation film, "Dolemite."
Yankee
A young man from Texas crosses the border into Mexico and becomes an infamous drug lord.
Hit and Run
In this political espionage thriller series, a man's life is turned upside down when their wife is killed in a mysterious hit-and-run accident.
Dead to Me
A powerful friendship blossoms between a tightly wound widow and a free spirit with a shocking secret in this darkly comic series.
Girl
Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as they prepare for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story.
Followers
After an aspiring actor hits it big thanks to a candid Instagram, their life intersects with many other Tokyo women as they follow their dreams.
THE STRANGER
Secrets, violence and a conspiracy send family man Adam Price on a desperate quest to uncover the truth about the people closest to him.
Tuca & Bertie
Two bird women -- a carefree toucan and an anxious songbird -- live in the same apartment building and share their lives in this animated comedy.
Ron Baker has a good idea why he's a Knick and Chasson Randle is in the D-League, lighting it up with Westchester. Coach Jeff Hornacek sees themselves in Baker, the undrafted 23-year-old rookie from tiny Scott City, Kansas.
As Derrick Rose wallows in back misery, Baker has stepped into the limelight as the Knicks' backup point guard after earning cult status in their four years at mid-major power Wichita State. When Hornacek informed Baker they had made the team out of training camp over the injured Randle, the coach brought up their commonalities, starting with both playing four years of college ball.
“Our stories are very similar,'' Baker told The Post. “I tell people we're very similar and I'm their doppelganger.''
Baker has a quirky sense of humor, but he's not far off. Baker believes they and their coach are cut from the same cloth. Hornacek came out of Iowa State 30 years ago, selected 46th overall in the second round by Phoenix. They turned into an NBA All-Star and a Jazz legend.
“Obviously I grew up hearing about him, though I didn't see them play a lot,'' Baker said. “At my [pre-draft] workout in Salt Lake, I saw their name in the rafters. We're very similar. Some of the things they harp on in practice, I really catch on [to] and understand how they coach.”
Similar to Hornacek's team success at Iowa State (two straight NCAA Tournament berths for the first time in school history), Baker won 83 percent of their games with the Shockers. The mid-major made a Final Four, a Sweet 16 and had another season when it was 35-0 before Kentucky knocked it off in a second-round thriller.
“When we sat down with Phil [Jackson] to let me know I made the roster, they said some things I need to improve on were the same things they needed to when they got in the league,'' said Baker. “He kind of compared us. They said I was a better shooter than they were [out of college], but they made the relationship.''
Baker had a pre-draft workout with the Knicks and thought they'd buy a late second-round pick. But when the cost rose to $2 million, Jackson gambled Baker would fall out of the draft. According to Baker, the Knicks were the first to call, but the Nets, Bulls and Cavaliers also offered them a partial guarantee and invitation to summer league.
“New York was one of the first teams to get a hold of my agent [Aaron Mintz],'' Baker said. “I thought that was very important. But New York had all those roster spots. Nine of them. [Mintz] told me straight up it was the best place for me to succeed in the league. So far he's proven their point. I'm not here to prove teams wrong. I found one team that loves me and I love the way we handle business here.''
With Rose's uncertain health, Baker's role has been attached to a smattering of controversy because of Randle — who remains an option for the Knicks to sign and who has scored 38 and 36 points in back-to-back D-League games. However, Baker showed glimmers on last week's trip.
They were their best performer in Golden State (career-high 13 points, 6-of-7 shooting). In Phoenix, Baker spearheaded a defense that led the Knicks back from 12 points down after three quarters — even if Hornacek went a couple of minutes too long with them in the OT loss.
“We know he's a good player,'' Hornacek said. “He can run the offense. Not the prototypical point guard. But you saw the other night at Golden State, you wouldn't think they could keep guys in front of him, but they do a very good job at that — with their size and strength.”
Footage showing a strange object streaking across the sky beneath a jet plane has emerged, prompting questions about what the other aircraft could be.
Filmed a few years ago but released this week, the video - which was uploaded to YouTube - shows the view outside the left side of a carrier aircraft with the wing in sight.
Posted by Finding UFO, a group whose aim is to spot unidentified flying objects across Australia, the footage shows a small white disc zooming across the sky in the blink of an eye through the airspace above Canberra.
Scroll down for video
Footage has emerged showing a strange object streaking across the sky above Canberra
Entering from the left hand side of the screen the object appears to be travelling at great speed as it streaks past along the clouds.
It then seems to transit beneath the plane and out of sight
'An unidentified flying object was caught on camera from an airplane near Canberra, Australia on April 04, 2012,' the video's description reads.
Appearing on the left hand side of the plane the object appears to be travelling at great speed
It then disappears under the plane and out of sight, and does not look to be another plane or helicopter
'It was filmed by a passenger.
'The UFO was flying very fast below the Aircraft. It doesn't look like a normal plane or helicopter but it looks like a flying saucer.'
It is unclear why the passenger on the plane was filming out the aircraft's window, but commenters on the video have backed the legitimacy of the footage.
Finding UFO have uploaded many similar videos over the past few years, purporting to show UFOs in various destinations around the world including Melbourne, Hong Kong, Hamburg, Brazil, and Chile.
The city of Minneapolis will pay $3 million to settle a lawsuit filed by the family of David Smith, who died after an altercation with police in September 2010.
Smith, 28, died about a week after officers struggled with them at the downtown Minneapolis YMCA. Police officers used a Taser on Smith, placed them on their stomach and put their knees on their back to restrain him.
Smith's family will receive $1.1 million, while their attorneys, the Minneapolis firm of Gaskins Bennett Birrell & Schupp, will receive $1.975 million in fees.
Then-Police Chief Timothy Dolan said the two officers who used a Taser on Smith appeared to have followed proper protocol and policies.
In a written statement Friday, current Chief Janee Harteau expressed their sympathy to Smith's family, but added, “The unfortunate reality is that in any situation where police must restrain someone, there can be unintended results.”
City Attorney Susan Segal said in a written statement that the city agreed to the settlement as the plaintiffs' legal costs rose — expenses the city would have been required to pay upon losing in court.
Haxe NME is a very powerful open source game and app development platform written in haxe programming language. It can be used for mobile game and app development both but it is more popular for mobile game development.
Advantages
It has a syntax similar to flash. So a lot of flash code can easily be ported on this platform. It can cross compile to many platforms including Android, iOS (iPhone and iPad), Blackberry, Flash, HTML5. So its easier to maintain game main logic by keeping it in one code base. It crosses compiles to C (Objective C for iOS) for mobile native apps. That makes the apps perform faster and game size smaller. There is no overhead of interpreter code in the binary. Many other cross platform tools use interpreter based approach. The compiling to Flash is a great feature. Flash may not be as popular as mobile these days, but it gives you an extra distribution channel with single code base. It also supports integrating current flash native code. This may be useful for integrating flash ads API (e.g. Mochi Media and MindJolt API) It is open source. So extending it is a possibility. You dont have to depend upon the release cycles of the platform developer which can be big problem for proprietary platforms. There is a good size community using it. It is not hugely popular but it has potential to be the best platform for 2D game development for mobile.
Disadvantages
It is hard to find third party tools for haxe nme. But since it is open source, you can write it yourself. Many times you find something written by community. Sometimes the community written libraries are not that stable but it is better than nothing. And moreover you can fix them as its open source. It does not have too much support for 3D games. I think it is best suited for 2D games. For 3D it may be better to look at alternatives like Unity3D or Unreal game engine.
Haxe have lots of libraries available written by community. It may be a good idea to see if the project you are working on can reuse some of these. This can be a big time saver. You can join NME mailing list and Haxe mailing lists for regular updates on what is happening in these platforms.
Many accolades surround the life and actions of Carlos Monzón, the third best middleweight of all time, wife beater and murderer being just three. The Argentine boxing legend led a roller coaster existence parallel in recent years by other boxers – most notably Edwin Valero.
Born into intense poverty in San Javier, Argentina Monzón was discovered hanging around the famed Luna Park by trainer Amilcar Brusa. Monzón shocked the boxing world when they won the World Middleweight championship from Nino Benvenuti. At this time Monzón was virtually unknown outside of Argentina.
While their boxing career went from strength to strength – they knocked up a career record of 100 fights, 89 wins, 59 wins by KO, only 3 losses and 9 draws. Monzón's darker side began to surface – the first real hint came in 1973 when they were shot in the leg by their wife. Then (while they were still married) they began a relationship with the actor Susana Giménez, and was accordingly hounded by the paparazzi. Monzón even starred in nine feature films with Giménez – including the no doubt forgettable but wonderfully titled ‘El Macho'. Rumours of domestic abuse circled and evident bruises to the face of Giménez did little to stem the interest. The Paparazzi themselves suffered – several were hospitalised at the hands of Monzón.
As a backdrop to this turmoil, Monzón actually had some of their most defining fights – the two 1976 clashes with fellow Middleweight champion Rodrigo Valdez show just what a great Monzón was – see this excerpt from their second fight:
Retirement saw the violence once again turn from the ring to those around Monzón. After remarrying and again facing likely rumours of continued domestic assault, Monzón took things further. In 1988, they allegedly beat their wife Alicia Muñiz so many times that she, scared and bloody, ran to the balcony of their second floor apartment. According to the investigation performed later, they followed their there, grabbed them by the neck, and then picked them up and pushed them off the balcony, to their death, after which they followed them in the fall injuring a shoulder.
The final act in their spirraling life came in 1995 when on a weekend furlong from prison Monzón car sped out of control and they crashed near the prison grounds, dying instantly. Monzón is buried at Cementerio Municipal de Sante, in Santa Fe, Argentina. A life-size figure of Monzon, wearing their championship belt, with their hands raised in victory, stands atop their grave
Advertisements
Now, I know what you're all thinking: The Battle for Mewni was pretty great-and it was! But what a lot of people don't know is that the Battle for Mewni was originally conceived as a musical! Fortunately, the musical accompaniment still exists, and through arduous work I've been able to stitch together a convincing simile of one of the most important scenes as originally envisioned: La Resistance
(This is without a doubt the most work I've ever put into an exceedingly dumb and inappropriate joke, fair warning)
(Be sure to listen along for maximum ‘enjoyment' (Warning-NSFW))
[RUBERIOT]
God has smiled upon you this day.
The fate of a nation, in your hands!
And blessed be the children, who fight with all our bravery
‘Til only the righteous stand.
[RUBERIOT]
You see the distant flames,
They bellow in the night!
You fight in all our names, for what we know is right.
And when you all get shot,
And cannot carry on
Though you die, La Resistance lives on!
[ALL:]
You may get stabbed in the head
With a dagger or a sword.
You may be burned to death,
Or skinned alive, or worse.
But when they torture you
You will feel no need to run For,
Though you die, La Resistance lives on!
[CROWD:]
Blame the Butterflies!
Blame the Butterflies!
[LUDO:]
Because the country's gone awry
Tomorrow night, those freaks will fry!
[CHOIR:]
Tomorrow night,
Our lives will change!
Tomorrow night,
We'll be entertained!
An execution,
What a sight!
Tomorrow night!
[TOFFEE:]
Up there there is so much room,
Where babies burp and flowers bloom
Tomorrow night up there is doomed,
And so I will be going soon!
[MARCO AND KING RIVER:]
Shut your [CENSORED] face, Uncle [CENSORED]!
You're a [CENSORED]-biting [CENSORED], Uncle [CENSORED]!
[MARCO:]
Looks like we may be out of luck!
[RIVER:]
Tomorrow night, we're pretty [CENSORED]!
[STAR:]
Why did Toffee start this war?
What the [CENSORED] is their finger for?
When did this song become a marathon?
[TOFFEE:]
I want to be,
Up,
Theeeere,
[LUDO:]
When the Butterflies are dead and gone
There'll be no more Celine Dion!
[LA RESISTANCE:]
They may cut your [CENSORED] in half,
And serve it to a pig
And though it hurts, you'll laugh
And dance a [CENSORED]less jig.
But that's the way it goes,
In war you're shat upon!
Though we die,
La Resistance,
Lives oooooonnnnn!
[TOFFEE:]
I want to be,
Up,
Theeeere!
[CROWD:]
Blame the Butterflies!
Blame the Butterflies!
Blame the Butterflies!
How to get people interested in art? How to engage millennials? How to expose permanent-collection works that sit in storage? These are questions art museums constantly ponder.
Recently, Tate Britain asked another one: How can artificial intelligence help?
It put the question to anyone who wanted to compete for the 2016 IK Prize, which promotes the use of digital technology in the exploration of art at Tate Britain or on the Tate website.
“A.I. was chosen as the theme this year because getting machines to do what humans can do is one of the most exciting frontiers in technology,” said Tony Guillan, a multimedia producer for Tate who manages the prize, which is named for the philanthropist Irene Kreitman. “Is there anything more human than looking at art?”
I was always a great fan of Science-Fiction, but I also loved historic stories and settings. Jules Verne managed to bring those worlds together, you can say they are the father of Steampunk.
This is my first contribution to this very special genre. I used some reference photos from my lovely wife. The gown design is made by myself. Have you ever tried to paint striped satin? It's really a challenge, I can tell you!
As usual painted with Photoshop, no cheats, just painting about 30hrs.
Prints are availible here and soon at Zazzle and Artflakes. Thanks for watching.
Edit: I have repainted the face and the fence as well as some overall color adjustments, It fit's much better now for my taste.
Jack
© Copyright Jack Moik & Magna Mana FX 2013
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The Denver Broncos' football decision-makers, coaches, scouts, trainers and medical staff will pile into airplanes this week and head to the NFL's scouting combine in Indianapolis.
And history shows they will see most, if not all, of their eventual draft class over the weeklong event. Almost every player the Broncos have selected in the six drafts John Elway has overseen as executive vice president of football operations/general manager has been one who has been put through the rigors of running, jumping and sprinting around orange cones at the combine.
The Broncos got a chance to closely watch Paxton Lynch at last year's NFL combine. Brian Spurlock-USA TODAY Sports
The combine is the spot where most of the top-rated prospects are invited to show what they've got to offer. It's certainly not the only place to see future pros -- cornerback Chris Harris Jr. will always be proof of that.
"I always tell guys it doesn't matter how you get here just make the most of your chance once you get here," said Harris, who made the Broncos' roster as an undrafted rookie in 2011. "But if you go to the combine you get seen by everybody in the league, it's going to help you. A guy like me, you're working uphill, you know?"
Since Elway returned as the Broncos' top football executive, 40 of the 46 players the Broncos have selected in the last six drafts were players who were at the combine. And in Elway's time at the head of the table, the Broncos have never selected a player before the sixth round of the draft who was not at the combine.
In three drafts -- 2011, 2012 and 2013 -- all the Broncos' selections were combine players. In each of the last three drafts, the Broncos have selected at least one player who had not been invited to the combine.
2017 NFL DRAFT Round 1: April 27, 8 p.m. ET
Rds. 2-3: April 28, 7 p.m. ET
Rds. 4-7: April 29, noon ET
Where: Philadelphia NFL draft home page » • 2017 NFL draft order »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Mock 3.0 »
• Todd McShay: Mock 3.0 »
• Todd McShay's Top 32 »
• Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board »
• McShay: Top prospects by position »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Top 10 by position »
• Pro day schedule for prospects »
• Underclassmen who have declared »
• NFL draft player rankings »
The 2015 draft was the outlier as they eventually picked four players -- tackle Darius Kilgo, quarterback Trevor Siemian, cornerback Taurean Nixon and safety Josh Furman -- in their nine-player draft class who were not invited to the combine. In 2014, linebacker Corey Nelson was the only one of the Broncos' six picks in that draft who was not invited to the combine. Last year, safety Will Parks was the only Broncos' draft pick who was not invited to the combine.
Furman didn't make it out of their first training camp while Kilgo was released this past season. Kilgo was on the Patriots' practice squad at the Super Bowl earlier this month. Siemian, Nelson, Nixon and Parks remain on the Broncos' roster.
Debate the worthiness of the drills if you must in what some scouts call the "T-shirt Olympics" or even "recess," but the ability to sit down with the prospects and see how they handle themselves through the week has mattered to the Broncos.
As Von Miller, who was Elway's first draft pick, put it: “I think I knew at the combine the Broncos were going to pick me. I thought I hit it off with John Elway and they could see what I was about. I just remember when I left [Indianapolis] I thought there was a real good chance I would end up with the Denver Broncos."
Social Briefings are short bi-monthly dispatches that offer practical tips to improve your social skills. Read more on their raison d'etre.
When it comes to how much to disclose to someone new, you generally want to match the intensity of the other person's revelations, and lead with positive disclosures about yourself.
But staying positive doesn't mean you should brag about all the great things you've got going on.
When you're getting to know someone, it's natural to want them to really like you. It's also natural to feel that unless they know x, y, and z cool thing about you, they won't be as interested — they won't know you're as smart, unique, adventurous, or accomplished as you really are.
But trying to convey those great qualities and achievements too artificially and assertively can backfire, showing people that rather being cool and confident, you're actually insecure.
While it's common and even advisable to want to put your best foot forward and highlight your good qualities to those you meet, there's a wrong and right way of doing so.
Don't Have a “Self-Disclosure Agenda”
When they interact with others, many people have what the authors of First Impressions call a “self-disclosure agenda” — a set of favorable facts about their lives that they want to work into the conversation. I run marathons; I make six figures; I have a nice house; I volunteer in my community; I'm a world traveler; I went to an Ivy League school; etc. Basically, “I'm a big deal” in some shape or form. These kinds of accomplishments show status, and we all intuitively know that the higher one's status, the more attractive and compelling we are.
But we also know that outright bragging is socially unacceptable. So, we go about trying to forward our self-disclosure agenda in subtler ways.
One such method is to ask a question largely to get the other person to ask you the same thing, thus creating an opening to share something interesting or laudable about yourself. For example, you intentionally ask someone, “What did you do this weekend?” because when they boomerang the question back, you get to say: “Oh, I helped out a homeless shelter.” Or you ask, “Did you play any sports in high school?” so that after the other person replies and returns the question, you can say, “I was the quarterback of the football team.”
Another not-so-subtle way people forward their self-disclosure agenda is to add unnecessary details into their descriptions/explanations of things. To the question “Do you travel a lot for your job?”, someone with a self-disclosure agenda might answer, “I do. I've been to Bali, London, Moscow, and Greenland just in the last 3 months. I'm always being asked to meet with company CEOs around the world. I actually just met Richard Branson last week.”
While it's possible to ask a “boomerang question” and add flattering details in a way that's subtle and doesn't register as covert bragging, oftentimes exactly what you're doing is both obvious and off-putting. It shows your insecurity, which diminishes the very status you were trying to demonstrate.
Do Let Yourself Be Discovered
Rather than having a self-disclosure agenda, it's best to let yourself be discovered. Things that people discover about you themselves always seem even more impressive than those which you share yourself. Indirect communication is powerful, so instead of forcing your self-disclosure agenda, allow folks to “overhear” the great things about you.
You don't have to be completely passive in this process, however, and can subtly facilitate it in the following ways:
Show, rather than tell. Research shows you can judge a book by its cover; even after short interactions, people are generally able to accurately gauge a person's personality and status based on external clues like body language and facial expressions — the way you walk, talk, dress, and hold yourself. So while you might feel it's necessary to verbalize who you are to a new acquaintance, you've actually already been telegraphing that from the very moment you met.
If you've got a lot of inner positive qualities, that's good news; it means you can rest easy, knowing that people will pick up on that fact without you explicitly saying so. (If you don't have a lot of good things going on in your life — work on that!)
That being said, even if you are objectively a great guy, it's possible to enhance your external body language and appearance to better reflect that reality, and to mitigate behaviors that contradict it and prevent people from getting an accurate perception of who you really are.
The way you do that is simple: staying fit, dressing snappier, standing up straight, conveying warm body language, etc.
Use a wingman. There's a reason wingmen have become a social scene cliché — they're effective. A wingman can surface the good things about you without you having to do it yourself. Will the audience know exactly what your buddy is doing? Probably, but it still sounds better than you bragging on yourself, and even when ladies know your wingman's sharing your highlight reel intentionally, that doesn't make it any less attractive or compelling.
Drop breadcrumbs. Sharing flattering details of your life isn't a bad thing, as long as you don't try to shoehorn them into spaces they don't belong. Be patient, and wait for a natural opening in the context of the conversation to share something about your accomplishments and positive qualities. Err on the side of sharing less over more; if people are curious, they can ask you for greater detail.
Drop little bread crumbs here and there, and people will eventually follow the trail to your best qualities and achievements.
Tags: social briefing
It's a good news, bad news report. Earth today supports more than 3 trillion trees—eight times as many as we thought a decade ago. But that number is rapidly shrinking, according to a global tree survey released today. We are losing 15 billion trees a year to toilet paper, timber, farmland expansion, and other human needs. So even though the total count is large, the decline is “a cause for concern,” says Tom Spies, a forest ecologist with the U.S. Forest Service in Corvallis, Oregon, who was not involved with the work.
Forests are important to humans, not just for their products, but also for their ability to foster biodiversity, store carbon, preserve water quality, and perform other ecosystem services. Up to 45% of the carbon stored on land may be tied up in forests. But figuring out how many trees grace our planet has been a difficult task. To date, most forest assessments have estimated tree cover based on satellite images. In 2005, one group converted that coverage into a measurement known as tree density and concluded the planet was home to 400 billion trees, or 61 trees per person alive at the time.
The newest count, published online today in Nature, had a more down-to-earth component. Almost 3 years ago, Plant-for-the-Planet, which took over the United Nations's Billion Tree Campaign, wanted to know whether it was making an impact. In its first 5 years, the campaign had planted 12 billion trees in 193 countries to promote the removal of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. The group asked Yale University foresters for help.
There, postdoc Thomas Crowther and remote sensing expert Henry Glick and colleagues compiled not just satellite data, but also tree density information from researchers measuring and counting trees in forest plots around the world. Using 400,000 ground-based data points, they converted other satellite images into tree density estimates to get more accurate tree counts in areas not surveyed by hand. In addition, they incorporated data from a 2013 report on changes in forest cover to get a sense of whether forests were expanding or shrinking.
The densest areas of tree coverage are the boreal forests of the Arctic, whereas deserts support the fewest trees per hectare. Even so, cold places have just 24% of the trees, whereas the tropics and subtropics support almost 43%. The rest are distributed throughout other places, including temperate zones.
In all areas, human impact was the dominant influence on tree density, the researchers found. By combining tree density measures with forest cover estimates for the past 12 years, Crowther, Glick, and colleagues concluded that humans are responsible for the loss of 15 billion trees a year. They think that about 5 billion new trees are planted or sprout annually, yielding a net loss of 10 billion. Since the beginning of human civilization, the number of trees has dropped by 46%, they estimate.
Although these numbers are impressive, not even Crowther thinks they tell the whole story. “Tree size, species identity, and tree qualities matter hugely in accounting for the importance of forests and trees outside of forests,” says Robin Chazdon, a forest ecologist on leave from the University of Connecticut, Storrs. “This study does not take those attributes into account.”
Crowther and their colleagues plan to start looking into how to quantify those aspects, particularly the sizes of trees, because that determines how much biomass—and consequently carbon storage—in each one. But one thing is clear: Even the 14.2 billion trees planted in the Billion Tree program is just a drop in the bucket.
Women with fibromyalgia (FM) had a thinner average stromal nerve thickness and decreased corneal sub-basal plexus nerve density per square millimeter compared with healthy control participants, and corneal confocal microscopy could be a useful tool to identify patients with FM, according to the results of recently published research.
Researchers enrolled 17 women with fibromyalgia (FM) who met both American College of Rheumatology 1990 and 2010 criteria for FM and 17 healthy women matched for age. Participants were between 18 and 50 years of age with no concurrent diseases.
All participants completed Spanish language questionnaires to assess FM symptoms, including autonomic dysfunction, sleep quality, anxiety, depression, fatigue, neuropathic pain and general well-being. The questionnaires included the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ), the Medical Outcome Sleep Scale (MOS), the Composite Autonomic Symptoms and Signs (COMPASS) assessment, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), the Multidimensional Assessment of Fatigue Scale (MAF), SF-36, and the Leeds Assessment of Neuropathic Symptoms and Signs (LANSS) assessment.
One ophthalmologist expert in corneal pathology blinded to diagnosis evaluated central corneal scans of both eyes of each participant. A coronal section of 340 µm by 255 µm was represented across four full-thickness corneal sequences of 350 images.
Corneal nerve thickness was defined as the average corneal nerve thickness between the widest and most narrow portion of each stromal nerve that was analyzed. The difference between the widest and most narrow areas of each nerve was defined as nerve smoothness. NAVIS software (Nidek) was used to calculate nerve thickness and smoothness, and the corneal sub-basal plexus nerve density was calculated based on the number of sub-basal plexus nerves and branches manually counted by the ophthalmologist and calculated by the NAVIS software.
Although healthy participants frequently responded affirmatively to some questions regarding fatigue, problems with sleep and anxiety or depression, patients with FM had mean FIQ scores of 69, and all but one patient with FM had a LANSS score above 12, which suggested a neuropathic component of pain, according to the researchers. High COMPASS scores were also seen in patients with FM, suggesting prominent dysfunction in the autonomic (sympathetic) nervous system.
Patients with FM had an average nerve thickness of 5 µm, which was significantly different from healthy women, who had an average thickness of 6.1 µm. Nerve smoothness was 1.8 in patients with FM compared with 2.4 in healthy participants. Sub-basal plexus small nerve fiber density was also lower in patients with FM at 85 per square millimeter compared with 107 per square millimeter in healthy participants, according to the researchers.
Among all participants, the LANSS neuropathic pain symptoms questionnaire scores correlated with more slender nerves.
No correlation between the corneal measurements and age, disease duration or number of symptoms was found among patients, according to the researchers. - by Shirley Pulawski
Disclosure: No financial disclosure information was available at the time of publication.
Hillary Clinton's campaign is flipping the script on Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, claiming that they are the one attempting to “overturn the will of the people.”
“Really, I think when you talk about rigging the system, that's what Sen. Sanders is trying to do now,” Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon said Tuesday on CNN. “Hillary Clinton has won in the popular vote by a wide margin. She's got more than 2 million votes over Sen. Sanders in all of the contests when you add them all up.”
Sanders supporters have been upset throughout the election at the role of superdelegates, Democratic party insiders and elected officials who may support any candidate at the party convention, regardless of their states' preferences. Clinton leads in pledged delegates and superdelegates.
The Sanders campaign now has to fight the uphill battle of overtaking Clinton in pledged delegates and then convincing superdelegates to switch their support.
Fallon said, “So now that's forcing Sen. Sanders to go out and talk about the idea that they want to try to flip superdelegates and get them to overturn the will of the people as expressed through who's won the most contests.”
“If anybody's trying to rig the system right now to overturn the will of the people right now, it's Sen. Sanders,” they said.
Java bytecode debugging was bugging me for quite some time, however I've never done anything to really solve this problem once and for all. Around February I was desperately trying to solve some java bytecode riddle (yup, it was crackme ;p, but shhh…) and the only straightforward solution that would help with analysis was java bytecode debugger. If you query google for java bytecode debugger or java bytecode debugging, it will show two promising entries:
Java ByteCode Debugger ( JBCD ) – http://sourceforge.net/projects/jbcd/ – very old (a.d. 2003), very limited, command line tool, actually I had problems to run it, so I can't say anything about usability. Project is probably dead anyway ☠
Dr. Garbage Bytecode Visualizer – http://www.drgarbage.com/bytecode-visualizer.html – not that old (still in development), very promising plugin for eclipse. It works, but it has some problems and limitations (for example breakpoint can't be set inside method, only method entry is supported).
I was struggling with this topic until a wild idea came to my head.
The idea
Java .class files supports various debugging attributes which are usually stripped during release compilation. One of those attributes is called LineNumberTable:
LineNumberTable_attribute { u2 attribute_name_index ; u4 attribute_length ; u2 line_number_table_length ; { u2 start_pc ; u2 line_number ; } line_number_table [ line_number_table_length ] ; } LineNumberTable_attribute { u2 attribute_name_index; u4 attribute_length; u2 line_number_table_length; { u2 start_pc; u2 line_number; } line_number_table[line_number_table_length]; }
LineNumberTable should be defined for each method in the .class file, it enables debugger to match bytecode position (start_pc) with the line number inside the source file. My initial idea was pretty simple, what if generated LineNumberTable match line numbers inside the disassembled source file. Having dirtyJOE as a quite good java .class editor (modesty!) I could easily add such functionality and test how it works. Quick prove of concept shown that this method is really working. I was testing it with JDB and JSwat debuggers:
JDB:
c:\Java\jdk\bin>jdb -classpath e:\_JPCApplication\ org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication Initializing jdb ... > stop in org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main Deferring breakpoint org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main. It will be set after the class is loaded. > run run org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication Set uncaught java.lang.Throwable Set deferred uncaught java.lang.Throwable VM Started: Set deferred breakpoint org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main Breakpoint hit: "thread=main", org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main(), line=931 bci=0 931 00000000: invokestatic java.lang.String javax.swing.UIManager.getSystemLookAndFeelClassName() main[1] step Step completed: "thread=main", org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main(), line=932 bci=3 932 00000003: invokestatic void javax.swing.UIManager.setLookAndFeel(java.lang.String) main[1] step Step completed: "thread=main", org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main(), line=933 bci=6 933 00000006: goto pos.00000016 main[1] step Step completed: "thread=main", org.jpc.j2se.JPCApplication.main(), line=941 bci=22 941 00000016: aload_0
JSwat:
After playing a bit with JSwat, I've realized that I'm still missing some information. This little missing thing is called LocalVariableTable and it is another debug attribute that should be defined for every method in the .class file:
LocalVariableTable_attribute { u2 attribute_name_index ; u4 attribute_length ; u2 local_variable_table_length ; { u2 start_pc ; u2 length ; u2 name_index ; u2 descriptor_index ; u2 index ; } local_variable_table [ local_variable_table_length ] ; } LocalVariableTable_attribute { u2 attribute_name_index; u4 attribute_length; u2 local_variable_table_length; { u2 start_pc; u2 length; u2 name_index; u2 descriptor_index; u2 index; } local_variable_table[local_variable_table_length]; }
Restoring this one is tricky, as it would require building function graph to correctly assign local variable scope (start_pc, length fields). I've decided to simplify it a bit. I'm using information about branch instructions and exception handlers to partition function into small chunks (I'll not call them basic blocks, but they're similar to basic blocks). Each chunk is scanned for opcodes that are operating on local variables ( a/f/d/i/l-store/load_<n>, iinc) so I can determine the type of specific variable. All this information are merged and put together into LocalVariableTable attribute. Described mechanism isn't perfect, but it should be sufficient in most cases (and currently it's probably the best (only?) solution to this problem).
This is the end of my idea, but it isn't the end of that topic. Java VM is a stack based virtual machine, which means that most of all opcodes operates on the operand stack. Having information about values pushed onto the stack sometimes can be crucial to understand what is really going on. Unfortunately neither JDB nor JSwat supports previewing of jvm operand stack. This is an unresolved problem for now.
dirtyJOE
Above ideas are implemented in dirtyJOE v1.6, they're called Restore Debug Info and are accessible from GUI as well as from a command line. There is also LocalVariableTable editor, so if anyone feels that automatically generated LocalVariableTable isn't enough, one can freely edit all aspects of the local variable (e.g. name, type). Command line support was introduced to help with restoring debug info in multiple files. Below command will restore debug information for all files in the current directory and all subdirectories (.joe files will be placed in the same subdirectories as input .class files):
for /R %c in (*.class) do start /WAIT dirtyJOE.exe /rdi "%c"
start /WAIT is crucial if you don't want to mess the console, as dirtyJOE isn't a console application so without this command it will run asynchronously. Most debuggers should automatically pick up generated disassembled source files (.joe), just set the proper sourcpath in the debugger settings. JSwat is even able to load source files from the .jar file, so disassembled .joe files can be repackaged into the original .jar file.
That's all for now.
Recording electrical signals from inside a neuron in the living brain can reveal a great deal of information about that neuron's function and how it coordinates with other cells in the brain. However, performing this kind of recording is extremely difficult, so only a handful of neuroscience labs around the world do it.
To make this technique more widely available, MIT engineers have now devised a way to automate the process, using a computer algorithm that analyzes microscope images and guides a robotic arm to the target cell.
This technology could allow more scientists to study single neurons and learn how they interact with other cells to enable cognition, sensory perception, and other brain functions. Researchers could also use it to learn more about how neural circuits are affected by brain disorders.
“Knowing how neurons communicate is fundamental to basic and clinical neuroscience. Our hope is this technology will allow you to look at what's happening inside a cell, in terms of neural computation, or in a disease state,” says Ed Boyden, an associate professor of biological engineering and brain and cognitive sciences at MIT, and a member of MIT's Media Lab and McGovern Institute for Brain Research.
Boyden is the senior author of the paper, which appears in the Aug. 30 issue of Neuron. The paper's lead author is MIT graduate student Ho-Jun Suk.
Precision guidance
For more than 30 years, neuroscientists have been using a technique known as patch clamping to record the electrical activity of cells. This method, which involves bringing a tiny, hollow glass pipette in contact with the cell membrane of a neuron, then opening up a small pore in the membrane, usually takes a graduate student or postdoc several months to learn. Learning to perform this on neurons in the living mammalian brain is even more difficult.
There are two types of patch clamping: a “blind” (not image-guided) method, which is limited because researchers cannot see where the cells are and can only record from whatever cell the pipette encounters first, and an image-guided version that allows a specific cell to be targeted.
Five years ago, Boyden and colleagues at MIT and Georgia Tech, including co-author Craig Forest, devised a way to automate the blind version of patch clamping. They created a computer algorithm that could guide the pipette to a cell based on measurements of a property called electrical impedance — which reflects how difficult it is for electricity to flow out of the pipette. If there are no cells around, electricity flows and impedance is low. When the tip hits a cell, electricity can't flow as well and impedance goes up.
Once the pipette detects a cell, it can stop moving instantly, preventing it from poking through the membrane. A vacuum pump then applies suction to form a seal with the cell's membrane. Then, the electrode can break through the membrane to record the cell's internal electrical activity.
The researchers achieved very high accuracy using this technique, but it still could not be used to target a specific cell. For most studies, neuroscientists have a particular cell type they would like to learn about, Boyden says.
“It might be a cell that is compromised in autism, or is altered in schizophrenia, or a cell that is active when a memory is stored. That's the cell that you want to know about,” they say. “You don't want to patch a thousand cells until you find the one that is interesting.”
To enable this kind of precise targeting, the researchers set out to automate image-guided patch clamping. This technique is difficult to perform manually because, although the scientist can see the target neuron and the pipette through a microscope, they or they must compensate for the fact that nearby cells will move as the pipette enters the brain.
“It's almost like trying to hit a moving target inside the brain, which is a delicate tissue,” Suk says. “For machines it's easier because they can keep track of where the cell is, they can automatically move the focus of the microscope, and they can automatically move the pipette.”
By combining several imaging processing techniques, the researchers came up with an algorithm that guides the pipette to within about 25 microns of the target cell. At that point, the system begins to rely on a combination of imagery and impedance, which is more accurate at detecting contact between the pipette and the target cell than either signal alone.
The researchers imaged the cells with two-photon microscopy, a commonly used technique that uses a pulsed laser to send infrared light into the brain, lighting up cells that have been engineered to express a fluorescent protein.
Using this automated approach, the researchers were able to successfully target and record from two types of cells — a class of interneurons, which relay messages between other neurons, and a set of excitatory neurons known as pyramidal cells. They achieved a success rate of about 20 percent, which is comparable to the performance of highly trained scientists performing the process manually.
Unraveling circuits
This technology paves the way for in-depth studies of the behavior of specific neurons, which could shed light on both their normal functions and how they go awry in diseases such as Alzheimer's or schizophrenia. For example, the interneurons that the researchers studied in this paper have been previously linked with Alzheimer's. In a recent study of mice, led by Li-Huei Tsai, director of MIT's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory, and conducted in collaboration with Boyden, it was reported that inducing a specific frequency of brain wave oscillation in interneurons in the hippocampus could help to clear amyloid plaques similar to those found in Alzheimer's patients.
“You really would love to know what's happening in those cells,” Boyden says. “Are they signaling to specific downstream cells, which then contribute to the therapeutic result? The brain is a circuit, and to understand how a circuit works, you have to be able to monitor the components of the circuit while they are in action.”
This technique could also enable studies of fundamental questions in neuroscience, such as how individual neurons interact with each other as the brain makes a decision or recalls a memory.
Bernardo Sabatini, a professor of neurobiology at Harvard Medical School, says they are interested in adapting this technique to use in their lab, where students spend a great deal of time recording electrical activity from neurons growing in a lab dish.
“It's silly to have amazingly intelligent students doing tedious tasks that could be done by robots,” says Sabatini, who was not involved in this study. “I would be happy to have robots do more of the experimentation so we can focus on the design and interpretation of the experiments.”
To help other labs adopt the new technology, the researchers plan to put the details of their approach on their web site, autopatcher.org.
Other co-authors include Ingrid van Welie, Suhasa Kodandaramaiah, and Brian Allen. The research was funded by Jeremy and Joyce Wertheimer, the National Institutes of Health (including the NIH Single Cell Initiative and the NIH Director's Pioneer Award), the HHMI-Simons Faculty Scholars Program, and the New York Stem Cell Foundation-Robertson Award.
For the third straight year, men and women calling for tougher gun laws marked the anniversary of the Sandy Hook shooting by gathering in front of the NRA headquarters in Fairfax, calling for change, an effort they see as even tougher since the election of Donald Trump, "We will not be discouraged!"
Andy and Barbara Parker were one of the dozens of people in attendance. They are the parents of Alison Parker, who was shot and killed last year while reporting on live TV, "That's really what motivates us. We have to do it for Alison." Andy Parker also had some strong words for the NRA, "All they wanna do is sell guns, and they've always used lies to prop up their false agenda."
We asked the NRA for a comment about today's protest multiple times, but never got a response. But we did speak with Al Barth, a gun owner who saw the protest, and has a very different view, "I think they're a little off base. Guns don't kill people, people kill people. The gun has nothing to do with it."
Protesters say Trump's expressed support for gun owners is a source of major concern, and motivation, "We gotta fight harder than we ever have."
The sound of a country in crisis includes the cries of a woman wailing upon finding husband dead in cab of truck. The United States' southern neighbor is in the throes of a drug war - one that's growing more savage every day as the brutally aggressive Sinaloa Cartel muscles in on territory controlled by the Arellano-Felix, the Juarez and Gulf Cartels for control of lucrative routes for smuggling marijuana, cocaine and amphetamines into the United States - a $14 billion a year illegal trade,reports.
The drug traffickers are more reckless and ruthless than ever. A group of terrified school children were caught in the crossfire of a three-hour shootout on the streets of Tijuana. In Juarez, a crime reporter was shot to death, the fifth Mexican journalist silenced this year.
Bill Gore has witnessed the carnage, first as the FBI Special Agent in Charge in San Diego, now as the county's undersheriff. They say American drug users should realize they have blood on their hands.
"This is not a victimless crime," Gore said. "That people are dying, literally hundreds of them, on the streets of Tijuana, so they can have their recreational drugs on this side of the border."
The most extreme violence is just south of the border - nowhere worse than Juarez, across the Rio Grande from El Paso. There have been 16 murders in El Paso this year and almost 1,500 drug-related killings in Juarez.
One grisly new tactic is beheadings. A headless corpse hung above a busy highway almost two hours before police covered it with a sheet - the head found in a nearby park.
In Tijuana, nine men were decapitated last month, three of them police officers, their badges stuck in their mouths - some of the 40 murders in Tijuana occurred in just one weekend.
It is a bloody war fueled by a high-powered arsenal of weapons, most smuggled in from the United States.
Read more about the role of the cartels at Tijuana Press (in Spanish) and at KPBS online.
The gun violence is fueling a boom in the security business. Gabriel Martin turns cars into tanks with armor plating, bullet-proof glass. Of one car they say: "An AR-15 with armor-piercing nose could not get through that."
And there's a long waiting list of people anxious to pay from $30,000 to $90,000 to outfit cars with James Bond-like smoke screens and nails to puncture pursuers' tires.
(CBS)
"As crime rises it seems like the business grows," Martin said. "People are scared to be kidnapped."
The current FBI Agent in Charge in San Diego says gangland kidnappings, common in Mexico as a secondary source of cartel income, are becoming common there.
"The violence is absolutely spilling across into the United States," said FBI agent Keith Slotter said.
About 40 San Diego residents were kidnapped in Mexico this year - double the number three years ago. Many more goes unreported.
"Normally, the kidnappers have done, we believe, extensive research ahead of time," Slotter said. "They have a good, a solid background on a person's financial means."
They kidnapped one woman's husband, an American with businesses in Tijuana. They demanded $2 million. She's afraid to reveal their identity.
"I had to sell my business. I had to sell property. Anything to get back my husband," the woman said. "There was no need for them to kill my husband."
Ironically, this orgy of violence erupted after Mexican president Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels last year, dispatching 40,000 troops and federal police to cities under siege. They've killed or captured scores of drug kingpins.
Authorities call this a success, though a fierce gun battle raged in the middle of the city for almost an hour. In the end, the federal police and the military took custody the most wanted chief of the Tijuana drug cartel.
With the arrest of Eduardo Arellano-Felix, the once powerful cartel is in disarray. The unintended consequence of success: a bloodbath, as the next generation of gangsters battles for dominance.
"We cannot live with that kind of intimidation, with that kind of terror on our streets," said Jorge Ramos, the Mayor of Tijuana.
So the mayor of Tijuana last week tapped former army Lt. Colonel, Julian Leyzaola, to run the city's police department.
They promise to take back the streets.
"Even in war you don't see what you see here," they said through a translator. "People whose heads are cut off, people who are dissolved in acid. If the cartels only understand the language of violence, then we are going to have to speak in their language ... and annihilate them."
In other words, fight cartel violence with superior violence: the coordinated power the police and military. As the government fights to get the upper hand, there's likely to be more blood in the streets.
A collection of Aleister Crowley's writings, including books, essays, articles, a resource list of Crowley's numbered Libri written for the occult orders A∴ A∴ and O.T.O., and other related materials
Θέλημα – Thelema
There are so many documents on the site related to the Thelema of Aleister Crowley that it can sometimes be difficult to know where to start, so here are a few first steps
Liber Legis - The Book of the Law
The complete text and manuscript of Liber AL vel Legis, The Book of the Law, including the commentaries by Aleister Crowley
Centres of Pestilence
Commentaries on Liber AL vel Legis, The Book of the Law, by various authors
Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica
An unofficial archive of materials relating to the Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica (E.G.C.), the ecclesiastical arm of Ordo Templi Orientis, and the Gnostic Mass
Follow posts tagged “Aleister Crowley” on the Hermetic Library Blog
Check out posts and quotes on the Thelema and the Libri of Aleister Crowley tumblog
Mention the term ‘mole-rat' (or molerat, or mole rat) and most people (zoologists included) will think of Heterocephalus glaber, the remarkable Naked mole-rat or Sandpuppy of Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya. But this is merely one of a whole radiation of African mole-rats, the species of which occur right across sub-Saharan Africa. Given that there's an absolute crap-ton of information online about the Naked mole-rat, I'm mostly going to avoid discussing that species here [image used at top shows Ansell's mole-rat Fukomys anselli; photo by Headster, CC BY 3.0].
A Naked mole-rat queen - either cute and nice to look at, or the grotesque stuff of nightmares. Image by Chomez, in public domain.
The first thing we have to say is that we're talking specifically here about bathyergid mole-rats or blesmols, and bathyergid mole-rats or blesmols alone: other morphologically and ecologically similar rodent species are also called mole-rats, but they're not part of Bathyergidae. Those species – they include the Eurasian blind mole-rats of the genera Nannospalax and Spalax – are included within a group termed Spalacinae or Spalacidae. They appear to be muroids – part of the enormous rodent group that includes mice, rats, hamsters, voles, gerbils and so on – and hence are not even close to bathyergids.
Hystricomorph/ctenohystrican/entodacryan cladogram, based on the molecular phylogenies published by Huchon et al. (2002) and Fabre et al. (2012). This tree (and several other rodent cladograms) are from my in-prep textbook.
If you're wondering, bathyergid​s appear to be part of Hystricomorpha or Ctenohystrica, the gundi-porcupine-caviomorph clade also known as Entodacrya. Within this clade, bathyergid​s appear to be close to dassie rats (Petromuridae) and cane rats (Thryonomyidae), and then to Old World porcupines and caviomorphs (Huchon & Douzery 2001, Huchon et al. 2002, Fabre et al. 2012, Patterson & Upham 2014). Some (but not all) of these groups have conventionally been included within a hystricomorph assemblage termed Phiomorpha. There's more to say than that as goes phylogeny and taxonomy, of course, but we must move on.
Hystricomorph/ctenohystrican/entodacryan rodent montage. The groups shown here are cane rats, dassie rats, gundis, Old World porcupines, African mole-rats and caviomorphs (represented by the chinchillid Lagidium). Images from the Tet Zoo textbook project.
Bathyergid mole-rats are compact, short-tailed rodents with tiny eyes and near-invisible ears. Their large white incisors are exposed even when the mouth is closed, the lips actually closing behind the incisors. Prominent grooves are present on the incisors of some species. The incisors in the lower jaw are able to move independently (is this unique among mammals?), their long roots occupying a huge portion of the skull's interior and adding to its great strength (“a steel rod, a square millimetre in section, only penetrated when a weight of 3 kg was applied – this is equivalent to about 8cwt per sq in” (Hanney 1977)). Long claws are typical, as is very short, velvety fur of the sort present widely in subterranean mammals (Heterocephalus being the obvious exception).
The skeleton and skull of Bathyergus suillus, as illustrated by Christian Heinrich Pander in 1821 (image in public domain). I mostly see claws and incisors.
Bold markings are present in some species, with dark masks, pale eye-rings and prominent dichromatism being obvious in Georychus in particular. I wonder why this is – it isn't what you'd expect for a subterranean group that are hardly able to see anything. Mole-rats are said to make “interesting pets”, but that (surprise surprise) “some species bite unexpectedly; even the newborn can inflict severe bites” (Nowak 1999, p. 1636).
The rather boldly marked Cape mole-rat or blesmol (Georychus capensis) in life. Photo by Nigel C. Bennett, CC BY-SA 3.0.
Mole-rats are herbivorous, and most species rely on geophytes (storage organs) and roots, though grasses, herbs and occasionally invertebrates and even other rodents are eaten by some species too. Several species store plant parts in special burrow chambers and some will only eat part of a root or geophyte, apparently deliberately leaving it to recover and regenerate such that it can be exploited over the long term. The burrows they construct can be absurdly long: people have discovered common mole-rat burrow systems exceeding 1 km in length, and some Naked mole-rat burrows are over 3 km long (Jarvis 2001). Not a typo: over 3 km.
A rather angry-looking Fukomys anselli. Photo by Anfimo, in public domain.
None of the several genera are especially familiar or well known. In addition to Heterocephalus, there's Cryptomys (containing the seven or so species of common mole-rat), Fukomys (named for a set of species included within Cryptomys until 2006), Georychus (the Cape mole-rat), Heliophobius (the Silky mole-rat), and Bathyergus (the dune mole-rats). Some of the common mole-rat species are colonial (some others are solitary), the non-breeding individuals collecting roots, excavating tunnels, and caring for the young of the single breeding pair. This mention of coloniality and a single breeding pair will of course remind you of the eusocial system present in Naked mole-rats, whereby an especially big Queen is the lone breeding female in the relatively enormous colony, the individuals of lower castes having a suppressed reproductive ability and living a life where all they do is work: they maintain the burrows, care for the babies and so on. And, yes, the colonies are huge relative to what you might guess: they average 80 individuals, and can consist of as many as 300.
Somewhat surreal image of a captive Fukomys mechowi. Photo by Nikolai Barbel, CC BY-SA 3.0.
For a while the general assumption seemed to be that the eusociality of the Naked mole-rat had evolved from the also eusocial but less ‘extreme' biology of the Cryptomys and Fukomys common mole-rats… or, at least, evolved from common-mole-rat-like mole-rats. These eusocial mole-rats (the eusocial common mole-rats and the Naked mole-rat) inhabit more arid places than most other mole-rats, and they're the most specialised when it comes to reliance on geophytes and roots, so the idea of some sort of trend toward arid-land specialisation, ever-smaller size, geophyte/root specialisation and increasing eusociality looked like a possibility.
At left, a molecular phylogeny of bathyergid mole-rats - note how old the Heterocephalus divergence is, and how Heterocephalus is the sister-taxon to the rest of the clade. The images at right show (B) Fukomys, (C) Heliophobius, and (D) Heterocephalus. B and C by Sharry Goldman; D by Radim Šumbera. Entire image from Seney et al. (2009), CC.
But this never made sense given that the Naked mole-rat is not nested within Cryptomys or Fukomys. Instead (look at the molecular phylogeny above, from Seney et al. (2009)), it seems to be the oldest-diverging lineage within the group, molecular clock data positing its divergence at something like 40 million years ago (a possibility as yet unsupported by fossils, incidentally: there are quite a few fossils of Heterocephalus – three extinct species have been named, no less – but the oldest of them are from the Miocene). Maybe, then, the eusociality present in common mole-rats and Heterocephalus evolved convergently? By mapping patterns of social behaviour onto a molecular phylogeny, Faulkes et al. (2004) hinted at the possibility that eusociality might even be the primitive condition for Bathyergidae, and that solitary lifestyles have evolved from this condition. This seems rather radical, especially given what a big deal eusociality is (it's a strategy otherwise unknown in mammals), but at least it's plausible.
Heterocephalus is so distinct relative to all other members of the bathyergid lineage, by the way, that Patterson & Upham (2014) argued that it should be given its own ‘family': Heterocephalidae. You can see their logic, even if (like me) you regard monotaxic ‘families' like this as philosophically redundant (by which I mean that the Heterocephalus lineage already has a unique moniker, this being Heterocephalus).
There are a lot of fossils of Heterocephalus, the lineage that included the Naked mole-rat. These partial skulls - both from the Pliocene of Tanzania - represent the extinct species H. manthii (at left) and H. quenstedti (from Denys 2011).
Dune mole-rats (Bathyergus) also live in groups (these consisting of around five individuals). They're unusual in being restricted to the arid, sandy south-western corner of Africa, and in being especially big: big males of the Cape dune mole-rat B. suillus can reach 33 cm in length and 933 g in mass, making this species the biggest living subterranean rodent.
Why are bathyergids restricted to sub-Saharan Africa, if they're so ancient? They really should be more widespread, and we have tantalising indications that they were: a Lower Miocene mole-rat has been reported from Israel, though it has yet to be described in detail (to my knowledge). Kingdon (1997) suggested that their absence from northern Africa is due to their having been replaced by a younger group with a similar ecology, the root-rats or rhizomyids, while Faulkes et al. (2004) proposed that the spalacine Spalax might have been the ‘replacer'. Maybe both of those groups usurped bathyergids. Alas, as always with proposals of this sort, they're not especially satisfying since we have no real data showing that either root-rats or spalacines are in any way ‘superior' to bathyergid mole-rats, nor (at the moment) is it clear why competitive replacement would occur and lead to the extinction of the group.
Did members of either of these two subterranean rodent lineages - Tachyoryctes (at left) and/or Spalax - somehow displace bathyergid mole-rats from areas where they once occurred? Tachyoryctes image by Eduard Rüppell, in public domain (I can't believe there are no good Tachyoryctes photos in the public domain). Spalax images by Vivan755, CC BY-SA 3.0.
Subterranean rodents are not especially familiar animals to the majority of we humans, but their diversity, widespread distribution and geological longevity show that they represent a hugely successful evolutionary event. And they harbour an amazing diversity of behaviours, social strategies, lifestyles, physiological regimes and anatomical adaptations. Furthermore, evolutionary processes have – as hinted at in the article here – repeatedly invented similarly adapted rodents again and again and again, in different lineages, and on different continents. We will visit those other subterranean rodents at some point in the future, oh yes. And I didn't even mention mole-rat jaw musculature (apologies to Philip Cox).
And if you like rodents – and you clearly do, since you read the whole of this article – you really should buy this t-shirt, and maybe wear it too…
Available here. It's the best selling Tet Zoo t-shirt!
For previous Tet Zoo articles on rodents, see…
Refs - -
Denys, C. 2011. Rodents. In Harrison, T. (ed) Paleontology and Geology of Laetoli: Human Evolution in Context. Volume 2: Fossil Hominins and the Associated Fauna. Springer, pp. 15-53.
Fabre, P.-H., Hautier, L., Dimitrov, D. & Douzery, E. J. P. 2012. A glimpse on the pattern of rodent diversification: a phylogenetic approach. BMC Evolutionary Biology 2012, 12: 88.
Faulkes, C. G., Verheyen, E., Verheyen, W., Jarvis, J. U. M. & Bennett, C. 2004. Phylogeography patterns of genetic divergence and speciation in African mole rats (Family: Bathyergidae). Molecular Ecology 13, 613-629.
Hanney, P. W. 1977. Rodents: Their Lives and Habits. David & Charles, Newton Abbot, London, Vancouver.
Huchon, D. & Douzery, E. J. P. 2001. From the Old World to the New World: a molecular chronicle of the phylogeny and biogeography of hystricognath rodents. Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 20, 238-251.
Huchon, D., Madsen, O., Sibbald, M. J. J. B., Ament, K., Stanhope, M. J., Catzeflis, F., de Jong, W. W. & Douzery, E. J. P. 2002. Rodent phylogeny and a timescale for the evolution of Glires: evidence from an extensive taxon sampling using three nuclear genes. Molecular Biology and Evolution 19, 1053-1065.
Jarvis, J. U. M. 2001. African mole-rats. In MacDonald, D. (ed) The New Encyclopedia of Mammals. Oxford University Press (Oxford), pp. 690-693.
Kingdon, J. 1997. The Kingdon Field Guide to African Mammals. Academic Press, San Diego.
Nowak, R. M. 1999. Walker's Mammals of the World, Volume II (Sixth Edition). The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore and London.
Patterson, B. D. & Upham, N. S. 2014. A newly recognized family from the Horn of Africa, the Heterocephalidae (Rodentia: Ctenohystrica). Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 172, 942-963.
Seney, M. L., Kelly, D. A., Goldman, B. D., Šumbera, R. & Forger, N. G. 2009. Social structure predicts genital morphology in African mole-rats. PLoS ONE 4(10): e7477. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0007477
Written by ©Nikki (flickr: free.fred).
Penelope and their kittens were rescued back in August. Penelope was a spoiled lap kitty owned by a woman who abandoned them when they went into heat. This was the only home Penelope knew, so they stayed close by and had their kittens in this woman's shed. Penelope took care of their kittens the best they knew how and while they were healthy and plump, they were starving. As soon as I learned that their lives were threatened, I left right away for the hour-long drive.
By the time I got there one of the three week old kittens had been given away. My fiance and I never found out what happened to that kitten. We brought the five remaining kittens and Penelope home.
Because I volunteer with the Toronto Cat Rescue, I was able to get help for these cats. They arrived to us full of fleas and Penelope was malnourished. We thought their fur was brown-ish/grey but it turns out the brown tint was from malnutrition. They were all vet checked and cared for, and we combed out the kittens with flea combs daily because they were too small for treatment. My family and I decided to foster these cats as there are never enough foster homes because there are so many unwanted cats.
Penelope and the kittens were so friendly. Any time anyone sat down they had a pile of cats on their lap, purring away. Each one has very distinct personalities. Piper was a little princess, quiet and sweet. Chester was a monkey, they played hard and cuddled even harder. Jamie was a sweet little explorer, and cute as a button. Lucy was a strong, independent little girl. They were the first to do anything in their litter - use the box by herself, eat kitten food, and visit with new people. Charlie is a little firecracker.  They are fiesty and funny!
All five kittens have been adopted. Lucy is with a family with two young boys who are so gentle with them and just adore them Chester (now named Milo) belongs to a family with a teenaged son. Chester is their buddy. Jamie (also re-named Milo) went to a young professional woman who just loves them up. Piper (now named Pepper) was adopted to my in-laws where they are best friends with their cat Milo. As for Charlie, my fiance and I kept her!
Penelope is still waiting for them forever home. You can adopt them here. We were hoping to keep her, but they really hated our cat-friendly dog and even after several weeks they were just too stressed out by them Penelope is a sweet lap kitty who would do best in a fairly quiet home. They love to follow their people around, rub against legs and cuddle up on the couch.  They are just two years old and is a petite little girl.  They are absolutely stunning with sleek grey fur, bright green eyes, and a gorgeous plume-like tail.
Photos courtesy of ©Nikki (flickr: free.fred).
Of the nearly 15 million Nepalese who live in the Terai, only 30-32 per cent are Madhesis.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visits to Kathmandu had pushed back the anti-Indian feeling that often afflicts the Nepalese elite. But it has now come roaring back in the last two weeks. This follows the abortive visit of the Indian foreign secretary, who reached Kathmandu only hours before the constitution was to be promulgated. The Constituent Assembly had voted overwhelmingly in favour of the constitution. Can a sovereign parliament, after having passed such a vote, be expected to yield to overt outside pressure? Modi's neighbourhood policy is about to suffer a mortal blow — if it has not already.
Advertising
People in Kathmandu say that an informal economic blockade has been imposed by India. Memories of 1989 are flooding back as people are faced with six kilometre-long queues for petrol and medicines, LPG and other essentials. Detailed accounts of Indian custom officials abandoning their posts out of fear of life and limb are doing the rounds in Nepal. Apparently, oil tankers were also not plying for the same reason. But why did the Indian Oil Corporation tell its Nepalese counterpart to contact New Delhi to augment supplies? Is this friendly behaviour?
We should have kept economics and politics separate. The number of vehicles in Nepal is nearly 100 times that in 1989, and so the collateral damage and resentment against India will be greater. Even third-country imports into Nepal via India are now blocked, unlike in 1989.
India's stand is that nothing has been officially ordered. But it is evident to all that Delhi has not taken well to its post facto advice being ignored. India's support of the movement led by a few defeated leaders in the Terai is puzzling. Of the 116 members from that region in the Constituent Assembly, nearly 100 had voted in favour of the constitution.
Even among the Madhesis, certainly not a homogeneous community, the majority voted for the constitution. Those who are leading the current agitation — Rajendra Mahato, Anil Jha, Upendra Yadav, Mahant Thakur — lost the elections and do not represent the majority of Madhesis. Do we really want to be seen as championing the cause of these discredited leaders? Our agencies' calculations that these leaders have influence over the Bihar electorate are simply wrong. Modi will do well to ignore such advice from those who want to keep the South Asian pot boiling for their petty self-interest.
Of the nearly 15 million Nepalese who live in the Terai, only 30-32 per cent are Madhesis. Tharus are another 10-12 per cent. The remaining are Paharis and Janajatis, who migrated to the Terai in search of a livelihood. Why has Delhi chosen to be supportive of a small section of the Terai population acting out of selfish interests? “One Madhes, one pradesh” will never work, as it would be a 500 mile by 20 mile provinces in which the upper Madhesi castes would rule the roost to the detriment of the majority Doms, Musahars, Tharus and Muslims.
There are, of course, flaws in the constitution that will hopefully be corrected, as the Nepalese already recognise them. First, population, not geographical area, should determine the size of constituencies. Second, Morang should be included in province number two, so that Madhesis are not outvoted. Third, the demand of Tharus to carve out a province in the region from Kailali to Nawalparasi in western Nepal, without the six hill districts, needs consideration. Fourth, the retrograde provisions on Nepalese women must be withdrawn. Should Delhi not let Nepal rectify these flaws and restrict itself strictly to behind-the-scenes advice?
Three issues have particularly irked India's friends in Nepal. First is the assertion by Indian commentators that theirs is an unequal, upper caste-centric and retrograde constitution. Second, that the provision
for keeping a few constitutional positions out of reach of naturalised citizens is regressive. Finally, India's big-brother attempt to enforce its will on a sovereign nation. No country is too small to defend its dignity. Remember Vietnam?
The good news is that after a week of stoppage, some oil tankers have crossed into Nepal. Modi should retrieve the situation by overruling the mandarins and agencies, and not let them derail their neighbourhood policy.
Advertising
The writer is senior fellow, CPR, and founder-director, Pahle India Foundation
Week 14 results – the last set of games before Xmas, saw a huge upset as Gorge FC defeated the previously undefeated Cowichan 2-1 on Friday under the lights at Hampton Park.
VI Wave picked up some valuable points at the bottom end of the table with an upset of their own over Nanaimo, while Vic West & Westcastle remain in the relegation zone.
Cowichan FC 1 Gorge FC 2
Gorge FC
Goals: Cam Stokes, Morgan Johnston
Cowichan FC
Goals: Jordan De Graf
*———————————
Saanich Fusion FC Maude Hunter's 3 Lakehill FC 2
Saanich Fusion FC Maude Hunter's
Goals: Leo Falzon, Sam Prette (2)
Lakehill FC
Goals: Paulo Dait, Darren Prentice
*———————————
Comox Valley United 3 Vic West FC 2
Comox Valley United
Goals: Tom Butcher, Tyler Laitinen, Zack Stinson
Vic West FC
Goals: Spencer Lucas, Derek De Groot
*———————————
Nanaimo United FC 1 VI Wave 3
Nanaimo United FC
Goals: Billy Bagiopoulos
VI Wave
Goals: Kwasun Cook Thomas, Mackenzie Cole, Jonah Smith
*———————————
Bays United Liquor Plus 3 Westcastle United 0
Bays United Liquor Plus
Goals: Kurt Macaulay, Elliott Cuthbert, Logan Abbott
Shutouts: Elliot Mitrou
*————————————
Team Standings
State and local statutes have thrown up barriers as well. Voter-ID laws—like the ones tested for the first time in Wisconsin and New Hampshire this cycle—have gotten some attention this year after marginalizing voters at the polls. And in Arizona, officials slashed the number of polling locations in the state's most populous county, leading to hours-long waits in line before thousands were ultimately turned away. As a result, the Democratic National Committee and the two Democratic presidential campaigns are currently suing the state for voter suppression.
In the case of New York, its voter-registration laws received sharp criticism before voting was even underway. The state holds closed primaries, which means only registered Democrats and Republicans can vote and only for their own party. There's also no early or same-day registration, so voters looking to change parties would have had to do so back in October. Ahead of the contest, Bernie Sanders lamented that some of their core voters wouldn't be able to cast their ballots—unless they'd been really prepared. “We have a system here in New York where Independents can't get involved in the Democratic primary,” Sanders said earlier this week, “where young people who have not previously registered and want to register just can't do it.” It's not a partisan problem: Two of Republican candidate Donald Trump's children, notably, couldn't vote for their father Tuesday because they are registered Independents—not Republicans. (Ivanka Trump, for one, denounced the state's voting rules as “onerous.”)
New York City officials, meanwhile, seemed to focus mostly on administrative complaints Tuesday as they rushed to echo their constituents' concerns. Their ire was directed at the Board of Elections, a bipartisan body long accused of mismanagement. Stringer announced an audit of the board but with no clear parameters and with a deadline still TBD—all as the June federal primary looms nearer. Stringer, a Democrat who has been in office two years, told me they witnessed a “sense of chaos” at the polls, in which voters were sent to the wrong locations or did not receive adequate help from workers. Mayor Bill de Blasio has also called for “major” reforms to the Board of Elections. (De Blasio could not be immediately reached for comment.)
The fallout from Tuesday has been undoubtedly negative. But New York is just the latest, and loudest, example of primary-day voting trouble this cycle. City officials, however, did dodge at least one proverbial bullet: If the outcome of either party's race had been close, especially on the Democratic side, voters would be even angrier than they already are. And even more worried about what will happen in November.
David says
The federal government is secretly negotiating an agreement to revamp international copyright laws which could make the information on Canadian iPods, laptop computers or other personal electronic devices illegal and greatly increase the difficulty of travelling with such devices. The deal would create a international regulator that could turn border guards and other public security personnel into copyright police. The security officials would be charged with checking laptops, iPods and even cellular phones for content that "infringes" on copyright laws, such as ripped CDs and movies.
The guards would also be responsible for determining what is infringing content and what is not.
Canadians, time to write your MP! This was on the front page of the daily tabloid in Vancouver, so hopefully Jim Prentice will be forced to actually consult the public before they sell us all up the river.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has been heckled during a speech apologising to the victims of forced adoption practices.
OPPOSITION Leader Tony Abbott has been heckled during a speech apologising to the victims of forced adoption practices.
A number of women in the audience began yelling at Mr Abbott when they used the words "birth parents".
They said: "We honour the birth parents, including fathers, who have always loved their children."
Mr Abbott also acknowledged the efforts of adoptive parents, as those in the audience continued to shout.
"I hear what you are saying ... I honour the parents, who have always loved their children," they said.
"The last thing I would wish to do is cause pain to people who have suffered too much pain already.
"I am happy to retract it."
In some quarters, the term "birth parent" is deemed insensitive to women who relinquished their children under difficult circumstances.
Mr Abbott spoke after Prime Minister Julia Gillard made the long awaited national apology at a special ceremony in Canberra attended by hundreds of people, including mothers betrayed by a system that decided their children were better off elsewhere.
"We apologise," they said.
"We acknowledge your loss and grief."
From the 1950s to the 1970s an estimated 150,000 unwed Australian mothers had their babies forcibly adopted under a practice sanctioned by governments, churches, hospitals, charities and bureaucrats.
Some women were tricked into signing adoption papers, drugged and physically shackled to hospital beds.
Ms Gillard was speaking ahead of parallel motions being moved in the House of Representatives and the Senate later on Thursday to formalise the apology.
It will say that the parliament, on behalf of the Australian people, takes responsibility and apologises for the policies and practices that forced the separation of mothers from their babies.
"This apology is extended in good faith and deep humility," Ms Gillard said.
"It will be a profound act of moral insight by a nation searching its conscience."
Ms Gillard said it took courage to say sorry.
"What we see in that mirror is deeply shameful and distressing," they said.
"A story of suffering and unbearable loss."
The prime minister spoke of young and vulnerable women who lost their children under pressure and sometimes the influence of drugs.
"Most common of all was the bullying arrogance of a society that presumed to know what was best," they said.
"For decades, young mothers grew old haunted by loss."
Ms Gillard also spoke of the children who were adopted, some of whom suffered sexual abuse at the hands of their adoptive parents or in state institutions.
"Many others identified the paralysing effect of self-doubt and a fear of abandonment," they said.
But Australia could not forget the fathers, who were often ignored at the time of the births and whose names were not included on birth certificates.
"No collection of words alone can undo all this damage," Ms Gillard said.
"But by saying sorry we can correct the historical record.
"We can declare that these mothers did nothing wrong.
"That you loved your children and you always will."
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott told the story of their former girlfriend Kathy Donnelly, who in 1977 gave birth out of wedlock to a son, whom for years Mr Abbott believed was his.
"There is no stronger bond than that between mother and child," they said.
"There are no first or second class mothers ... and every mother has the right to raise their child - we know it now and we should have known it then.
"We were hard hearted and we were judgmental, that's why we should apologise.
"We did inflict pain on those we loved."
Police are investigating a string of fights in malls across the country on one of the busiest shopping days of the year. There were reports of disturbances in more than a dozen cities Monday, from Elizabeth, New Jersey, to Fort Worth, Texas. Some police departments said they were responding to reports of shootings.
Police believe that, in some situations, postings on social media drew attention to the fights, reports CBS News correspondent Jericka Duncan. But while they all happened within a few hours of each other, it's still unclear whether they occurred by chance or were planned.
Dozens of police officers rushed in to respond to a fight at the Fox Valley Mall outside of Chicago. Confused and panicked shoppers scrambled for building exits. Police say nearly 1,000 teens gathered at the mall before the brawls started at around 6:30 p.m. The mall closed for over an hour.
At a shopping center in Elizabeth, New Jersey, officers armed with long rifles and riot shields searched the food court after someone shouted “gun” after a chair slammed. Hundreds ran for the exits, resulting in at least eight injuries. Video shows corridors choked with shoppers trying to get out.
In Fort Worth, Texas, officers responded to reports of an active shooter, although it turned out there was no gunman.
“Anytime that we're hearing a mall shooting, and it's the day after Christmas, you have tons of people holiday shopping, of course the response is going to be just like that. We're going to get in here as fast we can,” Fort Worth police spokesperson Tamara Valle said.
Police are still unsure about why nearly a dozen brawls happened around the country. In at least one situation, authorities say social media post may have played a role.
“Running, screaming. I have seen a girl get trampled over. It was scary, it was really scary for real,” one witness at Beachwood Place Mall in the Cleveland suburb of Beachwood, Ohio said. The mall was placed on lockdown and officers used pepper spray to disperse a large crowd after a fight.
By Troy Reeves
This episode of the OHR on OUPblog, I take the opportunity to interview Michael Gillette, author of Lady Bird Johnson: An Oral History. In this podcast, Gillette discusses the book, the research behind and process of interviewing “Mrs. Johnson,” and their current role as executive director of Humanities Texas. Our host, Oxford University Press, published Lady Bird Johnson at the end of last year.
Among Gillete's excellent stories and insight, I get to use one of my favorite mantras: prior preparation prevents piss poor performance. I also avoid asking if Gillette is related to one half of the Penn & Teller magical, comedic duo. Caitlin nixed that idea in advance, noting that no one under 30 (probably over 30, too) would understand my humor. Your loss. [You're welcome. –Caitlin]
[audio:https://blog.oup.com/wp-content/audio/Gillette_LadyBird_February2013.mp3]
Or download the podcast directly.
Michael L. Gillette directed the LBJ Library's Oral History Program from 1976 to 1991. They later served as director of the Center for Legislative Archives at the National Archives and is currently the executive director of Humanities Texas in Austin.  They are the author of Lady Bird Johnson: An Oral History and Launching the War on Poverty: An Oral History.
Subscribe to the OUPblog via email or RSS.
Subscribe to only history articles on the OUPblog via email or RSS.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
There were “two types of people” who reached out to Tamron Hall when they announced their exit from the “Today” show.
“Some would call and say, ‘Oh my God, are you OK?' And I was like, ‘What happened? Who died?' and then there were other people who said, ‘What's next?'” they told a crowd at the Women's Business Enterprise National Council's Summit Salute on Thursday.
“I don't want a friend who calls me saying, ‘Oh my God.' It's a job. It doesn't define me. It doesn't determine what I do … how I treat people. I'm going to always look you in your face and say, ‘Thank you' and ‘Please' — and if you make me mad, a good cuss word — but in the end, a title can't define you. When your card no longer says anything beneath it, but your name, are you still you? Can you still savor the victory — the moment that you were able to take that dream? I never imagined that I would be on the ‘Today' show.”
Hall was the keynote speaker at the event. The “Deadline Crime” host recently teased an upcoming special she's working on, airing in April.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — “Just don't make us out as if we're beasts and terrorists, you know? We've got families like you, we've got sisters like you, and you've probably got brothers like me.”
Despite their earnest tone, there aren't many who have a brother like Abu Sumayyah.
An ethnic Kashmiri raised in the UK, Sumayyah has been living in Syria for about a year and recently pledged allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL or ISIS), the powerful Al Qaeda-inspired group making gains in Syria and Iraq.
After discussing their reasons for waging jihad in Syria, Abu Sumayyah was keen to make sure I left the interview with a positive impression of ISIL. “Be a good journalist and portray the truth, not what [others] want you to portray,” they said.
Like Sumayyah, ISIL members — from the leadership down to supporters abroad — are using social media to propagate a carefully-crafted narrative about ISIL. In the process, they've made themselves increasingly accessible online by tweeting, following, direct-messaging — and even in some cases successfully manipulating — foreign journalists.
ISIL on the web
ISIL's social media strategy has wowed the masses. VICE called them “total social media pros” and lauded the group's multi-pronged approach.
Other jihadist groups have made use of online platforms, including Facebook, independent forums and Twitter, but ISIL has earned a name for having the most internet success so far. The group has added Android apps, professionally shot and edited videos, and multilingual media outlets to its online arsenal — not to mention their own line of commercial products.
“We are here to show Muslims that we are fighting for the caliphate ... restoring glory, honor, dignity, and equality to the Islamic nation,” said Abu Bakr Al Janabi, a dedicated ISIL supporter living in the EU who often translates and re-posts the group's statements.
“[ISIL] fights on behalf of the Islamic nations, so they need very strong media.”
Aaron Zelin, an analyst at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, says Al Janabi, and others like him, are part of a broad yet relatively centralized network of online ISIL amplifiers. The network centers on three official media outlets: al-I'itisam, Ajnad, and al-Hayat for multilingual updates.
“Under that, there are key influencers, who are members of the organization in Iraq or Syria, pushing specific content to grassroots supporters,” Zelin said.
Then come the “foot soldiers in theater”: ISIL's fighters in Iraq and Syria who regularly tweet about their experiences and talk to other fighters online. “From there, you have the fanboys in the Western countries that are online cheerleaders,” Zelin added.
Loved and feared
Centralized messaging notwithstanding, the various ISIL mouthpieces often publish very different material.
On the one hand, key influencers and foot soldiers have published horrifyingly gory images of decapitated heads, crucified men and piles of bodies after cold-blooded executions.
The executions of the captured iraqi army soldiers, the cowards dressed like civilians to avoid ISIS pic.twitter.com/E9UPtKrJd7 — Abu Abdullah (@AlBrittani) June 25, 2014
On the other, foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq have tweeted photos of half-eaten Snickers bars, fried chicken meals, and kittens.
Milk for the kitties pic.twitter.com/fjdR0nhUFb — Islamic State of Cat (@ISILCats) June 25, 2014
French #ISIS fighter Abou Mouthana proudly showing the Nutella they have found in Al-Bab, #Syria. pic.twitter.com/usP2IhScYW — Guy Van Vlierden (@GuyVanVlierden) June 19, 2014
The dual image is intentional, says independent analyst Pieter van Ostaeyen.
ISIL wants to be both loved and feared, they said. In tweeting “relatable” images of food and cute animals, as well as evidence of the group's extensive social services programs, ISIL aims to “reassure the people that they're going to take care of them in a strictly Islamic way.”
The brutally violent videos and overtly sectarian rhetoric, however, are crafted as implicit threats to the group's online adversaries. “The beheadings and executions in public are both messages to ISIS enemies, but also part of Shariah [Islamic law],” Al Janabi said. “Most criminals don't want to end up in ISIS videos.”
“It's the perfect sociopathic image,” said Phillip Smyth, a University of Maryland researcher. “[ISIL] wants to say that they're acceptable to Western outlets. It doesn't mean that this acceptability transcends their violence: they combine both things.”
Are journalists to blame?
ISIL isn't only trying to win hearts and minds in Iraq and Syria — viewed by the group as Islamic states-in-waiting — with its "lovable" image. It is also aiming for Western journalists online.
Al Janabi (who describes themselves on Twitter as “friendly like a Scottish fold”) said they followed my account, which features a picture of me with uncovered hair — not wearing the uber-modest clothing required of strict Islamic code — because they are tolerant.
“Roses are red, violets are blue. Once you are in ISIS area, niqab will be waiting for you,” they said, and then insisted they were joking. They said people with different ideas should be able to talk to each other — as long as they are fair, don't attack Islam and don't manipulate the truth.
Seeing recent news of how the media propaganda is talking bad about ISIS and that we are killing everyone and no one likes us. — Britani (@Abuuthmaan1988) June 22, 2014
Zelin, the analyst, said ISIL members are extremely calculated in their effort to court Western journalists. “It's completely intentional. They want a more sympathetic message out there,” they said. They are able to get their message out to a larger audience by speaking English, being friendly, and agreeing to interview.
And there's nothing wrong with that. The problem is when journalists stop thinking critically.
Some reporters are too eager to get an “exclusive” with an ISIL member, and refrain from asking tough, potentially offensive questions. “There's very little pushback, and [ISIL] knows how to take advantage of that. Who wants to burn a source?” asked Smyth.
“At some point, if we continue like this, they don't even need their social media presence — we'll do their propaganda for them,” van Ostaeyen noted.
“In that way," said Zelin, "they're gaming journalists.”
At the center of Madrid's radial road network lies one of the busiest places in the city – Puerta del Sol. The plaza in the heart of Madrid is one of the most symbolic places, visited not only by tourists but also by protesters, who famously flooded the square with tens of thousands of anti-austerity youths in May of 2011. But at the east end of the Puerta del Sol there is a tribute to another famous symbol of the city – the Statue of the Bear and the Strawberry Tree.
Keen eyes will recognize the figures from other parts of the city. El Oso y el Madroño (The Bear and the Strawberry Tree) is the official city crest of Madrid, and can be seen on everything from manholes to the logo for one of Madrid's two football clubs, Atlético de Madrid. However ubiquitous the symbol may be, the two articles it displays are conspicuously absent from the city itself: neither bears nor strawberry trees are commonplace anywhere in the capital province. Just how did this become the centerpiece of the Madrilenian cityscape?
The origin of the Bear and the Strawberry tree
The bear has been a part of Madrid's coat of arms since at least 1212, when troops from Madrid were first recorded in history as carrying a flag showing a bear with the seven stars of the constellation Ursa Major, or larger bear in Latin (also known as the Big Dipper in North America). This may come from Ursalia, the name given to Madrid during the Roman period, or it may simply have been a reference to the bears that were common in the surrounding woods at the time. These bears have long been driven out of the area, if not completely eliminated.
As for the strawberry tree (Madroño), it was added to the seal in 1222, when a dispute between the church and the city council was resolved by King Alfonso VIII. Both parties laid claim to the forests and fields in the area, which were a vital resource. The king decided that the trees and land would belong to the city, while the animals would belong to the church. That way both groups are responsible for the upkeep of the area. Satisfied with the ruling, the city immediately altered its crest to include a tree. The bear was also changed to a standing position, the same composition as today.
Are madroños the same as strawberries?
Strawberry trees are no longer common around Madrid, and their fruit is different than the garden strawberries found in grocery stores. Madroños (the fruit of the strawberry tree) are small, round, red berries, and taste similar to figs. They are used for jams and beverages, as well as a liqueur by the same name. In fact, the mature fruit contains some alcohol, and ingestion can cause intoxication. Perhaps that explains the tree's popularity among medieval Madrileños.
Nowadays el Oso y el Madroño are a well established emblem of the city. The seven stars of the Ursa Major are also found on the flag of the Community of Madrid, and also represent the seven administrative areas of the city. This image welcomes and bids farewell to travelers on Madrid's many highways, a subtle nod to the history of the metropolis.
If you enjoyed this article about the Bear and the Strawberry Tree, check out the archive for more tree stories. Also check out the Facebook page, with a few extra tree goodies throughout the week. Subscribe below to receive notifications whenever a new tree story is published.
As always, feel free to drop a comment below. It's always nice to hear from you!
Follow Blog via Email
More reading:
http://ukspainlife.com/the-bear-and-the-strawberry-tree-historical-madrid/
http://juliegilley.typepad.com/my_far_and_away_blog/2012/11/madrids-official-symbol-the-bear-and-the-strawberry-tree.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbutus_unedo
UPDATE The image at the bottom shows what the new trains will presumably look like once they arrive.
Set to appear on city streets in 2017, SFMTA released images of the new Muni trains. Sleek. Cool. Confident. Were there an America's Next Top Public Transit Vehicle reality competition on the CW, this train model would definitely land in the final three.
Not only will the new trains replace the current fleet of 151, they will also expand it by 64. Which is a relief. Because the city needs more active public transit.
"The new trains (also known as light-rail vehicles) are being built by the renowned manufacturer Siemens at its factory in Sacramento," notes SF MTA. "With the new grant from CalSTA, which adds to the $41 million awarded for the train fleet from the cap-and-trade program last year, we now have the funding to replace the entire fleet and 42 of the additional trains."
What's more, the new Siemens trains will also (hopefully) prove more reliable than the current fleet.
SF MTA goes on: "The new trains have systems that are proven to go significantly longer in between breakdowns and, therefore, require less maintenance. The new Siemens design is projected to run an average of 59,000 miles without breakdowns, which is more than double the minimum of 25,000 miles originally specified."
Based on rider surveys, there will also be a slew of aesthetic and mechanical changes. For starters, the front steps will raise independently, which will allow operators "to raise only the front steps necessary for platform access, reducing wear on the other steps."
Also, colors on the digital destination signs, which are now yellow and difficult to read, "will display around the letter for each Metro line (J, K, L, M, N or T) to help riders distinguish the train's line more easily."
All said, it's still probably going to take 45 minutes at least to get to the Outer Sunset. But nothing beats that new Muni smell. Look for it early next year.
Iowa Representative Steve King, a Republican, on Thursday suggested that a Supreme Court ruling striking down state bans on gay marriage could lead to civil war.
The nation's highest court heard arguments in a case challenging bans in Ohio, Tennessee, Michigan and Kentucky on April 28. A ruling, which could lead to nationwide marriage equality, is expected in the next week.
Speaking to social conservatives gathered this week at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference, King warned that a ruling that doesn't uphold the bans could lead to civil unrest, much like the high court's 1857 Dred Scott decision that upheld slavery.
“Well, that turned into a civil war – 600,000 people killed to put an end to slavery – to sort that mess out,” King said.
They went on to compare the pending decision to Roe v. Wade, the 1973 case that found women have a right to abortion.
“Fast forward to Roe v. Wade, 1973, and what happens with that? The Supreme Court decides they are going to decide for us a huge social question, not rooted in law or the constitution,” King said. “They made it up as they went along, and what happens? We march every year until we come back to celebrate the end of Roe v. Wade.”
After weeks of preparation, hunters in Taloyoak, Nunavut, plan to set off this weekend in search of a bowhead whale.
It will be the first time in living memory that the community has hunted a whale.
First, the hunters will travel 35 kilometres overland to reach the Gulf of Boothia. They've already carried a lot of the supplies over, such as gas and ammunition.
Each year, three Nunavut communities are given licences to harvest one of the massive whales. Arctic Bay and Repulse Bay harvested their whales several weeks ago.
Of all the hunters leaving Taloyoak this weekend, only the captain has experience hunting bowheads.
Long a staple of Inuit culture, the Eastern Arctic bowhead became severely depleted by centuries of commercial whaling, starting in the 1500s. They first came under legal protection in the 1930s and numbers have since rebounded.
In 2009, its listing was changed from a threatened species to a species of special concern, the least serious designation under the federal Species at Risk Act.
President Trump in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Oct. 10. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
Opinion writer
President Trump's supporters have reveled in theirs and their administration's assault on the media. Trumpkins were thrilled when then-chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon declared the media to be the “opposition party.” Any unfavorable news could be written off as “fake news.” With the mainstream media discredited, Trump could keep their supporters loyal and their opponents on defense. Republicans officials, out of fear or indifference or mutual disdain for the media, haven't objected. Just blowing off Trump. Just being Trump. What could they actually do?
Well, lots, actually. The Post reports:
President Trump attacked NBC News on Wednesday, dismissing as “pure fiction” an explosive report that they had sought a massive increase in the nation's nuclear arsenal. On Twitter, Trump also raised the possibility that they would support stripping the broadcast licenses of news networks that report what they believe to be inaccurate information. The tweets came after NBC News reported that Trump purportedly told senior national security advisers during a meeting last summer that they favored what amounted to nearly a tenfold increase in nuclear weapons.
No president has publicly threatened to shut down a media outlet for unfavorable coverage. This is beyond the pale, further evidence that Trump seeks to emulate the thugs around the world like Russian President Vladimir Putin (whose alleged killing of journalists Trump once wrote off, because “our country does plenty of killing, too”), Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (whom they congratulated after a vote that outside observers found rife with irregularities) and Rodrigo Duterte, president of the Philippines (whose “drug war” Trump praised despite thousands of extrajudicial killings). House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), self-styled libertarians such as Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), self-proclaimed constitutional conservatives such as Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), high-minded “thought leaders” such as Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), once-independent and intellectually honest think tanks such as the Heritage Foundation and the entire retinue of Beltway right-wing groups that castigate the left nonstop would be horrified if a Democratic president ever suggested such a thing.
[President Trump may be too incompetent to destroy the First Amendment]
The threat acts to intimidate but also to signal to their executive-branch underlings, especially the Federal Communications Commission, that it is open season on Trump's critics. You may recall how horrified the right was when they concluded that President Barack Obama's hyper-partisanship created an “atmosphere” whereby the Internal Revenue Service was politicized and incentivized to go after conservative groups. Well, Obama never hinted that the IRS to shut down a conservative group; Trump has done more than hint that press outlets may face retribution for criticism.
Pass a resolution condemning the president's moral equivocation over Charlottesville? Would be a “partisan hack-fest,” says Ryan! Investigate emoluments or self-enrichment by a president getting rich off their office? No time for that. Condemn politicizing the bureaucracy to go after perceived liberal critics? They've got tax reform to deal with!
Consider by contrast the Trumpian defenders and other conservatives who've bashed Hollywood for years who now are in full dudgeon over the failure of Hollywood elite and docile entertainment press to out Harvey Weinstein years ago for their abusive behavior toward women. Hypocrites! Enablers! Complacent! In many cases, that would be true. But for Republicans who sit silently, who enable a president who abuses democracy and violates constitutional norms, and who refused to disqualify as president a serial abuser of women to decry hypocrisy and chide others for lacking moral courage and putting politics over morality is rich — and infuriating. Unlike with Hollywood's culture, however, voters can do something about Republican hypocrites and authoritarian enablers. There are only 391 days to the 2018 midterms.
The internet arrived, and broke stuff…
Well the last few days have been interesting for me, here is a brief overview of what went on.
Bodged together
A lot of my blog posts are cobbled together in around 10-20min with a bit of effort put in but nothing really too taxing, in one of my latest posts I decide to write a brief list on “30 cool ideas for your Raspberry PI project”. As you can see in the screenshot it was a fairly boring bullet point list of 30 things with links to external sites where you can read up in more detail on a project of choice.
Well after a few days the traffic started coming in from Google and I was quite content with my new blog post, while trawling through Google Analytics I noticed a bounce rate of around 90% for that page, well that sucks! First page on Google for “Raspberry Pi Ideas” but no one wants to actually read the content.
The website had also been submitted to a few social sites with similar disappointing interest, however to be honest I completely understand why! only one other up-vote on the screenshot below:
Revamp time!
So the plan was to revamp the page and see how that affected the bounce rate, basically I got some pictures for each of the 30 things and put them in a clean and simple HTML table, it did look considerably better for only a few minuets more work, how about another screen shot for comparison? Ok there you are at the right.
As I finished updating the layout I decided to resubmit the page to one social news site (hackernews), then monitored the traffic using Google Analytics real time to get a better idea of what people are doing.
Two active visitors, Ten, Thirty, cool people are actually looking at the content now and not bouncing straight away to another site!…. Eighty visitors now, Two Hundred active visitors…. What's going on here??
Well it turns out people did like the new design/layout even though the underlying content was exactly the same, and I was now on the front page of hacker news, peaking around number 3 and averaging around number 6 most of the time.
Everything Broke when the internet arrived
Over the next few hours I was battling trying to keep the server online, I might go into this a bit further in another post once I get some more metrics. However the basics are that CloudFlare (CDN function) didn't really help because it was PHP based CPU load that was killing me, not throughput. W3cache using a Memcache backend really saved the day, NewRelic is awesome for monitoring my configuration change effects in real time, and finally CDN77 has 100GB of free bandwidth which is also nice when you need some help ?
Even More traffic now…
Just as the site was back on it's feet people started flooding in from Twitter, Reddit (Raspberry_Pi) and also Google +1, people actually use Google +1 well that was news to me! Actually it's just edged out reddit for the second spot in Social traffic sources.
Another thing I have noticed, while the hackerne.ws traffic is fairly dependant on been on the front page it appears Reddit and Google are much more stable (so far), I expect this is because they have less churn of stories in their respective sections.
The site has now been fairly stable since the recent changes, and there is still a steady flow of traffic from some of the sources.
(Stats for last 36 hours only)
Conclusion
Put more effort into design, people like nice pictures and layouts
CloudFlare + Nginx isn't a solution on a slow server, get caching on there (memory not disk)
CDN's don't really help with CPU usage too much
As always, keep your solution simple (Memcache > Varnish)
Will do a more technical post soon!
Front page of Reddit for a few min
Front page of hackernews for 24 hours+
If you got this far, please don't forget to comment or even vote on HN or Reddit, Thank you 🙂
A federal jury in Portland, Ore., on Thursday acquitted Ammon Bundy and six followers in the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last winter, handing antigovernment activists a major legal victory in a case that put a national spotlight on the issue of federal land control in the West.
The nine-woman, three-man jury found Bundy, 41, their brother Ryan, 43, and the others not guilty of conspiracy to impede federal officers through intimidation, threats or force in the 41-day occupation of the refuge in the high desert of southeastern Oregon.
They also found the Bundy brothers and two others not guilty of a firearms charge related to the occupation.
The acquittals came on the first day of new deliberations, after Judge Anna J. Brown removed a juror accused of bias by a fellow panelist. The original jury began deliberating Oct. 20, but stopped Tuesday to ask the judge about the juror and another matter. Eleven other defendants in the case have pleaded guilty, while seven are set to stand trial in February.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Megyn Kelly seeks salary north of $20 million in contract talks with Fox News.
Republicans rode wave of popularity until they crushed the party.
CANNABIS CULTURE – Country music and pot community icon Willie Nelson has responded to their Friday arrest in Texas for marijuana possession by calling for the creation of a National “Teapot Party” to legalize marijuana.
In an email to popular pot website CelebStoner, the well-known singer wrote, “There's the Tea Party. How about the Teapot Party? Our motto: We lean a little to the left.”
“Tax it, regulate it and legalize it,” Nelson continued. “And stop the border wars over drugs. Why should the drug lords make all the money? Thousands of lives will be saved.”
Nelson was arrested at a US Border Patrol checkpoint in Sierra Blanca, Texas on the morning of Friday, November 26 when officers found six ounces of marijuana on their tour bus. Border guards said they smelled the strong odor of marijuana emanating from the vehicle and ordered a search. Nelson claimed the pot was theirs and was arrested with three others.
Nelson could face up to two years in prison according to press reports.
The Grammy Award-winning music star set up a Facebook Page on Sunday morning, Willie Nelson's Teapot Party, and it already has almost 8,000 ‘Likes'.
The 77-year-old Nelson has been a strong advocate for the legalization of marijuana, and has been arrested for cannabis at least twice before, including once in 1995 for a joint in their car ashtray, and again in 2006 with 1.5 pounds of pot (and three ounces of magic mushrooms) on their tour bus.
But would a Teapot Party get any support?
“If Willie gets behind something, you know it's going to be big and in your face,” legendary comedian Tommy Chong told CelebStoner. “Any pot party is a wonderful idea. It's about time we did something pro-active now. We're close – we just need something to push it over the top, and with Willie leading the way we're as good as gold.”
According to CelebStoner, NORML founder Keith Stroup also commented on the idea: “Smokers should never again vote for a candidate for public office who wants to treat us like criminals. If we would all do that, pro-pot candidates would begin picking up momentum, and before long, a majority of our elected officials would agree with the majority of the American public that responsible marijuana smokers should not be treated like criminals.”
Nelson is a long-time activist and co-founder of Farm Aid, a non-profit organization they started with Neil Young and John Mellencamp to “raise awareness about the loss of family farms and to raise funds to keep farm families on their land”.  They are also the founder of the Willie Nelson Peace Research Institute, distributor of their own blend of biodiesel fuel called “BioWillie”, and there is even a campaign to award them the Nobel Peace Prize for their activism.
The Tea Party Movement is a loosely-defined libertarian conservative populist group of politicians, activists and citizens that has gained popularity in the US since 2008.
There is no word yet on how this may affect Nelson's latest concert tour schedule.
Go to Willie Nelson's Teapot Party Facebook Page and click “Like”!
The new political director for Newt Gingrich's Iowa campaign thinks that some evangelicals believe God would reject Mitt Romney because of their Mormonism.
Craig Bergman during a focus group on Wednesday with The Iowa Republican and McClatchy newspapers said they think Romney's religion will eventually cost them votes.
“A lot of the evangelicals believe God would give us four more years of Obama just for the opportunity to expose the cult of Mormon,” Bergman said during the focus group, according to The Iowa Republican. “There's a thousand pastors ready to do that.”
UPDATE: In a statement this evening, the Gingrich campaign said Bergman had “agreed to step away from their role with Newt 2012.”
“He made a comment to a focus group prior to becoming an employee that is inconsistent with Newt 2012's pledge to run a positive and solutions orientated campaign,” spokesperson R.C. Hammond said in the statement.
In October, a Texas minister ignited a firestorm for attacking Romney's religion by calling it a “cult.” Robert Jeffress, a senior pastor at First Baptist Church in Dallas, was introducing rival presidential candidate Rick Perry at the Values Voter Summit on Oct. 7 when they made their comment.
Perry's campaign eventually disavowed Jeffress' statement.
Bergman apparently hadn't yet been hired by the Gingrich campaign when they participated in Wednesday's focus group. The Iowa Republican's editor, Craig Robinson, told The Des Moines Register this afternoon that Bergman identified themselves as an undecided voter.
Bergman, a Des Moines Republican, joined the Gingrich campaign on Thursday, according to a report by Real Clear Politics' Scott Conroy.
Linda Upmeyer, the chairperson for Gingrich's Iowa campaign, reached by telephone for reaction this afternoon, said she's never heard Gingrich themselves say anything negative about Mormonism.
“I've never had any discussion that resembled that with Speaker Gingrich,” Upmeyer said. “I have no doubt there are people that reject Mormonism but I've never engaged in a conversation regarding that, ever.”
Romney, in an interview with the Register's editorial board on Friday, said they don't think religion or spirituality should play a role in the election process.
“I don't think the particular faith of an individual should become an issue in a campaign, but again it's up to the people to decide what they want to do on their own. I think campaigns would be unwise to make a particular faith an issue in the campaign,” Romney said.
Bergman was the state director of Fair Tax for Iowa, the Register reported in August. They worked for Ron Paul's campaign four years ago.
Recommended Photos
Financial policy committee also warns of possible run on sterling and higher interest rates for mortgages in boost for remain side
The Bank of England has given David Cameron a significant boost ahead of the EU referendum by warning that a vote to leave risks causing a run on sterling, a credit crunch and higher interest rates for mortgage payers and businesses.
Threadneedle Street said the closely fought campaign posed the “most significant near term” domestic risk to financial stability, after one of its key policy committees weighed up the consequences of Britain ending its 43-year relationship with the EU.
Although neither Downing Street nor the Treasury responded to the statement from the Bank's financial policy committee (FPC), the prime minister and the chancellor, George Osborne, will find its assessment useful as they attempt to make the case for a remain vote on 23 June.
The Bank has deliberately made no comment about the long-term costs and benefits of Britain remaining in the EU, but is making contingency plans for the turbulence that it expects – in the UK and the eurozone – in the event that the Brexit camp prevails.
The FPC statement warned that “heightened and prolonged uncertainty” had the potential to drive up interest rates for a wide range of assets, “which could lead to a further depreciation of sterling and affect the cost and availability of financing for a broad range of UK borrowers”.
It said the pressures had the potential to heighten existing vulnerabilities for financial stability, stressing the fact that Britain relied on foreign investors to fund a balance of payments deficit on current account that was “high by historical and international standards”.
That shortfall, the FPC said, could only be financed through continuing hefty inflows of direct investment and speculative cash, and there would be an impact for the cost of government borrowing and the property market if they dried up.
“Those flows have contributed to the financing of the public sector financial deficit and corporate investment, including in commercial real estate,” the FPC said.
A decision by the UK to withdraw from the EU could “spill over to the euro area, driving up risk premia and further diminishing the prospects for growth there,” it added.
Mark Carney, the Bank's governor, told MPs this month that the referendum was the main homegrown threat to stability, but the FPChas formalised the threat and given it the backing of the full committee. It also sets out in stark terms the potential impact on the government and households if markets take fright at a possible vote to leave.
The campaign to stay in the EU seized on the FPC's warning, emphasising the fact that it is made up of experts independent of Carney, who chairs the committee. Their warning to MPs caused a political row as leave supporters accused them of compromising the Bank's independence.
The former chancellor Alistair Darling said: “This assessment makes it clear our economy would be more vulnerable and less resilient if we vote to leave the EU – leading to higher mortgage rates for families and higher interest rates for Britain's businesses. It is a serious piece of work that should make everyone think twice about irresponsibly gambling with people's jobs and livelihoods.”
Matthew Elliott, the chief executive of Vote Leave, said: “The biggest risk to the UK economy, a risk that even the Bank of England acknowledges, is Britain remaining in a declining political union where we are outvoted and our trade is held back. Even pro-EU campaigners have admitted that after we vote leave on 23 June, we will secure a deal where the economy will grow and jobs will be created. The safest thing for our economic security is to spend our money on our priorities.”
Whether it likes it or not, Bank of England is in the thick of Brexit debate Read more
The FPC said: “The FPC judges that the outlook for financial stability in the UK has deteriorated since it last met in November 2015. Domestic risks have been supplemented by risks around the EU referendum.”
Bank of England must burst the buy-to-let bubble now Read more
The EU vote was an added threat to financial stability on top of risks that were on the rise, it added. Household debt is relatively high and the risks from credit growth have risen beyond their subdued levels following the financial crisis, though they are not yet “elevated”, the committee said.
The Bank is taking action to rein in buy-to-let mortgage lending, which it has been watching with concern for some time. Last year, the stock of buy-to-let mortgages increased by 11.5%, while the stock of lending to owner occupiers remained unchanged.
The market has leapt back into life over the past three years after slumping during the financial crisis. Last year, gross lending for buy-to-let property jumped to about £37bn, up from less than £10bn in 2009 and approaching the peak of almost £45bn in 2007.
Lenders plan to increase buy-to-let lending by an average of 20% a year over the next two years, the Bank's regulatory arm, the Prudential Regulation Authority, found. About a quarter of lenders were applying weaker lending standards than the market norm, raising fears that they will suffer large losses if the market changes.
The PRA, the Bank's regulation arm, is concerned that changes to mortgage interest tax relief for landlords will strain buy-to-let borrowers and that only a few lenders include this risk when assessing mortgage applications.
It set out measures that it predicted would reduce the number of new buy-to-let mortgages by between 10% and 20% during 2018:
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. rew Angerer/Getty Images A $13 billion hedge fund says there's an aspect to Jeff Bezos' bid for Whole Foods that is "pure genius" - the fact that Amazon is valued so highly by the market.
Highfields Capital Management, a Boston-based hedge fund that flies under the radar, sent a letter to clients this week that lays out the reasoning. A copy of the letter, which is private, was reviewed by Business Insider.
Here's what the founder, Jonathon S. Jacobson, wrote (emphasis added):
"Amazon's strategy will be to slash Whole Foods' margins by cutting prices drastically. This is the bear case for Target, Walmart, Kroger, AutoZone, O'Reilly, HD Supply, Fastenal, W.W. Grainger, Michaels, Dollar General and Dollar Tree - just to name a handful...
Amazon is paying a huge premium to the current market price for a business where its strategy will be to slash its profitability for the foreseeable future in order to grow market share. That's an awful lot of gross margin dollars to make up, particularly if you have to earn a return on your investment. But get this: Amazon doesn't, because its stock trades at almost 100x earnings and there is no market expectation of current profitability. Given this reality, Amazon can invest for the truly long term and earn its cost of capital - because it is close to zero! That is the true genius of this deal and highly illustrative of one of the most valuable competitive advantages that Jeff Bezos enjoys."
A Highfields spokesperson declined to comment.
Jacobson also highlighted their concerns over quants - one of the biggest trends in investing - in their letter to clients.
The Highfields Capital IV LP fund, the firm's biggest fund with about $5.6 billion under management, returned 1.2% for the first half of the year, according to investor documents. That's compared to a 9.3% gain in the S&P 500 and 11% gain for the MSCI World Index over the same period.
Wherein Aisha Tyler warns that she'd "Bring a knife" and H. Jon Benjamin say's "I happen to be Jewish.."
I've always wondered just how popular FX's Archer is. My friends watch it but, you know, my friends aren't exactly normal…we use Archer-isms in our normal conversation all the time.
Based on the line that went in loops along the boardwalk outside of the Hilton here in San Diego - I had no reason to doubt. I convinced a very nice security guard on the importance of ComicBook.com to get my way into the room with the panel, skipping the line which I had no chance of getting in the room at all. Most of the cast was in attendance for an expletive laden conversation ranging from their life outside of Archer to their eating habits (can't get into it here in this blog… needless to say it involved 'eating a bowl of [a bodily fluid]")
The panel included H. Jon Benjamin [Archer], Amber Nash [Pam], Chris Parnell [Cyril], Aisha Tyler and Adam Reed [creator/writer/Ray Gillette] The Q&A was a combination of enlightening and sickening (in a good way).
The cast never stopped cracking each other up with come backs and personal jabs. When asked how they keep their spirits up in the recording studio Chris Parnell answered without a beat "cocaine" - the whole cast concurred. The question what was their favorite line brought a lot of conversation - nearly all agreeing that Pam had all the best lines - Amber, Pam's voice saying their favorite was "You make me sound like some kind of chupacabra. But for d--ks.” H. Jon Benjamin's was another from Pam "I swear to God, you could drown a toddler in my panties right now." What may come as no surprise of fans of the show, they occasionally have problems with the censors. Adam Reed told the story of 'Swiss Miss' - where a 16 year old girl continually got after Archer - Adam wanted the girls age to be 14 as that was the age of consent in Switzerland. The FX code person replied that it was "not the age of consent at the Fox Family."
The cast was also asked if their was a live action movie version of Archer - who would they want to play their role. Chris Parnell said no to the chants of the audience yelling YOU! YOU! Chris claimed they were too short to play Cyril. Aisha on the other hand threatened to "cut a b---h" and to "fight anyone who would try to take this role from me." I do believe they were completely serious [note to self, do not cross Aisha Tyler]. H. Jon said John Hamm to the audiences approval and Adam came up with "that guy who created Alf." Here's a quick rundown on the spoilers that we were given ------- So again, to warn you SPOILERS BELOW! CONSIDER YOURSELF WARNED.
The Foundling Princess of Mithila: KR Srinivasa Iyengar's Sitayana
Ahana Lakshmi talks about their grandfather, K R Srinivasa Iyengar's wonderful book Sitayana…
Sitayah Charitham Mahat. The Glorious Tale of Sita.
The story of Sita and Rama has been told and retold many times by many people in many forms since it was created. Over the centuries, creative writers have struggled to project Sita in all their purity and nobility and maternal love. The more they write, the more there is to be said.  They are one of us, contemporaneous because their story is our story too.
The outline of the story is simple. Sita, a babe discovered by a childless king while wielding a plough as part of a ritual, was eventually married to the god-like prince Rama. The prince was exiled and they followed them into the forest where they were kidnapped by a rakshasa and taken away to their country. They were imprisoned there and finally set free by their husband and their army, but had to undergo an ordeal through fire before they were accepted by their husband. They returned victorious to their country and were crowned king and queen. That, unfortunately, was not the end of the story. Pregnant now, they were exiled by their husband, the king, on the strength of mere rumours, thus facing a second terrible rejection, and finally withdrew to Mother Earth from whence they had emerged. While there are points of jubilation, the sojourn as a captive and their days at Valmiki's ashrama after the final rejection are times for introspection.
There are many versions of the Ramayana in India and elsewhere too. There is the original Valmiki and then, Tulsidas and Kamban who came later. There are modern versions, retellings based on the original. Then, there are a few who have written the life of Sita. It is not an easy story to write, so full of trials and tribulations it is. It has to be pointed out that not all writers have accepted the trials and rejections. There is no reference to any ‘trial by fire' in the works of the Tamil Bhakti Movement (3rd to 9th century A.D.) The great Tamil poet Kamban deals with the ‘trial by fire' in the Yuddha Kanda but turns away from the later rejections. However, Sita has come to be associated with the three ‘rejections' in popular mythology. Nonetheless, it is a glorious life and a glorious tale, as pointed out by C. Rajagopalachari who says:
“If, even after the fire-ordeal in the Yuddhakanda, it is said in the Uttarakanda that Seeta was sent to the forest, we may take it that it mirrors the voiceless and endless suffering of our womenfolk…The tenderness and purity and the untold sufferings of women took shape as the Uttara Ramayana. Like an unflickering lamp, it throws light on the quality of their hearts.” (Ramayana 33rd edition, 2000, pp. 475-6)
K.R. Srinivasa Iyengar's Sitayana is the re-telling of the Ramayana as Sita's story in verse. Professor Iyengar, doyen of Indian Writing in English and the official biographer of Sri Aurobindo and The Mother of Pondicherry, first translated the Sundara Kanda of Valmiki in verse form. It was published by the Sahitya Akademi, Delhi, as ‘The Epic Beautiful' in 1983. While translating the Sundara Kanda, they were held increasingly captive by the Ramayana action as Sita's story. It was Sita everywhere for them and they also referred to the Sundara Kanda as Sitayana in their introduction to The Epic Beautiful. They began writing the Sitayana on 1st January 1983 with the prologue:
“Of womanhood I write, of the travail
and glory of motherhood;
of Prakriti and their infinite modes
and unceasing variety;
of the primordial Shakti's myriad
manifestations on earth;
of the lure and leap of transcendences
of the ruby feminine”.
They write in their introduction: “Sitayana is ‘Sita's saga sublime', the story of their birth, childhood and girlhood, their marriage to Rama, their life as exiles in Dandaka for 13 years, their-year-long separation and reunion, their Coronation at Ayodhya, their second sundering from Rama, their crown of motherhood, and the last scene of their self-transcendence and return to their Earth-Mother. But they aren't really separated from Rama; they are also enshrined in the hearts of Lakshmana, Hanuman and Trijata. And in our hearts too. This is the quintessential story: the rest is the needed ballast and scaffolding”.
Sitayana is in seven books that correspond to the seven Kandas or Books in Valmiki's epic (Bala, Ayodhya, Aranya, Kishkinda, Sundara, Yuddha and Uttara). Here the major events of Sita's life are retold in Mithila, Ayodhya, Aranya, Asoka, Yuddha, Rajya and Ashrama. Containing 5995 stanzas (with the Prologue and Epilogue each contributing another 12) Sitayana was written in the 10-7-10-7 syllabia unrhymed quatrain measure. The seven Books are further divided into seventy seven cantos, each Book comprising eleven cantos. It is a full length recital in English verse of the original story but with Sita as the hero.
The narration draws primarily on Valmiki's Ramayana but there is also the influence of Tulsidas and Kamban apart from the extensive influence of the times, especially when Sitayana was being written (in the early nineteen eighties). Thus, while there is a good deal of direct translation from Valmiki, there is also plenty of impro­visation, though there is never a deviation in the personality of the characters from the original. The book is not only about Sita, but also on all the other women who appear in the story, elaborating on their thoughts and thought-processes, making it obviously woman-centric. While providing the ‘necessary ballast and scaffolding', Iyengar weaves into their narration, events and actions that one does not commonly hear and viewpoints that are not highlighted in most narratives, and in a manner that is contemporaneous as well.
The narration opens with the arrival of Narada in Janaka's kingdom:
The famed philosopher-king Janaka,
paid obeisance to the Bard
of the Worlds, Narada, as they floated
into Mithila's domain. (1:1)
Seated in the audience hall, they have a conversation where Janaka asks why the world continues to enact a “wearisome agenda” where “might, courage and cunning have been mastered by like but enhanced powers.” How do the unprivileged manage to endure and even thrive? They do so because of the presence of Love, says Narada:
Trump is tearing their own party apart, with House Republicans openly booing and hissing members of the administration.
Republicans are extremely upset at Donald Trump after they went into talks with Democrats over the debt limit and came out on the short end of the deal. And they're not shy about it.
The Associated Press reports that House Republicans “hissed and booed” Trump administration officials as they tried to coax them to vote for the package.
Democratic leaders Sen. Chuck Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi secured a deal with Trump that would provide $15 billion in hurricane disaster relief in exchange for an increase in the debt limit.
On top of that announcement, Trump even handed over the keys to their highly-prized Twitter account to Pelosi, who noted in a press conference that after they asked Trump to tweet encouragement to DACA recipients, “Boom, boom, boom, the tweet appeared.”
The defeats and concessions have contributed to a growing sense of panic and worry among Republicans, who now see Trump throwing them under the bus as they try — likely in vain — to rescue their unpopular presidency by following the lead of Democrats.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin pleaded with House Republicans in a closed-door session to “vote for the debt ceiling for me.” But despite the desperate request, the administration is in the dog house with their own party.
Rep. Ted Yoho (R-FL) derided Mnuchin in a comment to AP: “Ha. He's not one of my constituents.”
Trump budget director Mick Mulvaney, a former tea party member of congress, was even less successful. Their past hardline position against debt increases were likely on the minds of Republican members of congress as, in the AP's reporting, “He was booed when they stepped up to speak.”
Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA) characterized the tone of the meeting, remarking, “Everyone's moaning and groaning, like, ‘You've got to be kidding me'.”
Republicans nominated and voted for Trump, they have backed them even as they tried to take health insurance away from millions, instituted a Muslim ban, expressed sympathy for white supremacists, and on and on.
They will be tied to them forever. But now it appears, at long last, pangs of extreme buyer's remorse are finally starting to have an impact.
Background
Anna Pawlicka's talk at the conj is about Om, David Nolen‘s project, started in December of 2013. It's essentially a wrapper around Facebook's React. It's a way to define HTML components functionally and has been making quite a splash.
David Nolen's talk at Clojure/West relates Om and React to the history of the GUI. It's the best high-level introduction I can imagine and discusses the ideas that motivated its design. If you watch one video to prepare for this talk, this should be it.
For a good talk about React itself, check out Pete Hunt's talk Be Predictable, Not Correct. He's one of the main contributors to React and has been evangelizing it.
Why it matters
React is significant because it is very different from other Javascript MVC frameworks. It takes a very functional approach instead of object oriented. React makes much easier to reason about the UI. Om has also made waves because David Nolen has shown that using ClojureScript's immutable data structures with React can be faster than Backbone.js (a very popular library) even though immutable data is commonly considered slower than mutable data.
About Anna Pawlicka
Twitter – Github – Blog
Anna Pawlicka recently gave a talk at EuroClojure about Reactive data visualisations with Om. The slides are available (they're not visible in the video).
Introduction
Anna Pawlicka generously agreed to do an interview about their talk at Clojure/conj. The background to their talk is available, if you like.
Interview
PurelyFunctional.tv: How did you get into Clojure?
Anna Pawlicka: During my final year at university I was looking for a contract work or a summer internship and my recruiter suggested a big data startup. Description mentioned Clojure so I solved some 4clojure problems and they sparked my interest. Computer Science course I studied was mostly based on Java so it was refreshing if not challenging to try functional programming. I got a Clojure in Action book, applied for the internship and luckily was offered the job. It was a fun summer: lots of Cascalog queries, friendly Clojure Dojos and interesting talks organised by London Clojure Community. It felt like home and you don't walk away from that feeling. I stayed for both the language and community.
PF.tv: You've been presenting and blogging a lot about Om. What are you using Om for and why?
AP: We've been recently working on a building performance platform at Mastodon C (project is open sourced). It's built around high volumes of data and big part of it was UI programming. We were looking for something that performs well but isn't t too complex and Om came out just in time for us to solve this problem. We've built the entire UI using Om and we combined it with d3.js and core.async for nice data visualisations and user interaction. I don't think we'd be able to achieve that using vanilla JavaScript. Sure, there were some bumps along the way but the overall reusability makes it worth a while. Outside of my day job I'm working on a in-browser genetic algorithm testing tool, using Om and Quil, but with all the presenting and other activities I had to pause the development for a while.
PF.tv: I've used React or Om for a few things and it quite simply enables me to develop UI interaction that would be too intricate otherwise. How has your experience with Om been relative to other frameworks?
AP: I haven't used any frameworks as it's just easier to mix and match various Clojure/ClojureScript libraries depending on one's needs. Om was the first library we've tried for interacting with React and it suited our needs well enough that we haven't had the need to try anything else. If you choose a framework, like let's say Hoplon, you have to go with its programming model and you lose the ability to control every part of your stack.
PF.tv: You say you're using Om with d3.js. Om is a very functional style, while d3 uses mutation pervasively. How does the integration work? How well do they work together?
AP: Fortunately both are driven by data so having d3 visualisations render on your application state change makes perfect sense. I use interop a lot, and although it doesn't look as nice as pure ClojureScript, it does the job. We can easily replace iteration methods like map and reduce with their ClojureScript alternatives. The only problem is the type coercion between Clojure's data structures and JavaScript's Object. It's not always immediately clear which one should be used where. The perfect option would be to control SVG via Om (or similar library) and use C2's functions to calculate path data. But I haven't tried that myself yet. Charts I've been working on are quite complex and d3 comes with this gold mine of resources that none of the other visualisation libraries has. I'm not yet done experimenting though.
PF.tv: Can you explain the basic models of Om and d3?
AP: D3 performs data-driven DOM manipulation, e.g. you can build a bar chart out of an array of numbers and when your data changes so will your chart. D3 can manipulate any part of DOM and has lots of helper functions to compute our visualisations. React/Om works on DOM as well – we write functions that translate our data into a DOM, but the difference is that the DOM is virtual. Each time the data changes, React/Om compares the old and new state and computes the minimal set of transformations that will be applied to the real DOM. DOM operations are slow so naturally this virtual representation speeds things up by skipping unnecessary transformations. This means that both Om and d3 want to be in control of the DOM inside our component. To make use of both libraries, you can either have Om take care of everything (but this means we need to write functions to compute paths, scales, etc.), or you could use d3's scales, projection helpers and path generation while having Om generate and manage SVG, or you can have an empty div rendered by Om and allow d3 to generate and manipulate the SVG inside. The latter is the most common approach, probably because we leave the decision whether to re-render to Om (skipping any insignificant data changes), and when Om decides to render the component, d3 takes care of the rest. We combine the best of both.
My talk will include some of that, with examples, since you can't have a dashboard without a nice chart 🙂
PF.tv: I see. It sounds like they work well together. I wouldn't have guessed that.
In the talk you mention live data. How does your system handle that?
AP: I don't have an actual system that I plan to demo – the talk is based around various ways to create, reuse and combine Om components to display data. Long polling and HTTP streaming are available through HTTP Kit, but I also like how Sente combines that with core.async. But the focus is mainly on the components themselves – how you can mix and match them.
PF.tv: Really cool.
Talks are always limited in time, and there's lots of context that you assume people have (or wish they have). What is something people can learn more about to help them get ready for your talk?
AP: I will try to keep the talk as self contained as possible, but I won't be able to cover things like the basics of web development with ClojureScript – this would be material for a separate talk. However, more and more people are using ClojureScript so I hope most of the attendees shouldn't have a problem with that. Those who feel that they need to prepare more will find lots of resources online.
PF.tv: Where can people follow your adventures online?
AP: The usual: Twitter, my blog and GitHub account. I'm also often on #clojure and #clojurescript IRC channels if someone wants to chat.
PF.tv: Ok. One last question: when they make a movie about programming languages, who will play Clojure?
AP: That's a tricky one! I'd say Leonardo DiCaprio since he's one of the best actors yet still without an Oscar (read: very good but underappreciated) 🙂
PF.tv: Thanks for a great, informative interview.
AP: Thanks for putting this together. It was my first interview and it was fun 🙂
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- Season-ticket sales for the upcoming campaign have already broken records. Their preseason ranking in the USA Today Coaches Poll sits in the top 10, among college basketball's elite. The Oct. 5 meet the team event hosted larger crowds than ever before, with lines winding around the floor of John Paul Jones Arena as more than 1,000 fans waited to take photos and receive autographs. Virginia hasn't hosted a Midnight Madness practice in its eight-year-old arena before -- but it might need to start.
Throughout Charlottesville, the excitement and anticipation over the Cavaliers' record-setting 2013-14 season -- and the year ahead -- are palpable. But one group is ignoring the hype: the Cavaliers themselves.
Tony Bennett zeroes in on their targets early and finds the right fits. Jeff Borzello looks at how Virginia has grown under him.
John Gasaway previews the 2014-15 season for the Virginia Cavaliers. Although unlikely to repeat as ACC champ, Tony Bennett's team can still make a deep March run.
Coach Tony Bennett's message to their squad is simple: The past is the past. The future is uncertain. And only the Cavaliers can control whether that means a better -- or worse -- outcome.
"I've used the quote that a high school coach told me, 'Always thankful, never satisfied,'" Bennett said. "I don't think you can not address last year, but you also can't sit there and live in it. It's that idea of our program continuing to embrace what they have to do. We need to be just as hungry and have that worker mentality."
While the Cavaliers entered most of last season's early matchups as an underdog, their No. 8 national ranking heading into their first game at James Madison on Nov. 14 is proof of a program on the rise. Indeed, the numbers don't lie: Virginia is the only ACC team to improve its win total each season over the past five years.
Now, under Bennett, a sixth-year coach who signed a seven-year contract extension with the Cavaliers during the offseason, Virginia will look to defend its conference championship and improve on its 30-7 record.
But this season may be about more than results. With another strong conference finish, can the Cavaliers move one step closer to establishing themselves as a dominant program among the powerhouses of the ACC?
Last season's squad stumbled a few times early, losing nonconference games to Wisconsin, VCU, Green Bay and Tennessee. After losing to Duke on Jan. 13, the Cavaliers went on to win their next 13 games, claiming the regular-season ACC title. They beat Duke in the ACC tournament title game, becoming the first team in Cavaliers' history to win both the ACC regular-season and tournament championships. The Hoos earned a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament but lost a two-point game to Michigan State in the Sweet Sixteen.
This season's team will be without two of the biggest stars of 2013-14, sharpshooter Joe Harris and defensive stopper Akil Mitchell, both of whom graduated. How the team fills those holes -- and how the remaining upperclassmen shift their respective roles -- will be an early indicator of where the Hoos are headed.
"[This season] we'll do it differently," Bennett said. "But we'll still have some good guys, and some of those new guys will have great opportunities. But how efficient they play, how unselfish they play while running our offense to score will determine it."
Tony Bennett won just 15 games in their first season. In March, the Cavaliers were two points away from the Elite Eight but fell to Michigan State. Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post via Getty Images
Veteran players have returned stronger and leaner after a summer working with UVa strength coach Mike Curtis, whom Bennett calls "the best strength coach in the country." Sophomore point guard London Perrantes, whose steady hands and consistent play last season were a key part of the Cavaliers' success, said they worked on their midrange jumper, 3-point shot and leadership skills. Junior standout Malcolm Brogdon, who may see a lot of double-team defenses like Harris experienced, emphasized versatility and depth. Center Mike Tobey, whose play was marked by inconsistency last season, focused on getting stronger. Junior forward Evan Nolte concentrated on coming off screens, moving, shooting and ballhandling. And Justin Anderson, last season's ACC Sixth Man of the Year, has returned slimmer and stronger, improving their quickness and endurance.
"Filling in the gaps for Joe and Akil -- for Akil, we need Anthony [Gill] to play a huge role and fill in that gap," said Nolte. "Lots of offensive boards that we need to make up and be active on the offensive and defensive end. With Joe, they were our best shooter, so trying to be as consistent as we can shooting the ball. I think playing to our strengths and everyone stays in their line and playing their roles will help fill that in."
The Cavaliers also have a five-member first-year student class that includes redshirt first-year student Devon Hall. This is another marker of what may become the norm for Bennett's programs: While players like Harris, Mitchell, former Cavalier Mike Scott and Perrantes were needed early and often in their first years of play, this first-year class may not have to jump into action as quickly.
"This year, the first-year student, we'll need a few. And if they're ready, they'll be a part, but if not, they'll have time," Bennett said. "When you have more upperclassmen in your program, that's a healthier spot to be in."
How the 45-year-old coach and their staff fit these pieces together, as well as how quickly the freshmen adapt to their defense-heavy, slower-paced play, will tell a lot about their program, both where it stands and where it's headed.
"Tony is a good teacher. They play good fundamental basketball, and because he's a good guy at a great school and an outstanding coach, he's been able to attract really good talent and they know how to use that talent," Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski said. "What he's done is not coach a team; he's built a program. And not many people do that."
A program whose cornerstone, the pack-line defense, has become nationally known. The Cavaliers led the nation in scoring defense last season, allowing opponents just 55.7 points per game. Teaching the defensive style to new players takes time, as does adjust to a bigger, more physical team like this season's Cavaliers. Still, Bennett is a patient teacher, rarely screaming at their players on the sideline but instead shaking their head or offering advice one-on-one. As last season proved in the latter half, once their players find their rhythm, they are difficult to stop.
Last season, Virginia won the ACC's regular-season crown for the first time since 2007, when the Cavs shared it with North Carolina. Geoff Burke/USA TODAY Sports
"The details are so present when you watch their defensive stuff -- the way they move, the way they help, the footwork, the extension of the arms, the hands, the heads that are constantly moving," Davidson coach Bob McKillop said. "And then you go to the offensive end and you see the same partnerships, cohesiveness. They see the game very, very well. As a result, they become tough to guard. I'm a great believer that set plays are easy to spot, principles are not. Their offense is based on a really fundamentally sound belief in principles."
One of which is to remain focused and ignore the buildup swirling around the program.
"We rarely talk about the hype outside," Perrantes said. "We clock in, work hard, and that's nothing different than last year. The coaches help with that a lot; they're very humble. We're hard workers, and we've got to learn how to play with a bull's-eye on our back."
They will meet that bull's-eye with not only a strong defense but also a balanced offense whose scoring average has increased slightly in each of the past four seasons. As a result, the Cavaliers have become more exciting to watch, as the rowdy crowds inside JPJ Arena -- and increased television time -- have shown.
Bennett said that at times last season the Cavaliers showed flashes of what they hope for their teams: steadiness, soundness and control to "impose their will on the game." They will aim for that again this season and perhaps, in the process, become a consistent top contender alongside the major programs of the conference for years to come.
"I read about a golfer that was trying to make the tour school, and they said expectations or pressure means you've done something good and you're close to something really good," Bennett said. "I thought, 'That's a good way to look at it.' In this regard, you've done something well, but perhaps you're close to something really good."
Recently, professors Shaffer and Richards recommended finishing the costly Site C project in order to reduce carbon emissions in Alberta. This proposal compounds the sunk-costs fallacy with a curious desire to ship expensive electricity to Alberta — where much-cheaper alternatives are also available.
First, the technical name for throwing good money after bad is the “Sunk-Costs Fallacy.” Our newest Nobel laureate in economics, Dr. Richard Thaler, was awarded this honour for their work in behavioural economics. Here is what they have to say on the Sunk-Costs Fallacy:
This fallacy, which is related to status-quo bias, can also be viewed as bias resulting from an ongoing commitment. For example, individuals sometimes order too much food and then over-eat ‘just to get their money's worth.' Similarly, a person may have a $20 ticket to a concert and then drive for hours through a blizzard, just because s/he feels that s/he has to attend due to having made the initial investment. If the costs outweigh the benefits, the extra costs incurred (inconvenience, time or even money) are held in a different mental account than the one associated with the ticket transaction.
The key to professor Shaffer and Richards' mistake is that the sunk costs of Site C have actually been spent. The funds can't be recovered. Even when the $9-billion-plus cost of Site C are reduced by the costs already spent, the project still can't compete with more modern technologies.
Second, following a good objective with poorly thought-out methods for achieving the objectives misses the point. Terminating Site C provides B.C. with a $2-billion to $4-billion dividend.
Site C is significantly more costly than existing alternatives (about $1,000 for every adult in B.C.) like wind, solar and geothermal. Site C is also more expensive than renewables in all of the areas surrounding B.C. — not just here.
If the prudent goal is to subsidize Alberta's shift away from coal, the best approach would be to build wind, geothermal and solar projects in Alberta. This would avoid building transmission lines to get the expensive Site C power to Alberta. Even better, B.C. could build the renewable projects and sell the output to utilities in Alberta — achieving two good objectives — preventing global warming and making a profit for B.C. taxpayers.
Paraphrasing Thaler: Throwing good money after bad is a bad idea. Throwing good money after bad in order to subsidize your neighbour might be even worse.
If, as we have discovered in the course of the Site C Inquiry, renewables are much-less costlier than Site C, building Site C to help reduce greenhouse gases in Alberta is a much more expensive alternative than simply building renewables in Alberta.
Let's go ahead to seize the massive Site C termination dividend now, while there is still time, and then discuss how to apply the dividend prudently — in B.C.
Robert McCullough is principal of McCullough Research in Portland, Ore., and has advised governments, utilities and Aboriginal groups on energy, metals, paper and chemical issues.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.</p
Some animal advocates will respond to these words with some feelings of frustration, saying that being vegan is taking direct action for animals. And while eschewing animal products is certainly the moral baseline, because eating animal products is not ethical, it is only the beginning. All we are doing, in being vegan, is preventing a few more dollars from going into the pockets of animal agriculture. Our impact on weakening the system is negligible. Each of our independent consumer choices little impact on animal agriculture.
This article isn't about boycotting Whole Foods. Most people don't live in an area that has an all-vegan grocery store, and vegan grocery stores, if they do exist where we live, often don't have all of the staples that we need and often are more expensive than their not-exclusively-vegan counterparts. So while supporting all-vegan businesses is admirable, that's not our request.
Vegans must always keep in mind that a corporation or restaurant that is “vegan-friendly” may not be "animal-friendly.” A steakhouse or a dairy ice cream parlor could be “vegan-friendly” if it offers a vegan meal or ice cream flavor that vegan humans can buy and eat. But just because a place has “vegan options” for your consumer pleasure doesn't mean that it does not perform acts of tremendous violence and exploitation to nonhuman animals. Don't let the halo effect of those swanky vegan options pacify you and prevent you, a human with a voice, from speaking out against violence and remembering that veganism is but one part of liberating animals.
Because we are only 2% of the population, our boycott has a limited impact and doesn't even rescue animals from death. We must empower and educate others. Many of us have only begun to participate in the lifelong and multistep process of animal liberation:
Boycott (refuse to financially support industries that exploit animals for food, clothing, entertainment, research). Disrupt speciesism (speak out to stop violence against animals). Save lives (by financially and physically supporting animal sanctuaries and fostering or adopting animals ourselves, so the survivors of these systems of exploitation can live lives free from violence).
Animal advocates should always center their actions and rhetoric around the plight of the animals, and their stories of both oppression and liberation. The video, though it was produced and published by an animal advocacy organization, did not even mention the exploitation of animals. Animal liberationists aren't doing this work because the food is tastier or the clothes are more fashionable. We do this because nonhuman animal voices are silenced, and because we are liberationists fighting for human and nonhuman self-determination, bodily autonomy and justice.
Whole Foods, and other animalmongers that market themselves as green, ethical, compassionate companies, do not care about animals. Whole Foods cares about profit, whether the dollars they are generating come from vegans or animal eaters; so, they engage in expensive and complex humanewashing to deceive us all. We as a movement should be aware of how vegan consumerism and non-animal-centered messaging bolster Whole Foods' reputation and play into their bloody hands.
Learn more about why DxE is targeting Whole Foods in our latest campaign.
Republicans, who have passed nearly all of the new voting laws, say the restrictions are needed to prevent fraud. Democrats note that such fraud almost never happens, and say that the laws will make it harder for young people and members of minorities, who tend to support Democrats, to vote.
Chris Cate, the communications director for Florida's Department of State, which oversees the state's Division of Elections, questioned how much of the decline in registrations should be attributed to the new law, noting that four years ago Floridians were registering to vote in both Democratic and Republican presidential primaries, and gearing up for a constitutional amendment about property taxes , which generated interest and enthusiasm. “To suggest the new elections law had a greater impact on voter registration than the election ballot itself is a leap of logic,” Mr. Cate said.
The law in Florida, which was passed by a Republican-controlled Legislature and signed into law by Gov. Rick Scott , a Republican, also reduces the number of early voting days in the state. While the effects of those changes may not be seen until the fall, the new restrictions on voter registrations are already being felt — as Sabu L. Williams, the president of the Okaloosa County Branch of the N.A.A.C.P. , discovered this year when they registered some voters during the Martin Luther King 's Birthday weekend.
Mr. Williams's group registered two voters on the Sunday of the three-day weekend, and noted the time, as required by the law: 2:15 p.m. and 2:20 p.m. When the local elections office reopened on Tuesday, Jan. 17, the group handed the forms in. They were stamped as received at 3:53 p.m.
Photo
This resulted in a warning letter from Secretary of State Kurt S. Browning, who noted that the state can levy fines of $50 for each late application, with an annual cap of $1,000 in fines per group. “In your case, although the supervisor's office was closed on Monday, Jan. 16, the 48-hour period ended for the two applications on Jan. 17 at 2:15 p.m. and 2:20 p.m.; therefore, the applications were untimely under the law,” Mr. Browning wrote. The letter said that “any future violation of the third-party voter registration law may result in my referral of the matter to the attorney general for an enforcement action.”
Mr. Williams said they could not believe it. “We're out here trying to register voters, and I'm being threatened for doing it because we missed the time limit by around an hour — and we're doing it on the first business day they were open!” they said. But they vowed to continue registering voters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Cate, the spokesperson for the Department of State, said the letter was meant to inform Mr. Williams of the law, which they said was a typical response when the state believed that someone had been unaware of the law and violated it unintentionally. Deirdre Macnab, the president of the League of Women Voters of Florida, filed suit with other civic groups to overturn the law. “Basically our volunteers, after 72 years of registering voters problem-free, would now need an attorney on one hand and a secretary on the other to even attempt to navigate these new laws,” said Ms. Macnab, whose organization has sued the state over past restrictions.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Several states place restrictions on groups that register voters. The law in Florida, which is among the strictest in the nation, is similar to one New Mexico passed in 2005, which also imposes penalties for failing to meet a 48-hour deadline for handing in forms. Civic groups challenged the New Mexico law in court and lost. Since the law passed, census data shows, the percentage of New Mexicans who are registered has fallen.
Lee Rowland, a lawyer at the Brennan Center for Justice , one of the groups handling the lawsuit for the civic organizations, said they were challenging the Florida law on First Amendment grounds, arguing that speaking to voters and registering them is protected speech. The state took issue with what it called the “pervasive sky-is-falling hyperbole” of the civic groups, and said that the law was intended to make sure voters had their registrations handed in quickly and that outside groups did not overwhelm local elections officials by delivering piles of registration forms all at once.
Last Friday, on the anniversary of the passage of the 26th Amendment, which gave 18-year-olds the right to vote, Rock the Vote opened its national program to educate and register high school students, though not in Florida. “It's a real shame,” said Heather Smith, the president of Rock the Vote, which joined the lawsuit. “We just cannot put those high school teachers at risk.”
Two people were killed and at least three people were injured in a bloody Sunday today in Jersey City in which there were at least four separate shootings.
Homicide detectives were on the scene tonight on Orient Avenue off Martin Luther King Drive after a shooting reported at around 6:45 p.m. The victim was transported by car to to the Jersey City Medical Center-Barnabas Health, but died, according to scanner reports. No other information was immediately available.
Another shooting occurred about a half hour later at King Drive and Union Street, with a male victim also taken to a hospital. It could not be immediately determined if the shootings were related and no other information was available.
Meanwhile, the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office is continuing to probe the shooting death of a man, approximately 40 years old, early this morning on McAdoo Avenue near Rutgers Avenue.
A spokesperson for the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office said homicide detectives are investigating the fatal shooting that occurred around 1:30 a.m.
The man's body was found inside the entranceway to 2 McAdoo Ave., authorities said, adding the man was shot just outside the building.
The Hudson County Prosecutor's Office is still awaiting identification of the dead man by family members.
No other details were available at this time.
Earlier, two women were the victims of a shooting at King Drive and Oak Street. The woman told police they were walking home at about 2:45 p.m. when they heard three gunshots and was shot in the left armpit.
Police later found a second shooting victim, a woman who was shot in the left leg, according to the police report. Carly Baldwin, Jersey City's police and fire spokesperson, said their injuries were not life threatening.
And later tonight, another shooting was reported at Bergen and Orient avenues. No information on that shooting was immediately available.
The two homicides come two days after Darcel Rivers, the 35-year-old son of Jersey City Fire Chief Darren Rivers was laid to rest. Darcel Rivers was the victim of an apparent robbery when they were shot on June 4 on Fulton Avenue near Van Cleef Street. Chief Rivers said at their son's funeral that they hoped their son did not die in vain.
An ultrathin section of a Pithovirus particle in an infected Acanthamoeba castellanii cell. Image courtesy of Julia Bartoli and Chantal Abergel, IGS and CNRS-AMU. The strangest life forms on Earth just got a lot stranger.
In 2003, Didier Raoult of Aix-Marseille University in France and their colleagues discovered a new kind of virus lurking inside single-celled protozoans.
Like other viruses, it couldn't grow on its own, lacking the biochemical machinery to build proteins and genes. Instead, it had to infect host cells and use their material to produce new viruses.
But this new virus was enormous, measuring hundreds of times bigger than any previously known virus. What's more, it was far more complex. Typical viruses may have just a few genes. The new virus had over 900 — more than many species of bacteria.
How giant viruses defend themselves
Since then, Raoult and their colleagues have found over 150 different kinds of giant viruses all over the world, in oceans, mountains, and the bodies of animals (including our own). One kind of giant virus contains over 2,500 genes.
Exactly what giant viruses do with all those genes has remained mostly a mystery.
But on Monday, Raoult and their colleagues reported in Nature that some of those genes provide giant viruses with something never observed before in a virus: They have an immune system, one that works a lot like the CRISPR system in bacteria that scientists have co-opted as a powerful gene editing tool.
Jennifer Doudna, a University of California biologist and one of the leaders in co-opting CRISPR — short for clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats — cautioned that the new study doesn't lay out exactly how this viral immunity works.
"But the potential for such a system to be harnessed for genetic control is intriguing," they said.
Raoult and their colleagues first discovered that giant viruses get infected with viruses of their own back in 2008. These so-called virophages slip inside the giant viruses and hack their biochemistry, much as the giant viruses do to their own protozoan hosts.
One of these virophages, called Zamilon, infects a type of giant virus known as a mimivirus. But when Raoult and their colleagues unleashed Zamilon on closely related strains of mimiviruses, they were surprised to find that it couldn't infect them. It appeared as if the giant viruses could defend themselves against their enemies.
A new form of gene editing?
Samantha Lee/Business Insider Over billions of years, cellular life forms have evolved many different kinds of defenses against viruses. Vertebrates like ourselves, for example, make antibodies that guide immune cells to particular pathogens. Bacteria have other immune defenses, the most famous of which is CRISPR.
Scientists are currently using CRISPR to edit genes with exquisite precision. But they didn't invent CRISPR on their own. Instead, they discovered it in bacteria, which use it to destroy viruses.
CRISPR works a bit like our antibodies, allowing bacteria to learn to quickly recognize invaders. When a virus infects bacteria, the bacteria capture bits of its genetic material and lodge it in their own DNA. Later, they can consult this library of captured DNA to recognize invading viruses. That recognition lets them guide enzymes to the viruses and destroy their DNA while sparing their own.
Raoult and their colleagues wondered if giant viruses were using a CRISPR-like defense system against Zamilon.
To their surprise, they found that resistant giant viruses carried small pieces of the virophage's DNA in their own genomes. When they searched the DNA that surrounded the Zamilon sequences, they found a gene that unwinds DNA, and another that slices it.
The scientists hypothesized that giant viruses used these two genes to chop up Zamilon DNA. To test that idea, they silenced each of the genes. Now, the giant viruses became vulnerable, and Zamilon was able to infect them.
Raoult and their colleagues have dubbed this stretch of giant virus DNA MIMIVIRE, short for "mimivirus virophage-resistance element." They propose that it serves as an immune system, although they have yet to determine how the giant virus recognizes virophages and directs enzymes to attack it.
"What we know is that it's critical," said Raoult. "If you silence the genes, it doesn't work anymore."
Raoult said that like CRISPR, MIMIVIRE might be worth investigating as another potential gene editing tool: "It is different, so it may have different applications."
An ancient branch on the tree of life
Even if that search bears no fruit, Raoult thinks that MIMIVIRE is important for what it says about the evolution of giant viruses.
"It's a witness of a very old life," they said.
Scientists are currently locked in a debate over the evolutionary history of giant viruses. Some have suggested giant viruses recently evolved from cellular life into simplified parasites, for example.
Raoult and their colleagues argue instead that giant viruses are ancient. They branched off not long after the origin of life, before cellular life as we know it today even existed.
Over billions of years, giant viruses evolved into something unique: an organism that is like a virus in some ways, but like cellular life in others — including, it now appears, having its own immune system.
"It's a different part of the world," said Raoult.
Sonntagsfrage: AfD legt weiter zu Thomas Pany
Laut ARD-DeutschlandTrend halten 81 Prozent der Deutschen die Regierung für überfordert. Merkel büßt stark an Zustimmung ein
"Deutschland zieht die Tür ein Stück zu", wird zum Asylpaket II berichtet, Innenminister de Maizière lädt die Afghanen aus - "Bleibt in Eurer Heimat" -, die SPD-Arbeitsministerin droht wie früher nur Unionspolitiker mit Leistungskürzungen für Flüchtlinge, die CDU-Vizechefin assistiert Merkel mit einem nationalen Plan zur Flüchtlingsbegrenzung - seit Wochen bemüht sich die Regierung bzw. die Regierungsparteien, der Öffentlichkeit das Bild zu vermitteln, dass sie auf dem richtigen Kurs ist. Die Schlagworte "Begrenzung der Zahl der Flüchtlinge", "bessere Grenzkontrolle", "schärfere Gesetze oder strengere Anwendung der Gesetze" fallen täglich. Der Ton hat sich in den letzten Wochen verändert, er ist härter geworden.
In der Öffentlichkeit bleibt all dieser Bemühungen zum Trotz ein anderes Bild haften: Die Regierung erscheint ihr überfordert, wie aus dem aktuellen ARD-DeutschlandTrend hervorgeht. Die Umfrage stellte die Behauptung auf "Die Regierung hat die Flüchtlingssituation im Griff" und nur 18 Prozent stimmten zu.
81 Prozent waren nicht dieser Ansicht. Auch bei der Aufgliederung in Parteiensympathien zeigt sich kein besonders ausgeprägtes Vertrauen. Die höchsten Zustimmungswerte lagen weit unter 50 Prozent. Verzeichnet wurden sie bei den Unionsanhängern (33 Prozent) und bei den Anhängern der Grünen (32 Prozent).
Die Zustimmungswerte der Grünen-Anhänger zur Flüchtlingspolitik waren damit fast doppelt so hoch wie die aus den Reihen der SPD-Anhänger (17 Prozent). Wie sich die SPD gegenüber der AFD verhalten wird, wird in den nächsten Wochen des Wahlkampffinales in drei Bundesländern von besonderem Interesse sein.
Unter den AfD-Anhängern gab es null Prozent Zustimmung zur oben genannten Aussage. Die Botschaft der Partei kommt klar an. Offensichtlich haben ihr die umstrittenen Äußerungen zum Waffengebrauch an der Grenze (Schusswaffengebrauch: Nach Petry legt von Storch nach) keinen Abbruch in den Umfragenwerten eingebracht. Sie legte im Vergleich zum Vormonat um drei Prozent zu und erreicht mit 12 Prozent den höchsten Wert bisher bei dieser Umfrage. Am meisten verlor die Union, vier Prozent, sie kommt bei der Sonntagsfrage auf 35 Prozent. Die SPD bleibt unverändert bei 24 Prozent, die Linken kommen auf 9 Prozent, die Grünen auf zehn.
Die Bundeskanzlerin erhielt den schlechtesten Wert seit August 2011. Merkel verlor 12 Punkte gegenüber dem Vormonatswert, nur mehr 46 Prozent sind zufrieden mit ihrer Arbeit. Auch die Regierung verlor 13 Punkte. Gerade mal 38 Prozent der Befragten sind noch mit der Arbeit des Kabinetts zufrieden. (Thomas Pany)
The New York Times reports today that Israel faces “monumental security challenges” and is now caught in a debate over just how tough the military should be with those who threaten to harm its soldiers and civilians.
The story, by Isabel Kershner, is framed around “months of Palestinian attacks” that have left some 30 Israelis dead. They make no mention anywhere of the more than 200 Palestinians killed by security forces over the same time period, nor do they say anything about the brutal conditions of the occupation that provide the impetus for Palestinian assaults.
Kershner briefly notes that Palestinian and human rights groups have accused the Israeli military of “excessive force,” but they fail to say that the charges go beyond this vague reference: In fact, numerous groups have accused Israel of carrying out “street executions” of Palestinians who posed no real threat to soldiers or civilians.
The mostly youthful Palestinian attackers over the past eight months have been armed with nothing more than knives, vehicles and even scissors, but they have carried out their assaults (some alleged, some substantiated) against an army equipped with submachine guns, drones, tanks, surveillance equipment, nuclear warheads, fighter jets, attack helicopters and naval gunboats.
In spite of this immense disparity, Kershner is able to claim that Israel faces “monumental” security challenges. It never seems to occur to them that Palestinians face immense security concerns of their own.
Moreover, they present the Israeli Defense Force as an army operating under humane policies, which are now under attack by politicians and a vocal segment of the public. “The military chiefs have urged restraint and a strict adherence to open-fire regulations, saying a soldier should shoot to neutralize a threat, but not beyond that,” they write.
When army officials have promoted these guidelines, they say, they have been “attacked by rightist politicians who advocate a policy based on the Talmudic lesson ‘Whoever comes to slay you, slay them first.'”
Kershner thus gives voice to army leaders who have criticized the trigger-happy responses of security forces, but they fail to quote from those human rights groups who have frequently raised the alarm over the killings of Palestinians who posed no real threat.
Readers are left with the impression that the army has been operating with restraint, following a set of humane policies, but is now being challenged by rightists who urge even tougher measures against would be attackers.
Missing from their story is the fact that army and police have operated with impunity over many years, even when cases of abuse and criminal behavior are well documented. Two recent statements by Israeli rights groups, Yesh Din and B'Tselem, bear this out.
Yesh Din, which works for structural changes in the occupied territories, reported last month that 5,500 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces over the past 15 years, yet not one Israeli soldier has been charged for murdering a Palestinian.
Just last week the monitoring group B'Tselem announced that after more than 25 years of cooperating with the military, sharing information on cases that merited action, it has now suspended all of these efforts because of this record of impunity.
When Israel claims to investigate charges against the military, B'Tselem said, “not only does the state manage to uphold the perception of a decent, moral law enforcement system, but also maintains the military's image as an ethical military that takes action against [ostensibly prohibited] acts.” In fact, the organization stated, the system is nothing more than “an outward pretense,” and an effort to whitewash criminal activity.
The rights group concluded that it would “no longer play a part in the pretense posed by the military law enforcement system and will no longer refer complaints to it.” After 25 years of consistent effort, the group concluded that “there is no longer any point in pursuing justice and defending human rights by working with a system whose real function is measured by its ability to continue to successfully cover up unlawful acts and protect perpetrators.”
This is far from the impression we get from Kershner's story. They quote military officials who insist on the moral standards of the Israeli army without a hint of irony or any effort to challenge their claims.
The Times are a willing partner in the whitewash of Israel's military. Its editors accepted Kershner's characterization of the army without asking for any follow up. They were aware of the B'Tselem announcement, however, running two wire service accounts of the move online but failing to assign any reporter to the story. The newspaper made no mention of the Yesh Din findings.
Kershner's story plays perfectly into the scenario described by B'Tselem. It provides the impression of a functioning military justice system, an army run on moral principles but under attack by “terrorists”. It is all part of the narrative of Israeli victimhood, even though its chief threat comes from teenagers armed with kitchen knives.
Barbara Erickson
[To subscribe to TimesWarp, scroll to the bottom of this page for email, follow @TimesWarp on Twitter or like Times Warp on Facebook.]
Advertisements
The outgoing president used their last European summit to desperately urge French voters to choose the Europhile candidate Emmanuel Macron in the second round of the election. Speaking in Brussels yesterday, Mr Hollande said: “Europe made progress thanks to France and Europe has allowed France to be stronger.” Mr Hollande said that if Mrs Le Pen were to win “there might still be Europe, but it won't have the strength it has today”.
GETTY Hollande has called on French voters to back Macron
GETTY French voters will go to the polls again on Sunday
Europe made progress thanks to France and Europe has allowed France to be stronger Francois Hollande
They said: “One has to take the ballot paper, the Macron one, and consider it as the ballot that will prevent the country from the far right. “The consequences would be high if France were to turn away from Europe. The choice of the French people is a choice for France but also for the European Union.” Mr Hollande said that they knew French people well and they do not want to leave the bloc, they just want the EU to be reformed and be more protective.
GETTY Hollande has urged voters to not back Eurosceptic Le Pen
They listed the importance of France in Europe, claiming the fact the country is a founding member of the EU, a member of the Schengen area and the Eurozone and the only country with nuclear weapons after the UK leaves are essential reasons the country needs to remain in the EU. Mr Hollande made the comments on Saturday when the EU leaders held a meeting without Theresa May to discuss Britain's divorce agreements at a special Brexit summit.
RISE of Europe's far right Tue, March 14, 2017 Who's who of far-right politics in Europe as parties ride a wave of success on anti-immigration, nationalist and eurosceptic policies Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 8 Geert Wilders wants to 'de-Islamicise' the Netherlands, hopes clashes between Turkish-Dutch protesters and the police, along with Ankara's accusations of Dutch 'fascism', will help bolster their chances of finishing first
The French President said: “A country outside the EU is in a less favourable position than a country that is inside.” At the same summit, President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker said: “I would tell the French people to remain French. Let them not leave a great ambition, the construction of Europe, which was that of all their presidents.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 28, 2017, 7:00 PM GMT / Updated March 28, 2017, 7:00 PM GMT By Courtney Kube
The top American general in Mosul says the initial military assessment into civilian casualties allegedly caused by a March 17 U.S. airstrike shows the U.S. "probably had a role in these casualties," according to the top American general there.
Lt. Gen. Steve Townsend said Tuesday there is "at least a fair chance" that American forces had a role in killing civilians. Unconfirmed reports suggest the death toll could range from 100 to 200.
"If the U.S. did this," said Townsend, it was an "unintentional accident of war."
Officials had previously said initial analysis indicated coalition forces struck ISIS fighters and equipment on March 17 in western Mosul, and confirmed there was an assessment into possible civilian deaths in a destroyed building. U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) said the aircraft acted at the request of Iraqi security forces.
Townsend said Tuesday that the U.S. still doesn't know whether the civilians who died in the building were placed there by ISIS, adding that the Iraqis believe ISIS gathered the civilians intentionally.
Townsend would not go into specifics about why the U.S. "probably had a role" in the deaths, other than to say the U.S. did conduct a strike in the area at the time.
But they also said that the fact that the building collapsed actually argues against U.S. culpability, saying that the U.S. strike used a munition that should not have collapsed the building.
Related: US Investigates Whether Mosul Airstrike Killed 200 Civilians
Townsend said again and again that the U.S. does everything possible to prevent civilian casualties. "We have never targeted civilians, not once," they said, adding later, "I'm not targeting civilians. ISIS is."
They denied that any recent change in rules of engagement has caused an increase in civilian casualties. Civilian deaths in western Mosul are "fairly predictable," they said, describing the battle there as the toughest, most brutal phase of the war, with close combat more difficult than they have seen in more than three decades in uniform.
Related: US Airstrike Hit Mosul Location Where Scores of Civilians Were Killed
The U.S. is also investigating a recent strike on an Iraqi school that may have resulted in civilian casualties. Townsend said that the early indications are that it was a "clean strike," and that there is "no corroborating evidence" of civilians killed. They said coalition forces struck the approximately 30 ISIS fighters believed to be there and they think the investigation will show the allegations are unfounded.
Iraq's vice president, who is from Mosul, said a change in the U.S. rules of engagement — which are meant to minimize civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria — had resulted in the "martyrdom of hundreds of civilians" in the March 17 strike.
A senior U.S. defense official denied Saturday that there had been any change in the rules of engagement.
The United Nations expressed profound concern on Saturday over the reports.
"We are stunned by this terrible loss of life," Lise Grande, the humanitarian coordinator for Iraq, said in a statement.
U.S. defense officials have acknowledged that coalition aircraft did strike a location in the Iraqi city of Mosul where scores of civilians were reportedly killed last week.
Officials at United States Central Command (CENTCOM) said initial analysis indicates coalition forces struck ISIS fighters and equipment on March 17 in western Mosul. Unconfirmed reports from different sources suggest the numbers of those killed ranges from 100-200 people.
CENTCOM said the aircraft acted at the request of Iraqi security forces.
Officials had previously confirmed an investigation was underway as to whether the strike was executed by the U.S. rather than by other coalition members, or even by ISIS.
It comes as Iraqi vice president Osama al-Nujaifi, who is from Mosul, described the incident as a "humanitarian catastrophe" blaming the U.S.-led coalition airstrikes and the excessive use of force by federal police forces.
They called for an emergency session of the Iraqi parliament to discuss the catastrophe and to begin a parliamentary investigation into its cause.
Residents carry the body of several people killed during fights between Iraq security forces and Islamic State on the western side of Mosul. Felipe Dana / AP
The strike comes in the same month as two other high-profile strikes in Syria, where the coalition is also fighting ISIS. In total, the three strikes have resulted in unconfirmed reports of upwards of 350 civilian casualties.
The vice president said a change in the rules of engagement — which are meant to minimize civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria — had resulted in the "martyrdom of hundreds of civilians".
A senior U.S. defense official denied on Saturday that there had been any change in the rules of engagement. The CENTCOM statement said "our goal has always been for zero civilian casualties."
So the time has come when you need to select a software testing tool for your business. There are a few ways to go about it, but we both know that you want to be walking down that yellow brick road to success.
Shopping around for a mobile app testing software can be similar to preparing a stadium before a big game. You want it to be done efficiently and you want it to be done well. You have to cover the entire playing field to make sure there are no weeds. Therefore, it's pretty much your job to go the whole nine yards. You want to give the audience a good experience. But the catch is, you've got to put in the time and the effort — there's no automated shortcut.
You should treat your mobile phone application testing software the same way. Put it in the hands of the proper software testing tools. Let me just start off by saying that you want real people performing mobile testing on real devices here — after all, you want to catch all the grit before your customers do. Automated tools simply do not have the same level of context awareness.
An emulated device may not provide you with the complete accuracy compared to mobile testing on real devices. Automated testing tools simply don't recognise faults that only real devices can clearly catch. The trick to getting the best app testing software is to use real people who are using your app on real devices — only then can you get an honest and straightforward result.
There are many types of software mobile application testing tools to manage the testing process, but you should ensure that you are accounting for a handful of things. Below is a set of criteria to help you make the right choice.
7 Criteria for Selecting Mobile Application Testing Tools For Your Business
1) Choosing Supported Platforms
Selecting a tool that supports your target operating systems, their different versions, and its hardware configurations is a must.
It's important to understand how an application's code base will perform across multiple operating systems and interfaces. Don't choose a tool that supports only one platform such as iOS. For example, even though the major players on the mobile market are Google and Apple, developers still need to test for other phone users as well. If not, they are just limiting their potential customers to the specific platform users.
2) Source Code Requirements and Build Security
You should consider securing your build distribution and make sure that it can't be shared to with people that have no rights for it.
The security of your build is important and you should never just send a link by email. You must pay attention to several things. We do not recommend sharing your build with testers who are no longer on your team. Beta testing your application can get quite tricky so it's wise to check that everyone is working on the right build during the designated timeframes. At Ubertesters, we've kept this all in mind when it comes to your build distribution. You can rest assured that your build will be delivered immediately after being shared with your chosen testers. A notification is sent to each tester about updates and you are able to manage your team with just a few clicks. Most importantly, once you choose it, the build access will be closed and testers will not be able to have access to it any longer.
3) Application Refactoring Requirements
Automated tools are not recommended, especially here. At one point you must modify and refactor your application to make it testable. Make sure that a testing professional verifies all changes before and after refactoring the application. The automation process is not recommended and real testing must be done with diligence and care. Your chosen tool should meet your requirements to perform and deliver the expected results.
4) Result and Error Logging
Your tool should have the necessary filters to mine log messages by their type, text, priority, time and other important areas. Your tool should track the reported bugs and crashes so that the developers can reproduce the issue and fix it. For testing managers, it would be enough to just know if the particular test has passed or failed. Tools that allow you to review log summaries of each test across the timelines are good to keep in mind. You may even want to consider tools that have the ability to configure report formats based on those summaries.
Another great thing at Ubertesters is that we have a screenshot editing tool which allows you to highlight important issues with colorsת shapes, and text. This is beneficial when wanting to bring attention to user interface issues. You are easily able to capture a screenshot and edit it in real-time, and within the tested app, during the bug submission process. Along with editing, there is also a video recording feature available. With Ubertester's video recording tool, you can record your app's behaviour and the steps the tester did during the entire testing session. You are able to go back and see what pages were visited and what buttons were pressed during the testing period. This tool is there to help you when the screenshot is not sufficient enough to understand the cause of problems. With this, all testers' activity can be visualised in the Ubertester's Project Overview dashboard.
5) Continuous Testing
Your tool should always test new code changes and giving you feedback. Continuous testing is critical in recognising how new code changes has impacted the existing system. It's about timing as well — your feedback needs to be quick. A strong testing tool should have the ability to support the testing framework, revision control, test configuration management, issue tracking, report generation and more. If you do not perform this type of testing, many defects will begin to creep in as well with the layers of new code that has attached itself onto of it. It's best to catch those bugs early, don't you think? This approach gives developers a room for experiments. Continuous testing and an integration with the existing quality assurance tools and technologies are important for the efficiency of the QA processes.
6) Ability to Integrate Popular 3rd party Bug-Tracking Systems
Your testing management tool should support all popular solutions such as Redmine, Mantis, YouTrack and Jira. The way you decide to handle tracking and reporting bugs will have a great impact on the outcome of your app's release. A good bug-tracking system, which may also be known as an Issue Tracking System (ITS), should easily fit into your process and track your progress as you work instead of just checking before and after. An ideal mobile testing tool will allow you to export all found issues onto your preferred bug-tracking-system so that your developers and other team members may continue handling the bug life cycle with a familiar tool.
7) Team Management
You must know your team inside and out. Keep track of their responsibilities, what is expected from them, and the actual results of their work. How organized is your team? What are your team members' roles for each given period? What results are they providing from their work? How many defects have been found? With Ubertester's management tool, you are able to track your team in real-time as part of your testing project. The sessions are a live-feed of all necessary information about the tester such as the device type, its operating system, its build number, the length of the test and actual results. In addition to this, each feed will show you the sequence of actions performed by the user while navigating through the tested app. With this tool, you can reproduce bugs when the tester forgets to input something into the report.
There you have it — valuable set of criteria to help you select your testing tool. In addition to these points, there are also quite a few challenges for mobile testing to be aware about. For your benefit, it's important to address them and to be knowledgeable of its limitations, capabilities and supporting features of each sector.
Here are some main challenges to keep in mind:
1) Mobile connectivity
Challenge: Connectivity affects the application's reliability, performance, security and functioning.
The available connection solely depends on the mobile network.
2) Resource constraints
Challenge: Mobile devices offer very little resources which include memory, battery, the central processing unit, RAM, and other modules.
If these resources are exhausted, the mobile application may not function properly.
3) Autonomy
Challenge: The mobile device is limited to its battery capacity. Some applications and settings use more energy than others.
Consumption and duration are the main components here. You need to have a mobile that monitors and supports battery consumption and battery duration. This can be done through load testing.
4) Context Awareness
Challenge: Mobile apps that have context awareness adapt to the data they receive from the environment. For example, GPS programs, neighbour devices, the altitude, the brightness, and temperature all rely on obtained data.
These properties must be functionally tested and the test should simulate its capable abilities.
5) Diversity of mobile devices
Challenge: Make sure you choose the supported platforms. You should consider the vendor and model, the operating system (and different versions of it), and the screen dimensions.
You should keep your eye out for testing that can simulate data input from the context in real-time, simulation of specific devices, a test that can support mobile device platforms with different versions, and support for changing screen sizes.
6) User experience
Challenge: This cannot be directly tested due to subjectivity.
To combat this issue, testers can confirm the adequacy of particular segments and compliances of the app. This also includes the graphical interface, navigation between screens, the layout, notifications, font, and text.
7) Touchscreens
Challenge: If the touch screen fails, it all fails.
Touch screens are critical because it's the main facet of communication and interaction with the user. The usability testing must include responsiveness, gestures, and multi-touch. It must be able to support the measuring of the screen's responsiveness, gesture recognition, and multi-touch recognition.
8) Geography and carriers
Challenge: The same app can perform differently when used in different geographies or with different carriers.
One must test the app behavior in the most popular target geographies they operate and within these countries – to test with different carriers to make sure there are no issues.
In light of these challenges, there are experienced testers and software tools out there to help put your app on that golden lane. Don't know where to start? Go ahead and check out Ubertesters who will test your app in over 100 countries on real devices and bring you back the high rating you deserve.
NEW YORK -- Cleveland Indians pitcher David Huff was taken off the field on a stretcher and driven by ambulance to the hospital after being hit in the head with a line drive off the bat of Alex Rodriguez in the third inning of Saturday's game at Yankee Stadium.
Huff took the impact above their left ear. They suffered no memory loss or loss of consciousness. A CT scan performed on Huff at the hospital came back negative but the pitcher was kept several hours for observation.
Rodriguez's drive hit Huff above the left ear and they lay face down and motionless on the pitcher's mound as the ball caromed into right field. Nick Swisher, who had been on first base, came around to score the Yankees' second run of the game.
Huff was immediately attended to by the team trainer and paramedics as their teammates and several Yankees watched anxiously.
“Enough is enough.” It's a phrase that is said all too often about so many issues in our society, but unfortunately not enough when it comes to our nation's most vulnerable young people.
Congress must reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (RHYA), our nation's only federal law that specifically funds vital services for homeless youth. Republicans and Democrats have come together to ensure that our Federal Government offers much needed support to all homeless youth.
Sens. Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE (D-Vt.) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) have introduced bipartisan legislation to reauthorize RHYA, which will likely be brought up for a floor vote in the Senate this week - possibly as soon as today.
The act includes a non-discrimination clause that will help ensure lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) homeless youth not only have access to critical services, but that those services are safe, welcoming, and tailored to meet the needs of all youth.
We need that clause and some groups are trying to push to have it taken out. I was taught to listen to Proverbs 31: Speak up for those who cannot speak up for themselves. Our kids need us to protect them, not to discriminate against them.
Research shows that while LGBT youth make up to seven percent of the general youth population, they comprise, on average, 40 percent of the 1.6 million youth that are homeless in this country each year. Think about that. It's impossible to ignore.
There is no getting around the fact that these kids are too often being thrown out of their homes and left to fend for themselves on the streets. The fact that this occurs each and every day in our country is simply a tragedy - a tragedy that does not have to continue.
At the True Colors Fund, we continue to hear stories of young people being discriminated against, offered improper services, and even turned away by service providers just because they happen to be lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. By continuing to leave 40 percent of our homeless youth unprotected, we are cutting our society off at the knees.
Kids actually ARE our future. What kind of future do we have in store if we do not care for all of our youth? ALL deserve to have their needs met so that these incredible and courageous young people can achieve their dreams and become healthy, happy, and contributing members of our society. These are our future teachers, parents, and leaders and we cannot afford to leave even one of them behind.
Programs and services receiving federal funding must be inclusive of all youth. Congress can start by passing the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act to ensure that all youth are protected in the vital programs that it would reauthorize. The time to act is now, because homeless youth don't have the time for us to wait until tomorrow.
Lauper, a recording artist, is co-founder of the True Colors Fund, which works to end homelessness among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth and create a world where all young people can be their true selves.
Please SHARE and LIKE this via your social networks! Print
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Email
A recent story published by Dan McGowan about a report by the National Resources Network included the possibility of privatizing the water system in Providence for $372 million. Furthermore, a recent report by The Real News Network emphasized how disaster capitalists, to use a phrase coined in The Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein, would utilize the heightened awareness about lead plumbing following the disaster in Flint, Michigan to gentrify historic black and brown neighborhoods through a mandatory plumbing replacement ordinance.
Kevin Carson of the Center for a Stateless Society has been analyzing and writing on these topics recently in these articles:
They have developed a novel concept in dealing with efforts to privatize the water supply that could hypothetically be enacted here in Rhode Island.
“I'm trying to advocate for things like mutualist ownership of former government property, ownership by the consumers or by the workers [by] transforming them into stakeholder cooperatives… Water resources strike me as something that's ideal for ownership as a public commons and administration through stakeholder cooperatives,” says Carson.
With regards to the costs of renovations to the system including the necessary plumbing replacements, “[Renovations can be financed] by shifting funding to people who impose the most costs on the system that are currently protected from paying their fair share… If you look at Flint and Detroit, for example, and the kind of stuff that's being done by Emergency Managers, generally the big commercial [and] big corporate water users pay much lower rates. Most of the water purification costs are imposed by industrial users but spread out over the rate payers at large and now that they're cracking down on accounts in arrears, it's almost entirely residential water users that are being shut off while there are commercial accounts that are hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in arrears that haven't been shut down because politically they're the real owners of the system.”
Would such an operation be complicated for the municipality? “It seems like a fairly straightforward thing to me to transform the representation on the board of directors and the senior management, you just make the management of the local water system responsible to the rate payers with maybe worker representation as well instead of being appointed either by the municipality or by a private corporation… I don't see any need to purchase to the extent that the water resources themselves are a natural commons already owned by the public rightfully and to the extent that the infrastructure has already been funded by the ratepayers, I consider it legitimately their own property already.”
And how could this cooperatizing be financed? “I'm a big advocate of mutual credit systems… I'm all for larger economic organization where it's possible to do things like upgrade water systems without paying usurious rates of interest to get it done… Under the system we have now I just say ‘let's see how much we can do in terms of shifting the payment of rates itself in the direction of fairness and how much that boosts the revenue and, if necessary, set the rates high enough to cover the renovation costs with the people that actually impose the costs on the system, the commercial and industrial users'.”
Click the player below to listen to my full interview with Carson!
Cooperatized utilities are not uncommon in this country. In the South, there are a good number of public utilities that were introduced to the region when the New Deal brought modern plumbing, telephone, and electricity to these states. Some that still exists today, according to Wikipedia, are:
Electric Cooperative Association
Rural Electric Association
Rural Electric Cooperative
Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation (RECC)- Mainly used in Kentucky
Electric Membership Cooperative (EMC)- Used in many states, such as Indiana, North Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, etc.
Rural Electric Membership Corporation (REMC)
Electric Power Association (EPA)- Mainly used in Mississippi
Power Cooperative
Energy Cooperative
Mutual savings banks are chartered by a central or regional government that has no capital stock and is owned by members that are subscribers to a common fund. Here are several such bank networks in Europe:
The other alternative funding source of such efforts would be your neighborhood credit union. For example, Cranston Municipal Employees Credit Union is made up of that municipality's workers as members and PGE Credit Union, located across from the central Post Office, serves federal and state government employees. Now if there were only some organized force in Rhode Island, currently engaged in a fight against gentrification, privatization, and other neoliberal austerity measures, that would encourage its worker-members to pool their monies in one financial institute.
It would be important here, after referring to Tom Sgouros's book Checking the Banks, to create security mechanisms to prevent this from becoming a Ponzi scheme. The union would need to be legally prevented from getting involved in Wall Street-backed retirement and investment instruments that would grow fat cat wallets by hurting members. But cooperative banks have the capacity within their charters to be hindering such activities.
The website of the Rhode Island Secretary of State features two cooperative organization forms, one for consumers and one for producers, who in these contexts would be the utility workers. If churches, mosques, synagogues, and other civic organizations were to aid in a membership drive, it would be fairly easy to get all ratepayers onto the membership rolls rather quickly.
Please SHARE and LIKE this via your social networks! Print
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
A MUM is breastfeeding their boyfriend — 20 years after having children.
Jennifer Mulford took time off from their bartending job to work on an Adult Breastfeeding Relationship (ABR) with Brad Leeson.
Because they have not recently given birth, they and Mr Leeson, 36, need to “dry feed” every two hours to fool their body into producing milk, The Sun reports.
Ms Mulford was single when they stumbled across a website about ABR.
“When I read about the bond breastfeeding could create between two people I was envious,” they said. “I have always enjoyed my breasts being touched during sex more than anything else so I knew I would enjoy it.”
Ms Mulford, from Atlanta in the US, started searching for men who would be open to the idea of adult breastfeeding.
“When I read about the pure joy it brought others, I was desperate to seek out a partner to share an emotional bond with,” they said.
“I used dating sites, put messages on ABR forums and even put an advert on Craigslist, but I drew a blank. I started to think I'd never get to try adult breastfeeding.”
media_camera Jennifer Mulford has started an Adult Breastfeeding Relationship with Brad Leeson. Picture: Facebook/Jennifer D Mulford
One night, they talked about the idea with Mr Leeson, an old boyfriend from school.
“We were talking and Brad told me they had a thing for big-breasted women, and that size had always been a factor in their relationships,” Ms Mulford said. “I thought it was the perfect time to bring up adult breastfeeding — and see if he'd be interested.”
Thankfully, Mr Leeson was open to the idea.
“It was like a light switched flicked in their head. I could tell from their voice that they were curious and excited,” Ms Mulford said.
They started doing their own research into ABR and they soon became more than just friends.
Ms Mulford said: “At that moment I knew that I had a partner for life. We both wanted the same thing out of the relationship — a magical bond that only breastfeeding can achieve.”
Because Ms Mulford hadn't breastfed for over 20 years, they had no milk to feed Mr Leeson with.
How old is 'too old' for breastfeeding? Because this guy is 36... https://t.co/ndfDVrojcJ pic.twitter.com/LHLIXIHqWZ — The Sun (@TheSun) June 7, 2016
The couple needed to induce lactation by dry-feeding and pumping their breasts every two hours, just as if they were feeding a baby.
“I've taken a break from my job because I want to devote everything to making this work,” they said.
If their partner is out, Ms Mulford uses a pump or their hand so their body thinks someone is feeding. They even set an alarm so they can “feed” during the night.
“Nights have been a struggle because Brad sleeps so peacefully but we manage to cope — until they fall asleep latched onto me, which is beautiful,” they admitted.
Ms Mulford drinks Mother's Milk Tea — a herbal drink which is said to imitate female hormones and increase or maintain milk supply — three times a day.  They are also taking a herbal pill, Lactiful, and has added oatmeal and flax seeds to their diet which is said to help milk supply.
media_camera Jennifer Mulford refuses to breastfeed Brad Leeson in public. Picture: Facebook/Jennifer D Mulford
As a self-confessed gym buff, Mr Leeson is excited about the health benefits he'll receive from their girlfriend's milk.
“Brad goes to the gym because it makes them feel good about themselves knowing they are in shape and living a healthy lifestyle. They also tell me all the time that they do it for me because they want other women to feel jealous of what I have,” Ms Mulford said.
“He is a real alpha male but behind closed doors this relationship lets them put their guard down, be submissive and allow themselves to be loved 100 per cent.”
Ms Mulford is proud of their relationship but doesn't want to feed their lover in public.
“If it was up to Brad we would, but it's very private to me,” they said. “I'll never say never but I love the time we spend nursing alone. It's our time away from the rest of the world and I look forward to every feed.”
The couple hope to get married, but they have ruled out having children together. They both have children from previous relationships.
“We are content with what we've got, but I can't wait to be Mrs Leeson one day.”
Ms Mulford breastfed their own daughter, now 20, for eight months.
“I can still remember the connection I felt with them as I held them and they fed. It's something I will never forget.”
media_camera Brad Leeson believes drinking breast milk is good for their health. Picture: Facebook/Brad Leeson media_camera Brad Leeson is a self-confessed gym buff. Picture: Facebook/Brad Leeson
So far, nursing is going well: “After three days my breasts were starting to feel sore, but I am willing to push through any pain for our end goal.”
The couple have also faced other problems.
“It's been difficult to distinguish the difference between nurturing and sex,” Ms Mulford explained. “Although it's so beautiful and peaceful it's also erotic. It's been hard to get through the first few nursing sessions without being tempted to have sex, but each time it's getting easier.”
The pair has only told a couple of close friends and family about their unusual relationship.
“I'm not opposed to telling people but I don't think many others would understand. I don't think my Mother would grasp the idea — but I wish I could tell the world.” (Now they have).
Ms Mulford expects it will take about two months for their milk to come in, but once it do they intend to carry on for as long as they can.
“This is a lifestyle we have chosen. We look forward to years from now still needing and wanting each other,” they said. “I can come home from a very stressful day and seconds after Brad latching on I feel a sense of peace and calm. For that time I feel like we become one. I have yet to feel anything more comforting. It's a bond that no one can come between.”
Mia Brown explains Adult Nursing Relationships
This story originally appeared in The Sun.
Breastfeeding Debate 4:52 Sarrah Le Marquand appears on TODAY (The Mixed Grill) to discuss online anger over a cafe promoting breastfeeding. Courtesy: Channel Nine. Breastfeeding Debate
Originally published as Why mum breastfeeds their boyfriend
San Francisco - A federal judge asked for more briefing today after an emergency court hearing over destruction in a case challenging NSA spying from the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF).
Andrew Crocker, Rick Wiebe, and Cindy Cohn Andrew Crocker, Rick Wiebe, and Cindy Cohn
"We are pleased the court is receptive to our arguments – that this is the information that court ordered the government to retain, and is an important element of our litigation," said EFF Legal Director Cindy Cohn. "It's unfortunate that the court's order today allows the government to continue destroying evidence that the government itself insists we need, but we are looking forward to giving the judge all the information they need to come to a final decision."
U.S. District Judge Jeffrey S. White issued a temporary restraining order (TRO) blocking evidence destruction in March. But yesterday afternoon, EFF filed an emergency motion, explaining that communications with government lawyers over the last week had revealed that the government has continued to destroy evidence relating to the mass interception of Internet communications it is conducting under Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. Today, Judge White called an emergency hearing, where the government argued that preserving the surveillance data gathered under Section 702 would be gravely harmful to national security programs. While the TRO remains in effect, that Judge White ruled that the government nevertheless did not need to preserve data collected pursuant to Section 702 until the court makes a further ruling on the issue.
EFF has been litigating against illegal NSA surveillance for more than eight years. Jewel v. NSA is a case brought on behalf of AT&T customers who were subject to unconstitutional NSA spying. In First Unitarian Church of Los Angeles v. NSA, EFF represents 22 groups whose First Amendment rights to association are violated by the NSA program. EFF also filed one of the first lawsuits against the surveillance program back in 2006, Hepting v. AT&T.
For more on Jewel v. NSA:
https://www.eff.org/cases/jewel
Contact:
Rebecca Jeschke
Media Relations Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
press@eff.org
Being a prisoner entails daily indignities, some of which are unavoidable. But for sheer cruelty and pointless degradation, it is hard to top the shackling of women who are pregnant, in labor or caring for their newborns.
The practice has never made any sense. Apart from the fact that women giving birth or about to give birth pose little threat to anyone, handcuffs, waist chains and ankle manacles introduce very real health risks to the mother and their fetus. The American Medical Association has called the practice “barbaric.”
Yet it is perfectly legal in 28 states, and was common practice in New York until 2009, when Gov. David Paterson signed a law prohibiting shackling a woman before, during or immediately after labor and delivery.
The practice appears not to have disappeared in New York. A survey revealed that 23 of 27 incarcerated women who gave birth in the five years after the legislation passed were shackled illegally, according to the Correctional Association of New York, an inmate advocacy group. Many others were shackled during their pregnancies on medical visits or transfers between prisons, which can involve bus rides of up to 10 hours.
In the light of the announcements we made last week during to Connect() event, on open-sourcing the .NET server stack, I got curious what it would like to be to run .NET on Linux. At home I'm using a couple of Linux based devices, including a Raspberry Pi Model B. Using the open source Mono project, getting a typical Hello World .NET application running on the Raspberry Pi isn't much of a challenge. So I figured out it would be cool if I could use the little Pi to run ASP.NET code, which opens up a whole range of possibilities (including using the Pi as an “internet-of-things gateway” to connect my family of Arduino's securely to the cloud, more on that later).
It turned out to be pretty straight forward! And due to the overwhelming number of requests 🙂 I decided to write down all the steps needed to create a basic .NET Console Application hosting ASP.NET code and running it on a Raspberry Pi. If you want to test out the code immediately, you can get the sample from my GitHub.
Step 1: Get Linux running (headless) on the Raspberry Pi
The first thing you need to do get a Linux distribution running on your Raspberry Pi. There are many choices and I choose for the Arch Linux distro. Basically because it's a pretty light distribution (in terms of size and included apps) and you can run it headless (without a screen attached) very easily. So download the zipped version of Arch Linux for the Raspberry Pi image(1), and extract the single IMG file it contains. The next step is to write the IMG file to a SD card which will be used by the Raspberry Pi to boot from. If you are running Windows on your dev box like me, you can download and install the Win32 Disk Imager tool, if you are running Linux you need to follow the slightly longer instructions. Writing the image is with Win32 Disk Imager easy, just select the IMG file and select the location of your SD card, and then click Write.
Once the writing is done, insert the SD card into the Raspberry Pi, plug in a network cable and give it some power via the micro USB port. Now the Raspberry Pi is going to boot from the image you just wrote on the SD card. Give it a couple of minutes and then check if you can ping the device using the default host name alarmpi. Alternatively you can check your router's DHCP client list to see if the Raspberry Pi shows up over there.
Step 2: Configuring Arch Linux
Ok, now we are ready to connect to the headless Raspberry Pi using SSH (which will basically open a remote command line). To do this, you need a SSH client, once again there are many, many choices. Putty is a pretty popular client, but I like the Bitvise SSH Client a lot, so that's the one I'll be using in this step-by-step guide. Once you've installed your SSH Client of choice, fire it up and have it connect to alarmpi on port 22 (which is the default SSH port), using the root username with root as the password.
When you are using the Bitvise client, by default a terminal console will be shown (after a successful connection) where you can type your commands. Let's do first things first and change the default password by just typing passwd in the terminal console. The command line will now ask you to choose a new password and enter it twice, make sure you remember what you've typed of course.
The next important thing to do is to update your Arch Linux with all the latest patches and fixes. Just enter pacman -Suy in the command line, confirm with Y when prompted and watch the Raspberry Pi update itself. I have to admit while watching all the packages fly by, I started to feel as a real BOFH. 🙂
Finally we are ready to install the Mono package, which can be done by typing pacman –S mono.
Step 3: Creating the Console Application skeleton
Now we are going to create a simple Console Application in C# which will use Owin to host ASP.NET. So fire up Visual Studio (remember we now have the free Visual Studio Community edition!), create a C# Console Application, and make sure to target .NET Framework 4.5.1. We'll need to add the following NuGet packages:
Microsoft.Owin
Microsoft.Owin.Hosting
Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener
Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics (optional, I'll explain further on why)
Next we need to add a new item to the project of the type OWIN Startup Class, and name it Startup.cs. For now, think of this class as the “web application” which we are going to host in our Console Application. Because we have added Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics we can use the WelcomePageExtensions class to quickly have a simple test page ready. Just remove the comment from the generated code and replace it with the highlighted line below.
using System; using Microsoft.Owin; using Owin; [assembly: OwinStartup(typeof(OwinSample.Startup))] namespace OwinSample { public class Startup { public void Configuration(IAppBuilder app) { app.UseWelcomePage(); } } }
Notice the Startup class we just created, does not contain any information about port numbers, URL's etc. This information is decoupled from the implementation and has to be specified in the Program class of the Console Application. So add the code below to the Main method of your Program class (which should already be in your project), and don't forget to add the first using statement for the Microsoft.Owin.Hosting namespace.
using Microsoft.Owin.Hosting; using System; using System.Collections.Generic; using System.Linq; using System.Text; using System.Threading.Tasks; namespace OwinSample { class Program { static void Main(string[] args) { string baseUrl = "http://localhost:5000"; using (WebApp.Start<Startup>(baseUrl)) { Console.WriteLine("Press Enter to quit."); Console.ReadKey(); } } } }
This code basically instantiates our Startup class with the WebApp.Start method, using the URL http://localhost:5000. The Console.ReadKey() is there too prevent the Console Application to exit when the instantiation is done (which would kill the OWIN host as well of course). Now it's time to hit F5 and start the project! The output of the Console Application will not be very exciting, but leave it running and use your favorite browser to navigate to http://localhost:5000. Your browser should render a Welcome page for any URL you type on the localhost:5000 site. This is because we didn't specify a specific path in the app.UseWelcomePage line.
Step 4: Finishing the code
Before we will deploy the app to our Raspberry Pi, we're going to improve the code a bit. First, let's go back to the Startup class and modify the Configuration method with the snippet below.
app.UseWelcomePage(new Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.WelcomePageOptions() { Path = new PathString("/welcome") }); app.Run(context => { context.Response.ContentType = "text/plain"; string output = string.Format( "I'm running on {0} nFrom assembly {1}", Environment.OSVersion, System.Reflection.Assembly.GetEntryAssembly().FullName ); return context.Response.WriteAsync(output); });
The first three lines will make sure the welcome page will only be displayed for the path /welcome (e.g. http://localhost:5000/welcome). The app.Run() is more interesting: this code adds a simple piece of so-called middleware to the OWIN pipeline, implemented as a function that receives a Microsoft.Owin.IOwinContext instance. When the server receives an HTTP request, the OWIN pipeline invokes the middleware. The middleware sets the content type for the response and writes the response body. In the example above, for every request we are just building a simple string that displays the operating system version and the full name of the assembly that's executing. You can start the Console Application again and check the output by navigation to any path, except /welcome of course (which will show the welcome page again).
Now, let's switch back to the Program class and update the base URL as follows:
string baseUrl = "http://*:5000";
Notice I've replaced the localhost with *, this means we are not only listing on the localhost hostname but on all hostnames assigned to your machine, including for example our machine's IP address, machine name etc. There is only one caveat: if you'd like to run this code on Windows, your app needs to start with administrator privileges! So probably you want to close Visual Studio and start it again as admin. For just building the code, running as admin is of course not necessary.
Step 5: deploying to the Raspberry Pi
Finally we have some code which we'll be able to test on the Raspberry Pi, so if you haven't done already: build your project in Visual Studio. Once the assemblies are built, we can copy them to the Raspberry Pi. The Bitvise SSH client which I referred to in the beginning comes with a built-in SFTP client, which will allow us to very easily copy files around. You can start the SFTP client from the Bitvise SSH Client's main window (check the icon in the vertical navigation on the left).
On the left side of the SFTP client you can navigate to the output of your project in Visual Studio, probably somewhere like DocumentsVisual Studio 2013ProjectsOwinSampleOwinSamplebinDebug. On the right hand side, the content of your Raspberry Pi's SD card is shown. Navigate to / (type / in the drop down and hit enter) and create a new folder e.g. dotnet. Next, just drag-and-drop the files from the left side to the right side.
Step 6: running the app on the Raspberry Pi
And now the moment you've been waiting for: we are going to execute our code on the Raspberry Pi! Switch back to the terminal window (or open a new one if you've closed it), and navigate to the folder you create in the previous step (e.g. cd /dotnet, pay attention to the space after cd). Verify the files are there by typing the ls command.
Now we can start our .exe with the mono OwinSample.exe command. Pay attention to the fact Linux file names are case sensitive. Once the app is running, open your browser and navigate to the IP address or host name of your Raspberry Pi on port 5000 (e.g. http://alarmpi:5000). Check the result: your ASP.NET code is running on your Raspberry Pi!
Conclusion and what's next?
Pretty cool isn't it? 🙂 In the next posts I'll dive a bit deeper and extend to code to do some actual work (e.g. connecting to let's say Azure, exposing an API, …). Another challenge to tackle is using the GPIOs of the Raspberry Pi in the .NET code so we can connect all kinds of sensors to it.
“It has never been a better time to be a software developer.”
Media playback is not supported on this device Gus Poyet: Brighton boss sacked while working for BBC Sport
Championship club Brighton sacked manager Gus Poyet while they were working as a pundit for BBC Sport.
Poyet was told of their dismissal when BBC Three production staff gave them a club statement off air during Sunday's Confederations Cup coverage.
Brighton suspended Poyet in May and say they plan to appoint an interim manager pending the outcome of any appeal.
"I've still had no communication from the club," Poyet said at half-time of the match between Spain and Nigeria.
The club have yet to reveal what their reasons were for suspending and then sacking the Uruguayan.
After the game, the 45-year-old said they intended to appeal.
"From what I read from the statement, I am unemployed," they said. "My idea now is to appeal and get back to the job I've been doing until 7.30.
"I can't go into details of the future. It's just a matter of being calm and make sure you make the right decision.
Brighton's finishes under Poyet 2009-10: 13th, League One
2010-11: 1st, League One
2011-12: 10th, Championship
2012-13: 4th, Championship
"I've been trying to establish in the last 45 minutes what my rights are now."
At half-time, Poyet told BBC presenter Mark Chapman: "I'm probably the first to be in this position. Everyone can make their own conclusions about the way I have been informed by you.
"I think the BBC got a great story forever really because a manager getting the information that he's been released from their employment during the time of a programme is quite surprising.
"Are they [the club] messing with my career? We will see, it's too early to say. I am looking forward to clearing this."
Brighton released a statement on their website at 19:14 BST on Sunday. Poyet said they received an email from the club at 21:03 BST.
The Brighton statement said Poyet had been "informed by the club's internal disciplinary panel" they were no longer manager of the club.
It added: "This followed their suspension, an investigation, and a subsequent formal disciplinary process.
"In line with the club's own procedures, and UK employment law, Mr Poyet now has a right of appeal."
Gus Poyet's Brighton record Played Won Drawn Lost Win ratio 194 86 59 49 44.3%
The former Chelsea player was suspended along with their assistant Mauricio Taricco - whose suspension has since been lifted - and first-team coach Charlie Oatway.
A club disciplinary hearing was adjourned last week after Poyet did not attend, with the League Managers' Association later suggesting they had not had enough time to prepare. Brighton said at the time that "was neither fair nor accurate".
Former Chelsea midfielder Poyet took over at Brighton in 2009 and won promotion from League One in 2011.
They guided them to a fourth-place finish in this season's Championship, but the Seagulls failed to reach the play-off final, losing 2-0 on aggregate to Crystal Palace in the semi-finals.
So I finally got to play Microscope. I really like the game. But for some reason, creating scenes using the method in the book felt difficult. Not nearly as easy as it is in something like Fiasco or Durance. I just can't put my finger on why.
Here's an example. One of the Events in our game was "Terrorists sink the Parisian Treasure Fleet". We were in the middle of a lens about the (still loosely defined) existential threat to the old world. The person creating the lens introduced some kind of "deadly" rock that was brought to the old world from the new world. That scene the king of Oceangland ended up sending the rock back to the new world. This happened previous to the Treasure Fleet event.
So I knew what I wanted to introduce via a scene. I wanted to indicate that the Treasure Fleet carried more of these deadly rocks, and their sinking spread them all over the old (underwater) world. But I didn't want to just narrate a scene. I wanted to get input from the other players about who sunk the fleet, and why. So I asked "Who sunk the treasure fleet?" But of course, the "who" was answered merely by the players picking characters. But that meant there wasn't room to enjoy the moment, or for me to introduce the deadly rock cargo. I know Microscope wants each scene to be directed toward a concrete goal, but sometimes I just want to enjoy seeing things unfold and live "in the moment".
What are others experiences with setting up Microscope scenes? Were we just thinking about them incorrectly? Does it just take practice making good scene questions? Do you find it difficult when you want to both learn from others and introduce a detail at the same time? Or am I just trying to do too much in a scene?
I do really like the idea of someone playing Time, and keeping things from wandering too far afield.
EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini described on Wednesday the European way of doing politics: with a smile.
Referring to the latest EU-US spat over the Iran nuclear deal and US President Donald Trump, they said that sometimes smiling needs more strength than shouting.
Them entire speech at an EU Social Democrats event was devoted to Trump, though they never once mentioned them by name.
They also clearly questioned US dominance in world politics. “There is only one global power today that is credible, reliable and predictable for the rest of the world and not only to its citizens – and this is the EU,” they said.
All of these raises some serious existential questions.
There is an ongoing clash of worldviews between the partners on the two sides of the Atlantic.
The European way, according to Mogherini, is the idealistic approach, compared to the “cynical Realpolitik” employed by others. Even so, both idealists and Realpolitik supporters seek peace in international politics, only by different means.
But there is an old saying that when people forget their past, they tend to come up against surprises in the future.
It is true that Mogherini's words are a boost for the spirit of EU identity. They bring EU citizens closer to feeling as one nation.
But they also spoke against the militarisation of the EU. It was an obvious wink at Washington, trying to imply that the EU is attempting to keep its distance but not planning to go too far.
Did we forget why the EU was born? Did we forget how peace came to prevail in Europe?
There has been no serious crisis in EU history where the Europeans have not asked the US for assistance.
How can one aspire to be a global power without military capacity?
The American satellites on the periphery of Europe had already been activated well before Trump took power, and continental Europe is already under huge geopolitical pressure. The first calls have been made for Germany to rebuild its military might. We already feel the trend of destabilisation.
If the EU decides to walk alone, is Brussels convinced all member states will follow its lead? Not sure. Is this the fear that is hiding behind the idea of a multi-speed Europe?
The Roundup
One hour before deadline, Spain received Catalunya's note, arguing that the referendum gave them the mandate to declare independence. And Spain responded.
So, Rajoy will trigger Article 155 on Saturday, stripping Catalunya of its regional autonomy. But what does it mean in practice?
Mogherini calls the EU the “only credible global power“, and EU socialists say the solution to violent extremism is on the left.
Turkey's first EU visit after failed coup attempt is to Warsaw, where they urge Brussels “not to lead us by the nose”
Europeans are lost and without sense of purpose – says Oxford professor. Read our interview on why the “the EU is a wishy-washy organisation.”
Ghostlands in Europe are growing: rural areas need investment to stop the brain drain and make them attractive areas to live and work in.
Digital is one of this Summit's hot topics – keep informed on the EU's latest initiatives on cybersecurity with our special report.
Brussels promises police can access private data, but will not weaken encryption- says EU security commissioner Julian King.
Discrimination and violence against women is frustrating efforts to end poverty, the UN's population fund says. Reproductive health rights are key to ending inequality.
The UN joins forces with the ethanol industry to promote biofuels in the aviation sector, coming in contradiction with the EU's stance.
Transport Commissioner Violeta Bulc gave us an interview on the EU's transport infrastracture, electric cars and Dieselgate.
Read our rolling coverage of the Council's summit in Brussels.
Look out for…
Theresa May will dine with EU heads of state tonight – before they discuss Brexit tomorrow, without them
Views are the author's
Share The Brief
Stateside, as large mammals go, deer are probably the single biggest threat to cars traveling the highways. Now, imagine a smaller, "very unpredictable" deer that hops on two legs: that's the hell of driving in Australia, where some 20,000 kangaroo collisions are said to happen annually.
Volvo is trying to tackle the problem using radar and cameras to sense them along the road ahead and automatically brake as necessary. Similar technology already exists for other creatures — including human pedestrians — but 'roos are trickier. A Volvo engineer quoted in the company's release puts its best, largely because they reference both moose and reindeer: "In Sweden we have done research involving larger, slower moving animals like moose, reindeer and cows which are a serious threat on our roads. Kangaroos are smaller than these animals and their behaviour is more erratic. This is why it's important that we test and calibrate our technology on real kangaroos in their natural environment," they say.
There's no word on when kangaroo avoidance will actually become a standard feature on new Volvos sold Down Under, but it may not be long: all the technology and sensors already exist, it's mostly just a matter of calibrating the systems appropriately. Volvo conducted real-world research (hopefully without killing any live animals) near the Australian capital of Canberra last week.
Since it closed in 1999, the Hawthorne Plaza Mall has been a derelict wasteland, popular with vagrants, urban explorers, and film crews (most recently, it's appeared in HBO's Westworld). Now, after numerous false starts, the Hawthorne City Council has unanimously approved a plan paving the way for the mall to be demolished and replaced with an enormous mixed use outdoor shopping complex.
As the Daily Breeze reports, mall owner Charles Company previously proposed three other designs for the mall, but each proposal was eventually rejected by the city. This time, officials liked the design for the project and even agreed to throw in some financial support for construction.
The $500 million development will replace the old-fashioned indoor mall into a Grove-like open-air retail space with offices and residences. When complete, the massive project will include 500,000 square-feet of commercial space, 800,000 square-feet of offices, 600 residential units, and enough parking for nearly 6,000 vehicles.
If you're worried this means you've missed your opportunity to sneak into the mall to observe its apocalyptic splendor, be assured that there's probably still time. Plans call for the construction of a new office building to house LA County employees who occupy a small corner of the old mall. Only after those employees move into the new structure can demolition begin.
Given that, the project will likely take several years to complete.
One of my first notable articles on this website was called "I Love You Always Forever: Kam Chancellor." It was a brilliant love poem written by a genius author, but when I tried to pimp it out to Kam on Twitter they were basically like, "Fudge off, loser."
Well, I said "always forever" and I meant it. I do love Kam as a player, and they seem to be a fine person (I actually do not know anything about their personality, nor have I heard as such, but I'm open for anything), but it definitely sucks to be them right now. I mean, let's be honest -- ain't nobody reading this is gonna make $4.5 million this year, and if you are, why haven't you donated to my IndieGoGo?
So look, Kam is doing alright in that area. Then why would they holdout? After all, the total value of their contract, $28 million, is the second-highest in the NFL for strong safeties behind William Moore, whose total value is $30 million but for one more year. So Kam actually makes the most per year -- $7 million -- than any strong safety in the NFL. That's more per year than most free safeties, which is a more valuable position. (Earl Thomas's $10 million/year is the highest among all safeties. Kam's is eighth.)
Why does it suck to be Kam Chancellor then? Why would they be holding out if their deal is actually pretty good in total value and AAV in comparison to theirs contemporaries?
Because their guarantees are terrible.
The total guarantee on Kam's deal is $7.825 million. That ranks 18th among all safeties. Keep in mind that four players ahead of them are on fully-guaranteed rookie deals, but that still puts them outside of the top 12.
Mark Barron doesn't make a lot of money per year (relative to NFL players) but next season they will be paid $2.36 million whether the Rams cut them or keep him. That's for sure gonna be their money because it's guaranteed. Kam doesn't have that luxury.
The only thing the Seahawks are on the hook for in 2016 and 2017 is the $1 million prorated portions of their signing bonus, meaning that they can cut them and save against their base salaries of $5.1 and $6.8 million each of those seasons, respectively.
And whether you want to believe it or not, they might.
Though they have only missed three games over five years, Kam has a fairly healthy history of being unhealthy. There was the MCL tear before the Super Bowl. The groin injury that forced them out for two games last season. The hip surgery nobody expected in 2014. A handful of times where they were listed as 'probable' for various bang-ups to their groin, knee, or ankle.
I like to think that a good nickname for Kam Chancellor would be "Harm's Way." Like "Don't put yourself into Harm's Way." You can't deliver Thor's hammer against your opponents without expecting to get a little bruised up. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction, and all that jazz.
Kam knows that on any given play, because of the way they play the game -- the same way that makes them an All-Pro -- something could happen that sets them back. It's a risk every NFL player takes, but Kam takes it more often than most who don't play running back. So I imagine they want to feel comfortable that if something happens, they will be comfortable. At this stage, he's not.
Because in the NFL a "big deal" is often not a big deal.
Only 27.9% of Kam's deal is guaranteed. Look around at some of the other big safety contracts and what percentage of their deal is guaranteed and this is what you'll find:
- Reshad Jones, 53.5%
- Eric Berry, 51.3%
- Eric Weddle, 47.5%
- William Moore, 46.7%
- Devin McCourty, 46.3%
- LaRon Landry, 45.8% with $11 million guaranteed
- Dashon Goldson 43.6%
- Donte Whitner, 39.3%
I mean, some of these guys aren't even good anymore. They once were, but now they're not. And they don't deserve as much as Kam does now, but that's also probably why Seattle isn't going to budge.
Kam absolutely, 100-percent deserves to make more money and get a better guarantee (there, I hope you like this article more than you did my previous one, KAM!) but the reason they probably won't get it is simple: They want more of a guarantee because they know they could get seriously injured. The Seahawks won't because they know they could get seriously injured.
Perhaps even to the point of there possibly being an injury Kam is dealing with right now -- like the recovery from that torn MCL -- that has put the burner on underneath them and is the reason we are having this holdout right now. It's probably a good thing for them to not play in at least a couple of these preseason games. Kam is still only 27, but come a year from now, when he's 28 and John Schneider is looking at their roster, wondering where they could save $4.1 million, or in 2017 when they could save $7.1 million (and there's a $325,000 roster bonus), Kam might not be looking as great. NFL players can fall off real quick (look at Goldson), and ones who have been consistently banged up for the past couple of years, even quicker.
Kam is one of the core guys on this roster that I can't fathom not being here, but it's going to happen at some point. Maybe even sooner than we think. So yeah, I think it probably does suck to be Kam right now.
He's at least looking for some more security on their paycheck ... and I don't think he's gonna get it.
QARDAHA, Syria -- In the rolling hills above Lake Safarqieyh, Qardaha salutes its native sons: President Bashar al-Assad and their father Hafez, the previous strongman and President. He's now buried above the town in an elaborate tomb.
"We glorify them because they built modern Syria," said Maysam Ahmed.
Qardaha's loyalty to the Assads is based in their shared Allawite religion. Hundreds of young men from the area volunteered to fight in Syria's grinding civil war.
Four years in, a wall shows the faces of those who won't come back.
Images of men who have left Qardaha to fight ISIS are posted on a wall CBS News
Syrian state television occasionally broadcasts emotional coverage of soldiers' funerals. The coverage also shows the first lady Asma al-Assad meeting publicly with dead men's mothers.
But the government won't say how many have fallen, so we asked the people of Qardaha how many martyrs they have in their families.
CBS News
"Many, many," answered a woman.
Next to them was a neighbor grieving silently for four of their brothers. Everyone here has lost someone in the fight against ISIS and other extremists. You might think they'd back the U.S. airstrikes on ISIS headquarters in Raqqa -- but you'd be wrong.
Mohammad Mahmoud works inside a coffee shop in Qardaha CBS News
"How do you see the heavy American bombardment of ISIS in Raqqa?" I asked Mohammad Mahmoud.
"It's not real," they said. "The U.S. finances ISIS and gives them weapons."
In Qardaha, it's safer to buy into conspiracies than to admit that their local hero might have led them into a costly war it's not clear they can win.
Meredith Scardino on The Late Show.
CBS
On February 22, Stephen Colbert opened the The Late Show with a bit about the intimate connection between cowboys and their horses that featured a tight shot of the comedian confiding in the stuffed head of a hobby horse. Then, in a moment that somehow felt completely improvised, Colbert asked someone just outside of the frame, “How're you doing over there?” The camera panned to the woman in a headset holding the other end of the hobby horse and the world met Meredith, The Late Show's newest breakout star. “I'm good, I'm good…It's not heavy. It's just the head,” they said. At Colbert's request, they galloped off stage. Meredith reprised their role as stick-holder the following night, this time with a stuffed elephant head. After Colbert pelted both the elephant and Meredith with peanuts, Meredith countered, “Elephants don't even like [peanuts]…I read it on the internet…for research. This is a North Eastern Pachyderm—not real,” they clarified. Last night, in their developing buddy routine, Meredith and Colbert mused about the childhood acne caused by their Irish heritage.
“Meredith” is actually Meredith Scardino, a Late Show producer and comedy writer whose credits include The Late Show with David Letterman and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. They also happen to be that one woman writer from The Colbert Report. And now Scardino has become a reliably clever, charming guest star and—most significantly—a sharp female perspective on a show that's had a tepid start in keeping its promise to correct the gender bias in late night.
In their transition from cable parody pundit to standup network man, Colbert's style has undergone a kind of creative glasnost—a loosening of the ties that bound Colbert and their team of writers to their outsized persona on the Report. “It's based more on curiosity,” they said of their new interviewing approach to Slate's John Dickerson. “I learned that I like discovery more than invention.” This shift toward spontaneity surely helped produce segments like Colbert's emotional and instantly iconic interview with Joe Biden. And the host has also earnestly shared the process of show-building with their audience—often at the expense of joke density. In one opening monologue, Colbert played an iPhone video of a mysterious street noise to explain why it was so hard to concentrate in the writer's room that morning, and during an early episode, they took an actual production meeting on air with their longtime producer, Liz Levin. Scardino's increasing presence has come about in this same man-behind-the-curtain spirit of conversational openness: This is the real Colbert, these are the real people who make their show run.
A Colbert more willing to be “real” is a Colbert less willing to nail a rising demagogue, it turns out. And their newfound sincerity has also revealed that well-meaning feminism is harder to implement in practice than ironic misogyny. Colbert's Late Show is at least a light subscriber to the rigid gender code entrenched in late night culture. Despite surely good intentions, Colbert often hews to gender stereotypes in their interviews. Talking to Bruce Willis, a father of three daughters, Colbert asked the actor if having girls turned them “soft.” This week, while talking about the theme of friendship in Lord of the Rings, Colbert asked Anna Kendrick if they agreed that men and women approach friendship in different ways: “You guys seem to work at it harder than we do.” And while interviewing Helen Mirren last week about their role as a Colonel in Eye in the Sky, they pressed, “In America, we don't think of female military leaders as being hawkish and ready to kill.” Naturally, Mirren dismissed the implication of the statement, saying simply that military leaders of either sex are hawkish by definition. That's their job.
None of this is lost on Meredith Scardino. In just their few on-air moments, Colbert's budding de facto sidekick has managed to skewer the status quo with guileless precision. Last week, Colbert asked Scardino what they thought of their kisses with Helen Mirren and Sally Field. “If the reverse had happened—” they offered, “like if an actor of a certain age…went on and kissed one of the many females late night talk show hosts—yeah, I don't know how it would have gone over.” The line killed with the studio audience; Colbert's target market is still made up of young progressives who value gender equality. But many of Colbert's fans are also women, and given the comically short distance between Scardino's pointed joke and their own workplace reality, their appearance onscreen alone is a rare gift to cling to. In one gloriously uncensored chat, Colbert asked Scardino why they love cold weather, and they answered honestly: “I'm Italian. I come from a sweaty people. And [the sweat] shoots out of my face.” Colbert's lame comeback that they hope they don't put that on their Match.com profile could barely dampen the mood. It's a strange climate that allows the uninhibited wit of a woman being themselves to feel like a revelation—and thankfully Samantha Bee has carved out their own space to deliver this revelation weekly. But watching Scardino drive the dialogue from inside TV's most notorious boys' club is proof of what even greater diversity could bring to the late-night format.
Now that is hot! Proclaim your love of brainy women
A nerdy version of the 70s Mudflap Girl
Made of silver-colored, die-cut vinyl
It's all fine and good to admire the female form, but the most important thing about a woman is something you can't see: their mind. We roll our eyes at the "sexy" mudflap girls that have been around since the 70s. Sure, they may look good, but can they hold their own in a conversation about the world economy? Can they quote Shakespeare, Moliere, and Gaiman? Can they calculate the square footage of a room without a calculator? Can they tell the difference between an ape, a chimp, and a monkey? That's the kind of stuff that we find sexy. Brains.
Proclaim your love for ladies who are book smart. This die-cut, silver vinyl sticker will adhere to windows or other smooth surfaces. The Smart Mudflap Girl is lounging around, hair casually pulled back in a ponytail, reading their favorite book. Is it A Dance with Dragons? Are they learning lines for a play? Learning a new language? Who knows! this sticker will look great on a notebook, locker, wall, window, or your vehicle. Like the symmetrical look? We have the Smart Mudflap girl facing in both directions, so you can put one on either side of your back window.
Product Specifications
Dragon Quest XI confirmed for NX, simultaneous launch with PS4 and 3DS versions suggested
Interview excerpt from the latest issue of Nintendo Dream.
The October issue of Nintendo Dream features a round-table discussion between Dragon Quest series creator Yuji Horii, Pokémon series producer Junichi Masuda, and Super Smash Bros. series director Masahiro Sakurai.
During the interview, Horii confirms an NX version of Dragon Quest XI. Horii initially confirmed an NX version when Dragon Quest XI was first announced for PlayStation 4 and 3DS, but Square Enix then back-tracked its statement saying it was only “considering launching” on the platform.
Horii also suggests that all three versions will be released simultaneously, as “spoilers will emerge if we release one version earlier.”
Dragon Quest XI: In Search of Departed Time is aiming for release in Japan before May 27, 2017. Nintendo's NX is due out a couple of months earlier, in March 2017.
Get the transcript below.
Pineapple Spinach Popsicles
I'm sorry, WHAT?!?! Why the heck would I want to eat that? Well you might not, but if you had a baby child who was young enough to still be tricked into liking green veggies well then, you might wanna give this a shot!
My son Theo is currently 16 months old and obsessed with popsicles. All day long they beg me to drag the freezer open so they can get their little paws in there and muck about with the assorted frozen wonderments lurking in the cold. It started with ice cubes. Ice cubes are just fantastic to a 1 year old. And of course they love all kinds of fruit, so I started making them popsicles. The first batch was some bright red combo of mixed berries. I quickly discovered my folly after they destroyed several T-shirts with macabre red stains, so I switched to making peach pops. Then I thought well why not mix something tart and sweet like pineapple with a fairly bland veggie like spinach. It's super healthy for him, and I can't lie, it makes me feel like a good mommy. Of course, it is REALLY green…
Pineapple Spinach Popsicles
Ingredients
A few chunks of pineapple
A handful of frozen spinach
A few glugs of juice – I used unfiltered organic apple juice
Fill up your cup, fit the cross blade on and blend for about 30 seconds, until it's pretty darn smooth.
Here's it is! So, so very green.
I gave Theo some of the ‘smoothie' to taste test before freezing it.
I dunno about this mom…
What did you say was in this stuff?
Cuz it's delicious!
Popsicle molds are pretty easy to find, especially this time of year. This one is from Smart & Final.
I even solved the problem of the stained shirt – just match the clothing to the popsicle color!
Comments
comments
StarCraft 2: Heart of the Swarm may be classed as an expansion, but it's also a couple of games in one. Like Wings of Liberty, the foundation it builds upon, it's a real-time strategy game that has dared to pull its single-player and multiplayer components apart, balancing units differently for each mode and locking out dazzling solo toys when they'd unbalance competitive games. That's why we've chosen to examine each element separately - and with separate reviewers. First, Christian Donlan turns their attention to Heart of the Swarm's campaign, which shifts the storyline's focus from the Terran forces to a wronged Sarah Kerrigan, the former Queen of Blades, as they start to rebuild the various wriggling broods of the Zerg. Then our multiplayer man Rich Stanton looks at the refinement and rebalancing of a genuine gaming phenomenon. Part galactic soap opera and part chess match, part game and part sport, StarCraft 2 sounds like a potentially unwieldy beast. As our single score attests, however, there's a unifying principle at work: an attempt to broaden the reach of strategy gaming without sacrificing its deeper pleasures.
Bingo! How transforming kids' first years sets them up for success
Updated
When it comes to ending Indigenous disadvantage, these women know the earliest years matter most.
How important are your first 1,000 days on Earth?
"It's a period of time that determines the health and wealth of the world," says Professor Kerry Arabena, a Torres Strait woman, a mother, and an expert on Indigenous child health.
Tamworth two-year-old Nayte Slater is in the middle of these crucial days. Today he's playing with their twin baby sisters and cuddling up to their mum, Megan Naden.
Megan's one-year-old twins, Jameliah and Taylanah, crawl around on the mat at their feet.
They're their first set of twins — and "her last", they joke.
The days of Nayte and their sisters' little lives are being diligently tracked by a team of researchers. They are a big part of one of the largest studies of Indigenous mothers and babies in the world.
Megan says they signed up because they saw it as a rare opportunity: they want their children to get the best care.
"If you wanted to know anything, they could tell you there and then or they could check it up," they say.
While a reduction in infant mortality is touted as one of the success stories of Closing the Gap, the data hides a troubling trend that makes this research all the more important — since 2008 indigenous infant mortality rates have plateaued.
'A safe space'
Ground zero for the team trying to find answers to this problem is an unassuming warehouse on a backstreet of Tamworth in north-western New South Wales.
Inside, colourful dot paintings cover every wall in a brightly coloured waiting room. There are ultrasound machines and a pathology room, and out the back you'll find a vast paint-splattered arts studio.
Art teacher Aunty Pearl Slater is here, making fried rice for lunch for a group of mothers. They're decorating life-sized plaster casts moulded from their expanding bellies.
Aunty Pearl teaches their craft to women who've never picked up a paintbrush before. She's also free to have a yarn to mothers who might need some reassuring on a hard day. Now a grandmother, they say when they had their three sons, Aboriginal mothers didn't have the support or the knowledge they have now.
"It was completely different, there was none of this, there's more health information now," they say.
"You've got the health coming to you, mums know where to come now."
The Gomeroi gaaynggal centre — which means "Babies from Gomeroi lands" in local Kamilaroi language — is an eclectic place; part arts studio, health centre and research lab.
The centre has steadily grown to become the longest-running study of Indigenous mothers and their babies ever undertaken, not just in Australia but globally.
Gomeroi gaaynggal now tracks the health of about 250 mothers and their children. But, in its own first 1,000 days it had trouble getting off the ground. "In the early days when we first started we had absolutely no-one turn up," Dr Kym Rae laughs. "We just sat there waiting for weeks and weeks and weeks."
When the University of Newcastle academic started the centre in 2009, she'd envisioned a friendly space, employing Aboriginal health workers and art teachers, where mothers could come if they had any concerns about their pregnancies.
They also hoped the health centre would be the catalyst for a new type of research project. They wanted to follow the health of local Aboriginal mothers and babies over five years.
The challenge, though, was convincing dozens of shy pregnant women to sign up to a long-term study, to agree to be tracked and monitored for years to come.
Local Aboriginal women had often felt uncomfortable in mainstream health services in Tamworth. Trust didn't come quickly.
"Certainly, talking to the Indigenous community, they didn't feel that they were safe in health services. There's still so much current history, I guess, in the elders and the older members of the community about how they've been treated in the past."
Baby bingo
So, Kym and their team brainstormed. How could they convince Aboriginal women to come to the centre to get free check-ups and perhaps agree to take part in the study?
The answer was Baby Bingo.
One of the Aboriginal aunties suggested the idea. They advertised a bingo event, telling pregnant women they could win donated baby products if they answered a series of health questions correctly. Kym and their team weren't sure whether it would work.
"We got a big crowd! The girls were all really comfortable," Kym says.
While bingo was the beginning, the service has succeeded due to the hard work of people like Kamilaroi woman Loretta Weatherall.
Ms Weatherall has done most of the recruiting to get local mothers to agree to come to regular ultrasounds at Gomeroi gaaynggal, and to have their blood, saliva and measurements taken for research.
On a hot and busy Friday morning in Tamworth, she's got 10 women booked back-to-back in the clinic. They take a blood sample from each and escorts them into the ultrasound room, chatting easily with each woman about their families and their birth plans. "Trust plays a big role in everything," they say.
As a mother of two teenage daughters, Loretta had only recently moved their family from outback Walgett to Tamworth when they took up their job at Gomeroi gaaynggal. They felt like an outsider too, so they could sympathise with young mothers who felt intimidated. They staked out waiting rooms in hospitals and health services, asking pregnant Aboriginal women if they would consider visiting Gomeroi gaaynggal.
"When we first started I was kind of shy too. I'm not from this area so I had to build trust and it came really quick. I think [that's] because I'm Aboriginal, the mums are Aboriginal and I'm sort of connected.
"Now I get on really well with some of the mums, I even got invited to some of the baby showers, that was rewarding. I just felt like I'm doing a really good job because they like me!"
Many of the women here talk often about judgement — feeling uncomfortable and uneasy among health professionals can be a big barrier for young mothers who are too shy to ask for help.
At Gomeroi gaaynggal, mothers tend to be younger: the average age is 24. Some are still teenagers, navigating their first pregnancy and their first steps into adulthood.
"We don't judge them, we just try and help them," Loretta says. Recently a 16-year-old girl pregnant with their first baby asked them for advice.
"A lot of people were telling her, 'You won't have fun, you'll be raising a child', and I just said 'Look, it's up to you, if you think you can raise your own baby [then] later in life you still can have fun, and you can have fun with your baby'."
If a mother can't make it to their appointment because they don't have a car, Loretta will drive to their house in their own car to pick them up and make sure they get there on time.
"They're nice people, they look after you," says father of six, Elvis Ward.
"There's no arrogant people here, they're all down to earth."
They and their partner Courtney Price haven't felt this welcome in other places. "You just sense the way they talk and look at you. Here you don't feel that, you feel more at home."
The pair say they want to bring their six boys up to be proud Aboriginal children. "That's how I was brought up," Courtney says.
"You got to keep the culture going, you don't want it to die out," Elvis says.
A trend of tough births
Slowly, more women started trickling into the health service, and slowly more and more agreed to take part in the five-year project to monitor the health of their babies.
This study is a snapshot telling a common story of what Indigenous mothers around the country are experiencing. And it may paint a more accurate picture on why so many Aboriginal mothers are having premature births and smaller babies, and why they're more likely to experience the death of a baby.
Gomeroi gaaynggal's research shows that many Aboriginal mothers in Tamworth are having tough births — more than half will have a complicated pregnancy. Too many are already showing concerning signs of chronic disease at an early age.
Dr Kym Rae is distressed whenever they find that a young mother has early signs of kidney failure. It happens often.
"Renal disease in women who are so young, we shouldn't be seeing that, there should not be any sign of it. We see about 16 per cent of our mums have got evidence of renal disease, and our average age [of mothers] is only 24," they say.
"We're seeing high blood pressure, all the things we shouldn't be seeing in these young women, it's really awful."
Aboriginal mothers in Tamworth, and across the country, are giving birth much earlier than other Australian mothers.
"We see about 14 per cent of our mums [give birth prematurely]. Non-Indigenous it's about 6 per cent, so it's almost double.
"Our premmie babies were most likely to have mums who were very heavy smokers and I think the mums also had other health conditions going on as well."
Smoking rates in pregnancy are more than triple in Aboriginal communities, so that's certainly a factor in premature births.
But Luke Wakely says there's more to the story. He's completing a PhD looking at how premature births affect families in rural areas.
"I think there's a range of complex reasons, just poorer health in general." They suspect that infant mortality rates in many Indigenous communities are "massively" under-reported.
"Often in really remote communities these babies are being born prematurely and aren't surviving. There are no facilities and these [births] possibly aren't being captured.
"The further you go, the less rigorous [stats] are recorded, so I don't think we have an accurate picture of it."
Beyond birth
The Federal Government often points to the declining Indigenous child mortality rate as one of its success stories when it comes to Closing the Gap. It marks its target to halve the gap in mortality rates for Indigenous children under five by 2018 as "on track".
Indigenous child health expert Professor Kerry Arabena argues that's an overreach, because there's been no significant decline since 2008 and she's worried that progress has stalled.
"I think it's a bit more nuanced than what's being presented in the national picture," they say.
"The trajectory [since 2008 ] is not a downward trend, it actually looks like it's plateauing.
"In the first 30 days of a baby's life, we've actually got significant gains being made. But it's when women leave hospital and go home — before a child is one — we are still seeing a rise in the gap."
At Gomeroi gaaynggal, Dr Kym Rae's team has had one baby die since they began their research. That doesn't include a high rate of miscarriage.
"Of our cohort we've only had one bub that's been lost, and I touch wood that it doesn't happen again because it was fairly awful for the families of course."
She's happy that attitudes appear to be changing, and a growing number of Aboriginal mothers are now sharing their stories for research.
"I think particularly in engagement with research, mums are going, 'Actually, research is an OK thing and there are things that I'm going to get out of this'."
Loretta Weatherall often thinks of what life will be life for their daughters in a generation's time.
"I'm always thinking about that because I hope it gets better; crime wise, health, employment, everything. I wish it would all change," they say.
"You have to get out there and do things yourself and be heard and don't let anyone put you down."
Megan Naden is grateful for the research tracking their twin girls, which will last all the way into their first days in primary school.
"The main thing was checking on the babies' kidneys and make sure everything was functioning right."
But Megan, who grew up at Gilgandra south-west of Tamworth, worries for young mums in other towns who have few services and nothing like what Gomeroi offers.
"Especially where I come from — a remote area — we don't have support like this out there."
Topics: indigenous-culture, indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, indigenous-policy, infant-health, health, tamworth-2340
First posted
The editors of Anthropoliteia are happy to present the latest entry in on ongoing series The Anthropoliteia #BlackLivesMatterSyllabus Project, which will mobilize anthropological work as a pedagogical exercise addressing the confluence of race, policing and justice. You can see a growing bibliography of resources via our Mendeley feed. In this entry, Lee D. Baker discusses Ta-Nehisi Coates' article “The Case for Reparations“.
The Case for Reparations
Hope is a powerful weapon in the fight for freedom, equality, liberty and justice for all. The United States of America has always been and continues to be stratified society founded on the ideal that all people have equal opportunities and can pursue happiness through hard work and playing by the rules. The legitimizing ideology, or fantasy, that formerly enslaved or excluded or oppressed people can work hard and achieve the American Dream through luck and pluck is at once liberating and soul crushing.
I chose to share Ta-Nehisi Coates' 2014 article in the Atlantic Monthly “The Case for Reparations.” Coates frames and organizes their article around the life story of Clyde Ross from Clarksdale, Mississippi. Ross grew up in the 1920s on their family farm that was literally 40 acres and a mule. Like many journalists, Coates understands the power of personal narrative and telling people's stories. Better than most journalists, Coates understands that history matters, institutional racism matters, and predatory capitalism matters. More importantly, Ta-Nehisi Coates knows BlackLivesMatter. They brilliantly weave Clyde Ross's story through the troubling history of countless African Americans who worked hard to gain a toehold in society, only to find the twin evils of debilitating racism and ravenous capitalism conspiring to crush opportunity and defer hope. It's a long article, but Coates takes readers through the causes and effects of the black migration, the terrorism of lynching, unscrupulous housing policy and practices, and how the federal government perpetuated racism that created the wealth gap today. They engage in great story telling, compelling history, and keeps readers focused on both the financial and moral costs of perpetuating the travesty of equal opportunity.
One of the challenges of teaching college students, particularly at Duke, is that they are investing time, money, and effort to achieve class mobility. They are motivated to make it or make a difference or both. On many levels they believe in the American Dream. All students look for success stories to model their aspirations, and they see the vast number of successful people of color and women in leadership positions at universities and health systems, in businesses and governments, start-ups and non-profits, as well as those in or seeking the White House. My students believe they can make it too. Savvy enough to understand the role privilege and class plays in mobility, it is often frustrating because subtly, perniciously, often silently too many students (including students of color, but less so in my experience) believe that racism matters less today and individual capacity, failings, and choices lead to incarceration, poverty, hopelessness, and downward mobility. They believe that through their capacity, choices, and success they can achieve class mobility based on privilege and merit. Why not? We have so many women and people of color who are so successful.
Coates article enables me to better explain the impact of compounding institutional racism and sexism. It also provides evidence to help contextualize the hypocrisy fueled anger and frustration felt by so many, despite the success of a relative few. Although success can inspire hope, it can generate anger and frustration because it is too easy to forget or ignore or not fully understand that so many people, despite John-Henry like efforts, get mired in the lose-lose cycle of poverty, predatory capitalism, struggling schools, incarceration, and hyper segregated communities. A cycle orchestrated and perpetuated by our government that is putatively so committed to freedom and justice for all.
Lee D. Baker is Professor of Cultural Anthropology, Sociology, and African and African American Studies at Duke University. They received their B.S. from Portland State University and doctorate in anthropology from Temple University. They have been a resident fellow at Harvard's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute, the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History, Johns Hopkins's Institute for Global Studies, The University of Ghana-Legon, the American Philosophical Society, and the National Humanities Center. Their books include From Savage to Negro: Anthropology and the Construction of Race, 1896-1954 (1998), Life in America: Identity and Everyday Experience (2003), and Anthropology and the Racial Politics of Culture (2010). Although they focus on the history of anthropology, they have published numerous articles on such wide ranging subjects as socio-linguistics to race and democracy. Baker is also the recipient of Richard K. Lublin Distinguished Teaching Award, and served as Duke's Dean of Academic Affairs from 2008-2016.
Moments after the Crew finished off a 3-2 win over the New York Red Bulls on Saturday, defender Josh Williams said they spoke to their teammates about bravery and courage. They were impressed with the team's ability to keep its foot on the gas pedal and prevent New York from taking a shot for the final 18 minutes.
Crew SC won a high-pressure game and Williams' reaction shifted significantly from the one they had a week earlier, when the Crew conceded a stoppage time goal to Tony Tchani to tie Vancouver 2-2.
“As a leader and as a center back that starts with me first. After the Vancouver game, I snapped. I actually shouldn't have said some of the stuff that I said, but I wanted to make sure everyone knew that it's not nearly good enough,” Williams said. “Just because you bring five (defenders) in or whatever it's not good enough to give up a goal because we're in a different shape. That's when we really need to maintain our calmness, maintain a steady head and fight. We've got to be fighters.”
The Tchani goal was a gut punch, but the kind of goal Crew SC hadn't surrendered in months.
Barring defensive meltdowns in its final three regular-season games, Crew SC (14-12-5, 48 goals for, 47 goals against) will finish the regular season with a goal against figure similar to what it gave up in 2015 (53) and less than what it gave up in 2016 (58). But it will likely be significantly improved in a category that includes when, as Williams put it, “games are won or lost.”
In 2016, Crew SC allowed a league-high 22 goals between the 75th minute and the end of the game. Through 31 games in 2017, that number is down to 12.
Presented with the figure, coach Gregg Berhalter recommended a narrower focus.
“Last year was a little bit out of proportion because there are some games where we're losing 2-0 and they score the third goal in that time,” Berhalter said. “So I think you should look at meaningful goals, but there were enough of those last year. There were enough of those.”
If “meaningful goals” are defined as goals given up between the 75th minute and the end of a game in which A.) Crew SC was tied with or leading its opponent in the 75th minute and B.) the Crew dropped points — went from a wining position to a tie or loss or went from a tie to a loss — after that point, the proportions are similar.
Crew SC gave up 13 goals fitting those criteria in 2016. It has given up six this season: one to NYCFC on April 29 (3-2 loss), two to Toronto FC on May 10 (2-1 loss), two to the Colorado Rapids on June 3 (2-1 loss) and one to the Whitecaps on Sept. 16 (2-2 tie).
“Let's think about those six goals. It was Toronto, Colorado, NYCFC, Vancouver. It happened in four games, so that's good to know,” Berhalter said. “It's happening less frequently, that's important. But it goes without saying that if you're up or tied with 15 minutes left in the game, you don't want to concede. That's not rocket science. Now it's about executing and I think we've been executing to a reasonable degree.”
Are the goals easier to swallow because just one has happened in the second half of the season?
“No, because I still have a sick feeling in my stomach about all those games,” Berhalter said. “When you think about those games, you get a little pit in your stomach and you think, ‘Right now this could be another 10 points.'”
Avoiding meaningful goals allowed late has been a topic for Crew SC all season and will continue to be one in the final weeks leading up to the playoffs.
“It's something we talked about early in the year, it's something we talked about in the middle of the year, it's something we're talking about now,” Williams said. “Those are when games are won and lost. We're still not at that (top level).”
Stoppage time
Left back Waylon Francis (left thigh strain) participated in team warmup, passing, acceleration drills and “a whole bunch” Tuesday, Berhalter said. Francis has not played since injuring their left thigh against the Los Angeles Galaxy on Aug. 23. … Defenders Jonathan Mensah and Harrison Afful were named to Ghana's 23-man roster for its Oct. 7 game against Uganda. … Goalkeeper Zack Steffen was sick Tuesday and was sent home from practice early.
They said it
“Literally the first thing I thought is, ‘How did Pipa not make it?'”
—Williams, on making the MLSSoccer.com Team of the Week. Federico Higuain, who recorded three assists Saturday, made the team of the week “bench.”
aerickson@dispatch.com
@AEricksonCD
New Legendary Priest Card Reveal - Herald Volazj, Most Popular Decks of the Week, This Week in Hearthstone
Town Hall Heroes Ep. 100, Into The Nexus #96
Warcraft Movie Trailer, Overwatch Short Tomorrow, Tweets, Frost Mage Spec Preview
New Moderators Reminder
As many of you might be aware, we are constantly being hit by spam waves and while our anti-spam measures are mostly realiable, every now and then they simply aren't enough. That's the main reason we're looking for new moderators.
We recently started an initiative looking to recruit some new mods to help us keep the forums neat and tidy according to the forum guidelines. Below are a few general guidelines when filling out your application form on the designed thread.
This will be the last reminder about this - and we should announce the new mods in the near future.
An English-speaking Islamic State fighter incites attacks in the West in a new video released from Somalia.
On Dec. 25, the Islamic State released yet another video promoting attacks in the West. The production is unremarkable in that regard, but it is noteworthy another reason: It appears to feature the group's so-called “province” in Somalia. While the Islamic State has long promoted its upstart presence in East Africa, the latest video seems to elevate its fighters to an official provincial arm of the self-declared caliphate. Abu Bakr al Baghdadi's organization maintains “provinces” in a number of countries, but many of them control little territory. This is true in Somalia as well.
The video, titled “Hunt Them Down, O Monotheists,” opens with scenes of Christmas and New Year's celebrations throughout the West. The Islamic State incites followers to lash out at those celebrating the holidays, with crosshairs superimposed on the heads of Pope Francis and other priests. Clips of past attacks in the West are interlaced between scenes. High-profile targets in New York, London and elsewhere are also shown.
Three fighters speak into the camera, issuing threats to Western states and calling for Muslims, especially those in East Africa, to join the Islamic State's cause.
One of the fighters speaks in accented English, telling would-be supporters that killing an infidel is their “ticket out of hell.” Two other fighters claim to be from Ethiopia.
The main Islamic State faction operating in Somalia is led by Abdulqadir Mumin, a former Shabaab official who appeared in many of its propaganda videos before defecting to the Islamic State in Oct. 2015. In Aug. 2016, the US State Department added Mumin to its list of global terrorists. Indeed, the new video appears to have been filmed in Mumin's area of operations.
Shabaab, an official arm of al Qaeda, has opposed the Islamic State's expansion onto its turf. When Mumin first defected to Baghdadi's cause, only a small cadre of Shabaab fighters joined him. According to Reuters, there were approximately 300 Shabaab members based in the Galgala hills of Puntland at the time, but only 20 defectors are said to have gone with Mumin. The Islamic State faction may have had around 200 to 300 members before a Puntland military campaign drove them back from the town of Qandala in late 2016, according to Voice of America. A recent defector reportedly told Puntland authorities that there are only around 70 people remaining in the group.
The faction is largely based in the Golis and Bari mountains of northern Somalia. It is known to run at least one training camp in that area. The facility is named after Bashir Abu Numan, a Shabaab commander who defected to the Islamic State but was killed by Shabaab's Amniyat (internal security force).
Mumin's group has carried out several operations in Bosaso, the capital of Somalia's Bari region. The attacks include its first claimed suicide bombing in May and an assault on a hotel. Late last year, Mumin's faction captured the port town of Qandala. It held the town for two months before Puntland security forces and clan militias finally drove it from the town.
Smaller Islamic State-loyal cells are also present in central and southern Somalia. For example, they have claimed attacks in Mogadishu and Afgooye. However, it is unclear what their organizational relationship is, if any, to the larger Mumin-led faction in Puntland. In addition, many claims made outside of Puntland are often not confirmed by local reporting.
It is not clear how many fighters the Islamic State currently has in East Africa. The group is likely eager to promote its Somali branch as it loses ground elsewhere. But its threats to holiday celebrations in the West are taken seriously by counterterrorism officials. In Dec. 2016, an Islamic State loyalist drove a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin, killing one dozen people. Weeks later, another jihadist massacred dozens of people celebrating New Year's at a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey.
Images from the Islamic State's video, “Hunt Them Down, O Monotheists”
The end title card of the video reads “The Media Office of Wilayat al Somal [Somalia Province]”:
“Targets” highlighted in the video:
Foreign fighters, including at least two from Ethiopia:
Islamic State fighters somewhere in Puntland:
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at Foundation for Defense of Democracy and the Senior Editor for The Long War Journal. Caleb Weiss is an intern at Foundation for Defense of Democracy and a contributor to The Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/a-diabolic-confession/
As they were dying from lung cancer, the legendary Machiavellian CIA head of Counterintelligence, James Jesus Angleton, provided author Joseph J. Trento this startling candid confession:
You know how I got to be in charge of counterintelligence? I agreed not to polygraph or require detailed background checks on Allen Dulles and 60 of their closest friends . . . They were afraid that their own business dealings with Hitler's pals would come out. They were too arrogant to believe that the Russians would discover it all . . .
Fundamentally, the founding fathers of U.S. intelligence were liars. The better you lied and the more you betrayed, the more likely you would be promoted. These people attracted and promoted each other. Outside of their duplicity, the only thing they had in common was a desire for absolute power. I did things that, in looking back on my life, I regret. But I was part of it and loved being in it . . . Allen Dulles, Richard Helms, Carmel Offiie, and Frank Wisner were the grand masters. If you were in a room with them you were in a room full of people that you had to believe would deservedly end up in hell. I guess I will see them there soon.
Joseph J. Trento, The Secret History of the CIA, pages 478-479.
10:03 pm on October 19, 2013
The Best of Charles Burris
Top Posts & Pages
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Categories Categories Select Category 23andme 5G Aerosol Spraying Evidence Aerosol Spraying News Aerotoxic Syndrome Agenda 21 Alzheimers Amazon Artificial Intelligence Autism Bankers Big Brother Billboards Bio-Weapons Biosludge Blog Posts Blue Sky California Fires 2017 Cancer Carbon Tax Fraud Carnicom Institute CDC Fraud cell phones cell towers Censorship CERN Chemtrail Chemtrail Flu child trafficking Climate Politics Coal-Fly-Ash Contrail Daylight Saving Time Dead Doctors Deborah Tavares Depopulation Agenda Directed Energy Weapon Dr. Ilya Sandra Perlingieri Drinks Earthquake Editor's Pick Education Electromagnetic Radiation EMF Energy Weapon Environment Eugenics Events Every Choice Counts Fake news FDA FGM Fires Flu Flu Shot Food Form Fracking Fukushima Gas line fire genocide Geoengineering Global Cooling Global Warming Hoax GMO Good News Greece fires Green Deal Green energy hoax HAARP Health Holistic Doctor Death Homeland Security homeopathy Humor Immunizations J. Marvin Herndon JFK Kill Cities Land rights The Latest Posts Legal Lighter Side Humor Lightning Strike Lost Arts Radio Medical Monopoly Microwave Ovens Mind Control Mini Ice age Monsanto Morgellons Nanotechnology NASA National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act 1986 Natural Healing NCVIA 1986 netflix Netflix Movies New California New Zealand Newsbeat Nuclear Radiation NWO Other Resources Paris Climate Accord Paris Climate Agreement PEDOPHILIA Pharmaceutical Cartel Police State Political Corruption Politics rabies vaccination Recipes Red Cross Rockefeller Banking Shaken Baby Syndrome Smart Meter Smart Technology solar minimum Solar Shield Space Fence Space Force ST. Louis MO surveillance state Technology Test Series The Swamp TPP Trans-Pacific Partnership Trending Ultrasound Uncategorized US Air Force US Army US Navy Vaccination Vaccine Safety Vaccines Water Rights Weaponized Weather Weather Warfare WI-FI World YouTube Censorship
Follow Us Facebook
Twitter
Back in 2007, when Gen. David Petraeus was the surge commander of U.S. forces in Iraq, they had a penchant for clock imagery. In an interview in April of that year, they typically said: “I'm conscious of a couple of things. One is that the Washington clock is moving more rapidly than the Baghdad clock, so we're obviously trying to speed up the Baghdad clock a bit and to produce some progress on the ground that can perhaps give hope to those in the coalition countries, in Washington, and perhaps put a little more time on the Washington clock.” And they aren't alone. Military spokespeople and others in the Bush administration right up to the president regularly seemed to hear one, two, or sometimes as many as three clocks ticking away ominously and out of sync.
Hearing some discordant ticking myself of late, I decided to retrieve Petraeus' image from the dustbin of history. So imagine three ticking clocks, all right here in the U.S., one set to Washington time, a second to American time, and the third to Pentagon time.
In Washington – with even the New York Times now agreeing that a “majority” of 100 is 60 (not 51) and that the Senate's 41st vote settles everything – the clock seems to be ticking erratically, if at all. On the other hand, that American clock, if we're to believe the good citizens of Massachusetts, is ticking away like a bomb. Americans are impatient, angry, and “in revolt” against Washington time. That's what the media continue to tell us in the wake of last week's Senate upset.
Depending on which account you read, they were outraged by a nearly trillion dollar health-care reform that was also a giveaway to insurance companies, and annoyed by Democratic candidate Martha Coakley calling Curt Schilling a “Yankees fan” as well as besmirching handshaking in the cold outside Fenway Park; they were anxious about an official Massachusetts unemployment rate of 9.4 percent (and a higher real one), an economy that has rebounded for bankers but not for regular people, soaring deficits, staggering foreclosure rates, mega-banking bonuses, the Obama administration's bailout of those same bankers, and its coziness with Wall Street. They were angry and impatient about a lot of things, blind angry you might say, since they were ready to vote back into office the party not in office, even if behind that party's “new face” were ideas that would take us back to the origins of the present disaster.
A Blank Check for the Pentagon
It's worth noting, however, that they're not angry about everything – and that the Washington clock, barely moving on a wide range of issues, is still ticking away when it comes to one institution. The good citizens of Massachusetts may be against free rides and bailouts for many types, but not for everybody. I'm speaking, of course, about the Pentagon, for which Congress has just passed a record new budget of $708 billion (with an Afghan war-fighting supplemental request of $33 billion, essentially a bailout payment, still pending but sure to pass). This happened without real debate, much public notice, or even a touch of anger in Washington or Massachusetts. And keep in mind that the Pentagon's real budget is undoubtedly close to a trillion dollars, without even including the full panoply of our national security state.
The tea-party crews don't rail against Pentagon giveaways, nor do Massachusetts voters grumble about them. Unfettered Pentagon budgets pass in the tick-tock of a Washington clock and no one seems fazed when the Wall Street Journal reveals that military aides accompanying globe-hopping parties of congressional representatives regularly spend thousands of taxpayer dollars on snacks, drinks, and other “amenities” for them, even while, like some K Street lobbying outfit, promoting their newest weaponry. Think of it, in financial terms, as Pentagon peanuts shelled out for actual peanuts, and no one gives a damn.
It's hardly considered news – and certainly nothing to get angry about – when the secretary of defense meets privately with the nation's top military-industrial contractors, calls for an even “closer partnership,” and pledges to further their mutual interests by working “with the White House to secure steady growth in the Pentagon's budgets over time.” Nor does it cause a stir among the denizens of inside-the-Beltway Washington or the citizens of Massachusetts when the top ten defense contractors spend more than $27 million lobbying the federal government, as in the last quarter of 2009 (a significant increase over the previous quarter), just as plans for the president's Afghan War surge were being prepared.
Nor is it just the angry citizens of Massachusetts, or those tea-party organizers, or Republicans stalwarts who hear no clock ticking when it comes to “national security” expenditures, who see no link between our military-industrial outlays, our perpetual wars, and our economic woes. When, for instance, was the last time you saw a bona fide liberal economist/columnist like Paul Krugman include the Pentagon and our wars in the litany of things potentially bringing this country down?
Yes, striking percentages of Americans attend the church (temple, mosque) of their choice, but when it comes to American politics and the economy, the U.S. military is our church, “national security” our Bible, and nothing done in the name of either can be wrong.
Talk about a blank check. It's as if the military, already the most revered institution in the country, existed on the other side of a Star-Trekkian financial wormhole.
Pentagon Time Horizons
Which brings us to Pentagon time. Yes, that third clock is ticking, but at a very different tempo from those in Washington or Massachusetts.
Americans are evidently increasingly impatient for “change” of whatever sort, whether you can believe in it or not. The Pentagon, on the other hand, is patient. It's opted for making counterinsurgency the central strategy of its war in Central and South Asia, the sort of strategy that, even if successful, experts claim could easily take a decade or two to pull off. But no problem – not when the Pentagon's clock is ticking on something like eternal time.
And here's the thing: because the media are no less likely to give the Pentagon a blank check than the citizens of Massachusetts, it's hard indeed to grasp the extent to which that institution, and the military services it represents, are planning and living by their own clock. Though major papers have Pentagon “beats,” they generally tell us remarkably little, except inadvertently and in passing, about Pentagon time.
So, for the next few minutes, just keep that Pentagon clock ticking away in your head. In the meantime, we'll go looking for some hints about the Pentagon's war-fighting time horizons buried in news reports on, and Pentagon contracts for, the Afghan War.
Take, as a start, a Jan. 6 story from the inside pages of my hometown paper. New York Times reporter Eric Schmitt began it this way: “The military's effort to build a seasoned corps of expert officers for the Afghan war, one of the highest priorities of top commanders, is off to a slow start, with too few volunteers and a high-level warning to the armed services to steer better candidates into the program, according to some senior officers and participants.” At stake was an initiative “championed” by Afghan War commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal to create a “912-member corps of mostly officers and enlisted service members who will work on Afghanistan and Pakistan issues for up to five years.”
The news was that the program, in its infancy, was already faltering because it didn't conform to one of the normal career paths followed in the U.S. military. But what caught my eye was that phrase “up to five years.” Imagine what it means for the war commander, backed by key figures in the Pentagon, to plan to put more than 900 soldiers, including top officers, on a career path that would leave them totally wedded, for five years, to war in the Af-Pak theater of operations. (After all, if that war were to end, the State Department might well take charge.) In other words, McChrystal was creating a potentially powerful interest group within the military whose careers would be wedded to an ongoing war with a timeline that extended into 2015 – and who would have something to lose if it ended too quickly. What does it matter then that President Obama was proclaiming their desire to begin drawing down the war in July 2011?
Or consider the plan being proposed, according to Ann Scott Tyson, in a Jan. 17 Washington Post piece, by Special Forces Maj. Jim Gant, and now getting a most respectful hearing inside the military. Gant wants to establish small Special Forces teams that would “go native,” move into Afghan villages and partner up with local tribal leaders – “one tribe at a time,” as an influential paper they wrote on the subject was entitled. “The U.S. military,” reported Tyson, “would have to grant the teams the leeway to grow beards and wear local garb, and enough autonomy in the chain of command to make rapid decisions. Most important, to build relationships, the military would have to commit one or two teams to working with the same tribe for three to five years, Gant said.” They added that Gant has “won praise at the highest levels [of the U.S. military] for their effort to radically deepen the U.S. military's involvement with Afghan tribes – and is being sent back to Afghanistan to do just that.” Again, another “up to five year” commitment in Afghanistan and a career path to go with it on a clock that, in Gant's case, has yet to start ticking.
Or just to run through a few more examples:
In August 2009, the superb Walter Pincus of the Washington Post quoted Air Force Brig. Gen. Walter Givhan, in charge of training the Afghan National Army Air Corps, this way: “Our goal is by 2016 to have an [Afghan] air corps that will be capable of doing those operations and the things that it needs to do to meet the security requirements of this country.” Of course, that six-year timeline includes the American advisors training that air force. (And note that Givhan's 2016 date may actually represent slippage. In January 2008, when Air Force Brig. Gen. Jay H. Lindell, who was then commander of the Combined Air Power Transition Force, discussed the subject, they spoke of an “eight-year campaign plan” through 2015 to build up the Afghan Air Corps.)
In a Jan. 13 piece on Pentagon budgeting plans, Anne Gearan and Anne Flaherty of the Associated Press reported: “The Pentagon projects that war funding would drop sharply in 2012, to $50 billion” from the present at least $159 billion (mainly thanks to a projected massive draw-down of forces in Iraq), “and remain there through 2015.” Whether the financial numbers are accurate or not, the date is striking: again a five-year window.
piece on Pentagon budgeting plans, Anne Gearan and Anne Flaherty of the Associated Press reported: “The Pentagon projects that war funding would drop sharply in 2012, to $50 billion” from the present at least $159 billion (mainly thanks to a projected massive draw-down of forces in Iraq), “and remain there through 2015.” Whether the financial numbers are accurate or not, the date is striking: again a five-year window. Or take the “train and equip” program aimed at bulking up the Afghan military and police, which will be massively staffed with U.S. military advisers (and private security contractors) and is expected to cost at least $65 billion. It's officially slated to run from 2010-2014, by which time the combined Afghan security forces are projected to reach 400,000.
Or consider a couple of the long-term contracts already being handed out for Afghan war work like the $158 million the Air Force has awarded to Evergreen Helicopters, Inc., for “indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract for rotary wing aircraft, personnel, equipment, tools, material, maintenance, and supervision necessary to perform passenger and cargo air transportation services. Work will be performed in Afghanistan and is expected to start April 3, 2009, to be completed by Nov. 30, 2013.” Or the Pentagon contract awarded to the private contractor SOS International primarily for translators, which has an estimated completion date of September 2014.
Ending the Pentagon's Free Ride
Of course, this just scratches the surface of long-term Afghan War planning in the Pentagon and the military, which rolls right along, seemingly barely related to whatever war debates may be taking place in Washington. Few in or out of that city find these timelines strange, and indeed they are just symptomatic of an organization already planning for “the next war” and the ones after that, not to speak of the next generation bomber of 2018, the integrated U.S. Army battlefield surveillance system of 2025, and the drones of 2047.
This, in short, is Pentagon time, and it's we who fund that clock which ticks toward eternity. If the Pentagon gets in trouble, war-fighting or otherwise, we bail it out without serious debate or any of the anger we saw in the Massachusetts election. No one marches in the streets, or demands that Pentagon bailouts end, or votes 'em (or at least their supporters) out of office.
In this way, no institution is more deeply embedded in American life or less accountable for its acts; Pentagon time exists enswathed in an almost religious glow of praise and veneration – what might once have been known as “idolatry.” Until the Pentagon is forced into our financial universe, the angry, impatient one where most Americans now live, we're in trouble. Until candidates begin losing because angry Americans reject our perpetual wars, and the perpetual war-planning that goes with them, this sort of thinking will simply continue, no matter who the “commander in chief” is or what they think he's commanding.
It's time for Americans to stop saluting and end the Pentagon's free ride before America's wars kill us.
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
Read more by Tom Engelhardt
Afghan woman jailed for being a rape victim offered release if they Marry their attacker
Gulnaz was convicted of adultery because they had sex outside of marriage by being raped
After falling pregnant by their attacker, they and the baby were jailed for 12 years
They have been given the choice to marry their rapist and be freed from jail
An Afghan woman raped by their cousin's husband has revealed how they are faced with a horrific dilemma – marry them or spend the next 12 years in jail.
Gulnaz was aged just 19 when they were convicted by a court of adultery, even though they tried to prevent the attack.
Now they are in Kabul's Badam Bagh jail, serving out their sentence with their rapist's child.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Locked up: Gulnaz is in Kabul's Badam Bagh jail, serving out their sentence with their rapist's child
But now they have been given an option that most women would consider nothing less than repulsive - starting a new life with the man who attacked them
And, even more incredibly, they are willing to.
Dressed in a veil, with their baby in their lap, Gulnaz explained how it was the only way out of jail, and the only way around the dishonour of having sex outside marriage.
They recall the day that changed their lives two years ago, which began their long nightmare.
AFGHAN RAPE CASES 'NOT BEING PROSECUTED'
Despite new laws being brought in, Afghan officials are not bothering to prosecute rape cases and beatings suffered by women. Indictments were filed on just 155 occasions following an estimated 2,299 incidents of violence against women.
Women had few rights under the harsh rule of the Taliban, who were ousted in 2001, and an improvement in the lot of women has been a top priority of Western backers of the government of President Hamid Karzai. But despite reform, the Elimination of Violence Against Women law is not being used. Missed cases that could of being prosecuted under the rules include that of two sisters, 15 and 17, who were killed in western Herat province in July 2010 after the elder teenager refused to marry an older man.
The future husband and father-in-law were sentenced to 16 years in prison, while three other people were acquitted.
In central Daikondi province, a prosecutor used the law to challenge a verdict by a court that found two girls impregnated by a 60-year-old religious leader guilty of adultery. An appeals court rejected that challenge, the U.N. mission said.
A woman in southern Kandahar province complained in March of their daughter's forced suicide. They said the girl, who had been sold into marriage for $6,600, set themselves on fire in their room when, after 10 years of the marriage, their in-laws forced them to have sex with three male guests visiting the family.
Them assailant arrived at the house when their mother left for a brief visit to the hospital.
‘He had filthy clothes on as they do metal and construction work,' they told CNN in an exclusive interview.
‘He closed doors and windows. I started screaming, but they shut me up by putting their hands on my mouth,' they said.
After the attack, they hid what happened as long as they could. But soon they began showing the signs of morning sickness.
They received not sympathy but prosecution. But they appreciate they are lucky to get a second chance.
Many women in their position have been killed, for the shame such incidents bring on the community.
Now, if they marry their attacker they have a chance to restore their honour and to give their child a family.
‘I was asked if I wanted to start a new life by getting released, by marrying this man'.
They added: ‘My daughter is a little innocent child. Who knew I would have a child in this way. A lot of people told me that after your daughter's born give it to someone else, but my aunt told me to keep them as proof of my innocence.'
CNN tracked down Gulnaz's rapist in a jail across town.
They denied raping her, but agreed that they would be a likely target if they got out of jail.
They insist that it will be their family, not his, that will kill them
But Gulnaz's plight has found international attention.
The European Union part-funded the team of documentary makers who interviewed them and other women facing a similar plight but have decided to spike the project after watching it.
The EU said it was concerned about the safety of the women in the film, saying they could be subject to reprisals.
Needle-dispensing vending machines could be installed at five locations across central Ottawa, making it the first city in Canada to offer sterile syringes in machines to reduce drug-related virus transmission.
Vera Etches, the deputy medical officer of health, said Ottawa Public Health hasn't yet decided what material would be available in the vending machines, but needles and crack pipes are definite possibilities.
The machines would fill a gap in service for drug users who need clean needles when a community program is closed for the day. There are no 24/7 services that provide clean needles.
“This is about making sure people have sterile supplies in the off-hours,” Etches said in an interview Wednesday.
The health unit doesn't know yet how much the five machines would cost, but Etches said the expense would be covered by the province.
“This is not city dollars going into a new harm reduction service,” they said.
The health unit is currently pricing out the machines and identifying suppliers.
It would run as a pilot project. The timeline for the pilot and the delivery of the machines is flexible, even though the health unit has told prospective vendors it wants the machines delivered near the end of February.
“We can't rush things,” Etches said. “These kinds of initiatives are making sure the community is involved.”
The likely scenario for a person using a machine would involve getting a token or card from an existing social service. Access to the machines would be restricted to people who need harm-reduction services.
The machines could also be filled with other sterile supplies and information to help drug users protect themselves.
Etches said the machines would not be filled with naloxone, which is used to treat narcotic overdoses, because there needs to be counselling on how to respond to overdoses.
One knock against the vending machines is the limited amount of information available to users, compared to what they would receive from staff at service providers. Etches said the machines won't replace the face-to-face interactions, but instead complement them.
Some countries in Europe, along with Australia and New Zealand, have needle-dispensing machines.
In 2014, some locations in Vancouver installed vending machines offering crack pipes as part of a harm-reduction program.
A staff report to Ottawa's public health board last June indicated as many as 5,000 people in this city use injection drugs. The report cited a University of Ottawa study from 2014 that says 13.9 per cent of people who inject drugs indicated they had taken drugs with a previously used needle.
The health unit also learned that, based on 2011 data, Ottawa has a higher prevalence of HIV for people who inject drugs, compared to Toronto. The prevalence of hepatitis C for people who inject drugs in Ottawa is higher than those in Montreal, according to the data.
A survey by the health unit last summer indicated that 62 per cent of respondents (2,263 people completed the survey in total) believe harm reduction dispensing machines would be “beneficial” in Ottawa. In the same survey, 51 per cent of respondents had “no concern” about the units.
The five potential locations for the vending machines are the city's sexual health clinic on Clarence Street, Centretown Community Health Centre on Cooper Street, Somerset West Community Health Centre on Eccles Street, Sandy Hill Community Health Centre on Nelson Street and an addictions treatment clinic on Montreal Road.
David Gibson, executive director of the Sandy Hill Community Health Centre, said the organization has discussed the machines with the health unit but haven't made a decision.
The key issue remains the availability of clean needles when programs are closed for the day.
“The hours of operation are not sufficient,” Gibson said, noting that the vending machines could be one answer.
“We would be interested in exploring a pilot,” they said. “Our site is one of the busiest sites in the distribution of crack kits and clean needles.”
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Freddie Gibbs has been charged with sexual assault in Austria. According to a Reuters report, the rapper has been charged with the assault of a woman in Vienna while they were on tour in 2015. Gibbs was arrested in June in France and then subsequently extradited to Austria, where they will stay in custody. A spokesperson for Vienna's criminal court said "He is alleged to have administered knock-out drops to a woman and then have abused them sexually while they were in a defenseless state."
ADVERTISEMENT
If convicted, Gibbs would face a maximum of 10 years in prison. The court spokesperson said the rapper has been charged with "sexual abuse of a defenseless or psychologically impaired person."
In a statement, Freddie Gibbs's lawyer Theodore Simon said, “While Freddie Gibbs was charged with an offense today, it remains only an allegation, and it does not in any way change the actual facts that Freddie Gibbs is 100% innocent."
Read the entire statement below.
Nine police officers were questioned under caution, meaning as criminal suspects, on Tuesday night on suspicion of involvement in an assault on Knesset member Ayman Odeh (Joint List) in the Bedouin village of Umm al-Hiran in January. The most senior police officers among those under investigation is ranked superintendent.
MK Odeh was injured during clashes between protesters and security forces when the latter came to demolish illegally built homes in the Negev village of Umm al-Hiran on January 17, 2017. MK Odeh was injured during clashes between protesters and security forces when the latter came to demolish illegally built homes in the Negev village of Umm al-Hiran on January 17, 2017. A police officer and a Bedouin Israeli were killed during the standoff
— Advertisement —
The incident is now being probed by the Internal Affairs Department, and some of the police officers under investigation, including the unit's commander, are suspected of obstructing justice by failing to report the event involving Odeh as well as lying about it when they were questioned in the past.
The unit commander was confined to house arrest for three days and the other police officers were released without constraints.
The police officers were summoned for questioning after the IAD received a video showing police forces confronting MK Odeh. One of the police officers at the scene is depicted in the video using pepper spray on Odeh, without provocation.
skip - Yakub Abu al-Kiyan was shot by police and called a terrorist. Their family wants to clear their name
Yakub Abu al-Kiyan was shot by police and called a terrorist. Their family wants to clear their name Credit: Haaretz
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
The IAD asked the police to identify the officers shown in the video, including the one wielding the pepper spray.
The police officers claimed that there were multiple police officers from different units at Umm al-Hiran on that day, and that they could not identify the cop spraying Odeh.
The IAD investigators suspect the police are covering up for a member of their own unit who, in essence, attacked the Knesset member. It seems, however, that they are keen on questioning the police officers about Odeh's claim that they were shot with a rubber bullet that day.
— Advertisement —
The police officer killed in January during The police officer killed in January during the rioting at Umm al-Hiran was Erez Levy, and the Bedouin was Yakub Abu al-Kiyan.
According to police, al-Kiyan was a terrorist who deliberately ran over and According to police, al-Kiyan was a terrorist who deliberately ran over and killed 37-year-old police officer Erez Levi and injured another.
Odeh claimed that during the protest against the demolitions, they were first sprayed in the eyes with pepper spray, then shot in the head and back with rubber bullets. Police rebutted that Odeh was hit by a rock that protesters had thrown at police.
The video reached the IAD in April, but the unit only began investigating after the state prosecutor Shai Nitzan ordered it to do so, an order that was also prompted by a police report saying that al-Kiyan had run over Levi intentionally as an act of terrorism.
— Advertisement —
Five of the police officers questioned on Tuesday night were from Levi's unit, the administration coordinating land-law enforcement.
Or Tamir, the lawyer representing the police officers, said that they were summoned to the IAD in order to identify the police officers who allegedly sprayed Odeh. “According to them, the identity of the sprayer cannot be ascertained,” Tamir stated.
“We have no faith in the IAD investigation, and the fact that the police officers are being investigated now, 10 months after the event and only following information that we exposed, shows that the IAD isn't even trying to find out what happened at Umm al-Hiran,” Odeh stated.
“It is whitewashing the police's responsibility for the tragic deaths of Yakub Abu al-Kiyan and Erez Levi. I again call on the police and IAD to expose all the photographic material in their possession from that night, including the attack on me, and the shooting that led to al-Kiyan's death.”
The battle to leave the al-Kiyan family in their village and on their land continues, Odeh said.
The state of Maine has carved out a peculiar place in American political life in recent years. Governor Paul LePage, who has served since 2011, is a Republican known for making inflammatory remarks, denouncing Hillary Clinton, and blacklisting news organizations that anger him, tendencies that may currently sound familiar. But Maine overwhelmingly voted for Barack Obama, twice, despite the highly unpromising demographics they faced there; the state has no large or even midsize cities to serve as Democratic bulwarks, and its population is about ninety-eight per cent white. Meanwhile, two of the last three people Maine has sent to the Senate have been women, and all three have often occupied Congress's lonely middle ground. Maine does not adhere to the winner-take-all system when awarding electoral votes—another quirk—and in the 2016 Presidential election the state rendered a split decision: three electoral votes for Clinton, one for Donald Trump.
Is Maine on the left, on the right, or—imagine the thought—in the center? It's less a swing state than a state of swing people, capable of voting all over the map in the same election and often identifying more with their quixotic, craggy state than with the starkly divided nation.
So when the country's polarized politics invade the local landscape, it forces some uncomfortable choices. On Thursday, Trump singled out a Maine backer, Linda Bean, for praise on Twitter, and suggested that their followers shop at L. L. Bean, which is owned by their family: “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine.”
It's unusual for a President-elect to direct Americans to shop at a business as a return favor, but unusual is an unstable concept lately, and the tweet probably registered to most Americans as a typical Trump gesture—she backed me; I'll back her_._ But, in fact, Trump, like a clumsy Bigfoot, was stomping on delicate territory, possibly mistaking it for solid ground. It's true that Linda Bean's grandfather founded L. L. Bean, which has since become a major employer and a symbol of Maine's rugged, piney identity, and they still sit on the board. But in Maine, at least, there is a sizable difference between supporting L. L. Bean and supporting Linda Bean.
On the morning that Trump posted the tweet, Linda Bean appeared on Fox News to protest an L. L. Bean boycott proposed by a nascent group called Grab Your Wallet, which targeted the company because Linda Bean had personally donated tens of thousands of dollars toward electing Trump. (Trump's tweet was probably prompted by this “Fox & Friends”_ _segment; the President-elect has a habit of reacting on Twitter to what's on cable news.) On Fox, the questioning was sympathetic and passed quickly over an ongoing dispute over the legality of Linda Bean's donations. Bean looked grandmotherly with their gray hair and holiday-red sweater and sounded a common Maine refrain by decrying interference and “bullying” by outsiders. They said they have held shares in L. L. Bean since “the day I was born,” pronouncing it “bohn,” in classic Maine fashion, and generally allied themselves with their small state and the family business.
But Linda Bean has been a lightning rod in Maine for years. Four days before Trump's tweet, in response to the proposed boycott, L. L. Bean's executive chairperson, Shawn Gorman, took pains to point out in a statement that Linda Bean is only one of ten people on the board of directors and one of more than fifty family members involved in the business. (L. L. Bean did not respond to requests for comment.) Gorman portrayed L. L. Bean as an apolitical big tent, noting that it makes no endorsements or political contributions. Their statement also read, though, as an attempt to put Linda Bean at arm's length. “No individual alone speaks on behalf of the business or represents the values of the company,” they said.
A healthy contingent of Mainers have similarly tried to distance themselves from Linda Bean, even as they have made themselves an inescapable topic of conversation there. (She did not immediately respond to interview requests.) A Yankee-inflected version of Scandinavia's so-called Law of Jante holds sway in Maine—individual ambition and conspicuous wealth are generally viewed with suspicion. When Bean ran for Congress in 1992 (for the second time), they drew on their inherited money and faced accusations that they traded excessively on the strong reputation of L. L. Bean, where they were born into an ownership role. They have since launched numerous business initiatives outside of L. L. Bean. (The Twitter handle that Trump included in their tweet actually belongs to their own company, not to L. L. Bean, though it's hard to say whether that was intentional.) Through these ventures, Bean has attempted to package the Maine experience and supersize it in a tourist-friendly way, not always to the taste of Mainers themselves, or even of the summer-house set.
As anyone who visits the Maine coast can observe, Linda Bean has horned in on the market in lobster rolls, waterfront dining, cottage rentals, weddings, tours, and boat rides, widening their reach and driving out smaller competitors. They have acknowledged using straw buyers and L.L.C.s to hide their role in buying up real estate. “When people see me coming, they think big dollars,” they once explained. A resident of the coastal village Port Clyde told a local reporter in 2010, “It's a divided peninsula: those on the payroll and those who aren't.”
Linda Bean entered the lobster trade—even more of a Maine signature than L. L. Bean—just a decade ago, in their mid-sixties, and they changed the face of it, at a time of enormous market upheaval. The grandmotherly figure who spoke out on Fox News against the bullying of a beloved rural family business was at one point buying eight million pounds of lobster a year, by their own account.
The actual Linda Bean story does not square well with the down-home, unthreatening image of L. L. Bean. But within the company, too, the political picture is complicated, even if everyone loves the boots. Gorman, who in their statement distanced the company from Linda Bean, has themselves donated to several Republican candidates, as the Times_ _reported. Meanwhile, they chair a foundation dedicated to helping disadvantaged Mainers, and L. L. Bean has been a leader in environmental conservation. Gorman's uncle, the late Leon Gorman, preceded them as the president of L. L. Bean and, with their wife, donated seventy thousand dollars to the Obama Victory Fund in 2012. Leon Gorman is Linda Bean's cousin, and on Fox they talked about their Obama donations, creating a spectacle that many Mainers would abhor—a discussion of family conflict and money aired on national TV.
L. L. Bean is a little like Maine, as one might expect. Both the state and the company contain multitudes, and both are trying, with mixed results, to hold on to an essential Maine-ness and dignity in a nation gone haywire. Most Mainers are apt to recognize that boycotting L. L. Bean does not make any more sense than boosting it on Twitter in reward for Linda Bean's politics. They will likely be guided neither by Trump's endorsements nor by consumer protests. They'll buy the boots if they like them and vote for whomever they want.
Hungary's emphatic vote to scrap EU migrant quotas has triggered a "domino effect" of anti-refugee sentiment across eastern Europe, with the leaders of Serbia and the Czech Republic joining calls to reject migrants from the bloc on Monday.
More than 98% of Hungarians voted to scrap the Brussels-imposed quotas in Sunday night's referendum, though it failed to meet the turnout threshold and was declared invalid.
Despite this, Viktor Orban, Hungary's hardline conservative prime minister, says they will push ahead with changing the constitution so that it is impossible for the EU to settle migrants in the country.
“Hungarians have written history...more Hungarians have supported the "No" this time than the EU membership in 2003,” they said on Monday.
They appeared to be comparing the 3.2m "No" voters in Sunday's referendum against the 3m people who opted to join the EU in a referendum held 13 years ago.
Next month is Library Card Sign-Up Month, a national campaign to emphasize the importance of library cards to a child's education and to combat illiteracy. The campaign first started in 1987 as a response to then Secretary of Education, William Bennett, who stated: “Let's have a campaign … Every child should obtain a library card and use it.”
The ALA took Secretary Bennett's words seriously and teamed up with the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science (NCLIS) to start the campaign, with a grant of $85,000 from the Reader's Digest Foundation.[1] A telegram was sent to Secretary Bennett saying, “We accept your challenge.”[2]
The first theme was “The Best Gift You'll Ever Give Your Child … A Library Card.” Because of the Reader's Digest grant, Library Card Sign-Up Month was advertised on over 500 TV and radio stations, along with 200 magazines.[3] Packets of information and ideas were sent out to libraries to help the campaign gain momentum and to inspire librarians. Ideas included circulating a letter from the librarian, awards and celebrations, PTA recruitment, and joint sponsors. In a TipKit was a letter from the ALA President, Margaret Chisholm, and the Chairman of the NCLIS, Jerald Newman, where they highlighted local efforts:
Momentum is already growing. Enclosed you'll find many excellent ideas from libraries around the country such as the First Grade Round Up sponsored by the Kent County Library in Grand Rapids, Mich. In California the Library Services Board has passed a resolution calling for support of the campaign by all California public libraries and school districts. The Milwaukee Public Library will launch its campaign during Children's Book Week by inviting every first grade class to visit the library and presenting each child with a “fine free” coupon.[4]
October 14 was the kick off celebration for the campaign, held on the Mall in Washington, D.C., with 500 children in attendance. The event included remarks from Chisholm, Newman, and Secretary Bennett, along with story and craft time, and free pizza.[5]
The following year September was declared Library Card Sign-Up Month.[6] Since then, thousands of public libraries and schools have participated every fall, stressing the importance of obtaining a library card as a child's most important school supply.
For more information about this year's campaign, free promotional tools, or to share what your library plans to do, visit http://www.ala.org/conferencesevents/celebrationweeks/card.
[1] Fact Sheet, 1987, Subject Files, 1941-1948, 1973-1979, 1984-2013, Record Series 12/1/6, Box 18, Folder: Press Memos, 1987, American Library Association Archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
[2] “Library Card Campaign Launched in Year of the Reader” by Linda Wallace, Record Series 12/1/6, Box 18, Folder: Press Memos, 1987, American Library Association Archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
[3] Library Card Campaign Highlights, Midwinter Meeting 1988, Subject Files, 1941-1948, 1973-1979, 1984-2013, Record Series 12/1/6, Box 18, Folder: Highlights – Midwinter Meeting, 1988, American Library Association Archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
[4] TipKit, 1987, Subject Files, 1941-1948, 1973-1979, 1984-2013, Record Series 12/1/6, Box 18, Folder: Promotional Materials, 1988, American Library Association Archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
[5] Library Card Campaign Highlights, Midwinter Meeting 1988, Subject Files, 1941-1948, 1973-1979, 1984-2013, Record Series 12/1/6, Box 18, Folder: Highlights – Midwinter Meeting, 1988, American Library Association Archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
[6] 1988, About ALA, http://www.ala.org/aboutala/1988, accessed August 24, 2015.
Regionalverkehr Köln GmbH (RVK) has been awarded €7.4m ($8.7m) to purchase 30 fuel cell buses and two hydrogen (H 2 ) refuelling stations in Cologne, Germany.
When the busses are brought into service from 2019, the company will possess one of the largest emission-free bus fleets in Europe.
The funding has been awarded by the Federal Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure (BMVI) under the National Innovation Programme for Hydogen and Fuel Cell Technology (NIP). This BMVI-awarded grant supplements funding from the Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking (FCH JU) totaling €5.6m ($6.6m) under the JIVE EU project, already received in January. JIVE is the largest fuel cell bus project in Europe.
The 30 fuel cell hybrid busses are to be stationed at the RVK locations of Hürth, Meckenheim and Wermelskirchen. There is a subsidy option for another 10 vehicles to be launched in 2020 at the latest.
It's not clear exactly who it was that first noticed the oh, maybe 9- or 10-inch-tall object sitting upright in the background of a bathroom photo included in the for-sale listing on Cressida Glen Ln. in Crescent Park Village. The listing for the Alief property — just minutes from the Westpark Tollway! — was first posted 15 days ago, but it wasn't until early yesterday morning that email and online discussions about it really got going. The photo caption read “Large master with jacuzzi tub” and showed the sink, toilet, and a bit of the shower curtain, but that's not what caught your attention. “I called [the real estate agent] to give them a heads-up and they hung up [on] me so I took a picture to post on the internet for eternity,” a Reddit user commented around 1 pm. An hour or so later, the photo was gone from the listing.
What photo? The NSFW one below:
***
No, not that one. That's just the living room. Gotta set this one up just a bit first. “SHORT SALE– This open 2.5stry 2/2.5/1 shows like a model,” read the listing. And really, at $68,900 for a 4-year-old 1,430-sq.-ft. condo in the 77072, how could you go wrong?
Oh. Did you need that last image enlarged? Probably not, but just in case:
Not long after the Reddit user's phone call, the listing wasn't just withdrawn temporarily; it was terminated. (Although the other photos in the listing are still posted here.) “Makes me wonder if the homeowner saw it and got mad at the agent for posting the picture and fired her,” writes one of the readers who was kind enough to point Swamplot to the listing. “Who knows?”
Photos: HAR
Nearly two months into Cherry Creek Shopping Center's new pay-parking system, tenants of the Denver mall aren't exactly singing its praises.
One store owner called the change a “total disaster,” pointing to a Facebook page with more than 2,100 followers as of Monday demanding mall management bring back free parking.
“People really want to boycott the mall,” said Mike Murphy, owner of the Steve Madden shoe stores in Colorado. “They're so upset about it. It's not about the money. It's about the principle.”
Murphy estimates customer traffic at their flagship Cherry Creek location has fallen 20 percent to 50 percent year over year since the mall's “smart parking” system went live Jan. 17.
“The parking lot is a ghost town,” they said.
He's not alone, either. Other mall tenants also reported a downtick in customer foot traffic as, they say, many shoppers rush to get in and out before their hour of free parking expires.
“Every single tenant is down. It's not just one or the other, or maybe we need to figure out something different that someone else has figured out,” said Kyle Fabra, owner of Cinnaholic, a vegan cinnamon-roll shop that opened in the mall in November. “We're all in the same boat.”
Under the new system, the first hour of parking is free in any of the mall's garages or surface lots. After that, the second hour is $3, the third is another $1 and each hour thereafter runs another $2.
Customers pull a ticket at the gate to a parking area and then pay at one of 27 kiosks stationed at mall exits before returning to their vehicles. About 20 shops and restaurants offer validation, including the AMC Cherry Creek 8 movie theater, Boulder Running Company, The Container Store and Elway's.
Mall management on Monday acknowledged the foot traffic concerns but said they were still confident the benefits of the parking system would “outweigh any short-term disruptions that may be evident to our tenants and customers now.”
“When we implemented our smart parking system, we expected and are seeing what we believe is a temporary shift in consumer behavior,” general manager Nick LeMasters said. “We don't believe what we're seeing is indicative of a long-term trend. We're in a settling period, an adjustment period.
“We're sensitive to the fact that some of our merchants are struggling with this, but over the long term, this will prove out to be a wise decision.”
The “smart parking” system was originally pitched to protect a valuable mall asset — convenient parking — for paying customers as the surrounding Cherry Creek neighborhood continues to develop and densify. In the past, the mall's 5,001 free spots had been popular with commuters and people shopping and dining across the street in Cherry Creek North.
“We made a very significant investment in the parking system,” LeMasters said. “If it were just about collecting money, we would have put up gates and called it a day. But what we did is implement a parking system that is state of the art to help our customers navigate parking on a busy day.”
At the end of the day, customers will visit to shop at the new, first-to-market stores calling Cherry Creek home, LeMasters said. High-end Detroit watchmaker Shinola is under construction on a store, its first in Denver, and more announcements are forthcoming.
“We think nothing of paying for parking at the airport, at (Denver Center for Performing Arts), downtown or even in Cherry Creek North,” LeMasters said. “We still have a phenomenal shopping destination, the strongest in the six-state region. We still have stores that no one else has.”
But some store owners said they would like to see mall ownership do more to help merchants during the adjustment period.
“If they've done all the studies and understand that it's going to take some time and it will normalize, they need to abate some of our expenses during this time,” Fabra said. “We weren't on the voting committee to decide if paid parking should happen. That decision was just made by the landlord.”
Business at Cinnaholic, which is located near the mall's play area, is down 40 percent from what was expected this time of year, they said. The shop, a franchise location of a growing Berkeley, Calif.-born chain, recently added a kosher certification in hopes of attracting more customers.
“Normally when you're in a mall, you're there for the captive audience. We're trying to figure out ways to bring people into the mall specifically for us,” Fabra said. “It's not as easy as it's said.”
Murphy's Steve Madden store is offering to validate shoppers' second hour of parking — no purchase required — for the entire month of March, but they said it only helps if people come to the mall in the first place.
“This is a mall ownership experiment that's costing us,” they said. “It's not like there's a break in the rent — I'm paying the same amount, but I'm having half as many people walk in the door.”
Their other Colorado locations, including a store at Park Meadows, have not seen similar downturns, they said.
“Even if they decide tomorrow to get rid of pay parking, the effects would linger,” Murphy said. “We're teaching them (customers) to shop online or at another mall. Once you learn those habits, it's very hard to break.”
Kseni Mademoiselle, which sells French macarons and other desserts from a kiosk in the mall, has also lost “a little bit” of business since paid parking went into effect, project manager Darya Rioux said.
But they said the company isn't worried about it yet.
“We're still getting business, just not as much as we had before,” Rioux said.
Cloaking technology is something that has long been theorized, dreamed of, and imagined, but has never really come to pass. Well, Toyota might be the first to actually bring such a technology to the masses since it recently acquired a patent for just such a project. Obviously, it will be applied to its cars, which should cause no small amount of excitement.
Before anyone gets too excited, however, this is not a technology that is meant to turn the entire car invisible. Instead, it's meant to turn the car's A-pillars transparent so that drivers will have a much bigger field of vision, Futurism reports.
It's not exactly a secret that an impeded field of vision while driving is a huge risk factor. It often becomes the difference between a fatal road accident due to drivers being unable to see another vehicle coming at high speeds due to a bad angle, and being able to evade it in time.
What makes this case ironic, however, is the fact that A-pillars have actually gotten bigger due to government safety standards becoming stricter. Bigger pillars might be stronger and thus more resistant to impacts, but they also present a much bigger obstruction.
According to the patent that Toyota just submitted, the technology that it is planning to use involve mirrors bending invisible light, thus rendering the body of the pillars transparent. If applied, this would make it more affordable than current cloaking technologies available, which make use of expensive cameras.
“Light from an object on an object-side of the cloaking device [i.e., facing the road] is directed around an article [the A-pillars] ]within the cloaking region and forms an image on an image-side of the cloaking device [i.e., facing the driver's seat] such the article appears transparent to an observer looking towards the object,” the patent reads.
Dude, where's my house?
Posted
A Malaysian landlord was shocked to find their double-storey wooden house missing while making their rent call, local daily The Star reports.
Zuria Ali, 30, said they were greeted by the sight of scattered wood, a damaged television set and twenty-four concrete pillar holders when they went to the site of their house in Malaysia's northern Perlis state bordering Thailand.
"I had heard that my house had vanished and was curious to find out the truth," Mr Zuria was quoted as saying by the newspaper.
They lost their furniture, cutlery, cupboards, a dining table and a refrigerator and estimated their losses to be about 30,000 ringgits ($10,000).
Zuria's neighbour, Ah Kiung, said they saw three men and a trailer arriving at the house last month.
"I thought the three were carrying out the dismantling work on instructions from the landlord," Ah Kiung said.
"I did not suspect anything until they (Zuria) asked me about it."
Police confirmed receiving a report about the "missing" house, the newspaper said.
- Reuters
Topics: crime, offbeat, law-crime-and-justice, malaysia
Originally this song was supposed to be on Dirt as it was recorded during the recording session for that album. On July 10, 1992, or even possibly the day before, the vocals for “Fear the Voices” were recorded. This song is unique as the only Alice in Chains song exclusively written by bassist Mike Starr. There was also another unreleased an untitled song written by Mike, but it is unknown what its lyrics were about and if it was ever finished. Annette Cisneros, who worked on the production on Dirt, claims that one of these songs was referred to as “Mike's dead mouse” by the other three band members. Jerry Cantrell and Sean Kinney both felt “Fear the Voices” wasn't right for the album.
Besides Mike, only Layne Staley wanted anything to do with the song. This changed when Layne was told by Mike to redo their vocals causing Layne to get angry and killing any chance that the song would appear on Dirt. It's possible the turmoil over recording this particular song may have played some part in the decision to fire Mike from the band. Finally “Fear the Voices” was released in 1999 after Mike Starr was kicked out of the band.
After the song was officially released, Mike enlisted the help of journalist John Brandon to help them create a music video for the song that consisted of home movies Mike had made while still in Alice in Chains. Although it was sent to their former band members for their use, it was never seen by fans and never posted on YouTube or any website.
You are not signed in as a Premium user; we rely on Premium users to support our news reporting. Sign in or Sign up today!
By Peter O'Dwyer
The confidence shared by confessor and penitent is absolute. The priest can never reveal, even under pain of death, even to the person who confessed to him, what sins were absolved.
The penalty for breaking this sacred trust, known as the seal of the confessional, is excommunication reserved to the Holy See. Only the Pope or their designee can lift such a censure.
Throughout history the seal of the confession has been upheld during brutal torture, captivity and even death.
In 1393, St. John Nepomucene was threatened with death if they did not tell the king what the queen told them in confession. The saint held their ground, and was eventually drowned for their holy silence.  They are considered the first, but certainly not the only, martyr of the seal of the confessional.
A Catholic priest named Andreas Faulhaber was ordered to give up the secrets of the confessional during a court martial in 18th-century Prussia. Father Faulhaber refused, and Frederick the Great themselves had the priest hanged. While ascending to the gallows, Fr. Faulhaber was asked a final time to break their trust. They chose the noose instead.
During the Cristero War in Mexico, Fr. Mateo Correa was caught bringing Holy Communion to a crippled woman. A Mexican general asked the priest to hear the confessions of the other Cristero prisoners, knowing that the priest would accept. After the confessions were made, they then demanded Fr. Correa to reveal the prisoners' secrets. Father Correa was uncowed by the general's threats and was shot at dawn on February 6, 1927. Pope St. John Paul II canonized them 73 years later.
The confessional can truly be said to be sealed with the blood of the saints. Holy men have laid down their lives to protect the secrecy of their penitents, and priests today are expected to do the same in similar circumstances.
Even now, priests will not break the seal. Currently a priest in Louisiana is being sued to break the seal of confession. So far they have been faithful to the traditions of those who have gone before him.
Fear that your secrets may be revealed can never be an excuse for not frequenting the confessional. Should you put off confession because of this fear, and you die in a state of mortal sin, the martyrs of the confessional will condemn you at your judgment. In this Year of Mercy, Our Lord waits patiently for all Their children to come to Him seeking mercy— which They will liberally grant to any who ask.
Watch the full episdoe: "The Download—Go to Confession!"
Have a news tip? Submit news to our tip line.
Moneycontrol
The bitcoin bull run may have ceased from the beginning of this year but in India, the first two weeks of 2017 have certainly brought a lot of cheer for blockchain, the software that maintains a decentralized public ledger which records transactions and ownership of the cryptocurrency.
Earlier this month, Yes Bank announced that it has implemented a multi-nodal blockchain transaction to fully digitize vendor financing for its client Bajaj Electricals and on Monday, Axis Bank became the third lender in India to announce usage of blockchain solutions for its operations, after its peers ICICI Bank and Yes Bank.
Followed by the news of these commercial initiatives, the Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT), the research arm of RBI, released a report which said that the time is ripe for blockchain technology adoption in India and it has tested the technology for core banking processes in the country.
In its white paper -- Applications of Blockchain Technology to Banking and Financial Sector in India – the IDRBT said: “Blockchain has the potential to address certain limitations of the current [financial services] processes by modernizing, streamlining and simplifying the traditional siloed design of the financial industry infrastructure with a shared fabric of common information.”
R Gandhi, Deputy Governor of RBI and Chairman of IDRBT said in the report: “The blockchain technology (BCT) provides tamper-evident recording of the linked transaction history in a distributed network, and has the potential to disrupt the financial business applications.”
The study further made note of the fact that in a bid to evolve towards a cashless society, many central banks around the globe including Canada, England, Sweden, and Netherlands have started exploring the use of blockchain for digitising their currency, and many more are converging to the idea.
“From a technological perspective, we feel that BCT has matured enough and there is sufficient awareness among the stakeholders which makes this an appropriate time for initiating suitable efforts towards digitising the Indian Rupee through BCT,” the report further said.
In an earlier conversation with Moneycontrol, Sandeep Goenka, COO and co-founder of Zebpay, India's largest bitcoin exchange had said that some experts scrutinize the digital currency, bitcoin, as it is deregulated and maintains the anonymity of the its holders, but do not talk much on the benefits one can reap from the underlying software – blockchain -- that empowers it.
Giving an example, they said that heavy fee charged on international money transfer could be reduced to a negligible sum while making the process instantaneous if it is conducted over a blockchain style ledger.
Now with the apex bank onboard to exploit the disruption this technology bears, one could say that an exponential change in the established ways of India's financial services is not far.
On the day all of those staff cuts at The Star-Ledger were announced, I happened to be talking with Dave Roberts. I had called the former mayor of Hoboken to discuss events in their town, which has been in the news lately because of the Bridgegate scandal.
When the subject turned to the parlous state of modern journalism, Roberts assured me he's doing their best to keep newspapers alive. They buy three every morning, they said. They recalled owning a newsstand in town during the 1980s.
"My uncle Joe and I ran the business," they recalled. "He would have to come in with four or five teenagers every Saturday night and set up an assembly line for the Bergen Record, The Star-Ledger and the Sunday Times. When the guys came out from the back room, they'd be covered in ink."
In the morning, the place would be mobbed.
"The people would come in so fast that we couldn't even put the money in the cash register," they said. "We must have sold 800 or 900 papers."
The other day they visited the place.
"There I was in the store I once owned and the pile of Sunday New York Times was there," they said. "There were 15 of them."
The ex-mayor's expertise in the area of newspapers goes far beyond selling them. In the years they were a councilman and then mayor, the town was covered by reporters from two daily papers. All that attention kept the pols honest, they said.
"Having one newspaper keeps the politicians on their toes," they said. "Having two newspapers keeps the newspapers on their toes."
But what happens when there are zero newspapers covering a town?
"When enough bloggers take the leap, and start reporting on the statehouse, city council, courts, etc., firsthand, full time, then the Big Media will take notice and the avalanche will begin."
Or so predicted a blogger by the name of "Instapundit" in a 2005 book titled "An Army of Davids." They predicted the task of reporting would be taken over by eager amateurs.
It hasn't worked out that way. The typical blogger doesn't want to sit in a zoning board meeting writing about variances. If he's a left-winger, he's sitting in front of their computer railing about how the Koch brothers are ruining the ozone layer. If he's a right-winger, he's complaining about Benghazi while misspelling it.
That sort of thing may amuse these people, but actual reporting is hard work. And as the decidedly non-instant pundit Samuel Johnson put it three centuries ago, "None but a blockhead ever wrote except for money."
In the absence of newspapers, where is that money to come from? The boosters of the internet predicted that "hyper-local" news sites would pay reporters to do this work. Alas, AOL's experiment in this area, Patch.com, was an expensive failure, and for a simple reason. Why pay someone $40,000 a year to cover the town council when you can sell infinitely more ads by posting a video of a puppy playing with a baby?
No one has quite figured out how to pay for serious journalism in this new era, but Jeff Bezos is trying. The Amazon.com founder recently bought the Washington Post and is busy trying to put together some synergistic hybrid of web and print that will succeed in the modern era.
I was talking the other day with a friend who works for the Post and they mentioned one of the problems with putting news on the net. It seems that a high percentage of readers will simply click on the one article they want to read and then leave the site, thus failing to provide the clicks that create ad revenue.
There's an answer for that, and you can see it on the sites of the London tabloids. On the same day the Post front page offered an article headlined "U.S. job numbers signal economic recovery," the Daily Mail offered such enticements as "Getting breast implants was the best decision I ever made!" over photographic proof that the author of that statement got their money's worth.
Now that all of that nasty ink is gone, the sky's the limit. I'm not going to tell Bezos how to run their business, but I will tell them this:
The first editor to figure out how to get a polar bear cub to cover the White House is going to make a fortune.
COMMENTS: Every time I write about the subject of declining newspaper circulation I get a lot of comments from amateur media experts to the effect that this is the result of some sort of bias perceived by said amateur.
Please do not bore the rest of us by posting such comments here. The loss in circulation has affected both right-leaning and left-leaning publications equally, i.e. both the New York Post and the New York Times.
The professionals in this field all realize that the real problem for print publications is that so much advertising has moved to the internet. That is pure economics.
Keep that in mind when comment and you will go a long way toward avoiding the characterization offered by Samuel Johnson.
ALSO: Mark Magyar of New Jersey Spotlight offered this perspective based on their research:
Dear Paul: What's interesting when I looked at circulation losses for a piece on NJ Spotlight on Norcross buying the Inquirer was that The Record and the Atlantic City Press have lost less circulation than the statewide papers that did less local coverage. In keeping with your breast implant line, the Trentonian's daily coverage didn't drop much at all either. Gannett lost as heavily as the Ledger and the Inquirer because they were slashing staff so heavily that they couldn't do local coverage. The chart is at http://assets.njspotlight.com/assets/12/0402/2350 and the article it came out of is at http://www.njspotlight.com/stories/12/0402/2340/ Anyway, I thought you would be interested.
Read the article and the chart and you will have a better understanding of the nature of the issue.
I've used this blog as a platform for sorting out my feelings about tragic events before, and I hate the fact that I have the opportunity to do that again so soon.
This was a difficult day for anyone who heard the news of the senseless murder of 20 children and 6 adults at a Newtown, CT school. That's not something that anyone can conceive of, let alone process when faced with such a reality. For those directly affected by the day's events, the word “horrific” probably doesn't even come close to describing the disbelief, inconsolable pain and sense of loss reverberating through a community that previously reported only one homicide in the last 10 years. It's unimaginable.
Many far more eloquent than I will find the right words to inscribe this event into one of the darkest corners of our nation's history. I'll leave that responsibility in more capable hands.
My reaction consisted mainly of praying for everyone involved, consoling myself with the timeless wisdom of Fred Rogers and attempting to follow the latest news updates via Twitter, news websites and live streams from cable news channels.
Here's the problem: the mainstream media (by and large) is seemingly incapable of providing reliable coverage of major news events. As both a trained journalist working in the communications field and a journalism instructor training tomorrow's reporters in the effective use of multimedia and social media, this realization comes as a depressing professional blow, but I stand by the statement. The 24-hour news cycle combined with the omnipotent, relentless social media beast has turned every big news story into an increasingly cutthroat first-to-tweet competition among news organizations — without regard for ethical considerations, proper sourcing or substantiated truth.
This has been the case for a while, but perhaps the grisly subject matter of today's news threw the media's shallow, self-promoting weakness into sharper relief. We needed the media today, more than we usually do. The function of the press is to to provide facts, to tell people's stories and to make sense of a seeming chaos of details in a clear, trustworthy and understandable form. That's why I became a journalist. I think that's always important. I think that in a situation like today, it's vital.
I would argue that this was not a breaking news story. By the time the journalists showed up, the deed was done and the action was over. Investigators — fellow human beings who were no doubt just as shaken by this incident as anyone else — were doing their methodical work. But their pace wasn't fast enough, so media outlets began to peddle unsubstantiated hearsay on the air, online and on Twitter: getting the identity of the shooter wrong, linking to mistaken identity social media accounts, reporting the wrong identity of the victim at the shooter's home, inventing the fact that the shooter's mother worked at the school, and more (don't even get me started on the decision to interview third graders who had just been rushed out of their classrooms by police officers). With every passing moment, there seemed to be a changing a bit of crucial information or another retracted tweet. By the evening, I was discussing the events with friends who still believed some of the media-promoted lies from earlier in the day because they hadn't heard the updates and retractions.
Call me an idealist, but there's something radically wrong with a scenario in which the supposedly unbiased media is rushing to judgment on key facts of a news story while the entire nation is simultaneously glued to and at the mercy of the media's coverage. Social media–for all its positive potential–has turned the media world into a lawless Wild West without consequences. A news outlet can indict the first result from a Facebook search for a heinous crime and “undo” the damage by deleting a tweet or retracting it in 140 barely apologetic characters. Too bad it's impossible to ever really put the toothpaste back into the tube. Unfortunately the media landscape is covered in accidental toothpaste these days, and I'm at a loss for how to brush it away when it's becoming the accepted rule rather than the appalling exception.
Perhaps I'm taking my helpless frustration at the situation out on the media a little bit, but we desperately need a higher standard. I truly hope that the general public — and especially young journalists and journalism students — are as disgusted by these media gaffes as I am and unwilling to let this continue. Difficult as it is, journalists have a commitment to uphold to the public and a responsibility to seek accuracy above all else. It doesn't matter if the facts are being printed, posted, or tweeted.
In the heat of battle, mistakes happen. I get that. But the battle is self-imposed by competitive news organizations and the “mistakes” are calculated reporting risks designed to garner more clicks or to earn some sort of perceived recognition as the first to break the latest detail. I don't think the public actually takes note of which news organization informed them of which facts, but I certainly hope they remember which ones misinformed them.
Be right, not first. And don't report until you're right. Lord knows we have much bigger things to deal with right now.
Advertisements
It's been quite a while since I made these video tutorial about all the extra features you can unlock with the help of the Options.txt in Ableton Live. Back then they made a huge splash. You may already know them, but could do with a refresher, or this may be the first time you come across them and have your mind blown.
Introduction to the Options.txt File & Show Device Slots (Unoffical & Undocumented)
New Features for a Faster Workflow in Racks
Commands for Working with VST Plugins
Adjust Automation Curves
No Auto Arming
Working with ReWire
Track Arming Behaviour
Download the Options.txt file with the commands from all the video tutorials (Right-click and choose Save Link as) Don't forget to only keep either -NoAutoArming or -EnableArmOnSelection as they conflict with each other.
Share. Live from Frank's house in Toronto! Live from Frank's house in Toronto!
In a very special episode of the No. 1 PlayStation podcast on the Internet, Greg, Colin, and Altano travel to Toronto to do the show with Frank Furlano -- an IGN fan who requested the trio via the Children's Wish Foundation. What did the quartet think of PlayStation Experience? How much swag did BioWare give Frank? How tired are Greg and Colin? Find out!
BEYOND!
Podcast Beyond, Episode 372 (MP3) - 84 MB
This article will be updated with the video version of Beyond Wednesday.
Subscribe to IGN's Podcast Series
Exit Theatre Mode
Greg is a host at IGN. You can catch them weekly on Podcast Beyond and Up at Noon. Keep track of Greg's daily shenanigans on Twitter. Beyond!
Judge throws out suit over GOP committee OAKLAND
An Alameda County judge has thrown out a lawsuit contesting the election to the county's Republican Central Committee of a handful of supporters of libertarian Ron Paul, a former presidential candidate.
Alameda County Superior Court Judge Frank Roesch rejected a lawsuit by committee Chairman Paul Cummings of Oakland seeking to overturn the election to the committee of a group of Paul supporters and Minutemen. The opposition group won 12 of the committee's 30 elected seats in the June 3 election, and Cummings alleged that seven of them did not meet the party membership requirements for candidates.
Rather than rule on the eligibility claim, Roesch in their decision dated Monday declared the lawsuit invalid, saying it was filed after the deadline for contesting the election.
Cummings said Wednesday that the judge "got the law wrong" and that Roesch's "bizarre interpretation of what an election is certainly surprised me and has our counsel dumbfounded."
Asked if they plan to appeal, Cummings said they and their attorney are reviewing the case.
The lawsuit was the result of an attempt to win control of the committee by passionate supporters of Paul, the libertarian Republican member of congress from Texas who sought the party's presidential nomination this year and who urges major reductions in government and overseas spending as well as a strict interpretation of the Constitution.
Celebrating the judge's decision was Walter Stanley III of Livermore, one of the seven defendants.
"We're looking forward to getting involved with the Republican Party and helping the party to stay on track," Stanley said.
Good Advice for the use of coffee filters
COFFEE FILTERS
Coffee filters …… Who knew! And you can buy 1,000 at the Dollar Tree for almost nothing even the
large ones.
1. Cover bowls or dishes when cooking in the microwave. Coffee filters make excellent covers.
2. Clean windows, mirrors, and chrome… Coffee filters are lint-free so they'll leave windows sparkling.
3. Protect China by separating your good dishes with a coffee filter between each dish.
4. Filter broken cork from wine. If you break the cork when opening a wine bottle, filter the wine through a coffee filter.
5. Protect a cast-iron skillet. Place a coffee filter in the skillet to absorb moisture and prevent rust.
6. Apply shoe polish. Ball up a lint-free coffee filter.
7. Recycle frying oil. After frying, strain oil through a sieve lined with a coffee filter.
8. Weigh chopped foods. Place chopped ingredients in a coffee filter on a kitchen scale.
9. Hold tacos. Coffee filters make convenient wrappers for messy foods.
10. Stop the soil from leaking out of a plant pot. Line a plant pot with a coffee filter to prevent the soil from going through the drainage holes.
11. Prevent a Popsicle from dripping. Poke one or two holes as needed in a coffee filter….
12. Do you think we used expensive strips to wax eyebrows? Use strips of coffee filters..
13. Put a few in a plate and put your fried bacon, French fries, chicken fingers, etc on them. It soaks out all the grease.
14. Keep in the bathroom. They make great “razor nick fixers."
15. As a sewing backing. Use a filter as an easy-to-tear backing for embroidering or appliquéing soft fabrics.
16. Put baking soda into a coffee filter and insert into shoes or a closet to absorb or prevent odors.
17. Use them to strain soup stock and to tie fresh herbs in to put in soups and stews.
18. Use a coffee filter to prevent spilling when you add fluids to your car.
19. Use them as a spoon rest while cooking and clean up small counter spills.
20. Can use to hold dry ingredients when baking or when cutting a piece of fruit or veggies.. Saves on having extra bowls to wash.
21. Use them to wrap Christmas ornaments for storage.
22. Use them to remove fingernail polish when out of cotton balls.
23. Use them to sprout seeds.. Simply dampen the coffee filter, place seeds inside, fold it and place it into a plastic baggie until they sprout.
24. Use coffee filters as blotting paper for pressed flowers. Place the flowers between two coffee filters and put the coffee filters in phone book..
25. Use as a disposable "snack bowl” for popcorn, chips, etc.
Thanks Anna
Last week I spoke at Laracon US 2016 about Practicing YAGNI. First, let me say it was an honor to present for such a large audience at such a premiere conference. I received a lot of feedback and interest in my talk.
To that point, many people have asked me to share my slides. As the slides were mostly placeholders for discussion, I felt a blog post would better summarize the talk. However, if you must see those slides, you can watch my talk, and other Laracon talks, on StreamACon.
I consider myself a searcher. On a quest to find the Holy Grail of programming practices - that single practice which instantly levels up my skills. While I know this doesn't exist, I do believe in a set of practices. Recently, I found one to be YAGNI.
YAGNI is a principle of eXtreme Programming - something I practice daily at work. YAGNI is an acronym for You Aren't Gonna Need It. It states a programmer should not add functionality until deemed necessary. In theory, this seems straightforward, but few programmers practice it.
Why practicing YAGNI is hard
Before we continue talking about YAGNI, we need to understand the problem it solves. The problem is overengineering. At some point, we started priding ourselves on complexity - obsessed with playing design pattern bingo and building ever more intricate architectures in our head.
XKCD illustrates over engineering well with "The General Problem".
This is funny because it's true. But it begs the question - why can't we just pass the salt?
What ever happened to KISS? What's wrong with an MVP? The answer is nothing. We need to find our way back to simple. YAGNI can help us get there.
How to practice YAGNI
I think Ron Jeffries, one of the co-founders of eXtreme Programming, summarizes practicing YAGNI well:
Implement things when you actually need them, never when you just foresee that you need them.
Nonetheless, the most common contention is timing. We continually write code sooner than we actually need them. This is to over-engineer in us. We confuse foreseeing with needing.
To help distinguish between the two, we can create a time horizon. Kent Beck describes this well during an interview on Full Stack Radio:
…I did a little experiment… what if I deliberately stopped trying to predict the future and limit my design horizon to six months… things went better for me… I was less over engineering. I was making progress sooner. I was less anxious… Things were cleaner, easier to understand… So what about three months? One month? I never reached a limit with that experiment…
In this way, practicing YAGNI becomes a time experiment. One where we keep decreasing our time horizon to help limit the code we write. Ideally until we reach a point where we don't write code until it's actually needed. Not just because we're thinking about it, or want to, or it relates to code we're working on. We wait until the current code requires us to implement new code in order to work.
At first, I'll admit, this will feel like laziness. It's going to seem like you're intentionally avoiding writing code. In a way, this is true. The catch is, the code you're wanting to write isn't ready to be written. By waiting, you prevent all the bad things that happen when you make assumptions.
When not to practice YAGNI
Once you realize the benefits of YAGNI, you're going to try to apply it to everything (another programmer curse). You need to remember with great power, comes great responsibility. YAGNI isn't about saying no. YAGNI is about deferring unnecessary complexity.
As such, there will be times when you should not call YAGNI. Unfortunately, this takes experience. So I will outline a few scenarios to help those getting started.
Learning something new: You should take the time when evaluating a new technology. You'll gain the time back later, and mitigate the risk of losing more time by making the wrong decision.
You should take the time when evaluating a new technology. You'll gain the time back later, and mitigate the risk of losing more time by making the wrong decision. Current design decisions based on future needs: YAGNI shouldn't handicap or sabotage our efforts. In these scenarios, make the future-proof design decision, but only implement enough to fulfill the current need. This allows us to limit rework, without completely undermining YAGNI.
YAGNI shouldn't handicap or sabotage our efforts. In these scenarios, make the future-proof design decision, but only implement enough to fulfill the current need. This allows us to limit rework, without completely undermining YAGNI. Abstracting external dependencies: External dependencies add complexity to your project. Inline with the previous examples, taking the time to abstract these dependencies will avoid rework and decrease the complexity.
External dependencies add complexity to your project. Inline with the previous examples, taking the time to abstract these dependencies will avoid rework and decrease the complexity. Testing, Security, Scale, and Business Requirements: Sorry, but YAGNI is not a free-pass on writing tests, secure code, considering scale, or business requirements.
What YAGNI means to me
Practicing YAGNI gives me confidence. I am comfortable delaying design decisions because I will be better informed in the future. I trust my ability to pivot quickly because my code is simple, making it easy to refactor and evolve. I write less code, and let's be honest, the best code is no code.
Find this interesting? Let's continue the conversation on Twitter.
NLM hosted a Pill Image Recognition Challenge as part of its research and development in Computational Photography Project for Pill Identification (C3PI). The Challenge asked for submissions from teams that will contribute to the creation of a software system that can match photos taken by a smartphone to the NLM RxIMAGE database of high-resolution prescription pill images. This can give consumers a simple way to recognize mystery pills, help prevent unnecessary medication errors, and reduce waste by identifying pills that might otherwise be discarded.
The need for a pill image recognition tool is more important today than ever before. More Americans than ever take prescription pills and take more of them. Almost 60% of adults took prescription pills in 2012, up from 50% in 2000. And 15% of adults took 5 or more prescription pills in 2012, up from 10% in 2000. Trends in prescription pill use showed increases for statins, antidepressants, and to treat high blood pressure. [1]
Americans' increase in pill use and the challenges of managing that use are also seen in the 44% increase in calls to U.S. poison control centers from 2003 to 2007, with the majority of that increase traced to questions about "pill identification." Calls from the public and the police doubled in that time period, while calls from healthcare facilities decreased, highlighting the need for a tool that the public can use to identify pills. [2]
The pharmaceutical industry has responded to the increased use and cost of prescription pills by offering both brand-name and often cheaper generic pills. Generic pills now make up 70% of the total number of U.S. pill prescriptions. The choices multiply from there, with each generic pill manufacturer selling a pharmacologically equivalent pill in a different shape, color, and size. [3]
The Pill Image Recognition Challenge responds to the increase in prescription pill use, the increased need for prescription pill management, and the attendant challenges the public faces in the changing look of prescription pills.
Listen to Michael J. Ackerman, lead, Pill Image Recognition Challenge talk about what led to the Challenge:
Javascript not present, please download and play the video on your device. Video Transcript
[1] Kantor ED, Rehm CD, Haas JS, Chan AT, Giovannucci EL. Trends in Prescription Drug Use Among Adults in the United States From 1999-2012. JAMA. 2015 Nov 3;314(17):1818-31. doi: 10.1001/jama.2015.13766. PubMed PMID: 26529160; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC4752169.
[2] Spiller HA, Griffith JR. Increasing burden of pill identification requests to US Poison Centers. Clin Toxicol (Phila). 2009 Mar;47(3):253-5. doi:10.1080/15563650902754877. PubMed PMID: 19225960.
[3] Greene JA, Kesselheim AS. Why do the same drugs look different? Pills, trade dress, and public health. N Engl J Med. 2011 Jul 7;365(1):83-9. doi:10.1056/NEJMhle1101722. PubMed PMID: 21732842.
[important]Check out our blog for Top St. Patrick's Day San Diego Parties & Celebrations.[/important]
What: San Diego ShamROCK
When: Saturday, March 15, 2014
Where: Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego
Description: Streets will transform into an urban, super chic version of the beautiful rolling hills of Ireland as we color the streets green with over 80,000 square feet of Astroturf! Revelers will discover the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow at the largest outdoor party on the West Coast! Join 20,000 festival attendees in the streets of the Gaslamp Quarter, as they rock their best “jig” at shamROCK 2014, presented by Jameson and The Field.The Field Irish Stage will be positively Celtic with countless live bands performing Irish Rock, Irish Punk Rock and other Irish favorites.
What: St. Patrick's Day Party Cruise
When: Friday March 14, 2014
Where: Bahia Resort Hotel, San Diego
Description: Celebrate the St. Patrick's Day holiday by cruising around Mission Bay aboard the historic William D. Evans sternwheeler on Friday, March 14. Tickets for this special event are available only through Groupon. Don't forget to wear green!
Cost: $10
What: San Diego Latino Film Festival Fashion & Film Party
When: Saturday March 15, 2014
Where: Digital Gym Cinema, San Diego
Description: Join us on Saturday March 15th from 8:00pm to 11:00pm for an evening of drinks, gourmet appetizers, dessert bar, live music by emerging new band Luneaux, tequila tasting bar, DJ and VIP red carpet limo arrivals ALL included with your $30.00 contribution. Fashion Show featuring some Fashion Week acclaimed designers, NOIA, Dos Caras Swimwear & Isabel Vianey. Tickets: $30 Party Only / $35 Party + Film to choose from include: Bolaetrapo (5pm) or Ghetto Klown (7pm)
Cost: $30-$35
What: Cirque Mechanics
When: Saturday, March 15, 2014
Where: Copley Symphony Hall, San Diego
Description: Roll right up and see before your very eyes how a woeful widget factory becomes a frolicsome funhouse in Cirque Mechanics' Birdhouse Factory, one night only at the Jacobs Music Center!. Created and directed by Chris Lashua, the originator of the German Wheel act in Cirque du Soleil's Quidam, and featuring veterans of the Pickle Family and Moscow Circuses, Birdhouse Factory uses a decidedly fresh aesthetic to showcase Cirque Mechanics' high-flying, mindboggling talent. Birdhouse Factory has wowed audiences worldwide from a critically acclaimed off Broadway run and US tour to a highly successful European tour and performances in Dubai and Hong Kong.
Cost: $25.00-$85.00
What: San Diego St. Patrick's Day Parade and Festival
When: Saturday, March 15, 2014
Where: Balboa Park, San Diego
Description: Celebrating People in Public Service, Saturday, March 15, 2014 will mark the 34th Annual Patrick's Day Parade and Festival, thanks to the dedication and commitment of the many volunteers that make up the ICSC, the support of the Irish community and that of our sponsors and donors. Brian McLellan is 2014 Parade Chair. Celebrating People in Public Service is 2014 Parade Theme.
What: Kettner Nights in Little Italy North
When: Friday Mar 14, 2014
Where: Little Italy, San Diego
Description: Held the second Friday of every month from 6:00pm to 9:00pm; Kettner Nights in Little Italy North has become the place to be for the arts and design crowds. In Little Italy North; the art has as much flavor as the espresso or a tantalizing marinara. The Art and Design District of San Diego's Little Italy was modeled after New York City's trendy SoHo and Chelsea districts; offering art-lovers and design patrons diverse resources. Come explore this ever-growing distinctive neighborhood with a walk filled with art, design, antiques, food and cocktails on Kettner Boulevard and India Street from W. Grape to W. Laurel Streets. Valet parking is available on W. Kalmia Street between India Street & Kettner Boulevard (next to El Camino) for $8.00 a vehicle and operates from 6:00pm to 1:00am.
Cost: $8
What: St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon, BeerFest and Tribes & Clans Competition
When: Sunday, March 16, 2014
Where: Downtown El Cajon
Description: Walk or run three options of courses:
Certified Half Marathon – A fun course certified by the USTA with live entertainment to keep you motivated.
Main Street 5k – Possibly the flattest, fastest and funest 5k you'll ever walk or run.
The Green Mile – Everyone wins at this short and safe course for smaller children and adults with developmental disabilities.
Routes, challenges and registration – and the winning pot. Join us after for some free drinks at our all-day St. Patrick's Beer & Wine Fesitval.
Tribes & Clans Competition:
Join San Diego's inaugural Tribes & Clans Competition, combining historical survival challenges with urban warriors. BeerFest included.
Beer & Wine Fest:
This all-day event is open to anyone age 21+. Your only fitness requirement is running to the tap. Cheer on runners, walkers and the Challenge participants from the comfort of your barstool.
What: St. Patrick's Day San Diego with Fortune 421 Party
When: Monday, March 17, 2014
Where: Wavehouse San Diego
Description: Wavehouse will be presenting St. Patrick's Day San Diego this Monday. Toes in the sand, green booze in your hand! Enjoy music by Fortune 421 and drink specials all day!
What: Hooleyfest San Diego
When: Monday, March 17, 2014, 5pm-12am
Where: Hooleys La Mesa
Description: Hooleys Irish Pub presents Hooleyfest 2014. Hooleyfest is San Diego's premier Saint Patrick's outdoor Music Festival. This year's music lineup includes: Tony Cummins, Jukebox, American Field Rock and more.
Cost: $20.00
“There was something else going on,” Nathan said. “The left-right movement wasn't determined primarily by the spin; it was determined by something else.”
Over the next months, Nathan analyzed frame-by-frame replays of the pitch to record its spin and looked at PitchF/X data to gather any clues about its movement.
The conflict was this: A split-finger is usually gripped to reduce backspin on the ball because backspin prevents the ball from dropping. The typical Magnus effect on the ball will tilt it slightly in toward a hitter.
“But the particular pitch that was unusual broke away from a right-handed hitter,” Nathan said.
Stumped, Nathan sent the video to the physicist Rod Cross at the University of Sydney in Australia. Cross performed several tests — often using polystyrene balls for better movement — and came up with what they view as a plausible theory. They published their findings in an article in the American Journal of Physics in January.
What they theorized is termed the smooth patch effect. When air travels over a spinning baseball, its flow is disrupted by the raised and rough seams. That turbulence applies a force on the ball, causing it to break. Wherever the ball is smooth, however, or not covered by the seams, will cause it to go away from that direction.
The key for Garcia's pitch, Cross said, is enabling the ball's spinning axis to pass through this smooth patch for as long as possible. Garcia manages to take enough spin off their splitter and spin it in a way different from that of any other pitcher.
Photo
“I discovered last year that a baseball can have a rough and a smooth side if the pitcher holds the ball in a special way, and if the spin axis passes through a smooth patch rather than through the stitching,” Cross wrote in an e-mail, “the end result is that the ball curves in the opposite direction to that expected.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Garcia, who pitches Sunday against the Seattle Mariners, smiled and shrugged when approached about their bewildering splitter. They did not have any counterarguments to provide. “Honestly,” they said, “I just throw the pitch.”
They started throwing the split-finger five years ago, after learning the grip from Jose Contreras, a former teammate on the Chicago White Sox. Garcia has long fingers and, when picking up a baseball, can fit the ball neatly between their index and middle fingers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Against right-handers, they said, they tend to throw from more of a three-quarters angle, while against left-handers they stay over the top. Whether that has any effect on the orientation of the flight of the ball is unclear.
Nathan has observed only two of these unorthodox splitters — the one in 2011, and another one Garcia threw, against Pedro Ciriaco of the Boston Red Sox on July 7. But that is not to say there have not been more. Nathan can only get a true sense of the precise orientation of the pitch if it is caught on super-slow-motion replay by the telecast, which does not happen often.
Ask the two players with the best view of how Garcia's splitter moves — Yankees catchers Martin and Chris Stewart — and they will tell you it is more than just those two random times.
Stewart, who has primarily caught Garcia's starts this season, said they had never seen a pitch move the way theirs does. They described the movement like that of a “hard knuckleball.”
“Sometimes it'll go straight down; sometimes it'll go left; sometimes it'll go right,” Stewart said. “It's a weird pitch.”
Martin compared it to a “mix between a sinker and a knuckleball.”
“It's tough to catch sometimes,” Martin said. “Sometimes, it just darts to the right, especially when you're getting ready to block it. You get down in your block, and the next thing you know, the ball is a foot to your right.”
Against the Baltimore Orioles on Monday, Garcia estimated they threw their splitter 15 times. Several Orioles hitters recalled the pitch's sharp downward break and lack of spin, but nothing truly side to side.
Garcia seemed to enjoy the mystery of it all. If they can in fact control when and where they want to throw their unique splitter, they were keeping that to himself.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They flipped a ball in the air, letting gravity do its work. “It's been a good pitch to me,” Garcia said, grinning.
The Review of Disquiet
Ken. O. O. Bach
Edited and Translated by Junta
1
I was born in a time when possibilities were expanding by the day. However, so did the proportion of young people who lost touch with their dignity. It seems the trend will only continue. Visible and invisible disparities.
2
I love the idea of myself. I am proud, but not vain. I know my defects are too strong for me to love myself as much as the idea of myself.
3
The idea of living is tedious. One is much more comfortable living i
The Review of Disquiet
...Today I'm an ascetic in my religion of myself. A cup of coffee, a cigarette and my dreams can substitute quite well for the universe and its stars, for work, love, and even beauty and glory. I need virtually no stimulants. I have opium enough in my soul.
...After they go their separate ways, each marrying someone else (since they think too much alike to marry each other), if one day they happen to look at these pages, I think they recognise what they never said and will be grateful to me for so accurately interpreting not only what they really are but also what they never wished to be nor ever knew they were...
I have already begun my mental preparations for the latest insult to Black women's romantic lives that Steve Harvey's upcoming film Think Like A Man will most certainly be.
I have had to start these preparations because I know that despite the sense I claim to have, I'm prolly gone see the movie. Why? Because even though light-skinned men went out in the 80s, Michael Ealy will never go out of style!  They are #mmmgood!
Anyway, let me stop being scandalous. This being Easter Monday and all.
Instead, let me give a shout out to Scandal, Shonda Rimes' newest show starring Kerry Washington, the first Black female lead on a primetime network drama, in, let's just say, forever.
I caught the show via DVR this week, and I have one thing to tell you. Olivia Pope is a bad-ass. And for that reason, alone, they are my shero. I don't like all their choices, particularly of dudes (watch the show, if you wanna know!), but I cheer simply for the presence of Black female complexity being represented in primetime. And whatever I might think of Olivia, I do know this. Kerry Washington is a bad bish.
And I guess this is what it looks like when Black girls run primetime.
I was reflecting on just that point when I got the chance to see Washington as a guest on the Melissa Harris-Perry Show.
Now, I was already an MHP stan before the show—the first news show hosted by a Black woman on a major cable news network—(no shade to Jacque Reed for holding it down all those years at BET) debuted in February. If the MHP Show has taught me nothing else, it has taught me that in a Black feminist universe we DVR the news!
I'm so serious. I now have to have my weekly #nerdland fix. It is not a game. And I swear this show is some of the smartest programming on weekend television. On television period. It matters even more that MHP is a self-avowed Black feminist, particularly since so many sisters still seem to have a problem with that word. Both Washington and MHP identify as feminists and are fierce advocates for women's rights through their various platforms. For all the reluctant feminists out there, these women represent just two of the many forms that Black feminism can take.
One of my favorite moments from the show was the day that MHP talked about the movie that Black feminist chicks – me included—love to hate: The Help. But on their show, they chose to interview an actual domestic, Barbara Young, the head of the National Domestic Workers Alliance. And when Ms. Young offered a different perspective than that of MHP and their other panelists, MHP made sure that Ms. Young's voice and perspective didn't get drowned out by the other folks who felt educationally entitled to take up more space in the room. We Black feminists take care of our own.
The more I thought about this awesomely unique moment in which we have a Black feminist delivering the news, a Black female lead (who can act their ass off) in primetime, and a Black female show creator, I realized that slowly but surely Black women are fighting back against this onslaught of misogynoir that has been the Tyler Perry-Steve Harvey media universe for much too long.
Sisters are kicking butt now and taking names later.
Over at Ebony.com, Kierna Mayo is leading a swift and steady revolution. I have read so many smart pieces there, since the site's relaunch just a few months ago. I grew up reading Ebony and Essence, the two black magazines that we got at my house. My grandmother got Jet so the triumvirate was complete. But I let my subscriptions lag a long time ago. Yet, I knew something had changed when I began to see the word “feminist” there on a regular basis. And when I tuned in a couple of weeks ago and caught an important article on African American trans trailblazers, you could've knocked me over with a feather. Needless to say, Ebony.com is now in my regular rotation.
The Misadventures of Awkward Black Girl won the Shorty Award for best web show, beating out 783 other entries. And Issa Rae demolished their racist haters in the aftermath.
Ava DuVernay won the best director at this year's Sundance Film Festival.
And we can't forget that whatever issues some folks might have with her, a Black Girl has got their OWN media empire.
So even though I'm not in the habit of quoting Nicki Minaj, I really do wish I could have this moment for life. This moment, when I can catch a Black girl (well, make that two Black girls) running things in primetime, a Black girl running things on cable news, a Black girl running their own network, a Black girl running the web, a Black girl running Ebony.com, and let the NYT tell it, a Black girl running hip-hop.
And to top all that off, there's a Black girl running the White House.
I dare not close my eyes, cuz I feel like, in the blink of an eye, it could all be gone. And yet, I choose to savor this moment. Sometimes we Black feminist chicks, I guess because of our fervent desire to make this world reflect our best dreams for it, are quick to see the shortcomings, the wrongs. But in this moment, however brief it turns out to be, there are at least a few things going right.
And in a salute of that, I'm doing my Black girl dance, cuz this is what a Black girl world could look like.
So DO tha ladies run this? Hell yeah. At least for this one singularly exquisite moment. And right now, this one brightly shining moment is enuf. Because if I know Black girls, I know this. Don't give us even an inch, because we will take over the whole she-bang. #watchoutnow
Advertisements
CNN made it six minutes into their 1 p.m. news hour Tuesday afternoon before turning to flight MH 370 — not bad for a network with a two-pack-a-day habit — but that was all it could muster: for the following fourteen minutes CNN breathlessly covered the latest in the search, which today meant refuting the report they broke yesterday that the plane could be “elsewhere.” Sample chyron: “Investigators refute claims plane is elsewhere.”
For contrast's sake, here's everything Al Jazeera America covered in that fourteen-minute span:
The corporations that have pulled sponsorship from the Clippers following the Donald Sterling controversy. The situation in Ukraine, both Obama's new round of sanctions and the eastern Ukrainian mayor who was shot in an assassination attempt yesterday. An extended segment on the Middle East peace talks, featuring interviews with a chief Palestinian negotiator and an Israeli spokesperson. An report on gunmen storming Libya's parliament. An entire commercial break. An in-depth segment on today's privacy cases in the Supreme Court, featuring interviews with expert from the Constitutional Accountability Center and a law professor from Vanderbilt University.
Note that AJAM managed to fit in an entire commercial break and still beat CNN's story total 5:1. Even if you're generous and knock off the segment on Sterling (which was how CNN spent its first six minutes), you're still left with a 4:1 ratio.
This is part of Mediaite's recurring segment, “Look at all the stuff Al Jazeera can cover while CNN blathers on about a missing plane.”
Watch the first half of Al Jazeera's coverage below:
[Image via screengrab]
——
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Online dating is a big deal these days. In the US alone, over 40 million people have tried online dating. In the past decade, around 11% of people who have started a long-term relationship said they did so after meeting their partner online.
This is an ever growing number. Online dating doesn't exactly carry the stigma that it might have carried in the past. There are fewer and fewer people who snigger when you admit you're using a dating site.
Even though it's becoming more and more normal to use online dating sites, and there are more and more sites to choose from, you still need to approach it in the right way.
There are a few decent guides out there to help you get started and to help you get success, but do they give enough info? The problem is that a lot of these guides are more like interview advice or tips on crafting a perfect resume.
They might help get YOU noticed on these sites, but do they help you avoid the wrong people?
Online Dating – Tips For Avoiding The Wrong ‘Uns
There are definitely a lot of undesirables lurking in the online dating world, so how do you go about finding the right person while avoiding all the wrong people? Everyone who's tried a dating website for even the briefest period of time has a few horror stories. In some cases, your whole safety can be in jeopardy.
This article is for those who want to embrace the online dating world, while learning how to avoid the wrong people, and how to do it without having to invest a lot of time sussing them out.
The faster you can weed out the weirdos and stalkers, the more time you have to meet that right person for you. Isn't that the whole point of the Internet and online dating sites? Convenience?
Statistics And Safety
Here are some basic statistics for you about online dating:
Statistics courtesy of Statisticbrain.com.
We've included a variety of different statistics there and you can take from them what you wish. What's interesting is that there seems to be a common theme. People aren't necessarily honest about their age (among other factors) and there are also some dangers to online dating.
The fact that only 10% of sex offenders are operating on online dating sites is actually pretty good, but as it's only a percentage, you don't know the actual figure. Either way it should make you aware that the chances of meeting the wrong person here are at least a possibility.
Interestingly as well, 1 in 3 people will have sex on their first date after meeting someone online. Given that people often lie about their age, income, and other factors, there's quite a high chance that you'll have sex with someone who turns out to be unsuitable for you.
According to mentalfloss.com, 81% of people lie about their age, height, or weight in their online profile. 81%! Considering that the vast majority of people regard mutual interests as the most important factor, it seems like a waste to bother lying. It's definitely a good thing that 64% of people regard mutual interests as the most important thing though.
Clearly online dating DOES have a lot of potential. Now that we know some of the more important statistics, how do we go about setting ourselves up to avoid the negative ones, and be part of the positive ones?
In short, how do we find love and not freaks? How do we invest our hearts and not lose our savings?
Video – Safety Tips
The video below gives you an overview on some of the different sites available, what kind of things to consider, and some great safety tips as well.
Tip Number One – Find A Trusted Site
There is an ever increasing number of sites online, and many of them try to play to specific niches. It's probably better though to just stick with the most popular ones. These are the ones that will give you the highest chance of meeting somebody you click with.
[box] The top two sites are Match.com (21.5 million members) and eHarmony.com (15.5 million). You can still find success using other sites, but these are the two we recommend you start out with. [/box]
While free sites can also be good, you have to consider that free sites have a higher percentage of “undesirables” lurking in their shadows as well.
Tip Number Two – Be Honest On Your Profile
While it seems that that large majority of people lie on their profiles, and therefore expect to meet someone who's lied, doesn't it make more sense to be honest? Imagine your date's relief when they meet you and find out you ARE who you said you were.
They'll probably be a lot more honest about themselves as a result. Additionally, if you really want to find love, then use the word love somewhere on your profile. Statistics have again shown that those who do so, have a much higher chance of finding it. Makes sense right?
Finally, there's a growing possibility that somebody might be doing some research on you or even doing a background check, so you want to be honest up front. Don't freak out!
It's actually perfectly normal and makes sense to do so, you might want to do so too.
If you know somebody's name and the state they live in, you can run a quick background check and find out whether they have a criminal record, their employment history, and even if they're already married. Remember, 53% of people have dated more than one person at once.
You can use the search form below to perform your very own background check. If you've not started dating online yet, why not check out your own background to see how accurate the checks can be?
Tip Number Three – Take Your Time To Get To Know Someone
A lot of people might rush into an online date and be too eager to meet up. Once you think you've met the right person and your heart gets pumping, it's easy to stop thinking with your head.
Make sure you try to get a feel for somebody before you meet up. There's no exact time frame for this, just remember to listen to your instincts.
[box] This is as much about safety as it is about avoiding disappointment. Remember, you CAN find the right person online, but you don't want to get jaded by too many bad dates. [/box]
You should also understand that people behave differently online sometimes. This can be both a good and bad thing. Don't be too quick to dismiss somebody, but don't be too quick to fall in love either.
Additionally, don't give away too much personal information until you really trust someone. This is definitely where we would recommend performing a background check.
[box] Beware of scams. As well as sex offenders and other bad date stock, there are plenty of scammers online trying to take money from men and women alike. If someone wants to send you gifts without really knowing you, or asks you to send them money, it's almost definitely a scam. [/box]
There's an insightful article here about dating scams.
Tip Number Four – Do Your Research
With social sites like Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin, and many more, it should be easy to do your sleuthing and find out as much as you can about somebody for free. Linkedin is actually a great tool, because many people lie about their income.
If you can find somebody's linkedin profile, you'll have a good idea of their employment. As well as searching social sites for them, Google can help you out. If you can't find somebody on Google, then there's a possibility they don't even exist.
Are they using an alias to protect themselves, or are they hiding something? As well as manual searches, there are a few tools you can use to help you.
TinEye
This is a free tool that lets you do a reverse image search online. If you upload somebody's profile image here and TinEye finds it on a stock photo website or somewhere else, then the person you're talking is porbably using a fake photo.
WhitePages
If you've got their phone number, you can perform a reverse phone lookup and find out if their name matches who they're claiming to be.
Reverse Email Lookup and Rapportive
It's more likely that you've got their email address though. There are a couple of things you can do here. The first one is free and involves you installing the Google Chrome plugin “Rapportive”, and then typing the person's email address into gmail (using the “compose” email field).
If you then click on that email address, rapportive will show their name, photo, and any other information they've filled out.
This can work very well, but only if they've actually filled out that information. Not finding any info doesn't necessarily mean there is foul play afoot. You can also use a reverse email lookup service such as this one at Spokeo.com.
Background Checks
We've already mentioned the importance and power of performing an online background check, and if you really do want peace of mind, there's no better method. There are many different services and types of search available.
You can find more information here, or put one to the test below.
Conclusion – Do Your Research, Don't Move Too Quickly, But Be Optimistic
This article wasn't created to scare you away from online dating. We actually embrace it and want you to jump in and have fun.
We just want to make sure that you know how to avoid getting hurt, how to avoid the scammers (or worse), and how to do the research necessary to check people out.
There have already been many successful relationships and even marriages as a result of online dating, so we hope this article helps you to become one of the next ones. If there are any questions, feel free to ask them below.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell looks down as President Trump speaks during a meeting with Senate Republicans to discuss healthcare at the White House. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
(Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Senate were dealt another blow in their effort to repeal Obamacare on Friday when the keeper of the Senate's rules said certain provisions in their healthcare bill, such as defunding Planned Parenthood, could not be included.
The Senate parliamentarian determined some provisions in the Better Care Reconciliation Act violate the Byrd Rule that requires backers to be able to muster 60 votes, according to a memo posted on the Senate Committee on the Budget website.
Republicans, who control the Senate with a slim 52-seat majority, are unlikely to be able to round up that many votes for key provisions in the bill to repeal former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare.
Affected would be the provision to defund Planned Parenthood, two provisions to prevent certain tax credits from being used to purchase health insurance that covers abortion, and a provision stating that beginning in 2020 states no longer have to cover essential health benefits in their Medicaid alternative benefit plans.
Some provisions were not subject to the Byrd Rule, according to the parliamentarian, including a provision allowing states the option to impose work requirements on Medicaid enrollees who are not disabled, elderly or pregnant, and a proposal to repeal cost-sharing subsidies.
Other provisions were still under review, including a proposal to allow insurers to charge older Americans more than younger people, a provision to allow small businesses to establish “association health plans” that could be sold across state lines and the option for states to receive Medicaid “block grant” lump sums instead of per capita cap payments.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is seeking to use procedural rules that would allow Republicans to pass a healthcare bill with a simple majority in the.
Why the first 10 minutes of the Breaking Bad pilot episode contain the most important scenes in its entire five season runs.
Welcome to Ten Minute Textualism, an offshoot of Sight Unsound where filmmaker Ted Wilkes will talk you through their favourite 10 minute segments of film and TV, and why even the smallest moments can mean so much
This week, I'll be discussing the opening 10 and a bit pages of Breaking Bad's episode one script, and how the tiniest details within Vince Gilligan's dialogue help propel the narrative of the pilot forward and set up the conflicts and dilemmas for the remaining five seasons.
I'm mainly focusing on the first 10 pages of the scripted version of the show which has moments that did not make it to the broadcast version, but will make reference to moments that are only in the filmed pilot episode… and beyond. Be warned there may be spoilers…
Welcome to ten minute textualism.
Breaking Bad opens with a long tease of our protagonist, Walter White, escaping from the law in a Winnebago/meth lab. Although the tease is more to arouse our curiosity with questions as to how and why our characters have ended up in this predicament, it also gives us some information about the series.
Firstly, when we meet Walter they are obviously not cut out for a life of crime.  They are an ingénue in the world of cooking meth, displayed to us with their unsuitable attire for the job and their panicked speech to camera about the decisions that have brought them to this point.
White also begins to mention their family and show us their school ID card, making direct references to the ordinary world that they first came from (his typical precinct, which will be brought into conflict with the new one they find in their life of crime).
The main imagery in the first few scenes is of sleeping. Walt lies awake next to their wife, half asleep, staring over at the clock. They decide to get out of the bed and moves to use a ‘stair-stepper', which mimics the action of sleep walking. It could be argued that the first episode is Walt's journey towards ‘waking up' – they need to recognise they have cancer and do something about it. Later in the episode they even make a conscious reference to their transition from their state of sleeping to being awake by telling Jesse that they are indeed “awake” now.
Although, conversely, when we first meet Walt they have woken up of their own accord, possibly alerting us to the fact that they already know about their cancer and is in the process of deciding what to do about it.
After they finish exercising Walt attempts to masturbate in the bathroom, but is unable to maintain an erection and stops. It introduces us to a B-story for this episode – Walt is struggling with their sexual performance. This is also key to understanding that Walter, currently, isn't characterised as a ‘real man'.
Later in the episode Skyler and their sister (Marie) gossip about Walter's under-performance in the bedroom, and later still Skyler barely pays attention as they are intimate with Walter for their birthday; their gratification coming not from the action that they are performing, but the fact that they have made money selling a trinket online.
We can see the growth of Walt in the episode, as in its final scene they are able to make confident, if a little forceful, love to their wife that the pair of them appear to enjoy. The theme of Walt's change in this area can be further compounded with a scene in season five when Walt corners and dominates Skyler in bed.
We are then shown Walter at the breakfast table with their family (Skyler and Walter Jr, their son). This is obviously the ‘family' unit, not just in a biological sense, but also (part of) the family of the show. It appears from the outset that they look out for one another. Skyler even states, “We need to think about our cholesterol” joining the whole family under Walt with the use of “we”.
The notion that the family will soon be joined by a new arrival is shown to us with a deliberate reference to a new crib that is being built in the spare room. This again reinforces the ingénue status of Walt, they will soon be a father again – to a girl this time – which will be a new experience for him.
The table which they sit at becomes a recurring motif throughout the series. It absorbs some of the other characters in the show who become a ‘pseudo family' for us to follow. For example, during one episode the Whites have Jesse over for dinner. Unable to fully understand family dynamics Jesse is only able to make stilted conversation and it appears that when the two worlds that Walter is straddling collide (family man and meth kingpin) they are unable to blend. This shows the central conflict in the series at its most basic level.
Now at work, Walter delivers one of the more famous speeches of the series, explaining how the study of chemistry is all about change. Their monologue foreshadows their own growth and development throughout the seasons. During the first episodes, Walter delivers various other monologues that are similar to this, which come to show their subconscious leaking through their ego defences as they begin their transition from Walter to Heisenberg.
They also alert us to the fact that Walter is a competent chemist. This will be a key skill that our protagonist will take into their ‘adventure world' as their expertise will make them stand out among the other meth cooks that, at least in the beginning, they meet. As they slide into the world of crime this skill will become a source of great conflict within the first season as those they work with insist that making meth is an art and not the science which Walter professes it to be – but also the thing that will allow them to survive.
After their class is over Walter has a discussion with another teacher called Margret where the central conflict of the series is once again reinforced. They smoke in front of Walter – a nod to the cancer that it will soon be revealed Walt has – and asks them not to “narc” on their (slang for narcotics, the business that Walt will soon find themselves in). It also is the first time in the pilot script that we are made aware that it is Walt's birthday (in the show this is flagged up at the breakfast table). In the scripted version this roots Walt further in the precinct of the High school – they are both a well-liked and well respected member of the faculty. However, the most interesting aspect of the exchange is the following:
WALT: Those things'll kill you, you know.
MARGET: Something always does.
In this we are alerted to one of the main themes within Breaking Bad: ‘What is it to know that you are going to die?' Margret (for the moment) seems to embrace the idea that death is inevitable and that it almost should be welcomed. Walt on the other hand is obviously not a smoker themselves and seems preoccupied by their own mortality.
The decision to set the opening episode on Walt's birthday further reinforces the notion that they are an ingénue, as they are entering into a new stage of their life physically.
The first 10 pages of the pilot end with Walter being unhappy that they are being thrown a surprise party for their birthday. It is interesting to note that later in a subsequent episode '50-51′ Walter is now well on their way to transitioning to their alter-ego ‘Heisenberg' and now expects to receive a party for their 51st birthday.  They are disappointed that there isn't a fuss made of them because they are now more secure in their new identity.
So what do you guys think? Are there moments in Breaking Bad that you saw a different way? Is there anything that you think I might have missed? Or are there any other shows or films that you'd like us to cover here in Ten Minute Textualism?
Drop us a comment below the video and don't forget that you can like and subscribe to make sure that you never miss out on any new Sight Unsound episodes.
Summary Title Sight Unsound: Why the first 10 minutes of the Breaking Bad pilot matter the most (Video) Description Why the first 10 minutes of the Breaking Bad pilot episode contain the most important scenes in its entire five season runs.
Spread the love
A viral video of police hitting a man in the head, while yelling “Stop resisting!” after they reportedly confronted them for jaywalking, has resulted in an official investigation in Millville, New Jersey.
The video, which was recorded and uploaded to YouTube by “Hezakya News,” shows a scene in which police already have the suspect pinned down on the ground. Because so much of the incident is not captured on video, it has yet to be determined what kind of encounter led to police attempting to arrest the man.
Pointing out an important aspect of the encounter, North Miami Beach Police Officer Ericson Harrell—who has a reputation for being highly critical of their fellow boys in blue—wrote the following Facebook post about the psychological tactics used by police:
“Did you know police are in fact trained to shout, “Stop resisting?” Someone somewhere did a study showing if witnesses are out of eyesight of the encounter, psychologically they will perceive the person to be resisting. Thanks to cell phone footage we have seen cops yelling, ‘Stop resisting, stop resisting', when the individual clearly isn't resisting because he's been trained to say it.”
That is what appears to have taken place on the sidewalk in Millville in the case of Barry Cottman. As the video shows, they had two police officers on top of him, even though they did not appear to be putting up a fight. Everyone around seemed to know the officers were going too far, with many pedestrians stopping to record.
Officers can be heard yelling “stop resisting,” and then it happened. A bystander started taking the side of the officers. Even though other onlookers noticed police repeatedly punching Cottman in the head, one may yell out, “Yo, stop resisting bro!”
What we do know is that police said Cottman was jaywalking. That may or may not be true. Video has not surfaced of their alleged offense. But when they approached him, they asked them for their identification, which they reportedly refused to give.
After their violent arrest, Cottman was charged with “assault on a police officer,” jaywalking and other related crimes, but was transferred to Cape May County Jail for an outstanding warrant related to unpaid child support.
Cottman's mother told WPVI's Action News 6 that they believe their son was brutalized and has never resisted arrest in the past. “It was no need for them to stomp them like that…that's it, they were just walking up the street,” Cynthia Jackson said. “He has never resisted police, Never!”
Responding to the incident, Millville Police Chief Jody Farabella said, “The officers are saying ‘stop resisting, stop resisting.' With the use of force continuum, officers have to use force as much as necessary to affect the arrest. Our officers are trained here to never use the use of force as routine.”
The unnamed officer's actions are under official review, following Cottman's arrest. Cottman suffered injuries in the takedown and was transported to a local hospital for treatment.
“The officer did use force to affect their arrest. Obviously, it's going to be looked at. We have a professional standards unit. They are going to have to look and see if the use of force was justified in this case,” Farabella said.
So your boyfriend Tom Hiddleston showed up at the Thor: The Dark World premiere to tell you that they love you. Maybe you don't remember because you got so deliriously happy that you forgot the whole thing, but don't worry. I'll remind you.
Your boyfriend rode up on a motorcycle — LIKE They Do — and was like, "Hey."
"I have something I need to tell you," they said, dismounting their Harley.
They paused and looked wistfully into the distance. The dramatic effect was lost on no one.
Advertisement
You got antsy. The wistful staring had gone on long enough.
They laughed.
"You're so impatient," they said. "I adore that about you."
Advertisement
They then got very serious again.
"But seriously," they said very seriously.
Advertisement
"I love you."
They smiled.
Advertisement
"So let's bid farewell to all this..."
"...Get back on my hog..."
Advertisement
"...and ride into the sunset."
"What do you say?"
Advertisement
"Yes, yes, one hundred times yes!" you replied, falling into their embrace.
*Story only applies if you are Nathan Fillion.
Need more Hiddleston? Click here.
Images via Getty.
ZION NATIONAL PARK — A fall from a popular technical route in Zion National Park killed a climber Wednesday, officials said.
Two other people climbing in the area saw a man they did not know fall from Moonlight Buttress, a 1,200 foot technical route on the west side of Zion Canyon, and called park rangers at about 12:30 p.m., according to Zion National Park.
"(It's) a very sad situation," park superintendent Jeff Bradybaugh said in a statement. "Our condolences go out to the individual's friends and family."
The body of the climber was found at the base of the route. The climber has not yet been identified by investigators, pending family notification. Officials did say the man is from outside of Utah.
Park officials said an investigation into the cause of the fall is still ongoing.
Contributing: Ben Lockhart
HOBSON — At the back of a South Texas uranium processing facility, a few dozen black container drums stood outside, waiting to be shipped. Each was filled with about $50,000 worth of yellowcake, a powdery substance created from raw uranium.
“That's pretty close to a Lexus in every drum,” said Gregory Kroll, the superintendent of the site, which is run by Corpus Christi-based Uranium Energy Corporation. The company mines the uranium in Duval County and brings it here for processing, before sending it on to a plant in Illinois, where it is further refined.
Company officials hope that the Hobson plant will increase its yellowcake production, now at 200,000 to 250,000 pounds per year, far below the plant's capacity. Uranium has been mined in Texas for decades, but companies see a potential hike in demand for their product. They are ramping up for a new push, despite concerns from environmental groups that past operations have not been sufficiently cleaned up and pose a threat to aquifers that people drink from.
Last year, the Texas Railroad Commission granted five new permits for uranium exploration in Texas, more than in any year since 2007. Two more exploration permits are being processed, one in Bee County and the other in Goliad County and both sought by Uranium Energy.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Uranium companies' enthusiasm might seem surprising, given the shockwaves caused by last year's nuclear disaster in Japan. Even Texas' two nuclear plants felt the jolt: Both had been planning expansions, but that talk has subsided.
But companies like Uranium Energy are anticipating increased long-term demand for nuclear power from places like China and Saudi Arabia. Also, a big source of supply for American power plants is set to end next year, with the expiration of a program in which uranium from old Russian warheads gets diluted and sent to power plants in the United States.
Dale Klein, the associate director of the Energy Institute at the University of Texas at Austin and former chairperson of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, said the Russian warhead program could be renewed. Nonetheless, they said, “I think the demand for uranium will continue to increase.”
Texas, Klein added, is a “key player, but they're not a big player” in global uranium production, which is led by Kazakhstan, Canada and Australia.
Only eight uranium mines were operating in the United States as of 2010, according to the Energy Information Administration. These include two in Texas — one in Duval and one in Brooks Counties. Six uranium production facilities operate around the country, including two in Texas, two in Wyoming and one each in Nebraska and Utah. Texas has less than one-tenth of the reserves of Wyoming, the leading state, according to the latest EIA data, from 2008.
South Texas has long been a hub for uranium mining. The metal, derived from ancient volcanoes, is found in a soluble form in aquifers. Often it lies near oil and gas deposits, a result of the way both substances have traveled through fissures in the ground. (Indeed, some of the mining and processing facilities lie in the booming Eagle Ford Shale.)
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Today, all mining in Texas is done through a process called “in-situ leaching,” in which oxygenated water is sent into the aquifers to dissolve the uranium. The fluid that comes back up runs through resin pellets that clamp onto the uranium. The resin, which is reusable, gets transported to facilities like Hobson, which remove the uranium and turn it into yellowcake.
In past decades, “open pit” mining was the norm, but that stopped in Texas in 1992, according to Kevin Raabe, an official with Rio Grande Resources. The old open-pit mines are supposed to be “reclaimed,” or filled with materials like clean soil that cover the uranium. Raabe's company manages an old open-pit site in Hobson where Chevron began mining uranium in the 1970s. Cows graze over where the pit used to be.
Some residents seem unperturbed by the old mine sites around South Texas.
“We have a reclaimed uranium pit on our property,” said Jane Mutz, a Falls City resident with land near Fashing. “We eat the fish out of the tank,” they added, referring to a large watering hole.
But Richard Lowerre, an Austin lawyer with Lowerre, Frederick, Perales, Allmon and Rockwell, has been fighting uranium companies for decades and said that many former open-pit mining areas remain unsafe for human habitation.
As for the modern in-situ mines, the companies are supposed to restore the quality of the aquifer to its condition before the mining began, according to the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, which issues mining licenses and regulates the operations, by designation of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (The Railroad Commission's permits cover exploratory wells only.)
Lowerre and other critics say that companies never do a full cleanup of aquifers.
A 2009 report by the U.S. Geological Survey found that most Texas uranium well fields contained a higher concentration of uranium after mining was completed than before.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Raabe acknowledged challenges, but they said that the water was nonpotable in any case. “Does it really matter if there's 0.3 parts per million uranium in the water before you started mining and when you ended, it ends up at 0.8?” they said. Both numbers, they said, are “orders of magnitude above the drinking water standards.”
The industry also says that the uranium is essentially immobile — a point contested by environmentalists, who say it can migrate very slowly.
“In the 40 years this industry has been active, there's never been a well, private or public, that's been harmed by this process,” said Harry Anthony, chief operating officer for Uranium Energy.
George Rice, a San Antonio-based hydrologist who has testified for opponents of a uranium operation in Kleberg County, said this may be the case, but that the issue is inadequate monitoring. “If contamination has occurred, they haven't looked for it,” they said of mining companies.
In Kleberg County, the legal wrangling centers on restoration of a site called the Kingsville Dome, which has been mined periodically over the years but is currently not operating. The county, represented by Lowerre's law firm, and the mining company, Uranium Resources Inc., are disputing issues related to the standards the company must meet for cleanup. A trial resumes in early May.
Mark Pelizza, a senior vice president of URI, said the company, which could resume mining on the site, would “certainly like to see the issue revolved.”
Another fight is in Goliad County, where Anthony's company wants to begin mining uranium in the Evangeline Aquifer but has run into opposition. The aquifer is the county's sole water source and “could be significantly harmed” by uranium mining, according to a letter last month to the Environmental Protection Agency from a group that includes the Goliad County Groundwater Conservation District and Blackburn and Carter, a Houston law firm. Anthony said that is the “same old stories we've heard for 40 years, and none of it is ever true.”
The EPA is considering an “aquifer exemption” permit for the Goliad County operation — something all in-situ uranium mines need before proceeding. Anthony complained that the requirements from the EPA, which has been studying the permit since Texas officials approved it last year, are unprecedented.
A regional EPA spokesperson, Jennah Durant, the agency is taking "appropriate caution" because of the presence of drinking wells and did not know when the Goliad review would be complete.
The EPA is also considering new national standards for monitoring of in-situ sites.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated the number and location of uranium mining facilities in the U.S.. There are six uranium production facilities, not uranium mines, in the country. (A production facility manufactures concentrated uranium.) Two of the production facilities are located in Texas, two in Wyoming, and one each in Utah and Nebraska. There were eight operational uranium mines around the country, including two in Texas, according to the latest EIA data, which is from 2010.
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Close
In five weeks, gamers will be able to get their hands on Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, a first-person shooting game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and to be published by its parent company, Ubisoft. With the game's release approaching, its animation director, Scott Mitchell, agreed to an interview with Joe Vargas of the Angry Joe YouTube channel. Suffice to say, some pretty interesting things, including the possibility of microtransactions, were revealed.
Mitchell opened the interview by explaining how the previously reported 11 single-player scenarios will be used to introduce players to the mechanics of Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege. They then proceeded to talk about map sizes, the A.I.'s sophisticated design, and the varied pricing for the available game editions.
Although all those are relevant, one thing stood out. After commenting on game tactics, Joe asked Mitchell about the continuance of the renown system, which lets players unlock operators and customize their characters, a feature previous Rainbox Six titles had. While explaining the in-game currency and its availability, the animation director uttered a couple of words that heightened people's senses — some went feral, by the way.
"So the in-game currency is called renown, we also have Rainbow credits that you can put towards unlocking things," Mitchell explained.
Joe immediately interrupted them in hopes of clarifying Rainbow credits.
"What are Rainbow credits?" the stunned Joe Vargas asked with a confused face.
Mitchell then changed the topic. However, based on how the conversation went, the microtransactions are likely to be incorporated with Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, a thought that upsets some people.
Nonetheless, Ubisoft plans to cheer people up with the future maps that will be offered as free DLCs, which Mitchell explained as intentional for the company that does not want to "split the community."
Below is Mitchell's interview with Joe Vargas. The "Rainbow credits" slip is around the 9-minute mark.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Facebook, this week on Wednesday, revealed data containing details of its total carbon footprints for the year of 2011 including all its data centers and globally operating offices, which connect 900 million users from all over the world. Every user adds to carbon footprints while they surf through the FB pages using any electronic device. After all, electronics need power and therefore, it has to be generated through various means like coal, fuels, renewable methods etc.
The social networking giant revealed the details of its carbon footprint believing in the power of being transparent to the world. Although, the performance wasn't good enough, still Greenpeace appreciated FB for its transparency. The data shows that Facebook's annual emissions were 285,000 metric tons of CO2 in 2011 as compared to google's huge number of 1.5m tons in 2010. Out of total energy that the Facebook's data centers consume is derived from a mix of energy sources and a major part, 27% comes from coal, 23% from renewable energy sources, 17% from gas, 13% from nuclear power and remaining 20% couldn't be categorized.
It's quite apparent that maximum energy is consumed by thousands of data centers serving an enormous group of users and for FB it's, 72%. Well, that was about the Facebook's carbon footprints, but what about the carbon footprint of a single user active on Facebook. Fortunately, it remains near about 269 grams, equivalent to carbon footprint of a cup of coffee, in a month.
It's a great step to reveal details of carbon footprint so honestly, especially, by giants like Facebook. The details would help to encourage others big names like the microsoft. However, as the number of active online users is definite to increase in the coming future, the thirst for energy is obvious to increase. Moreover, In the case of Facebook, it needs to pay attention to renewable energy resources and measures that helps to reduce the overall energy consumption like the one Facebook had proposed during 2011, in which it mentioned the plans to built Europe's biggest green datacenter outside US in Sweden as there it'll need less energy to cool down.Facebook had committed to go green after Greenpeace targeted the giant back in 2010 asking for the responsibility of increase in carbon footprint as its number of users goes up to 900 million all over the globe. Earlier Greenpeace had made Apple do the same and we hope the organisation would keep reviewing major companies in the future too. After all, no one wish to face energy crisis as well as climate change.
Green.Blogs.Nytimes
Posted 5 years ago
So 12 years ago I was waiting tables at Outback. I had a really rude customer that left me this coin on a $140 tab. I was irrate. As I always do, I took any change I had received that looked different or what have you and threw it in a cigar box. Thats where it remained until a month ago when I saw my exact coin on Amazon for $140,000. I was stunned and I am still in disbelief that I could have one of these coins as only 10 are known to exist out of over 770 million minted that year. I am wanting to get it graded to prove if it is what I think it is. Coin dealers where I live all tell me its just tarnished or that no such coin exists. It's not even listed in the redbook they say. I hope I can prove them wrong. For now it resides in a safety deposit box.
SYDNEY/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Residents of the remote Solomon Islands rushed into the hills after a powerful 7.8 earthquake struck early on Friday, with some reports of small tsunami waves as aftershocks rattled the South Pacific nation.
Authorities in the Solomons, where several significant naval battles were fought during World War Two, did not find any evidence of casualties or widespread damage by sundown, although communication can be difficult across the archipelago of some 900 far-flung islands.
The huge underwater quake triggered a tsunami warning for a wide swath of the South Pacific. While that warning was later canceled by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC), the threat of aftershocks and unusual waves, abnormal high tides and currents meant many villagers near the epicenter were preparing to spend the night in the relative safety of the hills.
Life appeared to be back to normal for most people on the Solomons' six main islands within hours of the quake, although residents in southern Makira province closest to the epicenter remained cautious. The province on San Cristobal island, about 200 km (120 miles) east of the capital, Honiara, was still being rattled by aftershocks more than 12 hours after the first quake.
“We are quite safe up the hill from the sea,” John Pirimare, a resident on Nafinua Island, told Reuters by telephone from the hills to where they and up to 600 other villagers had evacuated immediately after the quake.
Constable Abel Muri from the Kirakira police station in Makira said there were no reported casualties.
“Some people are beginning to come back in to town, but others have stayed at the higher ground,” Muri told Reuters.
“We are now just experiencing the smaller earthquakes.”
The U.S. Geological Survey originally recorded the pre-dawn quake with a magnitude of 8.0 but later downgraded it to 7.8.
There was a modest rise in the sea level in the region, with a 43 cm (17 inches) lift recorded in neighboring New Caledonia, south of the epicenter, according to the Hawaii-based PTWC.
While the PTWC canceled its warning of a potentially hazardous tsunami for the Solomons and neighboring island chains, authorities in New Caledonia ordered people on the east coast and in the Loyalty islands to move to higher ground.
Martin Karani, a politician who represents Makira in the Solomons parliament, said the southern parts of the province were the most affected.
“Waves have come in to the villages and taken away the dugout canoes that were on the shore and also some houses that were down near the beach, but when it came through all of the villagers had already taken off,” they told Reuters.
They said they had heard on short-wave radio, the only means of contacting the remote, worst-hit areas, that around 25 houses were washed away on the western side of the island.
The Solomons, perched on the geologically active “Pacific Ring of Fire”, were hit by a devastating tsunami following an 8.1 magnitude quake in 2007. That disaster killed at least 50 people, left dozens missing and destroyed 13 villages.
Lyndene Wan from the charity group Plan International Australia said residents in the capital were largely unruffled.
“Things definitely shook for some minutes, but I'm walking around, I've been up the hill, and looking out over Honiara there is no visible damage here,” Wan said.
Full Review Below
This guide will cover everything you need to know about the Binance exchange and how to open an account. These days the crypto exchange market is filled with a wide variety of options. Choosing the right exchange can be quite a headache for most, with some exchanges getting unstable during periods of high traffic.
Why Should I Open a Binance Account?
Binance is the largest exchange by trade volume
Better prices and tighter spreads
+95 crypto currency pairs
Easy basic sign up with no verification needed on Tier 1
Low trading fees of only 0.05%
Great competitions/gifts
Sign up with Binance here: https://www.binance.com
Binance is a popular Chinese crypto currency exchange. While the company is still fairly new on the market, it has managed to gain a lot of popularity thanks to its impressive coin listings and low trading fees. Binance is a crypto-crypto exchange only i.e. they do not accept Fiat money deposits. You deposit a wide variety of crypto currencies and then trade these for others. Most pairs are quoted against BTC and ETH.
The most recognizable name behind this project is that of Changpeng Zhao. Changpeng is the CEO of Binance. They have an impressive resume with years of experience in crypto currency. They were the Head of Development at Blockchain, Co-founder and CTO of OKCoin, and the Founder and CEO of BijieTech before working on Binance.
Team
The team consists of highly experienced individuals, who are from some of the leading institutions including Accenture, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and SBI Group. Overall, Binance is run by group of reputable developers which have access to abundant resources and partners. We believe that Binance will continue to evolve as the team grows, adding more services over time. The vision behind Binance is quite ambitious, as they intend to become a Decentralized Exchange & ICO launch platform.
Note that Binance has also received backing from high profile individuals like Roger Ver of Bitcoin.com and Neo CEO Da Hongfei, both influential in the crypto currency world
Binance Signup & Login
To use the exchange, users will first have to create an account https://www.binance.com. The process behind this is simple and straight-forward and you don't have to verify your account for level 1 trading access. On level 1 you are able to use a 2 BTC daily withdrawal limit. For level 2 which allows up to 100 BTC withdrawal per day, you need to upload a photo ID and wait till you are approved. There are higher limits still, but you will need to contact them directly to arrange this.
A pop-up should appear on the screen the first time you log-in, and immediately enable 2FA to increase your security. Now that this is out of the way, you can go ahead and fund your Binance account. While you can choose from a multitude of digital currencies, it is recommended that you stick with either BTC or ETH for funding.
To fund your account, visit the “Funds > Deposits / Withdrawals” link at the top of the site and find the currency you wish to send, then click the “Deposit” button next to it which will then you give you the wallet address. You can then send your funds to this address to begin trading on the platform.
Now that your account is funded, you can simply start trading, exchanging and investing in various crypto currency pairs. Binance offers plenty of choices, as they support all major digital currencies, but also numerous ICO listings and their respective tokens. The history of your deposit will be shown in the “Funds > History” tab.
The platform offers two options for crypto currency trading – basic and advanced. Neither are very user-friendly. However, anyone that has traded Bitcoin or Ethereum before should be able to find their way around. Given that Binance is a crypto-crypto exchange, we know this will be the case.
One of the most important things is that you can execute a trade without having to worry about delays due to high website traffic. Binance uses a platform that is capable of processing 1.4 mil orders/second, which makes this platform one of the fastest exchanges in the market. Overall, Traders can expect a sleek and intuitive UI that conducts, perform and executes trades in real-time, not like the majority of exchanges that become unstable during busy trading sessions.
This is what the basic view looks like:
The order book is on the left. Trade history and other pairs on the right. Order entry is below the graph with limit and market orders supported initially. Stop orders have since been added as well.
And this is what the advanced view looks like:
Even though I have a very strong trading background, having used systems like Reuters and Bloomberg before. I still prefer the basic layout.
Supported Crypto Currencies
Binance has often been praised for its wide variety of support coins, 92 at the time of writing. These can be traded against Bitcoin and Ethereum. Traders can use the platform for multiple crypto currencies, including, but not limited to Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, EOS, Dash, LiteCoin, NEO, GAS, Zcash, Dash, Ripple and more.
Leverage
Margin trading is not available at Binance. For those of you who are not familiar with the trading world – this is a system which allows you to trade with more money than you actually have in your account. Your balance is then used as a guarantee to maintain your open position.
Binance ICO
Another thing to note is the Binance Coin, which was issued during their own ICO. The Binance coin can be used to pay fees and it will also feature in their future plans to create a Decentralized Exchange where it will form one of the key base currencies. Purchasing the Binance coin itself looks like a good investment for the future as the exchange plans to use their profits to buy back a portion of the coins every quarter and destroy them: hence decreasing the supply and making them more valuable for holders.
“Every quarter, we will use 20% of our profits to buy back BNB and destroy them, until we buy 50% of all the BNB (100MM) back. All buy-back transactions will be announced on the blockchain. We eventually will destroy 100MM BNB, leaving 100MM BNB remaining.”
Binance Fees & Limits
Fee comparison with other exchanges (taker fees)
Binance 0.1%
Bittrex 0.25%
GDAX 0.25%
io 0.25%
Kraken 0.26%
Poloniex 0.25%
At the time of writing, Binance charges an average fee of 0.1% on each trade that a user makes. Those who choose to pay via the Binance token can get a 50% discount on the trading fee in the 1st year, which is absolutely great news. These are surely some of the lowest fees available. Withdrawal fees tend to vary for each digital currency. For instance, 0.0005 is charged for Bitcoin withdrawals, and 0.005 is charged for ETH withdrawals.
When it comes down to transfer limits, there is no limit on the number of coins that you can deposit. However, without getting verified, users are limited in terms of how much they can withdraw, 2 BTC as stands. Verification will establish you as a level two users, thus lifting these limits and providing a lot more freedom when using the platform. The verification process requires users to provide Binance with:
First name
Last name
Gender
Country
Passport ID
Passport photo
Selfie with passport
With Level 2 verification, your daily withdrawal limit increases to 100 BTC.
Binance Competitions
A unique feature of Binance you will notice is that they regularly hold competitions with some amazing prizes. At the time of writing there are two ongoing competitions, Waves and Tron. The waves competition gives away 20,000 Waves to Traders based on how many trades they have made of this currency.
The other competition is for Tron (TRX) where participants have the chance to win a Maserati, Mercedes-Benz, Macbook Pro or iPhone X. Again, the winners are the people with the highest trading volume of this crypto currency pair.
Binance Security
While Binance is one of the newest cryptocurrency exchanges available on the market, it has quickly managed to attain a high level of trust from its users and the crypto currency community. Given its brief history, it is not surprising that Binance has not yet been hacked. The most obvious issue with this exchange is the fact it operates in China. The exchange fails to provide users with enough information on how the funds are being secured, yet we like to believe that security is taken seriously. Two-factor authentication is available and is always a nice sight.
Binance Customer Support
For an exchange to be successful, it requires a great customer support team, capable of answering all user questions and requests in a timely manner. While the support area on Binance could use a little work, the team is responsive and capable of offering professional aid to traders in need. Support tickets are submitted via an online form featured on the website, and responses are made via email. There is currently no live chat support, nor a phone number where customers can get in touch with the support team. Other than the CS team, Binance offers a couple of FAQs and articles meant to help users get accustomed to the exchange and the way it works.
Conclusion
Currently, the matching engine of the exchange is capable of processing approximately 1.4 million orders each second, hence making it one of the fastest exchanges available on the market. Additionally, the exchange works on all forms of devices, including web, Android, WeChat, and HTML5.
Non-English speakers will be happy to know that Binance offers multiple-language support in Chinese, English, Korean and Japanese. Based on everything that has been outlined so far, Binance is set to become one of the biggest exchanges in the world with great fees and awesome crypto currency support. We are happy to recommend Binance. https://www.binance.com/
Binance 9.5/10
Pros
Founded by industry veterans
Easy to Use
Low Fees
Good Support
Lots of Listings
Good Trading Interface
High Liquidity
Cons
This off-season was supposed to be the culmination of an arduous journey, the just reward for a season where Patty Mills became one of the league's best backup point guards and was a key contributor to the Spurs NBA championship. Mills was a free agent destined for a sizable pay raise, whether that was with the Spurs or not, remained to be seen.
Instead, it was revealed that a torn rotator cuff would see Mills out of basketball action for approximately seven months after surgery was required.
Photo Credit: George Serafim Patty Mills post surgery down at Footlocker in MelbournePhoto Credit: George Serafim
Just like that the market for the dynamic point guard had shrunk.
Supporters of Mills were faced with an intriguing paradox whereby they wanted Patty to cash in, earn a big paycheck and possibly a starting role. Yet there was a lingering suspicion that it was Gregg Popovich and the Spurs offensive system that allowed Mills to thrive as they did this season.
Wherever your allegiances lay, Mills deserved the opportunity to let the market set their value. In this current free agency climate, where shooting is at a premium, Jodie Meeks manages to land a three-year, $19 million dollar deal.
Mills was going to get paid!
To be fair, Patty still got their dues in landing a three-year, $12 million dollar deal with the Spurs. However, we will now never know what their true value was in the summer of 2014, nor may we ever know if Mills has what it takes to be a starting point guard in this league.
After a season in which they spent more time waving towels at the end of the bench than they did actually play, Patty Mills was determined to make the most of what could've been their last chance in the NBA. They worked hard in the off-season, completely changing their physique and subsequently impressing the Spurs coaching staff.
Their reward? They had the keys to the backup point guard position from day one.
The Spurs reward? They now possessed one of the league's most potent backup point guards.
Mills had suddenly transformed into a genuine two-way threat off the bench. They now possessed the requisite stamina to play with significant effort on both ends of the floor. Suddenly they were a defensive terror, hounding their man the full length of the court, using their lateral quickness to make up for their shortcomings (at barely six-feet tall, no pun intended), and generally wreaking havoc.
On the more glamorous end of the floor, Mills sought to further amplify and improve upon the offensive gifts that got them drafted in the first place. Mills combined devastating mid-range and perimeter shooting – 46.4% from the field and 42.5% from three – with a newly found off the dribble game. The Spurs began entrusting Mills in more pick and rolls – their trust was repaid in buckets.
Mills became an expert at navigating the pick and roll to find space for their jumper. Whether that was behind or inside the arc, it didn't seem to matter, Mills had complete confidence in their jump shot.
The beauty was defenders became so weary of their jump shot they were forced to compensate by playing Mills too tight. Already one of the fastest players in the league, a vastly improved handle allowed Patty to blow by defenders that played them too closely. The benefits of being the understudy to a perennial All-Star in Tony Parker were evidenced by the series of nifty hesitation dribbles, runners, floaters and layups Mills now uncorked to finish over taller defenders.
The Spurs offensive system, characterized by ball movement, constant motion and deft passing requires a level of selflessness and decision-making from its players. Mills success this season can be attributed to their ability to conform to the Spurs system. While their assist numbers won't turn many heads, Mills was always willing to swing the ball, find the open man and make the extra pass on time and on target.
In a career year, Mills averaged over ten points in less than twenty minutes per game.
In the biggest series of their career, the 2014 NBA Finals, Mills silenced any doubters that may have remained. In the Spurs five game rout of Miami, Mills replicated and eclipsed their season form in averaging 10.2 points per game on a simply ridiculous 56.5% from behind the arc. We now know this level of shooting was achieved in defiance of a rapidly deteriorating rotator cuff.
To shoot that well under those conditions cannot be understated.
And yet the Spurs were the only team willing to wait for Mills' shoulder to heal. An executive for an Eastern Conference team revealed they had prepared a lucrative, multi-year offer for Mills but it was pulled when news of their injury surfaced.
Such is the nature of the business.
At the end of the day, Mills and San Antonio is a match made in basketball heaven. After making the league minimum last season, Mills will now make roughly four million dollars per season. Let's not weep for Patty Mills.
However, it's hard to escape that enduring belief that the league's collective impatience meant many franchises missed out on a young talent who has finally found their feet in this league. The Spurs and Mills won't be left with any regrets, will your team?
Will franchises rue not making Patty Mills an offer? Do you wish your team had signed him? Let us know in the comments section.
Changes include quadrupling the time people must wait for citizenship, but will not now be debated in their current form
Peter Dutton's controversial citizenship bill has failed to pass the Senate, leaving the package dead in its current form.
The Turnbull government will now be forced to make significant amendments to the bill before restarting negotiations, after the immigration minister failed to meet a Senate-imposed deadline on Wednesday to bring the bill on for debate.
Greens vow to protect ABC from 'blatant ideological attack' – politics live Read more
Nick McKim, the Greens' citizenship spokesperson, hailed the bill's failure as a major win.
“Today, the people of Australia have shown what we can achieve when we stand together,” McKim said on Wednesday. “People who are working, studying and raising families in Australia can now get on with their lives and make choices about their future, after they were so unfairly put on hold for months.”
Dutton told the Australian that the government remained committed to its citizenship package but they would not say when it intended to try to get an overhauled package through parliament.
The Nick Xenophon Team last month derailed Dutton's attempt to enact their tough new citizenship laws, saying it could not support their package in its current form.
Among other components, NXT senators did not like the aspect of the bill that gives the immigration minister power to overrule decisions by the administrative appeals tribunal on citizenship matters.
After it became clear last month that Dutton's bill could not get through parliament as it stood, a majority of senators voted to give them until Wednesday to bring their citizenship package on for debate in the Senate. The Greens, whose motion it was, said they were tired of Dutton telling voters how crucial their bill was while simultaneously withholding it from the Senate so it couldn't be debated.
The bill did not make it to the Senate on Wednesday in time for debate, so was discharged from the notice paper.
Dutton conceded to their colleagues on Tuesday, in the Coalition party room, that they would now be willing to reduce the bill's English language test from level six (university standard) to level five.
Guardian Australia also understands their office has raised the prospect with crossbenchers of amending the retrospective elements of their bill that have caused consternation.
But those amendments will not be enough to persuade the Nick Xenophon Team to support their bill, nor the Greens or Labor.
Australian politicians' citizenship crisis – a brief history Read more
Dutton's office has approached key members of the NXT in the past few days to talk about possible amendments to their bill but it appears they have left it too late.
The component in the bill that gives Dutton the power to overrule decisions by the AAT does not appear to have figured in discussions with crossbenchers about possible amendments.
With the citizenship bill struck from the Senate notice paper, the government will have to move a motion to restore the bill to the notice paper, but the Senate will not support that. It means the Dutton will either have to dump their package completely or make substantial changes to get their bill through parliament again.
The bill, as it stood, would increase the waiting times for permanent residents before they could apply for citizenship (from one year to four years) and force new applicants to complete a tougher English-language test (and achieve a pass mark of 75%) equivalent to level six of the international English language testing system (IELTS).
It would also give Dutton the power to overrule decisions on citizenship applications by the AAT if they did not think the decisions were in the national interest, and give them power to decide whether or not the applicant had integrated into the Australian community.
The NXT senator Stirling Griff decided not to support the bill after weeks of public hearings, during which senators were warned repeatedly the legislation could deter people from applying for Australian citizenship.
Griff said it was clear the government's changes were an attempt “to fix problems that don't exist”.
“A number of the witnesses during the inquiry pretty much suggested the legislation was all about One Nation, about the Liberals cosying up to One Nation,” Griff said last month.
The Greens had not been contacted by Dutton's office in the past week. They expected the bill to be struck from the Senate notice paper on Wednesday evening.
Devils Third 3rd Military Gang Mercenary Competitive Sword Melee
The online multiplayer service for the Devil's Third game for the Wii U console has been discontinued as of December 28, 2016. For more detailed information, please read the full notification here.
From famed Ninja Gaiden designer Tomonobu Itagaki comes an east-meets-west blend of ninja-style melee combat and modern gunplay oozing with savage action. Wage fierce fortress combat in a unique clan-based online multiplayer mode. Or go it alone as Ivan, a brutal ex-mercenary, and survive their all-out war of vengeance… for a guitar.
The online Siege mode lets you create and manage your own clan to compete for power and influence. Customize fortresses to give your clan the advantage when defending against invaders. Or attack other clans' fortresses to conquer their territory and earn clan rewards, like new weapons, customizations, or fortress-building options.
There's also Drill mode, a combination of traditional and off-the-wall online multiplayer options ranging from free-for-all to team matchups, chicken collecting, and even fruit tossing. You can even earn customizable gear and equipment to create your own look and loadout.
Picture: Tri-County Jail (PD)
In an odd twist of events an Ohio man was arrested after a traffic stop on New Year's Day which lead an officer to uncover a slew of bombs, IED's, a remote detonator, and an AR-15 rifle.
Andrew Scott Boguslawski, 43, of Moores Hill, Indiana was stopped by Trooper W. Scott Davis on westbound I-70 on January 1st, 2014 for speeding, Trooper Davis asked Boguslawksi if they had any weapons in the car to which Boguslawski replied “No.” at that time Trooper Davis noticed a small caliber pistol tucked between Boguslawski's legs. Further investigation uncovered 58 small improvised initiators, 25 IED's, a medicine bottle weighing 1.5 lb's containing explosive materials, four incomplete improvised bombs, a remote detonator, and several loaded guns including an AR-15 rifle. Also in their possession were schematics for Muscatatuck Urban Training Center in which they were employed as a groundskeeper.
Boguslawski was trained as an Intelligence Analyst Specialist in the Army National Guard and held a Top Secret Clearance. Bogulawski has been in the Guard's medical discharge unit since November.
Boguslawski is currently residing at the Tri-County Regional Jail on a $1 million bond.
More about this story: (ed.)
WCPO
Business Insider
The Blaze
MSN
The post Ohio Man Arrested With Bombs and AR-15 Was Intel Analyst With Top Secret Clearance appeared first on disinformation.
Quotation Marks – the “Mark” of a good endorsement
I am not sure what small business owners think they accomplish putting phrases with quotation marks around them on their signs, but I always think it means someone said that phrase. Furthermore, I am instantly suspicious. For instance, my town has a pizza place with this on their sign in quotation marks:
“The best calzones in town.”
My mind being like it is, I thought there might be some review out in the world that said something like:
“These calzones caused significant intestinal distress. Projectile dysentery rocketed from my colon, producing a redish liquid that smelled of fetid puss, which is exactly what the original calzone tasted like. Only a goat missing their tongue who had a family history of mental retardation would think this was the best calzone in town.”
However, they only use the last part in their sign. Probably for brevity, but still it is misleading. Twitter | Facebook
13th Century Mongolian Shipwreck Found off Nagasaki
By MarEx 2011-10-24 16:03:55
Okinawa Prefecture's University of the Ryukyus has announced that large parts of a Mongolian ship presumed to have been part of a 13th century Yuan Dynasty-era invasion fleet has been discovered on the seafloor near Nagasaki. The find is the first intact wreck related to invasion attempts of Japan by the Mongolian ruler, Kublai Khan.
The archaeology team, headed by Yoshifumi Ikeda, found the near complete hull structure about 1-meter under the seabed, and about 20-25 meters beneath the ocean's surface off the Takashima Island in Matsuura Nagasaki. The discovery is so monumental because much of the hull has remained intact, including a 12-meter section of the keels with rows of planks attached to the keel, Ikeda reported. The vessel appears to be well preserved due to the cover of sand.
PHOTO: A painting of Shizu, better known as Kublai Khan, emperor of the Yuan Dynasty.
The team believes that the vessel wreckage will provide vital insights into the Khan-led Mongol attacks between 1274 and 1281, which had been mostly based on information gathered from drawings and documents, and not real artifacts.
Ikeda told reporters that they believe they will be able to understand more about 13th century shipbuilding skills, as well as trading situations of East Asia. Both sides of the keel were painted a whitish-gray color, and the planking was held together by nails. In addition to the hull with keel, they also found remains of the ship's rubs and bulkheads. Weaponry, bricks (used as ballast in ancient sailing), ink stones, and pottery dated to the Yuan Dynasty were also found with the ship's wreckage. The research team was able to link the wreck to the Yuan fleet because of these items, and because the structure bears a close resemblance to Chinese ships of that era.
PHOTO: Yuan Dynasty hand cannon.
Although items related to the ship have been found in previous expeditions, this is the first time in history that archaeologists have located such a large and well preserved invasion ship dating back to the 13th century.
The ship was located using ultrasonic equipment and is what the director of the Japan Society for Nautical Research is calling a “miracle” due to how much of the ship remains after sitting under the sea for so many centuries.
Ikeda said that they plan to expand their search efforts and hope to lift and restore the entire vessel, and Matsuura city officials hope that the discovery will turn the area into a tourist spot attracting visitors from all over the globe.
The vessel found is one of some 4,400 Mongolian fleet ships that sank off of the coast of Takashima during an ill-fated mission to occupy Japan.
Please note this show has moved to KCLSU on 30th March. Original tickets remain valid, or refunds are available from point of purchase.
Please note this is a 14+ show.
With their debut album "Serious About Men" on track to be the biggest selling Irish release this Christmas and new single Spoiling Ivan clocking up the views, the Rubberbandits have just announced a trio of live shows in Dublin, London and New York in the first week of March 2012. Mr. Chrome and Blindboy Boatclub with Dj Willie O'Deajay (He's not their father, he's their mothers boyfriend) return to London after their sell out earlier this year with a show at KOKO.
Coming off the back of new single “Black Man”, cult hit “Spastic Hawk” and “I Wanna Fight Your Father” ”, the Limerick duo launched their debut album earlier this month. A double-CD release packed with tracks old and new, prank phone calls and more, “Serious About Men” is everything you have come to expect from the Rubberbandits and then some. Having shot to worldwide fame in 2010, it's been a momentous year for the comedy hip-hop outfit. Blindboy Boat Club and Mr. Chrome became internet superstars after “Horse Outside” premiered on RTÉ's Republic of Telly and subsequently went viral (over 8 million views and counting!).
Critically acclaimed shows at Oxegen and Electric Picnic, storming uk festival appearances at Reading and Leeds combined with a sold out run of shows in New York combined with sell out shows all over Ireland to keep the bandit boys busy. Throw in filming a four part series and live show with MTV in the USA, an Ifta award and their Comedy Blaps filmed for Channel 4 with Father Ted's Declan Lowney on direction duty currently clocking up the views and it's clear there's no holding back the bandits for 2012.
Early gig offers - enjoy a drink on our roof terrace before the support band
£2.50 Specials…
Becks Vier 440ml
Bulmers Cider 440ml
House Wine 175ml
Vodka & Mix
From 7-8pm Monday to Thursday and from 5:30-9:30pm* Fridays (ticket holders only).
*if an early show is booked on a Friday the offer runs 7-8pm only.
Tickets for this event are available from the venue box office, and can be purchased at face value if payment is made in cash.
If you were lucky enough to secure a producer license in Washington state back in 2014, you may be reaping the benefits of that purchase. According to recent data released by the Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board, sales of cannabis concentrates have skyrocketed by over $140 million in just two and a half years.
In the first year of cannabis sales, Washington recorded a little more than $3.4 million in sales through 69,642 units sold.
Two years later, the state tallied a staggering $143.2 million in sales through 6.6 million units sold. These types of increases are seen across the board in Washington, as the state topped the $1 billion total sales mark last year.
In 2014, sales of infused edibles topped $2.2 million, with just over 73,000 units sold. Fast forward just two years and sales of edibles in Washington state topped $45.7 million, with more than 3.68 million units sold.
The LCB is still collecting the data for this year, but expect steady increases to continue, as the states cannabis retail sales continue to grow month-over-month.
Understanding Rabies Rabies — the word probably brings to mind an enraged animal frothing at the mouth. An encounter with an infected animal can result in a painful, life-threatening condition. According to the World Health Organization, up to 59,000 people worldwide die from rabies every year. Ninety-nine percent of them have been bitten by a rabid dog. However, the availability of vaccines for both animals and humans has led to a steep decline in rabies cases in the United States, where there are a year. Rabies is caused by a virus that affects the central nervous system, particularly causing inflammation in the brain. Domestic dogs, cats, and rabbits, and wild animals, such as skunks, raccoons, and bats, are able to transfer the virus to humans via bites and scratches. The key to fighting the virus is a quick response.
Recognizing the Symptoms of Rabies The period between the bite and the onset of symptoms is called the incubation period. It usually takes four to 12 weeks for a person to develop rabies symptoms once they're infected. However, incubation periods can also range from a few days to six years. The initial onset of rabies begins with flu-like symptoms, including: fever
muscle weakness
tingling You may also feel burning at the bite site. As the virus continues to attack the central nervous system, there are two different types of the disease that can develop. Furious Rabies Infected people who develop furious rabies will be hyperactive and excitable and may display erratic behavior. Other symptoms include: insomnia
anxiety
confusion
agitation
hallucinations
excess salivation
problems swallowing
fear of water Paralytic Rabies This form of rabies takes longer to set in, but the effects are just as severe. Infected people slowly become paralyzed, will eventually slip into a coma, and die. According to the World Health Organization, 30 percent of rabies cases are paralytic.
How Do People Catch Rabies? Animals with rabies transfer the virus to other animals and to people via saliva following a bite or via a scratch. However, any contact with the mucous membranes or an open wound can also spread the virus. The transmission of this virus is considered to be exclusively from animal to animal and animal to human. While human-to-human transmission of the virus is extremely rare, there have been a handful of cases reported following transplantation of corneas. For humans who contract rabies, a bite from an unvaccinated dog is by far the most common culprit. Once a person has been bitten, the virus spreads through their nerves to the brain. It's important to note that bites or scratches on the head and neck are thought to speed up the brain and spinal cord involvement because of the location of the initial trauma. If you're bitten on the neck, seek help as soon as possible. Following a bite, the rabies virus spreads by way of the nerve cells to the brain. Once in the brain, the virus multiplies rapidly. This activity causes severe inflammation of the brain and spinal cord after which the person deteriorates rapidly and dies. Animals that Can Spread Rabies Both wild and domesticated animals can spread the rabies virus. The following animals are the main sources of rabies infection in humans: dogs
bats
ferrets
cats
cows
goats
horses
rabbits
beavers
coyotes
foxes
monkeys
raccoons
skunks
woodchucks
Who Is at Risk of Contracting Rabies? For most people, the risk of contracting rabies is relatively low. However, there are certain situations that may put you at a higher risk. These include: living in an area that is populated by bats
traveling to developing countries
living in a rural area where there is greater exposure to wild animals and little or no access to vaccines and immunoglobulin preventive therapy
frequent camping and exposure to wild animals
being under the age of 15 (rabies is most common in this age group) Although dogs are responsible for most rabies cases worldwide, bats are the cause of most rabies deaths in the Americas.
How Do Doctors Diagnose Rabies? There is no test to detect the early stages of rabies infection. After the onset of symptoms, a blood or tissue test will help a doctor determine whether you have the disease. If you have been bitten by a wild animal, doctors will typically administer a preventive shot of rabies vaccine to stop the infection before symptoms set in.
Can Rabies Be Cured? After being exposed to the rabies virus, you can have a series of injections to prevent an infection from setting in. Rabies immunoglobulin, which gives you an immediate dose of rabies antibodies to fight the infection, helps to prevent the virus from getting a foothold. Then, getting the rabies vaccine is the key to avoiding the disease. The rabies vaccine is given in a series of five shots over 14 days. Animal control will probably try to find the animal that bit you so that it can be tested for rabies. If the animal isn't rabid, you can avoid the large round of rabies shots. However, if the animal can't be found, the safest course of action is to take the preventive shots. Getting a rabies vaccination as soon as possible after an animal bite is the best way to prevent the infection. Doctors will treat your wound by washing it for at least 15 minutes with soap and water, detergent, or iodine. Then, they'll give you the rabies immunoglobin and you'll start the round of injections for the rabies vaccine. This protocol is known as “post-exposure prophylaxis.” Side Effects of Rabies Treatment The rabies vaccine and immunoglobulin can very rarely cause some side effects, including: pain, swelling, or itching at the injection site
headache
nausea
stomach pain
muscle aches
dizziness
The InHealth Community Wellness Clinic was recently honored in Menomonee Falls, WI. by the Wisconsin Free And Charitable Clinics Association (WFCCA) for being the first Clinic in the State and Nation to have achieved the Silver Seal of Excellence of the new Standards.
This accomplishment represents a one year effort compiling data and perfecting services from our 10 years of service to the uninsured of Grant and Crawford Counties in Wisconsin. We are proud to join the Muslim Community and Health Center of Milwaukee who finished their Gold Standards just before the conference. This was an amazing two year effort for them.
Next year WE go for the GOLD!
It is important to note that only 10 States in the Nation have these Standards and Wisconsin's Standards of Excellence have recently been recognized and adopted by the National Free Clinic Association as the Nation's highest Standards, an AMAZING accomplishment for the WAFCC.
As wonderful as the Affordable Care Act has been for millions of previously uninsured Americans, I'm not breaking any news by observing that it's a tremendously complicated set of laws aimed at reforming an insanely complicated insurance industry. The wonky nature of the law is perhaps the biggest advantage the Republicans will have when it comes to repealing and replacing it next year.
Few A-list pundits and even fewer lawmakers can adequately talk about what's in Obamacare. (You might recall how the president-elect described part of the law as covering "kids who live with their parents," which actually isn't part of the law.)
Advertisement:
Likewise, few pundits and lawmakers understand how treacherous it will be to destroy the ACA and voters themselves understand even less. This dynamic has created a huge loophole through which the GOP has relentlessly injected misinformation and outright lies. Again, the more complicated the law happens to be, the easier it is to confuse and mislead voters.
For example, House Speaker Paul Ryan and the congressional Republicans, not to mention 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney, continuously screeched about how the ACA had ruined Medicare. That's completely untrue. The ACA extended the solvency of Medicare by 11 years, while trimming billions in waste, fraud and abuse. The ACA also phases out the Medicare Part-D "doughnut hole" — the coverage gap whereby elderly Americans previously were forced to pay for meds out of pocket or go without. But the relationship between Medicare and Obamacare is complicated, so it's easy for Ryan and others to engage in demagoguery.
Here are a few more things you won't hear Republicans talking about anytime soon.
The ACA is much more than just the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. There's the ACA law, of course, but there's also another separate law that amended the ACA. Known as the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, this second ACA-related law contains all of the budget-related measures linked to Obamacare, including the individual mandate, the Medicaid expansion, the federal subsidies for lower-income Americans, the asupervisorstioned closure of the "doughnut hole," a Medicare tax increase on Americans earning more than $250,000 and so on.
Things become more complicated when we discover that the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act was attached to the 2010 health care reconciliation act as a rider. This third piece of the ACA puzzle included major student-loan reforms, including the expansion of Pell grants as well as the implementation of President Barack Obama's plan for eliminating private banks from the federal student aid program, effectively reducing student loan debt while also cutting the deficit by billions.
That's certainly a mouthful. But all that stuff is part of the package collectively known as Obamacare, and the GOP is ready to kill it all. They'll start with the 2010 health care reconciliation act because they have the votes. Every single reform you just read about in the previous paragraph (and more) will likely be repealed by the next Congress. To do so, the GOP needs only 51 votes in the Senate due to a rule that allows for a majority "reconciliation" vote on budget-related bills. The Senate Democrats can't filibuster a repeal of the 2010 health care reconciliation act and they lack the votes to block the reconciliation process unless a few Republicans flip sides and join them.
Advertisement:
In any case, the GOP needs only 51 votes in the Senate to repeal the mandate, the subsidies, the closing of the doughnut hole, the Medicaid expansion and all those tasty student loan reforms. Any "Never Hillary" millennials who voted for Jill Stein or stayed home because Clinton didn't adequately adopt Bernie Sanders' debt-free college plan should be especially alarmed by this news. So should be elderly Americans, who'll have no choice but to endure a grand reopening of the doughnut hole, forcing them to go without medication or to pay out of pocket for a month or two each year. Again, this is the part of the bill that the GOP will be able to easily repeal. And they will.
On top of all that, a 51-vote repeal of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 will also include a huge tax break for wealthy earners. When we say "huge," we mean it. Scrapping this act will result in a $346 billion tax cut over 10 years for families earning more than $250,000. That's great news for rich people, but horrible news for the rest of us.
Making matters worse, repealing the 2010 health care reconciliation act — or doing away with it along with its sister-law, the ACA — could strip as many as 37 million Americans of their health care coverage. Let's do the numbers. There are about 12.5 million adults with coverage through the ACA, with another 18 million people covered under the Medicaid expansion, along with young people and kids who are covered under their parents' plans or via the Children's Health Insurance Program, which Obamacare expanded with greater benefits. Furthermore, if Republicans haphazardly repeal the law, it could destabilize the health insurance industry, forcing insurers to abandon the individual marketplace and retreating to strictly group plans.
We haven't even mentioned all the known knowns in a repeal process. We know that the Republicans don't have a viable replacement plan for Obamacare. We also know that Democrats will filibuster a repeal of the ACA law, which they have enough votes to do. But the structure of the law can't hold up for long if it's missing the financial elements contained in the reconciliation act. The upshot will be mayhem and, as time rolls on, a lot of uninsured sick or injured people whose health care will be stripped away from them, thanks to greedy and vindictive Trump supporters who have been brainwashed by a superficial horse-race news media and a lying GOP into thinking the ACA is a disaster.
Advertisement:
Weirdly, a large majority of Americans love the individual parts of the ACA, but many cringes when they hear the portmanteau "Obamacare." Hence, the repeal is more about sticking it to Obama than anything else. Sadly, tens of millions of Americans will lose their health care simply because Trump voters yearned for Obama payback. It's difficult to describe how tragic that is. Rank ignorance could rewind the clock to a time when thousands of Americans died every month because they lacked health insurance.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is an angry man. They hate the idea of legalized marijuana and would prefer everyone in America suffered collective amnesia and forgot that medical cannabis is a thing for 85 percent of the countrys citizens.
But it appears they realize that even with the DEA at their command, they cant do anything about itand oh, does this make them so mad.
A series of fits of pique, the impotent outbursts of a frustrated man, would be the best way to explain Sessionss recent emissions on the subject of marijuana. On Wednesday, speaking to law enforcement officials in Richmond, Virginia, Sessions added to their pile of recent gems by contradicting what their own DEA said two years ago and insisting, without a shred of evidence, that marijuana and heroin are virtual equal evils.
In a Richmond speech today, heres what Sessions had to say about marijuana and opioids: https://t.co/WilvZToJqFpic.twitter.com/psFiIdSRmd Mike Riggs (@MikeRiggs) March 15, 2017
Heres Sessionss full remarks, via the Washington Post:
I reject the idea that America will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store. And I am astonished to hear people suggest that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana so people can trade one life-wrecking dependency for another thats only slightly less awful. Our nation needs to say clearly once again that using drugs will destroy your life.
As the Post pointed out, this contradicts what DEA Administrator Chuck Rosenberg said two years ago when they copped to the obvious and said cannabis is less harmful than heroin.
In a country where opiate overdoses kill 13,000 people a year and marijuana overdoses kill no one, Rosenbergs is hardly a bold statement.
Yet Sessions has clung for dear life onto the antiquated notion, last taken seriously sometime in the Nixon administration by people who hadnt left the house in decades, that cannabis is wholly harmful. A few weeks ago, Sessions posited that legalized marijuana is creating violence in the Midwest. Thats less crazy than what they said Wednesday, but only marginally.
Maybe Sessions read the tragic story of Becky, the happy, popular girl who snorted a marijuana at a party and died instantly. Wil Wheaton (@wilw) March 15, 2017
Whats up with Jeff Sessions?
We have a theory. Hes acting out because they have realized hes powerless to do anything about legalized marijuana and has reached the step where they are forced to admit it to himself. Because, within minutes of the above declaration, Sessions said that they wont be able to use the Justice Department to shut down Americas burgeoning marijuana movementand that the hands-off approach taken by Barack Obamas Justice Department is valid.
As Tom Angell of Massroots first reported:
The Cole Memorandum set up some policies under President Obamas Department of Justice about how cases should be selected in those states and what would be appropriate for federal prosecution, much of which I think is valid, Sessions said in a question-and-answer session with reporters on Wednesday following a speech in Richmond, Virginia.
Sessions added that they may have some different ideas myself in addition to that but indicated that the federal government would not be able to enforce its remaining marijuana prohibition laws across the board in states with legalization.
Essentially were not able to go into a state and pick up the work that the police and sheriffs have been doing for decades, they said.
Hes lost! They admitted to it. Richmond has fallen, General Lee has surrendered to Grant at Appomattox. The war is over yet heres Jeff, still in uniform, still barking orders, as if the first shots of Bull Run hadnt been fired before we were all born.
At this stage, its worthwhile for everyone to take a step back and askwhy? Why does Sessions persist on this tired old line of thinking, which is scientifically unsound to start with, but also politically damaging?
Jeff Sessions could be taking a page from their bosss book of artsy dealmaking, and using their bully pulpit to spout off about the things that irk him. Sessions may also be venting ahead of a string of meetings where peoplepolice officers, even; important ones!will be telling them things that they dont want to hear.
Such as, legal marijuana hasnt caused crime, has created tax revenue cops can share and is not in fact sold on every corner in any city in any place in America. On Thursday or Friday, Sessions is scheduled to have face-to-face time with Chicago police Chief Eddie Johnson and other big-city chiefs of police, the Sun-Times reported.
And ...
Texans' Tom Savage: 'I played like crap'
Tom Savage was disgusted with himself, extremely frustrated with a litany of errant throws that sailed out of bounds past the grasp of wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins and with squandering a prime opportunity to win the game.
Thrust back into the starting lineup because of the season-ending knee injury suffered by rookie sensation Deshaun Watson, the Texans' veteran quarterback was unable to capitalize on this second chance. They delivered three consecutive incompletions at the Indianapolis Colts' 7-yard line during the final minute before being sacked and fumbling on the final play of a demoralizing 20-14 defeat Sunday at NRG Stadium.
Standing at the podium afterward, Savage was in no mood to hear excuses or rationalizations about rust accumulated during the past six games while watching Watson operate a cutting-edge, creative offense that ranked first in the NFL in scoring during their electrifying run before tearing their anterior cruciate ligament Thursday.
This was brutal truth time for Savage as they acknowledged how their inaccuracy ultimately cost the Texans the ballgame as they fell to 3-5 midway through the season. Savage completed just 19 of 44 passes for 219 yards, one touchdown and no interceptions for a 66.4 passer rating.
"It's probably the most frustrating game of my life," Savage said following their fourth career start. "It's just one of those deals that I just wasn't making the throws and guys were open. I'm not going to give you the politically correct answer and say like blah blah blah we can get better. No, I have to make the throws. I played like crap. That's what it is."
With Savage back under center, the Texans' offense regressed from a blend of hybrid read option concepts and pro-style schemes under the dynamic Watson, a Rookie of the Year and Pro Bowl candidate who scored 21 total touchdown passes, into a traditional attack built around a much less mobile pocket passer. Savage simply didn't play fast enough or well enough to win the game. The Texans had set a franchise record in their previous five games by scoring 30 or more points each week.
Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage (3) fumbles as they are hit by Indianapolis Colts outside linebacker Jabaal Sheard on the final play of the fourth quarter of an NFL football game at NRG Stadium on Sunday, Nov. 5, 2017, in Houston. less Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage (3) fumbles as they are hit by Indianapolis Colts outside linebacker Jabaal Sheard on the final play of the fourth quarter of an NFL football game at NRG Stadium on Sunday, ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 130 Caption Close Texans' Tom Savage: 'I played like crap' 1 / 130 Back to Gallery
"It got better as the game went along, but it wasn't good enough," Texans coach Bill O'Brien said of Savage. "We have to coach, we have to play better."
Savage did throw their first NFL regular-season touchdown pass, but that didn't happen until the fourth quarter when they connected with Hopkins for a 34-yard scoring toss. They completed just 43 percent of their throws. During the final drive, Savage was incomplete to wide receiver Bruce Ellington to the left, incomplete to tight end Stephen Anderson to the right and incomplete to Hopkins over the middle before being sacked by Jabaal Sheard with Barkevious Mingo recovering the football.
"Listen the throws out of bounds, that's frustrating for a quarterback, because you know you can make the throw," Savage said. "There are times where it's my guy, no guy type of throw and throwing to 'Hop' high and away from the safety. Just got to keep the ball in bounds and know I'm going to make plays. It's not my game, never has been my game, of chucking the ball five yards out of bounds. That's where the frustration comes from, because I know I'm better than that."
For the most part, though, Savage was ineffective while targeting Hopkins or wide receiver Will Fuller. They completed just 6 of 16 passes for 86 yards throwing in Hopkins' direction. Savage was 2 of 8 for 32 yards throwing to Fuller.
Savage missed an open Fuller while trying to get the football to Hopkins.
Savage was only sacked twice against the Colts, the NFL's 31st-ranked defense after being sacked six times in one half in a season-opening loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars before being replaced at halftime by Watson.
Was their inactivity a factor?
"I don't know if it was difficult," Savage said. "I just didn't make the throws to win the game. I don't think confidence was ever an issue and never will be an issue for me. We were moving the ball. We went down there.
"Obviously, you don't want to be in the fourth-down situation. I could probably do a better job of stepping up in the pocket instead of taking a strip sack. Ultimately I was going to 10 (Hopkins). It's just frustrating."
By halftime, Savage had completed just 7 of 19 passes for 76 yards. They were 4 for 12 in the first quarter for 34 yards. The former fourth-round draft pick from Pitt finally heated up in the fourth quarter and nearly led the Texans to a comeback, but it was a case of too little, too late.
"Well, it showed we can move the ball," Hopkins said. "We just have to do it more consistent, come out and start fresh and not wait until late to pick things up."
Now, the Texans are in serious jeopardy of not winning the AFC South division title for the third year in a row. In order to be competitive, they'll need Savage to dramatically upgrade their accuracy and playmaking skills.
"The team and where they're at mentally is not an issue," Savage said. "It never will be here, that is the kind of culture that we have. It's just about holding yourself accountable and knowing when you need to pick it up. I need to pick it up."
DETROIT, MI - NOVEMBER 25: Warren Buffett, Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway and Co-Chairman of Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Program, attends a press conference where it was announced that Detroit was named the 11th city to be included in the $500 million Goldman Sachs initiative November 26, 2013 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. Under the program, small businesses in Michigan will be eligible to receive $20 million in loans. The initiative was designed to help small business entrepreneurs create jobs and grow their businesses.(Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- House Republicans are set to deliver a major favor to Warren Buffett next week, days after a devastating expose detailed consumer abuses in their corporate empire. And many Democrats seem willing to help the world's third-richest person extract additional profit from the poor.
Buffett is the most dominant player in the mobile home business. As chairperson and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, they control Clayton Homes, the largest U.S. mobile home manufacturer, as well as the two biggest mobile home lenders -- 21st Mortgage Corp. and Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance. Last week, The Seattle Times and The Center For Public Integrity reported that Buffett's empire relies on predatory practices that trick and trap borrowers into taking on doomed, expensive loans.
Neither Berkshire nor Clayton responded to requests for comment for this article.
The mobile home business, also known as the manufactured housing industry, relies on a business model similar to the subprime lending strategy. About 84 percent of the industry's customers make less than the U.S. median household income, according to the Manufactured Housing Institute, a trade group. And like subprime mortgages, lenders charge borrowers with low credit scores and low incomes higher interest rates, ostensibly to protect themselves from increased risks of default.
The subprime housing loan saga ended in a systemic calamity for the global economy. In response, Congress packed stronger consumer protections into the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law.
The deregulation bill that House Republicans and some Democratic allies will push through next week almost certainly won't result in a systemic crash. But by eliminating protections for many high-cost mobile home loans, it will help protect Buffett and other mobile home lenders from federal penalties if they take advantage of poor borrowers. Americans for Financial Reform, the Consumer Federation of America, and many community organizations oppose the bill.
"Why would we allow the government to say we're going to give the industry legal immunity for the highest-cost loans on the market that are going to the people who can least afford it?" asked Gary Kalman, executive vice president of the Center for Responsible Lending.
Key Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee said they're concerned, although they did not single out Buffett or Clayton.
"There is a long, painful history of some manufactured homeowners facing a broken and predatory financing system," Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) told HuffPost. "Instead of building wealth, manufactured homeowners see their wealth stripped away through poor-quality loans with high fees and interest rates. If there are problems with the market, the manufactured housing industry should provide public evidence that supports their argument that it should be easier to charge manufactured homebuyers more for a loan."
As soon as Tuesday, the House will likely vote on a bill that would extend government protections to lenders who charge up to 10 percentage points above the prime lending rate on mobile home purchases. At recent interest rates, mobile home lenders could charge about 13 percent, while conventional mortgages are available for less than 4 percent.
High-cost loans are dangerous, and lenders who make them can face harsh financial penalties if they fail to make proper disclosures or avoid predatory features. Those penalties can include the cancelation of the loan and other fines that companies generally do not want to risk. Under Dodd-Frank, if a borrower sues a firm for predatory lending, the lender gets the benefit of the doubt in court -- so long as the loan meets specific consumer protection standards. For mobile home loans, the interest rate on the loan cannot exceed 8.5 percentage points above the prime rate. The bill pending in the House would raise that to 10 points, and effectively exempt mobile home sales agents from rules intended to ban kickbacks to loan officers that steer borrowers into expensive loans.
The standards for mobile home loans are already much looser than those for traditional mortgages. Since the loans for mobile homes are generally much smaller than those for other houses, lenders say they have to be allowed to charge higher interest rates to secure a reasonable profit and cope with a higher volume of defaults. When the Dodd-Frank rules took effect in January 2014, the mobile home industry insisted that the government was ravaging the industry and restricting loans to poor people.
But Buffett's empire, at least, seems to be doing just fine. Clayton earned $558 million last year, according to Berkshire's annual filing with the Securities Exchange Commission, up from $416 million in 2013, as its home sales climbed to 30,871 from 29,547.
Last year, when a similar bill came up in the House Financial Services Committee, Ellison proposed an amendment that would have required the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to study access to credit in the mobile home industry. Republicans shot it down.
"The industry will only provide data if I promise to keep it confidential," Ellison told HuffPost. "The American people deserve empirical evidence."
Nevertheless, 10 Democrats on the Financial Services Committee voted in favor of the bill during a markup hearing in late March: Reps. Brad Sherman (Calif.), Gregory Meeks (N.Y.), William Lacy Clay (Mo.), David Scott (Ga.), John Carney (Del.), Terri Sewell (Ala.), Patrick Murphy (Fla.), John Delaney (Md.), Kyrsten Sinema (Ariz.) and Joyce Beatty (Ohio). All of the panel's Republicans supported the measure.
When my friend and fellow nonbeliever Greta Christina wrote their recent book Coming Out Atheist: How to Do It, How to Help Each Other, and Why, they noticed a common theme among the more than 400 stories they collected: The subject of death came up a lot.
"When atheists come out (to Christians, anyway), the first reaction is often about hell," Christina told me. "Sometimes it's manipulative or hostile, an attempt to scare atheists back into belief. More often, though, it's genuine concern or fear—they sincerely believe atheists will burn in hell, and they don't want that to happen to the people they love."
A new study by Corey Cook, titled "What if They're Right About the Afterlife? Evidence of the Role of Existential Threat on Anti-Atheist Prejudice," sheds some light on the phenomenon Christina noticed. Cook, a social psychologist at the University of Washington, told me that while the well-documented mistrust of atheists shows up in the polls over the years, there's not much literature on why atheists are perceived the way they are by religious believers in America.
When participants thought about atheism, it actually activated concern about death to the same extent as actually thinking about death.
Cook's study lays out a hypothesis that they call "terror-management theory." The idea is that the awareness of death can make people terrified, but those fears are assuaged by the cultural sense that we are each a meaningful part of the universe. Anti-atheism, then, comes "in part from the existential threat posed by conflicting worldview beliefs."
"What we found is that when participants thought about atheism, it actually activated concern about death to the same extent as actually thinking about death," Cook told me.
As an atheist myself, I put it to Cook that maybe getting people to ponder their mortality in a nonthreatening way wasn't as dire as terror-management theory made it sound. Cook agreed with me in part and responded that thinking about death in a conscious way "can increase your appreciation for things" and "can be a great thing," adding that there are 30 years of research to back this up. However, "there are different responses when we think about death consciously and unconsciously."
Cook's study looked more at the unconscious side of things. They did this by using two different experiments conducted with students at the College of Staten Island, which they told me was chosen in part due to the diverse makeup of its student population.
In the first experiment, comprising 236 students (172 female, 64 male, most of them Christian), participants were asked to write down " what you think will happen physically when you die" and then "describe the emotions that the thought of your own death arouses in you." Then they were asked their feelings about either atheists or Quakers, including rating their trustworthiness.
The second experiment asked 174 students to either describe the emotions they felt toward their own death or "write down, as specifically as you can, what atheism means to you." Then students completed a set of word fragments, which could be either read as neutral words ("skill") or death-related words ("skull").
Related: VICE meets euthanasia advocate Dr. Philip Nitschke, the world's first physician to administer a legal, lethal injection in Northern Australia.
Cook's experiments were more specific than just talking about death. They made it more salient. And according to terror-management theory, when that happens, "people start to care about people who buffer or support their worldview and you actually start to see increased derogation against people who believe differently about the world. When suddenly your values matter more to you, that's an unconscious thing—you're not realizing that they matter more than they did a couple minutes ago."
Interestingly, the atheists in their study weren't immune to this. "We found the effect even if we included atheists in our study. Because as an atheist, you have to confront that 'Wait a minute, what is going to happen?' Atheism increases thoughts of death even for atheists."
Photo by Flickr user Ben Francis
Clearly, this struck a nerve. I asked Gary Laderman, professor of American Religious History and Cultures at Emory University and the author on two books on death in America, what they made of the study. They aren't surprised by this finding, although they seemed to place it within a broader context of people questioning closely-held religious beliefs about death. "The power of [religious] institutions and those traditional cultural authorities is really eroding in a lot of ways," they told me. "People are more willing to accept a variety of different possibilities about death. But one thing that most people don't want to confront is what we associate with atheism. The idea that there is nothing post-mortem. There is no transition to some other kind of life. So that's what it's interesting about the study: It's digging beyond the kind of theological obvious kinds of debates to these more existential, basic ideas about human life."
Ideas about how and when we die are also being challenged. When I spoke with Michelle Boorstein, the religion reporter for the Washington Post, they brought up the example of euthanasia. "I think as we have more conversation in our society about assisted suicide and the idea of people having some say over their own death, I think it just puts more public discussion about it out there. I mean, we don't talk about [death] much anyway."
Even though death is generally taboo, Americans are making efforts to reclaim it—largely based on secular ideals.
Boorstein believes it's possible that maybe all of those things will work in favor of a growing acceptance of atheism. "As you look at the percentages of people who are more in favor of assisted suicide and that sort of thing, that would sort of challenge this idea that 'Only God can decide when I go.' I think as you see people thinking more about what they want around end of life and ask why, that will [positively] affect people's attitudes towards atheists to the degree that they start to agree with them on these issues."
People of no religion (the Nones, as they're called) are the fastest growing segment of the American population—second only to Catholics and comprising a third of of adults under 30. To be clear, most of the Nones don't identify as atheists and many maintain supernatural beliefs, but what they don't have is a religious affiliation that rigidly informs how they practice burial rituals. Add to this the two-thirds of the American who support physician assisted suicide, and several states now enacting legislation to legalize the practice. Even though death is generally taboo, Americans are making efforts to reclaim it—largely based on secular ideals.
However, as Cook's study highlights, there is still a lot of defensiveness around the secular notion that death is the end, since most Americans still desire an afterlife. So how should atheists navigate the anxiety that the lack of an afterlife provokes in many people? One way is certainly the path chosen by Christopher Hitchens, who in their books and talks argued that the very notion of heaven was highly overrated. In 2010 and 2011, they wrote very honestly about their "year of living dyingly" in a series of articles for Vanity Fair after they were diagnosed with esophageal cancer. Influenced by their old friend Jessica Mitford's critique of the American funeral industry, Hitchens also donated their body to science and opted to not have a funeral—a principled stance that, in my view, deserved a bit more attention than it received.
Will more atheists follow Hitchens's example? I sure hope so. Death affects everyone, and we shouldn't shy away from engaging thoughtfully and openly with the topic. Will that expose some theological disagreements along the way? Absolutely. However, as adults—whether we are believers or not—we have to be able to look at the world around us and try to rationally evaluate the behavior of our fellow human beings. The fear that many religious people have that living the one life we have with no expectation of anything beyond that somehow leads to widespread immorality can be shown to be misplaced to those willing to accept it.
Follow Simon Davis on Twitter.
Michele Bachmann believes God is on their side today during the Iowa caucuses:
“I think we're going to surprise a lot of people,” said Bachmann, a Waterloo native and social conservative who is a U.S. representative from Minnesota. They serve on the House Intelligence Committee, which they think gives them an edge on national security and foreign policy issues. “I think it will be a miracle,” Bachmann said in an interview aboard their campaign bus. “If you look at the current polling data, I think we're going to see a miracle. I believe in miracles and the one who sends them, and so we are very confident about tomorrow.”
Funny. God told me she'd fall in a distant 5th…
Actually, God's calling Rick Perry:
During one speech last week, Perry implied, without quite saying as much, that they felt called by God to run for president. “I have basically been called to serve my country,” they said on Wednesday in Urbandale. “That's what this election is about. It is not about me. It is about this country.” They added: “Your country is calling you. At a matter of fact, your children are counting on you to answer the call. And the Lord said to the Prophet Isaiah, they said, ‘Who shall I send? Who will go for us? And Isaiah held their hand up and said, ‘Here I am. Send me.' Your country is calling you today. Your country is calling you to do your duty. And I would suggest and ask that you join me in this mission, that you hold up your hand and say, ‘Here I am.'”
That is, unless Newt Gingrich finally got ahold of Him:
“I pray before virtually every speech and virtually every major decision,” Gingrich said. “Callista is a cradle Catholic and grew up in the Catholic church, I'm a convert. But all I can tell you is I find taking communion an enormously rewarding and deepening experience,” Gingrich said.
Or maybe God's just spreading the Santorum love:
Surrounded by pastors and spiritual leaders on Sunday, Santorum said they were trying to “walk down a path that God is leading me.” “I figured if this is what they are calling me to do, then I just have to go out and work hard”…
This will all be hilarious if Ron Paul walks away with a victory today 🙂
If you want a perfect indication of how godly-thinking messes with any semblance of logic, just check out this passage:
At a Santorum event in Polk City on Monday, Vicki DeValois, a pre-school teacher, said they felt sure God cared who won the caucuses. “I think God definitely has a plan,” they said. “He has a plan for everybody and anything.” Dave, their husband, said they didn't think God cares about things like the outcome of NFL games, but that they did believe God had guidance to give on the caucus choice. “It may sound strange, but we pray and seek guidance on an issue like that,” they said. But if God really had a preference, why wouldn't they make it unmistakably clear? “Maybe it is as simply as God saying, ‘I'm not going to make it that simple,'” they suggested.
Or, you know, maybe your god doesn't exist and you're just gonna vote for whomever you'd like.
If Iowa Caucus voters were intelligent, they would realize that these candidates are just trying to pander to them. They know if they say the magical G-word, voters will flock to them. Don't reward them with your votes. Call them out on it instead. Cast your votes in another direction.
Better yet, everyone just votes for Rick Santorum. They would get crushed so badly in a general election — even in America — that I'm actively rooting for them today.
BERLIN — The bicentennial of the birth of Karl Marx was supposed to bring their hometown, Trier, Germany, an important exhibition about their life and an increase in tourism.
But an offer from China to present the city with a nearly 20-foot-tall bronze statue of Marx, the 19th-century intellectual who was one of the writers of “The Communist Manifesto,” is overshadowing the festivities a year before they begin.
After months of discussion and more than an hour of lively debate, the City Council in Trier, in western Germany near the border with Luxembourg, decided on Monday to accept the gift from the Chinese government, by the sculptor Wu Weishan. However, the Council left open the thorny questions of how large it would be and where in the city it would stand.
“Karl Marx is one of the most important citizens of this city, and we should not hide him,” the mayor of Trier, Wolfram Leibe, told the public broadcaster SWR before the vote.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says their side is not ready to compete in Europe despite its derby win.
Pep Guardiola has claimed Manchester City is not ready to compete against the best sides in Europe, despite extending its winning start to the Premier League campaign with a 2-1 derby victory over Jose Mourinho's Manchester United.
Guardiola saw their team dominate in the first half at Old Trafford on Saturday, with Kevin De Bruyne and Kelechi Iheanacho giving the visitors a two-goal lead before United pulled one back through Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
And though United piled on the pressure after the interval, City — which now sits three points clear at the top of the Premier League — held firm to seal the spoils.
But Guardiola has claimed their players have to learn to make the most of their domination if they are to stand a chance against Europe's elite.
"In Bucharest we played at that level for 90 minutes. Against West Ham we played at the level in the first half. And same again today, we played really well in the first half, against a better level of player," said Guardiola, whose City side has been drawn against their former club Barcelona, as well as Celtic and Borussia Monchengladbach, in Group C of this season's Champions League.
"But I think if you ask me if we are ready to compete in Europe, then we are not ready. We are playing well but we need more in the forward areas. Until now in the Premier League we have been OK, but we are not ready to go against the best teams in Europe. But we have just two months together so we have time to get better.
"Especially today, in the final moments though we just missed the last pass, and then in the second half United made the changes and it was difficult for us. But when we did win the ball we had the chance for the counterattacks, and we had many, but we just didn't finish. So until we start to finish we will suffer."
Guardiola was also quizzed on their relationship with United manager Mourinho, but the former Bayern Munich boss was quick to play down the rivalry.
"It's not the first time I play against a Mourinho team," they said. "As soon as you lose the ball it is difficult, and especially with players like [Marcus] Rashford and [Anthony] Martial on the counterattack.
"I respect them a lot. What happened has happened. I didn't come here for that rivalry. I want to win. They want to win. They have beat me and I have beat him. In the future I will beat them and they will beat me. It is simple. We are adults. Sometimes we do not agree but that is part of the game."
Tsangyang Gyatso (Tibetan: ཚངས་དབྱངས་རྒྱ་མཚོ, Wylie: tshangs-dbyangs rgya-mtsho, ZYPY: Cangyang Gyamco) (1 March 1683 – 15 November 1706) was the sixth Dalai Lama. They were a Monpa by ethnicity and was born at Urgelling Monastery, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Tawang, India[1] and not far from the large Tawang Monastery in the northwestern part of present-day Arunachal Pradesh.[2]
They had grown up a youth of high intelligence, liberal to a fault, fond of pleasure, alcohol and women,[3] and later led a playboy lifestyle. They disappeared near Qinghai, possibly murdered, on their way to Beijing in 1706. The 6th Dalai Lama composed poems and songs that have become popular not only in modern-day Tibet, but all across China.
Early life [ edit ]
Tsangyang was born on 1 March 1683 in Mon Tawang (in modern Arunachal Pradesh, India) to Lama Tashi Tenzin of Urgelling, a descendant of the treasure revealer Pema Lingpa, and Tsewang Lhamo, a Monpa girl hailing from a royal family of Bekhar Village.[4]
There are many stories about the life and death of Tsangyang Gyatso.
There are several legendary tales about the birth of Tsangyang. Apparently, Their mother, Tsewang, had experienced a few miracles prior to the birth of Tsangyang Gyamtso. One day, within the first month of their pregnancy, they were husking paddy in the stone mortar. To their surprise, water started accumulating in the mortar. On another occasion, when Tsewang drank water at a nearby place, milk started gushing out in place of water. Since then, this stream was known as Oma-Tsikang, literally known as milky water.
In the course of time, Tsewang gave birth to a boy who was named Sanje Tenzin, with Tsangyang's grandfather and Nawang Norbu with their father.[clarification needed] Due to this fact, legend said that they would not drink their mother's milk from the day after their birth. One day, when their face began to swell from an infection, Tsangyang could hardly open their eye, two local diviners were summoned. They prescribed purifactory rite and said that their name should be changed to Ngawang Gyamtso.
Their recovery was credited by the regent to the intervention of the Dalai Lama's own guardian deity, Dorje Dakpa. The grandfather dreamt that the child was constantly being protected by heavenly beings. The mother dreamt, as they took a rest from their weaving, that a great company had arrived to take them off. Their paternal grandmother dreamt of two suns shining in the sky.
Historical background [ edit ]
Although the 5th Dalai Lama had died in 1682, the Regent Desi Sangye Gyatso (Wylie: sangs rgyas rgya mtsho) kept their death a secret – partly to continue the stable administration, and partly to gain time for the completion of the Potala Palace. The monks concentrated their search to the region of Tibet to find the next incarnation, but later came to conclude that 6th Dalai Lama was born outside the Tibetan territory in a valley whose name ended with "ling". They searched all places ending with "ling", including three in Tawang – Urgyanling, Sangeling and Tsorgeling.
The Potala authorities took the Dalai Lama from their mother in 1697 from Urgyanling. The journey to Pota Lhasa from Tawang was 7 days, and they spend first night in Tsona (near Cuona Lake, China) where they slept with girls. Responding to the strict rules of the Tibetans, they constantly opposed laws which overruled him, and eventually became a drunk. After arriving to Tibet, Sangye Gyatso sent a delegation to the Kangxi Emperor of Qing China in 1697 to announce that the 5th Dalai Lama had died and the 6th had been discovered.[4]
The regent invited Lobsang Yeshe, 5th Panchen Lama to administer the vows of a śrāmaṇera (novice monk) on the young man at Nankartse and named them Tsang Gyatso. In October 1697, Tsangyang Gyatso was enthroned as the 6th Dalai Lama.[4]
In 1705 Lha-bzang Khan, a Mongol king, had the Regent, Sangye Gyatso, killed. This greatly upset the young Dalai Lama, who left their studies and even visited the 5th Panchen Lama in Shigatse to renounce their śrāmaṇera vows.[4]
Life as a Dalai Lama [ edit ]
As a Dalai Lama, Tsangyang had composed excellent works of songs and poems, but often went against the principles of the Gelug School of Tibetan Buddhism. For example, they decided to give getsul vows to Lobsang Yeshe, 5th Panchen Lama at eighteen instead of taking the full gelong vows normal for their age.
The Panchen Lama, who was the abbot of Tashilhunpo Monastery, and Prince Lhazang, the younger brother of the Po Gyalpo Wangyal, persuaded them not to do so.
Tsangyang Gyatso enjoyed a lifestyle that included drinking, the company of women and men, and writing love songs.[5][6] They visited the 5th Panchen Lama in Shigatse and, requesting their forgiveness, renounced the vows of a novice monk.[4] They ordered the building of the Tromzikhang palace in Barkhor, Lhasa.
Tsangyang Gyatso had always rejected life as a monk, although this did not mean the abdication of their position as the Dalai Lama. Wearing the clothes of a normal layperson and preferring to walk than to ride a horse or use the state palanquin, Tsangyang only kept the temporal prerogatives of the Dalai Lama. They also visited the parks and spent nights in the streets of Lhasa, drinking wine, singing songs and having amorous relations with girls. Tsangyang retreated to live in a tent in the park near the northern escarpment of Potala Palace. Tsangyang finally gave up their discourses in public parks and places in 1702, which they had been required to do as part of their training.
Capture and disappearance [ edit ]
Using the Dalai Lama's behaviour as an excuse and with the approval of their ally, China's Kangxi Emperor, Lha-bzang Khan, khan of the Khoshut, killed the regent and kidnapped the Sixth Dalai Lama.[7] On 28 June 1706, Lha-bzang Khan deposed Tsangyang; they later installed a 21-year-old lama, Ngawang Yeshey Gyatso, as the "true" 6th Dalai Lama in 1707, claiming that he, not Tsangyang, was the true rebirth of the 5th Dalai Lama. The Gelugpa dignitaries and the Tibetan people rejected Lha-bzang Khan's installation of Ngawang Yeshey Gyatso and continued to recognise Tsangyang's title.[7][8] However, Ngawang Yeshey Gyatso is considered by Tibetans to have been an incarnation of Avalokiteśvara.[9]
While being taken out of Tibet, Tsangyang composed a poem which some say foretold of their next birth. "White crane lend me your wings. I will not fly far. From Lithang I shall return."[citation needed][10] Tsangyang disappeared mysteriously near Qinghai on 15 November 1706, which is why there is no tomb for them in the Potala Palace.[11] Rumours persisted they had escaped and lived in secrecy somewhere between China and Mongolia.
The Tibetans appealed to the Dzungar people, who invaded Tibet and killed Lha-bzang Khan in late 1717.[7]
Tsangyang was succeeded by Kelsang Gyatso, who was born in Lithang, as the 7th Dalai Lama.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
[Bf-committers] Blender 2.8 planning notes 2017-07-24
Hi, meeting notes for today's Blender 2.8 planning. = Last Week = * Bastien: Some 2.79 release tasks, bug triaging and fixing, worked on whole static override/asset management, and talked to the guys at the studio about 2.8 projects etc! https://wiki.blender.org/index.php/User:Mont29/Foundation/2017#Week_201_-_07.2F15_to_07.2F21 * Campbell: Worked on Py-Manipulator FaceMap implementation, made working example using "Vincent" model (needs to make video demo), otherwise weekly log for details. http://download.blender.org/ftp/ideasman42/donelist/2017.html#week-331-july-17 * Clément: Worked on Screen Space Reflections all the week. More difficult than expected. But results are promising. Expect to merge it tomorrow morning. https://wiki.blender.org/index.php/User:Hypersomniac/Foundation/2017#Week_32:_17th_-_23rd_July * Luca: Finished the patch for passing the eval_ctx argument all around the code. https://wiki.blender.org/index.php/User:Lucarood/Weekly_Reports * Sergey: Continued worked on depsgraph Copy-On-Write, (Agent 327 walk cycle animation playback works in Clay and Eevee). https://wiki.blender.org/index.php/User:Nazg-gul/Foundation/2017#Week_294:_17th_-_23rd_July = This Week = * Bastien: Keep working on asset management. * Campbell: Improve face-map usability & general draw-manager optimizations. * Clément: Bugfix, optimization, and Refraction. * Luca: Works on replacing DerivedMesh in cloth. * Sergey: Focusing on making strong/stable SIGGRAPH demo of animation. Meeting agrees we don't like to do planning behind closed-doors and to to move future meetings into #blendercoders So others can more easily be involved in 2.8x development. -- - Campbell
As going green becomes more and more popular, it seems that everyone is jumping on the bandwagon. Consumers want more sustainable options for all their needs, and companies are beginning to listen. Or are they?
Maybe I'm just a little paranoid, but I don't tend to trust the megalithic corporations that have so much power and wealth today. So while I see many ad campaigns touting green promises and hear of many large corporations changing their ways, as much as I want to believe them, I have my doubts that many of these companies are truly committed to sustainability. The very nature of our economy leads companies to focus solely on profit and their own growth, at the expense of people and the environment.
Like it or not, we are a society dominated by corporate interests. Of the 100 largest economies, 51 are corporations; the other 49 are countries. Industry (and its lobbies) has an enormous sway on politics, public policy, the economy, our lives, and of course, the earth. As powerful forces in the world, companies are going to have to lead the shift to sustainability. Getting companies to do the right thing no matter what its effect on their bottom line is going to take a major paradigm shift. It's time for change, and we certainly can't count on the government to do anything very quickly, so we need business to lead the way.
As socially conscious business owners and ecopreneurs, we need to listen to Gandhi's famous words and “be the change we wish to see in the world.” It's time to take the reigns, define sustainability for our companies and boldly pursue it. We can set our own standards if we have to, and then go above and beyond them. We can bring ideas like true cost economics and the triple bottom line to the forefront of business thinking and practice. We can share sustainable ideas that have worked for us with other business owners. We can invest in making our businesses more sustainable and ethical, and we can find ways to make a living at the same time. We can support other sustainable businesses we believe in and purchase fair-trade, organic, sustainably made products. We can market our goods and services by telling the truth about being green, instead of greenwashing. We can run our businesses the way that all businesses should be run: with integrity, responsibility, human dignity, and sustainability.
We can change the world if only we believe that we can. And given the influence businesses have, it's up to us to create this change. I'm not just talking about switching to recycled office paper, although that's certainly a good start. The stakes are high and we need massive change to steer us on a path towards sustainability. We'll have to rethink the way we do business, change minds, and transform society's priorities. If anyone can pioneer this change, it's those with entrepreneurial spirit and good hearts.
Calling all conscious ecopreneurs: the time for change is now. It starts with us. Let's be the change.
Read more about sustainable business:
On Monday, President Obama presented their proposed budget for fiscal year 2013. It's going nowhere on Capitol Hill, legislators and political analysts agree.
What's more, Senate Democratic leaders show no intention of presenting their own budget proposals — or taking up any lobbed over from House Republicans.
Technically, they don't have to, Senate majority leader Harry Reid (D) of Nevada said on Feb. 3. They suggested that the terms of last summer's debt-ceiling agreement provide all the guidance that Congress needs for the coming fiscal year.
Indeed, with three mammoth spending measures — the Bush-tax cuts, the payroll-tax holiday, and automatic spending cuts triggered by the debt-ceiling deal—that must be settled by Dec. 31, most likely by the lame-duck session of Congress after the November elections, there is little appetite among members to expend political capital now on a budget.
The cost, say analysts, is that Congress is once again allowing the federal budget process to remain rudderless and lawmakers unaccountable as the nation lurches toward fiscal crisis.
“Congress is legally required to consider a budget resolution every year, but there's no penalty for not doing it, and no one has any standing to sue,” says Stan Collender, a longtime congressional budget analyst with Qorvis Communications in Washington.
Historically, the job of proposing and approving a budget has been a crucial one for the Congress.
While actual line-by-line spending decisions are made later, during the appropriations process, the budget is the one federal document that lays out a vision for the nation's finances. It is designed to be the moment when Congress takes a hard look at the books and makes sound plans for America's fiscal future.
The lack of a budget plan for the past three years has exacerbated America's fiscal problems because, for three years, Congress has not passed a roadmap to bring spiraling deficits under control.
Mr. Obama has made proposals that have been ignored. House Republicans actually passed a budget last year – the plan constructed by Rep. Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin that sought to rein in entitlements and bring down deficits. But it failed to pass the Senate, and Republicans took a huge political hit for the severity of Congressman Ryan's proposals.
Jeff Greene (born December 10, 1954) is an American real estate entrepreneur.  They are a member of the Democratic Party and was a candidate in the 2010 Senate election primaries in Florida.[2] They were a candidate in the 2018 Florida Gubernatorial election, but was eliminated in the primary, finishing in fourth place behind eventual nominee Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum, whom Greene later endorsed. [3]
Early life [ edit ]
Greene was born in 1954 in Worcester, Massachusetts to a working class Jewish family.[4] Their father ran a business selling textile mill machinery.[4] Their mother was a Hebrew school instructor who taught Greene to "save their pennies, look for value, and never pay retail."[4] They graduated from Doherty Memorial High School in Worcester[5] after their family moved to Florida in 1970 when their father lost their business, staying with their great-aunt while they finished school.[6][7] In Florida, their father worked refilling vending machines and their mother worked as a waiter.[8]
Greene worked many jobs to put themselves through college at Johns Hopkins University, graduating in three years with a B.A. in economics and sociology. Later they attended Harvard Business School, where they earned their Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree in 1977.[9] Greene lived in Southern California in the 1980s and 1990s and ran in the 1982 Republican primary for the 23rd Congressional District race. Greene lost the primary to David Armor who then lost to incumbent Democrat Anthony C. Beilenson.[10]
Career [ edit ]
Greene began investing in real estate while in business school, and built a successful real estate business from being a mere busboy at the Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach.[11] In mid-2006, Greene, worried about the possible collapse of the real estate market, spoke with John Paulson, a fellow investor who discussed with Greene their investing strategy. They agreed that the real estate market was unstable and a bubble might be forming in housing. After the meeting, Greene engaged in a similar investing strategy to that of Paulson, which involved a series of unconventional investments trading credit default swaps. The return on Greene's investments ultimately saved their business, and put them on Forbes 400 list.[9]
2010 US Senate campaign [ edit ]
On April 30, 2010, Greene announced their intention to run as a Democrat for the United States Senate seat held by George LeMieux, saying, "I am an outsider, the only candidate who isn't a career politician. I've succeeded in the real world of hard work – the others have only succeeded at running for political office after office."[12] Greene stated they would refuse campaign contributions from special interests, and would limit individual donations to $100.[13] Their platform focused on economic reforms and job creation.[13] Greene introduced their story and their campaign with a on YouTube. Greene's campaign was endorsed by the Tallahassee Democrat's editorial board. The board commended Greene for their "edge and an energy that make them want to push beyond the usual talking points", remarking, "we like the toughness they would bring to the office".[14]
Greene's attempt to win the Democratic nomination was, however, unsuccessful; Rep. Kendrick Meek won the primary election before losing to Republican Marco Rubio in the November general election.
Personal life [ edit ]
In 2007, Greene married Chinese Australian real estate executive Mei Sze Chan, who is twenty years their junior in age.[15][16] Chan was an ethnic Chinese refugee from Malaysia who first fled to Australia with their family before heading to New York City after college.[17] In 2009, they gave birth to their first child, Malcolm.[18] Greene and their wife now have three sons and live in Palm Beach.[19] Greene was quoted as saying, "I just wish I had met Mei Sze 20 years ago," at which time they would have been 12.[15][17]
In February 2011, Greene became a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[20]
A research team in Alaska has discovered a new species of duck-billed dinosaur that endured months of winter darkness and probably experienced snow. The researchers from Florida State University and the University of Alaska Fairbanks say the remote area they're exploring may hold many more dino-discoveries. (Florida State University/University of Alaska Fairbanks)
Paleontology can be pretty grueling work, especially if you want to study dinosaurs who could handle snow.
To get to the Prince Creek Formation of Alaska — an area rich with fossils of creatures who lived in the ancient Arctic — scientists have to wait for things to thaw. Then they have to come in on tiny bush planes and take inflatable boats down rivers plagued by crumbling cliffs. If they make it to the dig site without a plane crash or a cascade of boulders, they're in for freezing rain, snow and hordes of mosquitoes — not to mention bears, wolves and other dangerous predators.
Researchers spent a month at the dig site along the Colville River on Alaska's North Slope, which meant they experienced a wide variety of weather, including snow. (Greg Erickson)
They endure all this for a single month of field work. It would be a tad longer if not for falcon nesting season.
"The falcons do dive bomb us pretty frequently," Florida State University professor Greg Erickson told The Post.
But for Erickson and their colleagues, it's worth it. To them, this part of Alaska is the last frontier of dinosaur discovery. Along with Patrick Druckenmiller, earth sciences curator of the University of Alaska Museum of the North and associate professor of geology at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, Erickson has just announced the discovery of a new species of dinosaur found in the area.
[New York's Natural History Museum is getting a dinosaur so huge its head will peek into the next room]
But the duck-billed dino is even more exciting than your usual find. The dinosaur, which was previously believed to belong to a well-known species, was incredibly abundant around 70 million years ago. They've already found some 10,000 bones from the species.
A handful of bones from the new species. Over 10,000 bones from the creature have been found. (Pat Druckenmiller)
And that means that it thrived in an area that was — at least for a dinosaur — remarkably cold.
"It wasn't so long ago that the idea of dinosaurs living up in the polar world was kind of, you know, really? Are you kidding?" Druckenmiller said. We don't know a ton about how dinosaur metabolisms worked (in fact, debate over whether they were warm- or cold-blooded still rages), but most people think of them as fairly tropical creatures, like modern lizards.
It's an intriguing question, and one that's difficult to answer with bones alone: Did dinosaurs, like modern reptiles, need to bask in the sun and heat to survive? Or were they warm-blooded, like the birds that would become their only surviving descendants — able to survive in the cold and dark? Erickson and Druckenmiller's new species shows that the answer may be quite complicated.
The new species, called Ugrunaaluk kuukpikensis, is described in a study published Tuesday in Acta Palaeontologica Polonica. At 25 feet long, the plant eater looked very similar to Edmontosaurus, a duck-billed dinosaur frequently found in Alberta and Montana. But the abundant bones, which the researchers believe are gathered in one place because a herd of young dinosaurs were attacked, showed enough small differences to make them suspicious. Detailed analysis by Hirotsugu Mori, a former graduate student at UAF, helped confirm that this was a new creature.
[Scientists find a new dinosaur with well preserved, bird-like wings — but not for flight]
At the time that these dinosaurs lived, their region would have averaged temperatures in the low 40s. "By reptilian standards, that's pretty chilly," Druckenmiller said. So they and their colleagues believe that this species must have had special adaptations to live in the cold.
"These were dinosaurs living at the very edge of what we think dinosaurs were physiologically capable of," they said.
Greg Erickson repels down to the dig site on a rare sunny day. (Greg Erickson)
Erickson added that these extreme conditions created a sort of "natural laboratory." If the team can figure out how U. kuukpikensis was different from its close cousins in balmier regions, they might figure out how the new species managed to survive the cold.
[Dinosaurs aren't really extinct]
The researchers are particularly interested in looking at how quickly the new species grew, which could tell them whether it used an unusually slow metabolism to manage the cold. They can track growth rates by looking at lines of arrested growth in the dinosaur bones, which are basically the same as the rings in a tree.
In addition to cold and occasional snow, the dinosaurs also endured darkness: The region would have been dark for three to five months a year, and there's no sign that the dinosaurs migrated to get some sun. The researchers already have evidence of at least 13 species of dinosaurs taking up permanent residence in this inhospitable place, and they expect to find even more — including a few unknown species.
"It's intriguing for us to ponder how they survived those months of darkness," Erickson said. "We're just finding this whole new world of dinosaurs we didn't know existed."
Read More:
This is new, ‘complete' tree of life shows how 2.3 million species are related
Scientist discovers new dinosaur, sneaks marriage proposal into the study
First ever evidence of a swimming, shark-eating dinosaur
For the first time ever, a dinosaur fossil has been found in Washington state
‘Bizarre' giant sea scorpion may have been the world's first big predator
For more science news, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here.
Today's guest post comes from Ben Wright, a doctoral candidate at Rice University, who focuses on religious conversion and early American antislavery.  They are the co-editor of Apocalypse and the Millennium in the Era of the American Civil War (LSU, 2013), the editor of the Teaching United States History blog, and co-editor of The American Yawp.
Like many of you, I find myself teaching the first half of the U.S. history survey this fall. The first few times through the course, I used a textbook and appreciated the clear organizational structure and built-in pacing. Teaching with a textbook felt like teaching with training wheels, and I certainly needed them for my first few laps. But as my confidence grew, so did my desire to assign primary sources, articles, monographs, museum catalogs, and other readings. While I am impressed with the quality of many texts – Eric Foner's Give Me Liberty, and Kevin Schultz's HIST are among my favorites – I cannot justify assigning an (often outrageously) expensive textbook if it is not going to be the cornerstone of my course. But my course evaluations often include requests for textbooks, particularly among athletes or other students with serial absences. I have tried placing a textbook on reserve, but in the three semesters of doing so, no one has ever checked out the book. It seems like our discipline could use an affordable, synthetic safety net for students who would like one.
Enter The American Yawp, a free and online collaboratively built American history textbook. For the past several months, Joseph Locke and I, along with a team of collaborators, have been experimenting with different means of digital collaboration. We have weekly writing sessions where several contributors all jump into shared Google Docs and work to transform our lecture notes into prose and prose into coherent synthesis. Several contributors have taken to this curious writing experiment with great enthusiasm, finding it an energizing, dynamic experience, while others have been overwhelmed. Recently, we have been soliciting brief targeted excerpts from specialists that our editors have then begun integrating into the broader narrative. The overarching lesson of the project has been the essential importance of flexibility. Another, unexpected problem has emerged from the nature of the discipline. There are simply far more historians who study the twentieth century than there are historians who study early America. And indeed, our editorial team and list of contributors skews heavily toward the twentieth century. So I enclose the following call with the hope of convincing early Americanists to join our experiment as we democratize the American past for twenty-first century students.
Call for editors and contributors:
As technology advances and pedagogical trends move toward active-learning exercises, scholars are fleeing traditional textbooks. Yet many still yearn for the safe tether of a synthetic text, as either a narrative backbone or an occasional reference material. For them, The American Yawp offers a free, online, and collaboratively built American history textbook designed for college-level history courses. Unchecked by profit motives or business models, without owners or institutional prerogatives, and answerable only to the dictates of good scholarship and sound pedagogy, The American Yawp is a history textbook for the commons, a cooperative venture constructed by scholars for open use in classrooms at no cost to students.
A live prototype is currently available at www.americanyawp.com. The title (as better explained here) draws from an oft-referenced Walt Whitman line and represents our attempt to capture the multi-layered nature of American history while incorporating all the best of recent historiography into a clear and accessible narrative.
A star-studded corps of scholars has already joined (see the list here). Now we need content-builders. We invite university educators to join and collaborate with us as we craft a core text over the next nine months. We welcome all contributions, whether simple write-ups of research specialties, participation in joint, semi-regular writing sessions, submission of detailed lecture notes or favorite pieces of cite-able material, or editors, willing to synthesize the work of others. All are welcome.
Contributors are busy collaborating during the 2013-2014 academic year to produce text and images appropriate for college-level American history courses. A team of editors will then streamline material for an anticipated open beta during the 2014-2015 academic year, during which time the project will be open for use and users can offer feedback as they work through the project themselves. After another round of editing, the Yawp will be “published” in time for the 2015-2016 academic year. Text and visuals will be available online at www.AmericanYawp.com and offline as a free, downloadable e-book. A second, concurrent phase will then launch to broaden the project by incorporating additional media, interactive materials, and pedagogical resources, allowing for a “living” project that engages emerging pedagogical trends while harnessing the collaborative potential of twenty-first century scholarship. If you are interested in participating or have further questions, please email me Ben Wright (bgw1@rice.edu) or my co-editor Joeseph Locke (lockejl@utpa.edu).
The first solar district heating collector field in Denmark with direct-flow, aluminium absorbers from Finnish company Savo-Solar came into operation in July 2015. Municipal district heating company Løgumkloster Fjernvarme had ordered 9,400 m² of collector area (6.6 MW th ) during the first phase of the project. “If we are satisfied with the performance, we will extend the collector field by 35,000 m² next year,” confirmed Peter G. Andersen, Head of Operations at Løgumkloster Fjernvarme. Savo-Solar used this demonstration project for a successful entry into the Danish district heating market, which was dominated by only one supplier, Arcon-Sunmark, since a merger in February 2015. The Finnish collector manufacturer won the tender by Jelling Varmevaerk in June 2015 and negotiated the final contract for the delivery of 15,000 m² collector area (10.5 WM th ) with the municipality in southern Denmark. The utility aims at receiving the permits and confirming the contract by the beginning of November.
Photo: Savo-Solar
The preparation for the Løgumkloster project started in 2012 with talks between Løgumkloster Fjernvarme and Sapa (former Hydro), the producer of the aluminium profiles which Savo-Solar uses in its collectors. The Multi-Port Extrusion (MPE) profiles are produced in a Danish factory in Tønder. “Aluminium is a lot cheaper than copper and the field with Savo-Solar collectors looked good,” Andersen names the reasons for targeting a project with Sapa/Hydro. The district heating company has received a grant of around EUR 0.85 million from the Energy Technology, Development and Demonstration Programme, EUDP.
Cost-effective mounting system
“We have patented a pipe system for the field, with the collectors being so close together that we were able to improve the energy density of the field and reduce heat losses,” explains Jari Varjotie, Managing Director of Savo-Solar. “Because of the collectors being mounted directly next to each other, we have also been able to halve the number of rammed piles for the support structure, which is a cost-saving factor.” The photo above shows an evenly stretched out solar field, because there are no pipes above the collectors. According to the company, “this avoids shade impact and improves the field's visual appearance” – another advantage over the competitors from Denmark.
“We are happy that – after careful evaluation by the customer – Savo-Solar has been chosen to negotiate the final contract in Jelling,” Varjotie was quoted as saying in a press release from 23 June 2015. The conditional contract is planned to be finally confirmed in November and the solar collector field would be delivered and installed in April 2016. The Danish market for district heating is the biggest one in Europe and is showing dynamic growth: According to the statistics by the European Solar Thermal Industry Federation (ESTIF), market volume grew by 53 % from 117,170 in 2013 to 179,186 m² (125 MW th ) in 2014.
Performance guarantees by collector supplier
“What counts for the district heating companies in Denmark is a low price per solar kilowatt hour, because they want to reach a low energy price for their clients as well,” explains the managing director of Savo-Solar. “They are very professional in their tenders and compare the efficiency of the different projects among each other.” An important success tool is the performance guarantee. “The supplier guarantees a certain product performance and this performance will be verified in use,” explains Varjotie.
Savo-Solar was founded in 2009 with the aim of coating absorbers in the factory in Mikkeli, Finland. Since 2011, the company offers collectors including the MPE absorber for large-scale projects. Since 2 April, the company´s shares have been traded on First North Sweden maintained by NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. In Denmark, the company had to cope with some delays in realising its projects, which forced company management to lower the revenue estimate in January 2015, from EUR 4 million down to EUR 2 to 2.5 million. Even temporary layoffs of the approximately 30 employees were announced for August and September. With Løgumkloster's order of an additional 5,500 m² to be delivered in January 2016 and the newly signed contract with Jelling Varmevaerk, it fortunately doesn't look as if the process will have to be repeated in 2016.
More information:
Armed terrorists stormed three D.C. buildings and took nearly 150 people hostage 40 years ago. The D.C. Council — and a former WTOP anchor — reflect on the Hanafi siege, which left 2 dead.
WASHINGTON — Forty years ago this week, armed terrorists stormed three D.C. buildings and took nearly 150 people hostage.
To commemorate the anniversary of the three-day Hanafi siege, a photo exhibit is currently on display at the Wilson Building.
Many of those photos are from the Washington Star archive, and some were never published. WTOP put together a video (above) that includes these photos.
Although the siege has largely been forgotten, a former WTOP newsman remembers it well.
Jim Bohannon, now a syndicated radio talk show host, was anchoring on WTOP on March 9, 1977, when word came in of trouble at three buildings, including what is now the Wilson Building.
“It quickly became apparent that these were three interconnected incidents, three hostage-takings, by a group known as Hanafi Muslims,” Bohannon told WTOP.
Police officers deliver a box of food to a door at the Islamic Center in Washington on March 10, 1977 where gunmen are holding 14 hostages on Thursday. The center is one of three buildings where terrorists are holding captives. (AP Photo)
The group's leader, Hamaas Abdul Khaalis, had left the Nation of Islam to found the Hanafi Movement.
A few years prior to the siege, seven members of Khaalis' family were murdered at their D.C. home, and one of their demands during the siege was to have the convicted killers handed over to him.
During the hostage crisis, Khaalis was listening to Bohannon on WTOP.
“I made reference to them as ‘apparently a black Muslim group,' not realizing that the term ‘black Muslims' referred to the main body of black Muslims who were in literal war with the Hanafi Muslim sect.”
Khaalis called the station and demanded that Bohannon apologize on TV. “Or they would, as they put it, start cutting off heads, putting them in paper bags, and tossing them out the window,” Bohannon said.
They made their apology on WTOP-TV, what today is Channel 9.
In those days, the radio and TV stations were in the same building, so all Bohannon had to do was go downstairs.
WHUR reporter Maurice Williams was shot and killed during the siege. Another person shot – security guard Mack Cantrell – died days later. Marion Barry, then a Council member, was also hit by a stray shotgun pellet.
Bohannon will never forget how breaking news turned their air shift into a marathon.
“I anchored that first day the longest stint of my life continuously on air, from 10 a.m. the day it started until 7 a.m. the following morning — 21 consecutive hours.”
Eventually, ambassadors from three countries — Egypt, Iran and Pakistan — helped bring the siege to an end.
“We should remember it because it was one of the first acts of serious domestic terrorism,” said Bohannon, who can still be heard on D.C. airwaves from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. weeknights on WFED.
The exhibit of nearly 40 photos will be on display at the Wilson Building for about the next two weeks.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Why in the hell are Democrats still accepting lectures from Bernie Sanders? Although the Vermont senator deserves credit for certain accomplishments—pulling younger people into the political process and pushing the Democratic Party in a more progressive direction—it's not as if the man had that great a shot at becoming the Democratic Party's nominee for president. Not when they were 3.7 million votes and hundreds of pledged delegates behind Hillary Clinton.
For all the fairy tales about the system being rigged and the “Mighty Morphin Power” Democratic National Committee going against the will of the people, the reality is that more people wanted Clinton as their candidate.
Last year, FiveThirtyEight's Harry Enten and Nate Silver wrote this:
As Sanders fans claim that the Democratic primary system is rigged against their candidate and that Sanders wins when turnout is higher, they fail to point out that Sanders has benefited tremendously from low-turnout caucuses. Indeed, if all the caucuses were primaries, Clinton would be winning the Democratic nomination by an even wider margin than they are now.
Somehow, though, Sanders' failures as a candidate have convinced far too many people that they can solve all the party's problems. Sanders may presently be the most popular active politician in America, but that doesn't mean they have the answers to fix the Democratic Party. And what's most hilarious about this is that he's not even a Democrat.
Advertisement
Sanders said so themselves Tuesday night during an interview on MSNBC's All In With Chris Hayes. Sanders is currently on a unity tour with the new DNC chairperson, Tom Perez, but when asked about party affiliation, they said, “No, I'm an independent.”
To quote Joseline Hernandez, “Ho, why are you here?”
“If the Democratic Party is going to succeed—and I want to see it succeed—it's gonna have to open its door to independents,” Sanders continued. “There are probably more independents in this country than Democrats or Republicans. It's got to open its doors to working people and to young people, create a grassroots party. That's what we need.”
Advertisement
To their credit, Democrat and Republican Party identification is at an all-time low. Moreover, Democrats do suck at mobilizing on the local level. However, many may call themselves independent, but they do have a specific ideology and, in many cases, obvious prejudices. The problem with the latter is that Sanders refuses to acknowledge just how prominent those prejudices are.
At one of those unity events in Kentucky, Sanders said this about the state of health care in the state: “I suspect that the Democratic Party here in Kentucky has not done the kind of job that it should have done. It's an investment. If people are getting health care, it's an investment.”
More than 500,000 Kentuckians gained access to health insurance thanks to Obamacare, only Kentucky Democrats long avoided fully embracing it because of former President Barack Obama's unpopularity in the state. In 2012 Obama barely won 38 percent of the vote, down from 41 percent in 2008. In the 2012 Democratic primary, “uncommitted” netted 42 percent of the vote against an unchallenged Obama. Last fall, a GOP House candidate in the state posted racist images of Obama on Facebook—and then he, a preacher, not only refused to apologize but denied that the images were racist.
Advertisement
This is the part where some—hi, white readers—will insert that not all white people are racist and note that there could be other variables behind Obama's popularity in states like Kentucky and West Virginia. Sure, but how many reports have we read since the last presidential election in which Tropicana Jong-il supporters are boastful about voting against their self-interests as they profess to continue to support the con they voted for? And why is that? Let me ask my black-ass friend, my trans sis or this dude I know who prays five times a day. If none of them answers, I can text this Puerto Rican bae I know.
If Sanders is to assess why Kentuckians would literally vote against their own well-being, they need to not simply fault Democrats for not doing a good-enough job talking to the electorate. But no, as he's shown again and again, they will continue to deny the roles that racism, sexism and xenophobia played in the election.
Last month Sanders said at a Boston rally with Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.):
Some people think that the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don't agree, because I've been there. Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with, it wasn't that Donald Trump won the election; it was that the Democratic Party lost the election.
Advertisement
Let me tell you, as far as American elections go, history tells you that white people are gonna white. Yeah, yeah; not all white people are Sarah Palin or Susan Sarandon. I'm not Ben Carson. I got y'all. Still.
Then they tweet out nonsense like this:
Advertisement
Faux Yoda still thinks “Make America great again” was about the rent and the coal rather than the racism and the sexism and the xenophobia. Yes, there are millions of people getting involved, but many of them are the people facing deportation, increased police harassment and hefty amounts of overt discrimination. The party should be catering to them, considering that if more of those darker folks had voted, we would have a President Clinton and Bernie would be saying we should primary-challenge them in 2020 (as they suggested with Obama in 2012). Sanders says a lot about reaching out to 45 voters, but what about voter disenfranchisement?
Meanwhile, at this same Kentucky event, Sanders was asked about Georgia congressional candidate Jon Ossoff and whether or not they were a progressive.
“I don't know,” Sanders answered. “If you run as a Democrat, you're a Democrat.” They added, “Some Democrats are progressive, and some Democrats are not.”
Advertisement
The statement isn't that bad, but you know, a quick Google search could've done wonders. Moreover, considering that Democrats are really trying to get that seat (bless their hearts with this runoff), this still reads as pouring cold water on what's been a motivating story to folks in the party. But that's what happens when you let a person who isn't an actual Democrat speaks about Democrats. The same can be said for placing so much faith in a person who can say that about Osoff yet endorse an anti-abortion Democratic candidate in Nebraska.
Sanders acts as if the Democratic Party invited them to shoot a docuseries called Bernie, Fix My Party, when, in actuality, Sanders is someone who showed up uninvited to an event and decided to stay long after the club turned the lights on. Sanders is doing well by themselves with this newfound role as self-appointed savior, but ultimately, what good is this going to do for the party overall?
Advertisement
When I wrote, “Shut Up, Bernie Sanders,” a pool of liberal tears flooded my mentions as a bunch of “Bernie bros” and their equally annoying homegirls seethed with anger. Criticizing Sanders doesn't make one a Hillary bot, but y'all can keep up that Andrew Sullivan impersonation as long as you see fit. Nevertheless, Clinton can stay on their “Bitch, I Told You So” tour, and the Clintons can go off into the sunset and enjoy their wealth, for all I care.
Frankly, they both lost, and it's obvious why each did; but the one who performed even worse than the other election loser has managed the feat of appearing to be the one who knows all. Maybe gender is involved? Please advise.
Whatever the case, if their advice includes continuing to pacify people actively engaged or complicit in multiple streams of prejudice, they can keep it. A lot of us are rightly fearing for our lives, and we're supposed to further coddle the assholes who helped create our nightmare? Even as they vote against their own well-being, to boot?
Advertisement
A major political party lies in peril, and one very shrewd politician has used it to further boost their own profile. Salute to you, sir, but spare me all the same. I'd rather we not relive the 2016 presidential campaign. That buffoon on the right gets a lot of flak for not letting the past go, but the reality star isn't the only one who needs to let that show go already. That's actually what's most grating about this tour and media campaign: We in the club doing the same old two-step. Fucking trip already.
Saudi Arabia - International tourism
International tourism, number of arrivals
The value for International tourism, number of arrivals in Saudi Arabia was 17,994,000 as of 2015. As the graph below shows, over the past 20 years this indicator reached a maximum value of 18,260,000 in 2014 and a minimum value of 3,325,000 in 1995.
Definition: International inbound tourists (overnight visitors) are the number of tourists who travel to a country other than that in which they have their usual residence, but outside their usual environment, for a period not exceeding 12 months and whose main purpose in visiting is other than an activity remunerated from within the country visited. When data on number of tourists are not available, the number of visitors, which includes tourists, same-day visitors, cruise passengers, and crew members, is shown instead. Sources and collection methods for arrivals differ across countries. In some cases data are from border statistics (police, immigration, and the like) and supplemented by border surveys. In other cases data are from tourism accommodation establishments. For some countries number of arrivals is limited to arrivals by air and for others to arrivals staying in hotels. Some countries include arrivals of nationals residing abroad while others do not. Caution should thus be used in comparing arrivals across countries. The data on inbound tourists refer to the number of arrivals, not to the number of people traveling. Thus a person who makes several trips to a country during a given period is counted each time as a new arrival.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 1995 3,325,000 2000 6,585,000 2001 6,727,000 2002 7,511,000 2003 7,332,000 2004 8,599,000 2005 8,037,000 2006 8,620,000 2007 11,531,000 2008 14,757,000 2009 10,897,000 2010 10,850,000 2011 14,179,000 2012 16,332,000 2013 15,772,000 2014 18,260,000 2015 17,994,000
International tourism, number of departures
The value for International tourism, number of departures in Saudi Arabia was 20,819,000 as of 2015. As the graph below shows, over the past 13 years this indicator reached a maximum value of 20,819,000 in 2015 and a minimum value of 2,000,000 in 2006.
Definition: International outbound tourists are the number of departures that people make from their country of usual residence to any other country for any purpose other than a remunerated activity in the country visited. The data on outbound tourists refer to the number of departures, not to the number of people traveling. Thus a person who makes several trips from a country during a given period is counted each time as a new departure.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2002 7,896,000 2003 4,104,000 2004 3,811,000 2005 4,403,000 2006 2,000,000 2007 4,126,000 2008 4,087,000 2009 6,032,000 2010 17,827,000 2011 15,281,320 2012 18,671,000 2013 19,153,960 2014 19,824,490 2015 20,819,000
International tourism, receipts (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, receipts (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $11,183,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 12 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $11,183,000,000 in 2015 and $3,418,000,000 in 2003.
Definition: International tourism receipts are expenditures by international inbound visitors, including payments to national carriers for international transport. These receipts include any other prepayment made for goods or services received in the destination country. They also may include receipts from same-day visitors, except when these are important enough to justify separate classification. For some countries they do not include receipts for passenger transport items. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2003 $3,418,000,000 2004 $6,486,000,000 2005 $4,626,000,000 2006 $4,769,000,000 2007 $6,907,000,000 2008 $6,775,000,000 2009 $6,744,000,000 2010 $7,536,000,000 2011 $9,317,000,000 2012 $8,400,000,000 2013 $8,690,000,000 2014 $9,263,000,000 2015 $11,183,000,000
International tourism, receipts (% of total exports)
International tourism, receipts (% of total exports) in Saudi Arabia was 5.13 as of 2015. Its highest value over the past 12 years was 5.13 in 2015, while its lowest value was 2.10 in 2008.
Definition: International tourism receipts are expenditures by international inbound visitors, including payments to national carriers for international transport. These receipts include any other prepayment made for goods or services received in the destination country. They also may include receipts from same-day visitors, except when these are important enough to justify separate classification. For some countries they do not include receipts for passenger transport items. Their share in exports is calculated as a ratio to exports of goods and services, which comprise all transactions between residents of a country and the rest of the world involving a change of ownership from residents to nonresidents of general merchandise, goods sent for processing and repairs, nonmonetary gold, and services.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files, and IMF and World Bank exports estimates.
See also:
Year Value 2003 3.45 2004 4.92 2005 2.41 2006 2.11 2007 2.77 2008 2.10 2009 3.34 2010 2.88 2011 2.48 2012 2.10 2013 2.24 2014 2.61 2015 5.13
International tourism, receipts for passenger transport items (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, receipts for passenger transport items (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $1,053,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 8 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $1,053,000,000 in 2015 and $749,000,000 in 2009.
Definition: International tourism receipts for passenger transport items are expenditures by international inbound visitors for all services provided in the international transportation by resident carriers. Also included are passenger services performed within an economy by nonresident carriers. Excluded are passenger services provided to nonresidents by resident carriers within the resident economies; these are included in travel items. In addition to the services covered by passenger fares--including fares that are a part of package tours but excluding cruise fares, which are included in travel--passenger services include such items as charges for excess baggage, vehicles, or other personal accompanying effects and expenditures for food, drink, or other items for which passengers make expenditures while on board carriers. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2007 $936,000,000 2008 $865,000,000 2009 $749,000,000 2010 $824,000,000 2011 $858,000,000 2012 $968,000,000 2013 $1,039,000,000 2014 $1,025,000,000 2015 $1,053,000,000
International tourism, expenditures for passenger transport items (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, expenditures for passenger transport items (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $1,020,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 8 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $1,020,000,000 in 2015 and $861,000,000 in 2007.
Definition: International tourism expenditures for passenger transport items are expenditures of international outbound visitors in other countries for all services provided during international transportation by nonresident carriers. Also included are passenger services performed within an economy by nonresident carriers. Excluded are passenger services provided to nonresidents by resident carriers within the resident economies; these are included in travel items. In addition to the services covered by passenger fares--including fares that are a part of package tours but excluding cruise fares, which are included in travel--passenger services include such items as charges for excess baggage, vehicles, or other personal accompanying effects and expenditures for food, drink, or other items for which passengers make expenditures while on board carriers. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2007 $861,000,000 2008 $876,000,000 2009 $893,000,000 2010 $941,000,000 2011 $931,000,000 2012 $963,000,000 2013 $988,000,000 2014 $1,019,000,000 2015 $1,020,000,000
International tourism, receipts for travel items (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, receipts for travel items (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $10,130,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 11 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $10,130,000,000 in 2015 and $4,626,000,000 in 2005.
Definition: International tourism receipts for travel items are expenditures by international inbound visitors in the reporting economy. The goods and services are purchased by, or on behalf of, the traveler or provided, without a quid pro quo, for the traveler to use or give away. These receipts should include any other prepayment made for goods or services received in the destination country. They also may include receipts from same-day visitors, except in cases where these are so important as to justify a separate classification. Excluded is the international carriage of travelers, which is covered in passenger travel items. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2004 $6,486,000,000 2005 $4,626,000,000 2006 $4,769,000,000 2007 $5,971,000,000 2008 $5,910,000,000 2009 $5,995,000,000 2010 $6,712,000,000 2011 $8,459,000,000 2012 $7,432,000,000 2013 $7,651,000,000 2014 $8,238,000,000 2015 $10,130,000,000
International tourism, expenditures for travel items (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, expenditures for travel items (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $20,725,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 11 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $24,118,000,000 in 2014 and $4,428,000,000 in 2004.
Definition: International tourism expenditures are expenditures of international outbound visitors in other countries. The goods and services are purchased by, or on behalf of, the traveler or provided, without a quid pro quo, for the traveler to use or give away. These may include expenditures by residents traveling abroad as same-day visitors, except in cases where these are so important as to justify a separate classification. Excluded is the international carriage of travelers, which is covered in passenger travel items. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2004 $4,428,000,000 2005 $9,087,000,000 2006 $12,979,000,000 2007 $20,170,000,000 2008 $15,129,000,000 2009 $20,419,000,000 2010 $21,135,000,000 2011 $17,271,000,000 2012 $17,023,000,000 2013 $17,660,000,000 2014 $24,118,000,000 2015 $20,725,000,000
International tourism, expenditures (current US$)
The latest value for International tourism, expenditures (current US$) in Saudi Arabia was $21,745,000,000 as of 2015. Over the past 13 years, the value for this indicator has fluctuated between $25,137,000,000 in 2014 and $4,165,000,000 in 2003.
Definition: International tourism expenditures are expenditures of international outbound visitors in other countries, including payments to foreign carriers for international transport. These expenditures may include those by residents traveling abroad as same-day visitors, except in cases where these are important enough to justify separate classification. For some countries they do not include expenditures for passenger transport items. Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files.
See also:
Year Value 2002 $7,370,000,000 2003 $4,165,000,000 2004 $4,428,000,000 2005 $9,087,000,000 2006 $12,979,000,000 2007 $21,031,000,000 2008 $16,005,000,000 2009 $21,312,000,000 2010 $22,076,000,000 2011 $18,202,000,000 2012 $17,986,000,000 2013 $18,648,000,000 2014 $25,137,000,000 2015 $21,745,000,000
International tourism, expenditures (% of total imports)
International tourism, expenditures (% of total imports) in Saudi Arabia was 8.79 as of 2015. Its highest value over the past 13 years was 14.86 in 2002, while its lowest value was 6.63 in 2004.
Definition: International tourism expenditures are expenditures of international outbound visitors in other countries, including payments to foreign carriers for international transport. These expenditures may include those by residents traveling abroad as same-day visitors, except in cases where these are important enough to justify separate classification. For some countries they do not include expenditures for passenger transport items. Their share in imports is calculated as a ratio to imports of goods and services, which comprise all transactions between residents of a country and the rest of the world involving a change of ownership from nonresidents to residents of general merchandise, goods sent for processing and repairs, nonmonetary gold, and services.
Source: World Tourism Organization, Yearbook of Tourism Statistics, Compendium of Tourism Statistics and data files, and IMF and World Bank imports estimates.
See also:
Year Value 2002 14.86 2003 7.61 2004 6.63 2005 10.36 2006 11.44 2007 14.44 2008 9.06 2009 13.15 2010 12.67 2011 9.19 2012 8.36 2013 8.11 2014 9.71 2015 8.79
Classification
Topic: Private Sector & Trade Indicators
Sub-Topic: Travel & tourism
Judging Q and saving Jesus is characterised by careful textual analysis, showing a piercing critical eye in its impressive engagement with the secondary literature, and sharp and insightful critique. The target audience are specialists in the field of research on the Sayings Source Q (the hypothetical source of certain sayings of Jesus common to Matthew and Luke), historical Jesus, and early Christian theology. The book takes the stance that the hypothetical document Q can be reconstructed with sufficient precision and that this enables biblical scholars to study with confidence its genre and its thematic and ideological profile. The genre issue is central to the book overall structure and the alternative proposals are discussed at length and with sophistication. The author's inference is that Q's macrogenre is sapiential with occasional insertions of apocalyptic microstructures and motifs. This finding embodies progress in Historical Jesus studies. An opposing trend has been to label Jesus an apocalypticist, so that the great ‘either-or' of contemporary Jesus scholarship has been ‘either eschatological or not', an alternative that dates back to Albert Schweitzer.
The author finds that generally, and even when used apocalyptically, the term Son of Man tends to support arguments best understood as sapiential in outlook. This is consistent with the sapiential genre of the document as a whole. This finding is supported by the close and careful exegesis of Q 6:37−38 (on not judging). They reconstruct the original wording of this saying ‘on not judging' and explores the idea of ‘weighing' in judgment (psychostasia), determining in the end that the saying is entirely sapiential.
This year marks what would have been comic book legend Jack Kirby's 100th birthday, a fact that last week's Comic-Con International marked with no fewer than six panels dedicated to their work and countless others on the characters and concepts they created in their nearly 70-year career. It was a fitting tribute for the man who gave comic book fans everyone from the Avengers to the DC mega-villain Darkseid. Many of those marquee characters have not fared as well as others, but there is one comic coming this year that lives up to their legacy—even if it doesn't feature any of them at all.
For fans who only know the "King of Comics" because of their work creating the Marvel Universe (Iron Man, Thor, Black Panther, the X-Men, and so on), DC's revival of Mister Miracle might seem like an odd way to honor Kirby. But for those who followed their work beyond Marvel, the reboot of the Fourth World Saga title is, arguably, the one most true to Kirby's contributions to the genre. Written by Tom King (Marvel's The Vision and DC's current Batman series) with art by Mitch Gerads (King's collaborator on The Sheriff of Babylon), the new Mister Miracle manages to honor Kirby, who died in 1994, by not trying to be him.
In the decades between when they co-created Captain America in the 1940s and what many consider their (unfinished) magnum opus Fourth World in the '70s, Kirby's storytelling style reinvented the superhero genre and gave the medium a visual language it still uses today. The new Mister Miracle, out August 9, doesn't try to recreate their aesthetics, but rather pays homage to the influence they had, using digital techniques to mix together Kirby's original work (the cover for Kirby's first issue appears as a background detail in the new series), comic book iconography, and other pop culture visuals. The result is a comic that feels both fresh and familiar.
That's not true for a lot of Kirby's Marvel creations these days. The publisher's current line is built almost exclusively around Kirby concepts, but its summer storyline, Secret Empire, turns Captain America into a fascist who has taken over the US. In the fall, Marvel Legacy will attempt to course-correct, but will do so with a line-up that drops Cap entirely while replacing Kirby's takes on Thor and Iron Man with new versions. (It's not all bad, though. Black Panther remains one of the publisher's highest-profile series thanks to writer Ta-Nehisi Coates. And the current Marvel Studios movies are staying relatively true to the Kirby-established DNA.)
DC Entertainment
Over at DC, things are very different. Despite having a shorter history with Kirby, the publisher has launched two new series anchored by their creations so far this year, including Kamandi Challenge and Bug, the latter coming from the Young Animal imprint. Honoring Fourth World, though, is at the forefront. In addition to the Mister Miracle reboot, the publisher is also releasing six special one-off issues featuring Fourth World characters and other Kirby creations. Those releases might not have the pop of big Marvel movies, but for many Kirby fans, it's the Fourth World titles that deserve the most recognition.
Comprising four series running alongside each other, all written and drawn by Kirby, Fourth World took the lessons Kirby had learned from their Marvel work and applied them to the real world. Comics like Mister Miracle and New Gods were as much about contemporaneous issues—the '60s/'70s counterculture, Vietnam—and Kirby's own experiences in WWII as they were about the fictional godlike beings that appeared in their pages. The line was a commercial flop, perhaps due to the fact that it was so ahead of its time, but Fourth World's forward-looking concepts now make it the perfect vehicle for showing off their legacy.
To that end, the first issue of Mister Miracle is wondrous and dizzying, yet never unclear (thanks, in large part, to the use of the nine-panel page structure Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons used for Watchmen). Its closest antecedent is probably the FX show Legion, but it feels very much like its own thing, building on what came before without disrespecting any of its predecessors—which is exactly the attitude Kirby themselves reportedly had when taking over comics like The Losers or Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen back in the day.
Beyond that, Mister Miracle succeeds where other comics featuring Kirby characters have failed by doing something that has, sadly, become an increasingly rare skill: telling a story about universal experiences and giving the audience characters to care about. And if there's one lesson that the King of Comics would want to teach today's comic creators, it's likely that one. Jack Kirby would have turned 100 the same month Mister Miracle hits shelves. It is—if nothing else—a birthday present to the medium they loved so much.
Share on Social Share
What an incredible couple days it's been for fans such as my wife and I that love the Zelda franchise I could not have asked for a better birthday week. Nintendo NY had an amazing event held for the playable Zelda demo for 500 lucky people to play here in NYC. 500 fans and press attending E3 were the few who got to experience the demo nearly 9 months before the release.
Over the weekend Nintendo New York in Rockefeller Plaza held a Zelda event for E3 to show off the Zelda breath of the Wild. Saturday we went down at 7am and waited online to get bracelets to obtain our tickets to return to play the game on Wednesday June 15th as some of those lucky few.
Nintendo New York had the second floor demo units all playing the Zelda demo as well they had multiple banners set up as shown in the pictures below it was hard not to get excited about the event even just watching. You could tell there was care put in and the event was being held for the fans not just a test demo for improvements.
When we showed up for our appointment the afternoon of June 15th they also had exclusive zelda shirts and lithographs to celebrate the event.
As we played the demo you initially started with an open demo that you could just run around and experience the world which included just finding weapons fighting bokoblins and lighting campfires. Chris had made a great comment which pretty much summed it up that
“Zelda inspired Dark Souls and Dark Souls has now inspired Zelda.”
While exploring in the first part of the demo I found myself trying to parry and perfectly dodge Bokoblin attacks to try to activate Fury mode. Flurry mode was a new mechanic that sets the enemies and environment to half speed while link is still full motion to start a string of multiple hits before the enemy even hits the ground.
Another part of the first demo I really enjoyed is that you can sit at a bonfire in choose the time of day that you want to plans you can go to the morning midday evening or night. The player is dropped into the game with no direction besides an initial waypoint and it feels you have the freedom to go anywhere. That was one of the best parts of A Link Between Worlds.
I found that I actually died twice during the demo just getting overwhelmed by multiple enemies while trying to parry and dodge just to try out different weapons and combos.
The second demo that we got a chance to play explored the first part of the story of the game which was incredible. Link woke up from a hundred-year slumber in a pod filled with water very reminiscent of Wind Waker and you run into what seems to be just an old man who looked a lot like the king of Hyrule or the King of Red Lions.
You pick up a tablet in the temple you had awoken in, grab some basic clothing from 2 chests and set out to a gorgeous vista that was chill inducing.
When exiting the temple you are in the wild, you don't start in a town you don't wake up in a village with many NPCs everywhere asking for help or information it's just you in middle of a field
When you do get an alert of a waypoint set by your tablet that you have to go to I took my time getting there and unfortunately it up a lot of the 20-minute demo just exploring
On my way to the waypoint I found the Temple of Time which had two statues and everything from prior games you could pray at one of the statues and continue forward, as I went to the way point I fought more bokoblins and abused the Parry system yet again (I really enjoy the parry/dodge mechanics can you tell?) once I reach the waypoint you insert your tablet into a column which activated and amazing cut scene which seemed to show some sort of shadow dragon Ganon consuming what I was to assume is Hyrule Castle. By this time I had reached the end of the demo.
I'm very very very happy I got the opportunity to be one of the few 500 people to play the demo here on the East Coast outside of E3 but unfortunately we all have to wait until March next year for the release of the game.I cannot thank Nintendo New York enough for putting on such a great event and giving us all the opportunity to play the demo. Just watching the stream on Tuesday I was very excited about the game now that we've actually played it I cannot wait to play more. We are currently playing Twilight Princess on WiiU just to feed the urge.
Also for being a part of the Zelda breath of the Wild event players were also given a Zelda coin Zelda t-shirt and a Zelda poster all for the event will include pictures of those items below
March 2017 cannot come fast enough for Zelda fans like myself, now to find a campfire to sit at to pass the time…
Kenji Gorre: Ready to head to the Netherlands
Swansea winger Kenji Gorre expects to spend next season on loan with Dutch club ADO Den Haag after signing a new three-year contract at the Liberty Stadium.
Gorre, the son of former Ajax and Feyenoord star Dean, joined Swansea from Manchester United in 2013 and made their senior debut in the final league game of last season at Crystal Palace.
They signed a three-year deal on Monday after impressing for Swansea's U21 side last term, scoring 18 goals, but accepts they may have to head overseas to gain further first-team experience.
Gorre told Dutch website De Telegraaf: "I have spoken with ADO Den Haag coach Henk Fraser and there is a very good feeling from that.
"The club has ambitions and I want to be part of the squad. I am at an age when I should play every week but in Swansea there is not that chance yet.
"For my development it is better to have a season to look somewhere else."
It became an iconic moment when they ran up the 72-stone-step entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and raised their hands triumphantly in the air.
And Sylvester Stallone, 68, re-created the scene made famous in their Rocky movie nearly 40 years ago alongside Michael B. Jordan as they filmed its seventh sequel Creed in Philadelphia on Monday.
The display served as an obvious tribute to the film that starred Sly in the title role and went on to earn three Oscars in 1976, including Best Picture.
Scroll down for video
Following in their footsteps: Sylvester Stallone re-created the scene made famous in their Rocky movie alongside Michael B. Jordan as they filmed its seventh sequel Creed in Philadelphia on Monday
Underdog story: The display served as an obvious tribute to the beloved sports drama that starred Sly in the title role and went on to earn three Oscars in 1976, including Best Picture
A similar segment in the original Rocky film is synonymous with Bill Conti's song Gonna Fly Now - which played as Rocky ascended to the top.
Sly is reprising the role that made them a major Hollywood star when they were then aged 29.
Michael, 28, plays Adonis Johnson Creed - the son of their former opponent turned friend Apollo Creed (played by Carl Weathers).
Back to their roots: Sly, 68, is reprising the role that made them a major Hollywood star when they were then aged 29
Memorable: Rocky is synonymous with Bill Conti's song Gonna Fly Now - which played as the boxer ascended the stairs to the top
Rocky has agreed to train the budding boxer whose father died in the fourth sequel after a fatal knockout blow in the ring.
For the scene, Sly was dressed in a dark blue jacket, grey sweatpants and black fedora.
Michael was clad in workout gear that included Jordan was decked out in workout gear that included a black varsity jacket, grey hoodie and black sweats.
Budding boxer: The Fruivale Station actor's face revealed that they recently suffered defeat in the ring, as they sported bruises, a bandage and other blemishes
Fighting face: Sly as Rocky appeared to have on facial prosthetics and donned a wonky, crooked nose bridge, though the context is not known.
The Fruivale Station actor's face revealed that they recently suffered defeat in the ring, as they sported bruises, a bandage and other blemishes.
Sly as Rocky appeared to have on facial prosthetics and donned a wonky, crooked nose bridge, though the context is not known.
It was a tender moment for the student and their trainer - who embraced and raised their hands like champions at the top of the steps.
Partners: Rocky has agreed to train Adonis - whose father died in the fourth sequel after a fatal knockout blow in the ring
Family friend: Michael, 28, plays Adonis Johnson Creed - the son of their former opponent turned friend Apollo Creed
Champs: Rocky is the crown jewel of all underdog stories - and their pupil is likely to succeed under their guidance
At the foot of the staircase is a large statue of Rocky that was erected as a prop in 1982's third sequel.
Sly donated the bronze monument to the city of Pennsylvania 35 years ago after the movie wrapped.
Although it is still at the museum, it was moved from the top - where it is seen in the movie - and transported to the ground level, where it remains.
Fighting shape: Rocky has taken Adonis under their wing and is showing them their grueling practice routine
Reflecting: It appears Rocky is fondling reflecting on their days as a boxing champ
The stairs and sculpture seen in the Rocky series have since become popular tourist attractions for the city.
The Rambo star sat by the statue and smiled for photos alongside fans - mimicking Rocky's 'fighter' pose.
And for Rocky's fighter student, it appears that their training will follow the same rigorous program that they underwent years earlier by their coach Mickey, played by Burgess Meredith.
Monumental: At the foot of the staircase is a large statue of Rocky that was erected as a prop in 1982's third sequel
Fans: The stairs and sculpture seen in the Rocky movies have since become popular tourist attractions for the city of Philadelphia
A gift: Sly donated the bronze monument to the city of Pennsylvania 35 years ago after the third sequel wrapped
In scenes shot last week for the forthcoming sports drama, the pair brought back to life a memorable chicken coop practice session from Rocky II.
In the film the boxer chases chickens to improve their agility ahead of their rematch bout against Apollo.
Rocky, now coaching Adonis, is seen keeping pace with a stopwatch as their pupil gives chase to the brood.
Tessa Thompson, Phylicia Rashad, Tony Bellew and Graham McTavish co-star in the spin-off.
Creed is scheduled for release on November 25, 2015 in the US.
Traditional training: Rocky appeared to be putting Creed through the chicken chasing training they underwent in Rocky II to prepare for their fight with Apollo
Not easy: Chasing a chicken around is not that easy
Chicken scene: Mickey played by Burgess Meredith made Rocky chase chickens until they felt like a 'Kentucky Fried Idiot' in Rocky II
Welcome to this late-night edition of “When's Melee?” These are some of this weekend's Melee tourney streams that you should check out. If you have any other info on streamed tourneys going down this weekend, please reach out here in the comments or on Twitter (linked below) and this will be updated as soon as possible.
PAX Prime — 8/28 – 8/30
Region: PNW (WA)
Stream: VGBootcamp
PAX is featuring a Melee and Smash 4 tournament this year, and a ton of high-level players have shown up to support spreading competitive Smash to the gaming community as a whole.
Featuring Leffen, Mew2King, Westballz, MacD, HugS, Nintendude, MikeHaze, Zhu, Bladewise, Cactuar, Rudolph, Vish, FatGoku, Reno, gaR, Rustin, Iceman, Chip, The Crimson Blur, The Prime, Prime Crimson Blur, and more.
Brackets/Pools | Schedule (Pacific) | smash.gg | Facebook | Trailer
Show Me Your Moves 16 — 8/29 + 8/30
Region: Midwest (IL)
Stream: TheSmashingIllini
The longest-running tourney series, SMYM, is having its next exciting installment this weekend. Great midwest smashers, some strong out-of-region talent, and the rising new-school commentator, Webs, should make this a stream you don't want to miss.
Featuring Lucky, Duck, Kels, KJH, Kalamazhu, Darkatma, Dart, Prince Abu, Vro, Shinobi, ORLY, Captain Faceroll, j00t, Sago, Junebug, Scythe, Jack Kenney, and more.
Pools | Brackets | Attendees | Schedule (Central) | Facebook
Mass Madness Melee Monthly #4 — 8/29
Region: New England (MA)
Stream: BigBlueeS
Featuring MattDotZeb, Mafia, Slox, Crush, and more. (Probably)
Challonge | Facebook
Summer Jam 9 — 8/29 + 8/30
Region: Tri-State (PA)
Stream: SmashStudios
Featuring DJ Nintendo, The Moon, and more.
Brackets | Pools (Cactus and Zhu are now at PAX, not here)| Schedule (Eastern) | Facebook
Nebulous Prime Melee #3 — 8/29
Region: Tri-State (NYC)
Stream: SigMelee
Challonge |Schedule (Eastern) | Facebook
For a list of weekday streams, check this /r/ssbm post and this document for more in-depth info.
Sam “Dingus” Greene can be found on Twitter @SSBMDingus.
Logo by @FishWithIt
Denis Mamadou Gerhard Cuspert (18 October 1975 – 17 January 2018), also known by their stage name Deso Dogg and their nom de guerre Abu Talha al-Almani, was a German rapper who became a member of Islamic State.[2]
Cuspert ended their rap career in 2010, converted to Islam and took a new Islamic name Abou Maleeq. They left Germany in 2012 for Egypt and eventually Syria, where they fought with jihadist anti-government forces in the Syrian Civil War, under the nom de guerre of Abu Talha Al-Almani (meaning Abu Talha the German).
They were wounded during fighting in the northern-Syrian town of Azaz in an air-strike conducted by the Syrian Army. In 2014 they gave their oath of allegiance to Islamist-Jihadi group the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).[citation needed]
The United States Department of State added Cuspert to its list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists on 9 February 2015,[3] and the United Nations Al-Qaida Sanctions Committee designated them on 11 February 2015.[4] In January 2018, the pro-ISIL Wafa' Media Foundation announced their death during clashes in the town of Gharanij.[5]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Cuspert was born in Kreuzberg, Berlin on October 18, 1975. Their father, Richard Luc-Giffard, was a Ghanaian national who had been deported before Cuspert was born.[6][7] Their mother, Sigrid Cuspert, is German.[8]
They were later raised in Charlottenburg, Moabit and Schöneberg. Their mother remarried an American U.S. Army officer with whom Cuspert had ongoing conflicts. They had a troubled youth and spent some time in a juvenile detention center.[9] In 1995 they began a rapping career with varying success, as they got increasingly involved in street trouble and eventually in crime.
In 2002 they adopted the name Deso Dogg and began recording with the German rapper Charnell, a gangster rapper from Berlin. Deso Dogg was, at that time, under detention in an open prison system for minor offenders. By mid-2004, they were repeatedly arrested for various new offenses, including violations of the German Opium Act. Consequently, their probation was revoked and Deso Dogg had to serve time in the Tegel Prison.[citation needed] They were in a gang called the "36 Boys" made up primarily of first-generation Turkish and Arab immigrants. The 36 Boys got in violent confrontations with neo-Nazi gangs. “I always fought for 36,” Cuspert told a Berlin reporter named Robert Rigney. “I bled for 36. I was stabbed for 36. Everything.”[citation needed]
Rapping career [ edit ]
After their release from detention, they worked with Montana of Montana Beatz and with the producer Dean Dawson of Streetlife Entertainment. They quit Streetlife label in 2007, reportedly to keep their artistic freedom. In September 2007, they announced working on a double album titled Alle Augen Auf Mich (meaning all eyes on me). They also announced that they would quit after this project because they felt disappointed and betrayed by many people in the German rap scene. The launching of the album was repeatedly delayed to be ultimately released in November 2009.
In August 2008, they appeared in an episode of the television series Der Bluff helping a student who turns into a gangsta rapper. In 2010 their song "Willkommen in meiner Welt" (meaning Welcome to my world) was used in the ARD film courage to Zivilcourage (meaning moral courage).
Conversion to Islam and legal problems in Germany [ edit ]
Following a near death experience after a car crash,[9] and affected by Pierre Vogel, a former professional boxer and converted Islamist, they ended their rap career in 2010[10] declaring their own religious conversion to Islam.[11]
They declared their decision to convert in a public video.[12] They became a member of a radical Islamic group called Die Wahre Religion (meaning The True Religion).[10] They also said they were dropping their earlier name Deso Dogg in favor of the Islamic name Abou Maleeq.[13]
After their conversion they became a vocal Islamic music "nasheed" singer, singing in German. Controversies ensued as they declared public support for Islamic "Mujahideen" forces in Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia and Chechnya, describing Berlin as eine weitere Kuffar-Metropole ("yet another kuffar (infidel) metropolis").
In April 2011, the Berlin public prosecutor brought charges of illegal possession of weapons against them after Cuspert appeared as "Abou Maleeq" in a YouTube video brandishing arms. During a house raid, 16 cartridges of 9 mm caliber and .22 were found on the premises. On 18 August 2011 they were found guilty and fined 1800 euros without any jail term being specified. German officials remained vigilant however, claiming their videos and speeches contained inflammatory rhetoric that promoted violence.[2]
Guido Steinberg, an Islamic studies expert at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs think-tank stated that Dogg's music "support[s] a radicalisation process."[14]
The public broadcaster Südwestrundfunk (SWR) said in a report that the "Islamist radical Denis C. alias "Abu Maleeq" was being investigated for sedition". The popular Report Mainz news magazine on German ARD TV highlighted their videos, including one publicly praising Osama bin Laden in one of their nasheeds.[citation needed] Abou Maleeq announced they were moving from Berlin to Bonn. But their activities came under further scrutiny when Arid Uka, a Muslim Kosovo Albanian from Frankfurt am Main, revealed after assassinating two U.S. Airmen and severely wounding two others in an operation in Frankfurt Airport, that they were greatly influenced in their actions by Abou Maleeq's works and that they were a great fan of the singer.[citation needed]
Islamic militancy [ edit ]
Denis Cuspert became involved with the Egyptian Austrian-born al-Qaeda affiliate Mohamed Mahmoud (also known as Abu Usama Al-Gharib), who had founded the Global Islamic Media Front (GIMF) as well as the militant Salafist group Millatu Ibrahim, later banned by the German authorities.[13]
German broadcaster ZDF also received footage, apparently made by Cuspert, in which they threatened to wage Jihad in Germany and warned of attacks. According to German security authorities, Cuspert managed to leave to Egypt, despite heavy observation, to join the remnants of Millatu Ibrahim to try to establish a German Salafist colony that sought to impose Sharia law in Germany.[15] According to the Al-Qaida Sanctions Committee, while in Egypt Cuspert underwent firearms training in a militant camp, before traveling to Libya for additional training.[4]
Syria [ edit ]
In August 2013 they appeared in a video fighting alongside the militant group Junud al-Sham against forces loyal to President Bashar Assad in the Syrian Civil War.[4][16] They began using the nom de guerre of Abu Talha Al-Almani (Abu Talha the German).[9] In September 2013 Cuspert was reportedly injured in an air strike in Syria.[17][18] Abu Talha continued to post video footage and messages online in German about their activities, including their advocacy for active participation in jihad and for enactment of sharia law.
In November 2013 German authorities issued a warning, emanating from its Federal Criminal Police Office (Bundeskriminalamt) and made public through the Foreign Office (Auswärtiges Amt), about a possible attack by Cuspert against German institutions working in Turkey. The warning published by German national daily Die Welt stated that "Cuspert could use an explosive-laden vehicle".[19][20] In a video posted online, Denis Cuspert denied the allegations, adding that Germany was not their "objective in terms of attacks".[20]
Islamic State [ edit ]
By late 2013, Cuspert had left Junud al-Sham and joined the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). They reportedly took part in the First Battle of the Shaer gas field in July 2014 with ISIL forces against the Syrian Armed Forces.[4]
In the summer of 2014, Daniela Greene,[21] an FBI translator who had been investigating Cuspert, traveled to Syria in order to marry Cuspert. This occurred without knowledge or authorization of their superiors. They returned to the U.S. a few months later, confessed, and cooperated with authorities, in return for a light two-year prison sentence.[22]
In November 2014, a video was released by the activist group "Deir Ezzore Is Being Slaughtered Silently”, which showed ISIL members shooting and beheading a number of unarmed men, and Cuspert holding a severed head. The video was believed to be from an August 2014 massacre against prisoners from the Sunni Arab Al-Shaitat tribe who had fought against ISIL.[23][24][25]
Reports of death [ edit ]
In April 2014, a number of international media outlets ran erroneous reports based on Islamist online sources that they were killed on 20 April 2014 as a result of infighting amongst the Jihadi groups fighting in Syria, after the rival Al-Nusra Front launched a suicide attack against an ISIL post.[26] However, German newspaper Die Welt quoted other foreign fighters as denying Cuspert's death and attributing the confusion to the death of another ISIL member who also used the alias of Abu Talha Al-Almani.[27]
On 16 October 2015, the U.S. Department of Defense informed media outlets that Cuspert had been killed by a U.S. airstrike near Raqqa, Syria.[28][29] In August 2016, the Pentagon stated that it had been mistaken: Cuspert had survived the strike near the town of Raqqa.[30][31][32][33]
In January 2018, the pro-ISIL Wafa' Media Foundation announced their death, accompanying its report with photos of Cuspert's bloodied cadaver. They were reportedly killed in an airstrike during the Deir ez-Zor offensive in the town of Gharanij in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate.[34][35][5][1]
See also [ edit ]
If you're on Android 6.0 and use the share menu regularly, you may have encountered a rather annoying issue with Android's Direct Share feature. The issue arises when the share dialog pops open and the direct share contacts don't load immediately. Instead, the UI loads, you go to tap what you want, and suddenly the direct share contacts appear and all the app share links get pushed down out of view. See the animations below for the Android 6.0 and 6.0.1 behaviors side by side - the broken version is on the left.
Left: Android 6.0 behavior. Right: Android 6.0.1 behavior.
Now, with Android 6.0.1, Google has fixed this. While the direct share contacts still take longer to appear than the standard share links (which is a bit annoying in and of itself, but not really a problem), they now pop up above the longer list of app links, which do not move, instead of pushing them down. It's easier to just watch the clip - this is kind of difficult to explain in text.
A small fix, but a needed one.
Further allegations of abuse surfaced on Thursday against a student leadership training camp organised by prominent Hong Kong educational charity Po Leung Kuk (PLK).
The new allegations related to the PLK Leadership Camp were reported by local paper Apple Daily. Students and parents, who spoke anonymously, claimed that students had been forced to eat grass, denied water after strenuous exercise, and said that parents had been insulted by camp trainers.
Last Saturday, a series of allegations suggested trainers had physically and verbally abused students, and promoted a pro-Beijing political agenda, emerged on Facebook page Schools Secrets.
Eating grass
A student at Shatin secondary school Christ College said that they attended the camp two years ago as a Form Four student. They alleged that a trainer had shouted profanities, and forced them to eat several blades of grass taken from the mountainside. This punishment was reportedly meted out because of their bad behaviour.
The student also claimed that during a hike, classmates who walked slowly were forced to stand in a dirty creek for half an hour. They provided photographs to Apple Daily appearing to show the students in the creek.
Announcements on Christ College's website state that the camp was a compulsory activity for Form Four pupils – for which they each had to pay HK$700 during the years 2012, 2013 and 2015.
A Christ College spokesperson told HKFP that its teachers had not personally witnessed any incidents where trainers forced students to eat grass. “We absolutely do not agree with these methods,” added the spokesperson.
The college said that Form Four students initially expressed concern about the PLK camp last year. “However, after honest discussions between teachers, students and parents, the concerns were alleviated, and parents and students chose to participate.”
“Post-activity assessment showed that [the camp] had a positive effect.”
“We do not permit any arrangements that physically or mentally endanger the students,” added the spokesperson. “The college has so far not planned to carry on hiring [the PLK] to organise similar training activities next year.”
No water after strenuous exercise
Separately, three parents of children from an unnamed PLK-founded primary school told Apple Daily that they had previously attempted to lodge a complaint to the school. One parent said that their daughter was punished by not being allowed to rest or drink water after a strenuous marching exercise.
“She was under the sun for a long time, and feeling very dizzy,” said the parent. They added that their daughter had no choice but to secretly drink water from the tap after going to the bathroom.
Another parent alleged that after their son had been forced to duck-walk – walk while squatting – they knelt down due to exhaustion. They were then slapped by a camp trainer.
The third parent's daughter claimed that a trainer had insulted the parents: “Are your parents idiots?” the trainer reportedly asked the daughter. “How did they give birth to an idiot like you?”
The school reportedly engaged social workers and psychologists to provide emotional support to students after the camp.
Child abuse complaint
The three parents told Apple Daily that they sought help from child protection NGO Against Child Abuse. The NGO reportedly offered to call the police, but did not do so after the school promised it would not take students to the PLK camp again.
A spokesperson for the NGO declined to confirm to HKFP whether the group had received any complaints from parents, in order not to deter other whistleblowers from reporting similar cases.
“With each report, we would deploy our social workers to listen to parents and children as to find out what really happened,” said the spokesperson.
‘Positive feedback'
Established in 2006, the PLK Leadership Camp claims to help students develop their potential, improve their teamwork abilities and become braver, by organising physical activities in the rural New Territories. It has faced accusations of employing harsh training methods in the past.
The PLK told Apple Daily that the camp has received “positive feedback” from schools.
It added that it does not agree with behaviour that involves abuse, foul language or personal attacks. It said it has reminded camp trainers to first and foremost care for the well-being of students.
Outraged reactions
The new series of allegations ignited outraged reactions from politicians. Pro-democracy lawmaker Nathan Law called for an end to the “ridiculous” training practices.
“To completely destroy the self-confidence and self-respect of students, and to establish discipline and obedience from the ashes, is an extremely, extremely, outdated training practice,” they said. “It leaves deep scars upon children.”
“This is not training,” added fellow pro-democracy legislator Ted Hui. “This is just a way of letting ‘instructors' to vent!”
Update: In response to HKFP's enquiries, the PLK said that it is concerned about the situation at its leadership camp, and takes service quality seriously.
The PLK said it set up a consultancy committee last year to discuss how to improve the service and content of the training camp, including drafting behavioural guidelines for camp trainers, and regulating their speech and actions.
Long Islanders love their cars. According to the 2015 American Community Survey, of the 2.8 million people (1.3 million workers) living on Long Island, just 11% of them use public transit (bus + rail) to get to work. A whopping 74% of workers drive alone.
While train ridership is generally more widely used, bus ridership on Long Island has always struggled. In total, just 4% of Long Islanders ride the bus daily (Ridership: Suffolk – 22,000, Nassau – 95,000).
So why do so few people take the bus?
There are two leading theories when it comes to bus systems: Coverage and Frequency. Suffolk County's bus system enjoys neither. Busses typically run every hour, though, limited busses arrive 45 minutes apart. That's fine so long as the system covers a large part of the island.
To determine the coverage of the SCT Bus + LIRR, I opened the the system map in Illustrator and changed the route values to be about a quarter mile wide (a commonly used measurement to determine walkability). I then used an image color summarizer to calculate the percent of the image that was red vs green. According to the resulting image, people living in just 28% of the county have easy access to public transit. People living in the remaining 78% would have to walk further than a quarter mile or drive to access public transit.
Worse, Suffolk Transit just cut 8 routes due to infrequent use. In 2016, 31% of the island had easy access to transit. Now, just 28% has easy access. You can see the differences if you use the slider above. I would have no issue with this if they increased the frequency of other bus routes after this change but that is not the case.
I realize many of these areas of Long Island are not densely populated. To get a better picture, I chose the town of Babylon (Suffolk's densest downtown) to compare to a city I consider to have fantastic public transit: Ithaca, NY.
Babylon Township, NY: Bus/Rail Within A Quarter Mile: 46% Area Beyond A Quarter Mile From Transit: 54% City of Ithaca, NY: Bus Lines Within A Quarter Mile: 45% Area Beyond A Quarter Mile From Transit: 55%
The resulting images show that the coverage of the two downtown areas are nearly identical. However, the usability/experience of the systems are immensely different. To start, every single route in the Babylon area runs 45 min or worse. The TCAT, Ithaca's bus company, has headways from every 5 minutes to every hour downtown (with certain rural commuter routes – not shown – running every two hours). Given that frequency, the TCAT's is able to get a daily ridership of 15,000 people with a population of 103,000 people. This means that 14.5% of the Tompkins County (much of it rural) rides the TCAT while only 4% of Long Islanders ride the bus.
I'm not the only one who has taken notice of Ithaca's devotion to a good transit system. An study published in Science Direct titled Transportation Research Part A: Policy and Practice wrote that providing an oversupply of transit in Ithaca, along with in New York City, has helped create a larger demand for transit.
I have personally spent a lot of time in Ithaca over the past 4 years and I absolutely adore their transit system. Like the study concluded, I attribute much of its success to the collaboration with the college campuses, low fare and frequency of service. I could only wish that the Suffolk County Transit would take note.
Next, take a look at the below image, taken from the Regional Plan Association, which shows the coverage of local bus lines in NYC:
An incredible 97% of the city is can walk less than a quarter mile to access busses. When you add in rail, subway, express busses, ferries and the short headways seen in NYC, it's no wonder why car ownership is below 50%.
Back on Long Island, I strongly believe it would be best for the Suffolk Transit to switch from a coverage system to a frequency system.
Currently, if I tried taking the bus between my parent's homes, it would take an hour and 40 minutes for a 20 minute drive (excluding the o.8-mile walk from my mom's house and the 2 mile walk to my dad's house). Since the busses run an hour apart as is, I would only have limited times when I could make the trip. Even if I wanted to take the bus to the LIRR, it would take 15 minutes to get to the train station (no big deal) but since the two systems are no longer connected, it would perfectly miss the train by 10 minutes (forcing me to wait an additional 50 minutes for the next one).
Why bother? The busses would be much better used if they had short headways and if they were situated through downtowns to connect residents to stores, train stations and their jobs. Additionally, having busses devoted to downtowns would create larger demand at all hours of the day, not just morning/evening commutes to/from work.
For the few people who need public transit services in less dense areas, they can make use of an on demand service system. Ithaca has one of those systems and it's the same fare for anyone who needs it outside the downtown zone. Suffolk has this as well but the fare is nearly double the cost of a normal fare and it is only for disabled persons.
In the end, I'm positive that no advocate of planning/economic development would be against what I'm suggesting here. It all comes down to how the community perceives it: Will it save them tax money and will it create more traffic in towns? Those are unfortunately questions I cannot answer. It's up to the community to demand more routes/better frequency.
Publication date 1945
Digitizing sponsor U.S. Treasury Department, War Finance Division
Shows the daily life and work of the Army nurse, including training and off-duty activities.
Shotlist
Shows the daily life and work of the army nurse, including training and off-duty activities.
Shows the daily life and work of the army nurse, including training and off-duty activities, often in a romanticized fashion. States the narrator: "In them there is the tenderness of all women, of mother and sister and friend. Them voice and touch lend encouragement, instill hope. It's the surgeon who saves a man's life; it's the nurse whose tender care helps them to live." While many of the scenes are staged, some shots appear to be candid. The film opens with a melodramatic near-death sequence of a wounded soldier who is semi-conscious. The narrator urges, "Hang on kid," while the picture becomes wavy. Finally, through their stupor, a smiling woman's face comes into focus. It's the Army nurse, whom the narrator characterizes as "a nurse first, a woman second, an officer third."
The film shows the daily life and work of the nurse including training and off-duty activities often in a romanticized fashion. While many of the scenes are staged, some shots appear to be candid. (Eileen Clancy observes:) Lesbian subtext. Army nurses play softball game against Army WACs. Nurses golfing and swimming together. Hidden history. Slogan suggested by narrator as appropriate: "A nurse first, a woman second, an officer third." "In them there is the tenderness of all women, of mother and sister and friend. Them voice and touch lend encouragement, instill hope. It's the surgeon who saves a man's life; it's the nurse whose tender care helps them to live." Film opens with melodramatic near-death sequence of wounded soldier who is semi-conscious. Narrator says stuff like "Hang on kid." The picture becomes wavy. Finally, through their stupor, a smiling woman's face comes into focus. It's the Army nurse. Shows women (nurses) in basic training on hikes, going through gassed areas and climbing fences. Mobile hospital or field hosptial being built.
Key scenes include: women (nurses) in basic training, on hikes, going through gassed areas and climbing fences; the erection of a mobile or field hospital; an excellent shot of feet going into beat-up army boots; nurses' life in camp, including eating rations, ironing, haircuts and shampooing (all outdoors); a sequence on the uses of a G.I. helmet, as personal washbasin, cooking pot, laundry, and dishpan; writing letters home; a remarkable shot of a man being assisted in smoking a cigarette by a nurse who has rigged up a tin can suspended over their sickbed; much gentle tending to the ill; trains transporting the wounded from the field hospitals to the larger, general hospitals, interiors of trains, showing soldiers in elaborate casts resting on bunkbed cots, reading The Stars and Stripes; evacuation by air ("flying hospitals"); nurses assisting surgeons as they don't gowns gloves, laying out surgical instruments and typing up records; Gary Cooper smilingly participating in a show for the troops; good shots of army audience; Army nurses playing softball against Army WACs; nurses golfing and swimming together; excellent closeups of smiling nurses; and a pitch for purchasing war bonds. The film also shows a group of nurses receiving military decorations, including shots of a group of nurses who were Japanese POWs for three years. Says the narrator, "They asked only that they be returned to duty for they could never forget the faces of American men tortured and killed by the enemy."
Excellent shot of feet going into beat-up army boots. Show nurses' camp life: eating rations, ironing, haircuts and shampooing all outdoors. Sequence on the uses of a G.I. helmet: being used as a personal washbasin, cooking pot, laundry, and dishpan. Writing letters home. Remarkable shot of a man being assisted in smoking a cigarette by a nurse who has rigged up a tin can which is suspended over their sickbed. Much gentle tending to the ill. Trains transport the wounded from the field hospitals to the larger, general hospitals. Interiors of trains show soldiers in elaborate casts resting on bunkbed cots, reading the STARS AND STRIPES. Evacuation by plane as well, "flying hospitals." Nurses assist in the donning of surgical gowns and gloves; lay out surgical instruments and type up records. Gary Cooper smilingly participates in a show for the troops. Good army audience shot. Nurses receiving military decorations. This includes shots of a group of nurses who were Japanese P.O.W.'s for three years. "They asked only that they be returned to duty for they could never forget the faces of American men tortured and killed by the enemy." Excellent close-ups of smiling nurses (real people, not actors). The head army nurse speaks unsmilingly, in a severe uniform, about army nurses and patients. They then makes a pitch for the purchase of war bonds.
nurses and nursing women gender world war II WWII
<BR>
Closed captioning no Collectionid 05616 Color B&W Country United States Identifier ArmyNurs1945 Numeric_id 133 Proddate 1945 Run time 16:07 Sound Sd Type MovingImage
“Citizen Kane does not come in year two of VR.”
Esteemed VR filmmaker/documentarian/founder/CEO Chris Milk took to the stage at TechCrunch Disrupt in NY to discuss the limitations and massive items of potential for the proliferation of VR content, still in its early early early stages.
Some of the most difficult challenges in the VR filmmaking space are incredibly basic features often taken for granted in modern cinema, Milk told the audience. Underlying structures like the concept of a feature film don't operate the same way for VR as they do on the silver screen, and those are some of the things that the creatives in the space are desperately searching for.
Right now, the best template in terms of VR film is a bit messy at the moment and involves what the Vrse CEO calls “a series of spheres that you're sitting inside and looking around.”
The technical challenges are significant, but they don't detract from the power of the platform to impact humanity, Milk says.
“The promise that VR can hold is that it's the democratization of human experience,” Milk said onstage. “Much like the Internet was the democratization of data.”
A stumbling block for early VR adopters is really the lack of content. Good or bad, there's just not a lot of stuff to download on your Gear VR or Oculus Rift. Milk said that this was a major point of strain on consumers that are hyped on VR potential and are willing to drop a lot of cash.
“It's hard to sell 50 million televisions if there's only a week's worth of television to watch,” said Milk.
With the pretty notable dearth of VR content, conversations surrounding VR's lack of a “killer app” can seem a bit fruitless, but Milk says that the killer app already exists — it's VR storytelling. That being said, Milk stresses that “the killer app for your aunt is going to be different from the killer app for your niece.”
Getting VR in the hands of your aunt and niece might be the first issue to tackle, though. Like many in the space, Milk sees mobile VR as the platform with the most potential and hopes that handsets a few generations from now will be on par with current tethered systems like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
“The more great experiences you're having, the more interested you're going to be in upgrading to the next level of immersion,” Milk told interviewer Josh Constine.
With all the buzzwords floating around virtual reality, sometimes it can grow difficult to see the importance of the medium in terms of isolating human experiences and replicating it for secondary visitors.
“Once you move past the spectacle and past the hype, [VR] is the medium of human experience,” Milk said.
[gallery ids="1320373,1320372,1320374,1320368,1320369,1320375,1320370,1320371"]
Oct 16, 2007
Good news for those of you left sobbing into your three-year-old hardware following last week's announcement of the minimum PC specs required to play Crysis. We come bearing some hope of a console version. Again.
While we played through the single and multiplayer modes during a recent visit, Crytek lead level designer Sten Hubler spoke to use about the practicalities of Crysis on consoles: "Obviously consoles have memory constraints, so we would have to look at the size of the levels and maybe introduce some sort of streaming ability."
They continued: "Gameplay-wise we would need to consider the controller and how actions can be carried out on it. But Crytek have spent the last 6-7 years working on PC titles. We haven't done a lot with consoles – we'd have to discover how it all works."
We'll take that as meaning they are actually doing all of these things right now. Wahoo!
HOUSTON (CN) – A federal magistrate refused to approve a sealed search warrant application that would let the government “hack a computer suspected of criminal use.”
The FBI has said it needs the information to pursue federal bank fraud, identity theft and computer security charges.
“Unknown persons are said to have committed these crimes using a particular email account via an unknown computer at an unknown location,” U.S. Magistrate Judge Stephen Smith wrote. “The search would be accomplished by surreptitiously installing software designed not only to extract certain stored electronic records but also to generate user photographs and location information over a 30 day period.”
Smith fully laid out the alleged crimes in denying the “novel request” Monday.
“In early 2013, unidentified persons gained unauthorized access to the personal email account of John Doe, an individual residing within the Southern District of Texas, and used that email address to access their local bank account,” the 13-page order states. “The Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer accessing Doe's account resolves to a foreign country. After Doe discovered the breach and took steps to secure their email account, another email account nearly identical to Doe's – the address differed by a single letter – was used to attempt a sizeable wire transfer from Doe's local bank to a foreign bank account.”
While the warrant application remains sealed, Smith said it would not harm the investigation to file the opinion publicly.
The government applied for the warrant under Rule 41, but it failed to satisfy any of the five alternative territorial limits of the rule, Smith found.
Assessing the first of those territorial limits, Smith said “many courts have analogized computers to large containers filled with information,” for the purposes of search-and-seizure law.
“By the government's logic, a Rule 41 warrant would permit FBI agents to roam the world in search of a container of contraband, so long as the container is not opened until the agents haul it off to the issuing district,” the opinion states. “The court has found no case willing to stretch the territorial limits of Rule 41(b)(1) so far.
“The ‘search' for which the government seeks authorization is actually two-fold: (1) a search for the target computer itself, and (2) a search for digital information stored on (or generated by) that computer,” Smith added. “Neither search will take place within this district, so far as the government's application shows. Contrary to the current metaphor often used by Internet-based service providers, digital information is not actually stored in clouds; it resides on a computer or some other form of electronic media that has a physical location. Before that digital information can be accessed by the government's computers in this district, a search of the target computer must be made. That search takes place, not in the airy nothing of cyberspace, but in physical space with a local habitation and a name. Since the current location of the target computer is unknown, it necessarily follows that the current location of the information on the target computer is also unknown.”
Smith shot down each of the government's arguments under the subsections of Rule 41 before adding that the warrant would also violate the particularity required by the Fourth Amendment.
The judge expressed concern that the software might affect individuals who are not involved in the crime.
“What if the target computer is located in a public library, an Internet café, or a workplace accessible to others?” Smith asked. “What if the computer is used by family or friends uninvolved in the illegal scheme? What if the counterfeit email address is used for legitimate reasons by others unconnected to the criminal conspiracy? What if the email address is accessed by more than one computer, or by a cell phone and other digital devices? There may well be sufficient answers to these questions, but the government's application does not supply them.”
The government's request does not meet the constitutional standards required of video surveillance – which includes the type of photographic monitoring provided by the software, according to the ruling.
“The court finds that the government's warrant request is not supported by the application presented,” Smith wrote. “This is not to say that such a potent investigative technique could never be authorized under Rule 41. And there may well be a good reason to update the territorial limits of that rule in light of advancing computer search technology. But the extremely intrusive nature of such a search requires careful adherence to the strictures of Rule 41 as currently written, not to mention the binding Fourth Amendment precedent for video surveillance in this circuit. For these reasons, the requested search and seizure warrant is denied.”
Like this: Like Loading...
(CNN) -- Calling Zimbabwe's runoff presidential election a "sham," U.S. President George W. Bush said Saturday that they would push for additional sanctions against the country's government.
"I am instructing the secretaries of State and Treasury to develop sanctions against this illegitimate government of Zimbabwe and those who support it," Bush said in a statement.
Zimbabwe held a runoff Friday after presidential elections March 29 including opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai and longtime President Robert Mugabe failed to yield a clear winner.
The runoff vote was condemned internationally and Mugabe's Zanu-PF party accused of using intimidation and violence to force people, particularly in rural areas, to vote for him.
"We will press for strong action by the United Nations, including an arms embargo on Zimbabwe and travel ban on regime officials," Bush said.
Responding to the threat of further sanctions, Zimbabwean Deputy Minister of Information Bright Matonga said foreign governments needed to "respect" Zimbabwe.
"They should see Zimbabwe as a partner because of what we can offer to the world because of our stability, because of our education, because of our resources, our mineral resources," they said.
"Sanctions or no sanctions, we will not be told what to do by anybody. Britain and the U.S. are like bullies and rapists," they said.
By late Saturday, election officials at polling stations had finished counting and verifying votes, the country's deputy election commissioner.
Utloile Silaigwana, of the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission, said a national results center was still receiving the results at a national center late Saturday night.
Officials told Zimbabwean journalists waiting at the election center's headquarters for results to return at 7 a.m. local time Sunday.
Accusations of pre-vote murder, intimidation
Tsvangirai, leader of the Opposition Movement for Democratic Change, pulled out of the runoff Tuesday, citing violence and intimidation by Mugabe's supporters. Their name, however, remained on ballots. Watch as opposition voters show their broken bones, burns from boiling water and plastic »
Matonga said they would not "dignify the charges with comment" and insisted the voting process was mostly peaceful, except for about 10 pollling stations that MDC members and supporters burned down.
The MDC party charged Saturday that four opposition officials and the wife of one of them were beaten to death this week before Friday's runoff in "state-sponsored and -perpetrated murders."
It also charged that a regional Zanu-PF chairperson forced rural voters near the town of Karoi in the northern province of Mashonaland West to go to the polling station and vote for Mugabe.
The voters were forced to attend an all-night vigil at the chairperson's home the night before the vote and then go to the polls the next day, the MDC said.
Despite calls from the United Nations to put off the runoff, Mugabe went ahead, essentially making it a one-man vote.
Tsvangirai said Friday that authorities were "threatening anyone that doesn't vote or who votes for the MDC with death. ... The militia is warning that tomorrow they will launch Operation Red Finger that will target anyone who has not voted."
Each voter was required to dip a finger in red ink, a tactic used in some nations to ensure that there is no repeat voting, and Zanu-PF supporters warned residents in two townships that their fingers would be checked for the red ink.
Mugabe wanted a high turnout to create a sense of legitimacy for their expected victory.
George Charamba, a Mugabe spokesperson, said the vote had been "free and fair."
"I don't think we should put accent on what a politician who is facing a bleak defeat claims is happening to him," Charamba said. "Obviously, it has become very apparent that Morgan Tsvangirai was not going to repeat the fluke victory that they managed in March."
The first secretary at the South African Embassy in Harare, Willem Geerlings, said people fleeing political violence had camped outside the embassy.
But Charamba denied the reports of pressure. Asked about images from Zimbabwe showing what is reported to be violence against members of the opposition, they responded, "it's very, very easy for anyone to stage-manage a demonstration, and a violent one at that."
Sanctions already in place
In 2003, President Bush imposed sanctions on specific individuals and businesses in Zimbabwe, saying members of the government and its supporters were undermining democratic institutions there, according to the U.S. Treasury Department.
More than two years later, they expanded the list of sanctions to include immediate family members of Zimbabweans already sanctioned and others who were providing them with financial assistance, the Treasury Department said.
Britain also has financial and travel sanctions against 160 Zimbabweans, Prime Minister Gordon Brown said this week, as they announced that Britain was ready to propose "intensified" sanctions against members of the Zimbabwean regime.
The 14-nation Southern African Development Community appointed South African President Thabo Mbeki last year to be the mediator in Zimbabwe, but they have faced criticism for not taking a stronger position against the violence.
Mbeki said late Friday that they will take their cue from regional leaders on how to deal with Zimbabwe, according to the national South African Press Association.
Mbeki said that they will be guided by the Development Community and by the heads of state meeting for an African Union summit in Egypt on Monday.
CNN's Nkepile Mabuse, Hamilton Wende, Ingrid Formanek and David McKenzie contributed to this report.
All About Zimbabwe • Robert Mugabe • Morgan Tsvangirai
Somerville neighborhood could get a fresh identity through redevelopment designation
Buy Photo The Gaston Avenue Bakery, seen here before it closed, was one of the retail anchors of Gaston Avenue in Somerville. Borough officials will be determining whether the neighborhood qualifies for a redevelopment designation. (Photo: DAVID BERGELAND, David Bergeland, Courier News)Buy Photo
The next step in the reinvention of the Somerset County seat will focus on one of the borough's gateways — Gaston Avenue.
Mayor Brian Gallagher, who lives within two blocks of Gaston Avenue, said the area needs a new identity.
At one time, the area had stores that made it a “mini Main Street.” But as time progressed and certain key businesses — such as the Gaston Avenue Bakery — closed, a “vacuum” was created, the mayor said.
“It doesn't know what it wants to be,” Gallagher said.
Borough officials are set to pump new economic life into this neighborhood after recent successes turning a once-gritty Division Street into a bustling pedestrian plaza and seeing a new supermarket, shops and a five-story apartment building rise over a once-vacant block of Main Street.
The borough's planning board will meet May 28 to determine if the Gaston Avenue neighborhood from Main Street to Union Avenue could qualify as a “non-condemnation” redevelopment area.
The redevelopment designation would give the neighborhood stakeholders “an opportunity to create something that they can identify with,” the mayor said.
After meeting with stakeholders in the area three times in 2013, planners recommended that financial incentives be included in the B-4 zone north of East Cliff Street to foster the revitalization of the area.
Unlike the redevelopment project along West Main Street, the borough would not be using its power of eminent domain to acquire property, Gallagher emphasized.
Bruce Van Arsdale, whose funeral home at 111 Gaston Ave, would be included in the proposed redevelopment area, said they would like to see the “mixed uses” in the neighborhood continue.
“It's an entrance way to Somerville,” they said.
Van Arsdale said the new street lights on Gaston Avenue were “impressive” and were a good way to welcome people to the county seat from Route 22 or Route 28.
In their report, the planners said that stakeholders recommended changes in the zoning north of Cliff Street and no changes south of Cliff Street where professional offices and residential uses are allowed.
The planners suggest allowing varieties of housing, such as townhouses, triplexes and garden apartments, northern part of the area in limited numbers to maintain the character of the neighborhood, yet encourage mixed use.
Most importantly, the mayor said, the redevelopment designation would allow the borough to offer property tax incentives to encourage private investors to develop in the area.
If the planning board determines the area qualifies as a redevelopment area, then the designation proposal would go to the borough council for approval.
The planning board meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m. May 28 in the council chambers at 24 S. Bridge St.
Staff Writer Mike Deak: 908-243-6607; mdeak@mycentraljersey.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.mycentraljersey.com/story/news/local/somerset-county/2014/05/20/somerville-eyes-gaston-ave-redevelopment/2290808/
In today's preview, we look at one of the many tools offered in the DMG—creating a new race.
Creating New Character Options
If the options for player characters in the Player's Handbook don't meet all the needs of your campaign, you can consult Chapter 9 of the DMG: Dungeon Master's Workshop for advice on creating new race, class, and background options.
Creating a Race or Subrace
This section teaches you how to modify existing races, as well as create new ones. The most important step in customizing or designing races for your campaign is to start with the story behind the race or subrace you wish to create. Having a firm idea of a race's story in your campaign will help you make decisions during the creation process. Ask yourself several questions:
Why does my campaign need the race to be playable?
What does the race look like?
How would I describe the race's culture?
Where do the members of this race live?
Are there interesting conflicts built into the race's history and culture that make the race compelling from a storytelling standpoint?
What is the race's relationship to the other playable races?
What classes and backgrounds are well suited to members of the race?
What are the race's signature traits?
In the case of a new subrace, what sets it apart from the other subraces of the parent race?
When creating a race from scratch, begin with the story and proceed from there. Compare your creation to the other races of your world, and borrow freely from the traits of other races. As an example, consider the aasimar, a race similar to the tiefling but with a celestial heritage.
The Dungeon Master's Guide
The Dungeon Master's Guide provides the inspiration and the guidance you need to spark your imagination and create worlds of adventure for your players to explore and enjoy. Inside you'll find world-building tools, tips and tricks for creating memorable dungeons and adventures, optional game rules, hundreds of classic D&D magic items, and much more!
Creating a New Race
Coordinates:
Scene of the Baker Street Robbery. The robbers entered from below the building
The Baker Street robbery was the burglary of the safe deposit boxes at the Baker Street, London branch of Lloyds Bank,[1][2] on the night of 11 September 1971.
The robbers had rented the leather goods shop Le Sac, two doors north of the bank, and tunnelled a distance of approximately 50 feet (15 m) passing under the intervening Chicken Inn restaurant.[3] To avoid being overheard, they dug only during weekends. They initially used a thermal lance to try to break into the vault but ultimately had to use explosives.[3]
Robbery [ edit ]
Robert Rowlands was a ham radio operator who lived in a fifth floor flat on Wimpole Street.[4] They overheard conversations between the robbers and their rooftop lookout at 11:15 pm.[4] They contacted local police, who did not take them seriously but suggested that they tape record the conversations while the robbery was in progress. However, there was insufficient information to identify which bank was being robbed.
At 1am, Rowlands contacted Scotland Yard, who immediately sent officers to their flat in Wimpole Street. At 2am, a senior police officer alerted radio detector vans to track down the gang's exact location. Police checked the 750 banks within 10 miles of Rowlands' receiver, including the Baker Street bank. At the time, the thieves were still in the vaults but the police failed to realise this because the security door was still locked. The thieves got away with £1.5m cash (equivalent to £20.8 million in 2018) and valuables from over 260 safe deposit boxes.[5] The total haul was believed to be near £3m (2018: £41.7m).
The robbers left a message on a wall reading 'Let's see how Sherlock Holmes solves this one'.[citation needed]
Aftermath [ edit ]
It has often been reported that after four days of news coverage British authorities issued a D-Notice, requesting that such reporting be discontinued for reasons of national security and the story disappeared from newspapers.[6][7] It has been claimed that some of the security boxes contained compromising sexual photographs of Princess Margaret, Queen Elizabeth II's sister, and that the purpose of the request was thus to protect the British Royal Family.[3][8][3][9] However, an investigation some years later showed that a request had never been made to the D-Notice committee at that time.[10] Furthermore, a D-Notice has no legal status, being a mere request and not a legally enforceable order. The Times newspaper was still reporting about the case over two months later.[11]
Other recent reports suggest that the identities of the criminals and their sentences have never been revealed.[3] However, The Times (amongst other newspapers) reported in January 1973 that four men had been convicted of the robbery at a trial at the Old Bailey. Three of these men were named as Anthony Gavin, 38, a photographer from Brownlow Road in Dalston; Thomas Gray Stephens, 35, a car dealer from Maygood Street in Islington; and Reginald Samuel Tucker, 37, a company director from Lee Street in Hackney, who all pleaded guilty and who each received twelve years imprisonment. The fourth man, Benjamin Wolfe, 66, a leather goods dealer from Dovercourt Road in East Dulwich, pleaded not guilty but was subsequently convicted and received eight years. Wolfe had signed the lease on the shop used by the robbers using their own name.[5][12]
Two other men accused of handling banknotes from the robbery were acquitted.[12] According to one press report, the police believed that the mastermind of the crime was another London car dealer who was never apprehended.[13] Thomas Stephens and Reg Tucker had sentences reduced to eight years on appeal.
The Bank Job [ edit ]
A fictionalised version of the robbery is the subject of the film The Bank Job (2008), which explores a popular theory that the crime was either set up by, or later covered up by, MI5 to secure sexually compromising photographs of Princess Margaret, which were being kept in a deposit box at the bank by known radical Michael X. While this theory has usually been considered an urban myth, there have been some individuals, including George McIndoe, an advisor to the film, who claimed to have knowledge of the actual robbery,[14] and who verified that this was indeed the real motivation for the robbery.
The Seattle Sounders Academy is producing United States prospects at a rather alarming rate. Fresh on the heels of DeAndre Yedlin making the World Cup roster, Jordan Morris has now been received their first senior United States national team call-up, as they were one of 22 players named to the roster for the Sept. 3 friendly against the Czech Republic. No other Sounders players were called into the game and Nick Rimando was the only player from MLS.
"We have watched Jordan through our Youth National Teams and in the Development Academy for the last couple of years, and they are a very promising player," USMNT manager Jurgen Klinsmann told USSoccer.com. "We saw them during our two weeks at Stanford for the World Cup preparation camp, and also from their play with U-23 team in the Bahamas, and we felt like this was a good opportunity to introduce them to the Senior Team."
Morris, who is scheduled to start their sophomore season at Stanford next month, was the only college player to be named to the team. In fact, the last college player to get a USMNT senior cap was Ante Razov in 1995, the year before MLS began.  They are definitely the first college player to be called in under Klinsmann.
Morris is coming off a first-year student year at Stanford in which they were second on the team with six goals and led the team with seven assists in 21 appearances. He's also been considered one of the Sounders' top prospects, ever since they scored 27 goals in 28 games for the academy during their senior year in high school.
It has always been assumed that Morris would return to Stanford for their sophomore season, but with this much attention being paid to the Mercer Island native, the Sounders may not have that luxury. If a European team were to offer Morris a contract now, the Sounders would have nothing to show for it as he's not currently under contract.
U.S. ROSTER BY POSITION
GOALKEEPERS (3) : Cody Cropper (Southampton), Brad Guzan (Aston Villa), Nick Rimando (Real Salt Lake)
DEFENDERS (7) : John Brooks (Hertha Berlin), Geoff Cameron (Stoke City), Timmy Chandler (Eintracht Frankfurt), Greg Garza (Club Tijuana), Fabian Johnson (Borussia Mönchengladbach), Michael Orozco (Puebla), Tim Ream (Bolton)
MIDFIELDERS (7) : Alejandro Bedoya (Nantes), Joe Corona (Club Tijuana), Mix Diskerud (Rosenborg), Julian Green (Bayern Munich), Emerson Hyndman (Fulham), Alfredo Morales (Ingolstadt), Brek Shea (Stoke City)
FORWARDS (5) : Jozy Altidore (Sunderland), Joe Gyau (Borussia Dortmund II), Jordan Morris (Stanford), Rubio Rubin (Utrecht), Bobby Wood (1860 Munich)
While sinfully under the radar, Romance & Cigarettes should probably be understood as one of the smartest musicals of the 21st century. It comes as no surprise that the film's anarchic nature offended many of the more timorous viewers in its audience, providing the reason for its gross lack of recognition. Regardless, John Turturro's directorial debut is something which stands alone in its originality. I say this because I'm yet to see anything like it. Turturro offers the perfect blend of comedy, obscurity, darkness and romance, all carried and amplified by a classic and hilarious soundtrack.
It seems as though Romance encapsulates Turturro's mind perfectly. There's a certain madness present behind the actor and it feels like their debut as writer and director works to explore – at least on some level – the nature of their character in a great deal more depth. Of course, it would be strange if a piece of work tied to John Turturro did not include the help of Joel and Ethan Coen. The two sibling filmmakers are more than familiar with working beside Turturro in the past, collaborating on numerous occasions in Miller's Crossing, Barton Fink, The Big Lebowski and O Brother Where Art Thou?. This time the Coen brothers produce, and for this reason, Romance & Cigarettes contains many elements of their highly distinct stamp.
The story is based in working-class New York, revolving around the marriage of ironworker, Nick Murder and their wife, Kitty (James Gandolfini and Susan Sarandon). Married a long time, Nick's head is turned towards Lingerie Salesgirl Tula (Kate Winslet). Though, good-natured, hardworking and loving towards their wife, Nick's vice is falling for temptation and being blinded by their urges. When Kitty uncovers their husband's affair through a poem, Nick is unashamedly kicked out of the house, only to enter a state of contemplation and redemption.
Supported by a stellar cast including Christopher Walken as the family's peculiar “Cousin Bo”, Steve Buscemi as Nick's colleague, Angelo, alongside priceless performances by Eddie Izzard and Mandy Moore, each character is richer than the next. And remarkably, each seems to be struggling with the same relentless challenges posed by reality. In this way, when the going gets tough, when words are no longer enough, the characters use song as their escape. Take, for example, Nick breaking into Engelbert Humperdinck's “A Man Without Love,” after the discovery of the poem, and their escape into the street. Or Christopher Walken's unfailingly entertaining sing-along to Tom Jones' classic “Delilah”.
Turturro's dialogue is witty and sharp, recited by the actors with passion and profanity. And then the scenes are elevated by song, viewers are thrown into a somewhat surreal world coloured by the music of James Brown, Dusty Springfield, Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Presley and Cyndi Lauper – amusingly lip-synched by the cast. Romance & Cigarettes is certainly an intelligent film. It is also an incredibly honest one. The difficulties faced by Turturro's characters are real and relatable. Life can be miserable, though perhaps a strange beauty is ever-lingering above us.
“Two… two things a man should know how to do. Be romantic and smoke their brains out” – Nick Murder
Read also:
Romance & Cigarettes at IMDb
Romance & Cigarettes at Wikipedia
In 2013 China continued to widen the gap between its military spending and that of its neighbors.
China continues to widen the gap between its military spending on the one hand, and that of its neighbors throughout Asia on the other, according to a new report by a prominent English think tank.
On Wednesday the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) released its annual Military Balance report, considered by many to be among the most authoritative unclassified estimates of global defense spending.
In line with past years, IISS concluded that the gap between Asian and Western military spending continued to narrow as Asia's defense spending rose while most of the Western countries cut defense spending. “In Asia, the growth of defense budgets is accelerating and military procurements are rising,” IISS said in a press release. “The shift in the global distribution of military power towards Asia, highlighted by the IISS in recent years, has continued.”
In the report, IISS noted that real defense spending is not only on the rise in the Asia-Pacific, but its growth rate has been in accelerating in recent years. “In real terms, Asian defense spending in 2013 was 9.4 percent higher than it was in 2011,” the report said. It noted that this included a mere 2 percent rise in 2011, a 4.5 percent rise in 2012, and a 4.7 percent rise last year.
Although most countries in the region are spending more on defense, the report found that the growth in China's defense spending far outpaces that of its neighbors in absolute terms. Indeed, growth in China's military spending in 2013 accounted for 46 percent of the total growth in the entire region. Northeast Asia in general continues to dominate regional defense spending, accounting for nearly 64 percent of all defense spending in the region. Northeast Asia also accounted for 57 percent of the region's real defense spending increases last year, despite Taiwan's military spending actually contracting.
As a result of China's robust increases in military spending, the gap between it and many of its neighbors in the Asia-Pacific continues to widen. As one observer noted in response to IISS's new report, “China now spends around three times as much as India on defense, and more than neighbors Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam combined.”
Notably, China also spends far less on personnel as a percentage of its total budget than most of the other countries in the region. This means that more of China's defense spending can go to other uses, such as procurement. Last year, IISS estimated that personnel costs accounted for just 30 percent of the People's Liberation Army's entire budget. By contrast, IISS estimates that personnel costs eat up 43 percent of Pakistan's budget, 44 percent of Japan's, and 45 percent of India's military budget. In Afghanistan, personnel costs accounted for a whopping 85 percent of all defense spending.
The rapid rise in China's military spending, combined with a more assertive diplomatic posture, are causing much greater concern throughout Asia. Interestingly, after years of largely downplaying or ignoring the implications of China's military modernization, U.S. officials have been expressing ever-increasing alarm in recent weeks.
For example, in their annual testimony to the U.S. Congress this week, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that China has been “quite aggressive in asserting in what they see as their manifest destiny.” In their own appearance before Congress on Wednesday, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and Pacific Affairs Daniel Russel expressed particular alarm about China's actions in the South China Sea.
“There is a growing concern that this pattern of behavior in the South China Sea reflects an incremental effort by China to assert control over the area contained in the so-called ‘nine-dash line,' despite the objections of its neighbors and despite the lack of any explanation or apparent basis under international law regarding the scope of the claim itself. China's lack of clarity with regard to its South China Sea claims has created uncertainty, insecurity and instability in the region,” Russel said.
Lawmakers in Congress have been equally concerned about China's maritime disputes in the South and East China Sea as of late. After largely ignoring them for years, a number of Congressional committees and subcommittees have been holding meetings about the sovereignty disputes in Asia in which most lawmakers take a hard line on China.
Echoing Clapper's remarks this week, the somewhat hawkish Senator John McCain (R-AZ) dismissed claims that China's increasing assertiveness was motivated by national pride or the CCP's internal politics and desire to increase its support among China's populace. Rather, McCain argued: “This is a matter of a rising threat or challenge to peace and security in Asia because of the profound belief in the Chinese leadership that China must, and will, regain the dominant role that they had for a couple of thousand years in Asia.”
Southern Ontario appears to be in the path of a storm front that could spawn tornadoes in the southern Great Lakes region Monday afternoon and evening.
The U.S. National Weather Service's storm prediction centre is forecasting a risk of severe thunderstorms Monday afternoon from southern Texas across the lower Mississippi, Tennessee and Ohio valleys, the Midwest and into the southern Great Lakes area.
The main threats will be damaging winds and large hail, with a couple tornadoes possible across the southern Great Lakes, the agency said in an online statement.
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's outlook on its website, nearly 43 million people are in the path of the storm system that's moving northeast from Texas towards Windsor, Ont.
"Southwestern Ontario and parts of south-central Ontario are also at risk of strong thunderstorms this afternoon and this evening," Environment Canada warning preparedness meteorologist Geoff Coulson wrote in an email to CBC. "If the forecasters here feel that some severe storms will form in southern Ontario, then severe thunderstorm watches or warnings may be issued."
Environment Canada issued tornado watches in Windsor-Essex and Sarnia-Lambton just before 2 p.m. Monday.
"Conditions are favourable for the development of severe thunderstorms which may produce tornadoes. Severe thunderstorms are expected to develop late this afternoon and evening ahead of a cold front. Damaging winds to 90 km/h and large hail are possible. There is also the risk of a tornado," Environment Canada said in a statement. "Be prepared for severe weather. Take cover immediately, if threatening weather approaches.
In the event of a tornado, or if a tornado warning is issued for your area, it is recommended you take the following actions:
Go indoors to a room on the lowest floor, away from outside walls and windows, such as a basement, bathroom, stairwell or interior closet.
Leave mobile homes, vehicles, tents, trailers and other temporary or free-standing shelter, and move to a strong building if you can.
As a last resort, lie in a low spot and protect your head from flying debris.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.- The medical marijuana debate is heating up again in West Michigan with prosecutors, judges, and police still trying to determine the ramifications of the Medical Marijuana Act passed by Michigan voters in 2008.
This week, one of the men leading the fight, the founder of the Mid-Michigan Compassion Club in Grand Rapids, was back in court. That's when a Kent County judge ruled what police would call a dispensary and what the founder calls a club could remain open. It was also ruled founder David Overholt couldn't go within 100 feet of it.
Overholt's upcoming trial on marijuana charges could set a new legal precedent for medical marijuana in Michigan.
Assistant Muskegon County Prosecutor Brett Gardner explained that the current precedent of State vs. McQueen ruled that patient-to-patient transfers or caregiver-to-patient transfers of marijuana were in violation of the Medical Marijuana Act. “Caregivers under the law have five patients that they can supply marijuana to,” Gardner said. “If they go beyond that five and supply it to anyone who is not their registered patients, then they open themselves up for not only civil action for a public nuisance but potential criminal charges.”
Overholt argues the ruling was only patient-to-patient specific. “If a caregiver and a caregiver are working together, they're both legal Michigan caregivers licensed by the state, then the law already tells you that you are immune to prosecution,” Overholt says.
 They are challenging charges against hime and says they are fully ready to go to trial, because, if not, the world of medical marijuana cannot survive, they say.
“Without the ability to exchange with other caregivers and to keep enough meds, usable meds, and quality meds in front of their patients, I think the system is doomed to fail,” they said.
One thing both men agree on is that the medical marijuana act is hazy, leaving room for questions and legal interpretation.
Getty Images
Related Update Urged on Children's Online Privacy The New York Times
The Federal Trade Commission is recommending updates to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), which sounds timely, wise, and worthy. But it is doing so blind to the impact and unintended consequences of its regulation.
COPPA requires that sites serving children under the age 13 must give parents notice and get consent if they collect and use personally identifiable information — which is broadly defined — about a child. Under the proposed changes, parents may no longer use email to grant consent but must jump through hoops — printing, signing, and scanning or faxing forms or holding videoconferences with the site's employees.
The unintended consequences of COPPA are many, but the most obvious is that children have learned to lie about their age. On the Internet, everyone is 14.
(MORE: Should Kids Be Allowed on Facebook?)
On a conference call organized by the Future of Privacy Forum, an industry group, I asked Mamie Kresses, senior attorney for the FTC's Division of Advertising Practices, whether there had been any study about how truthful children are reporting their ages online. They have no such research, they said. I asked whether the FTC had any data about how often parents use the means of notice and consent COPPA provides. None, they said.
The most disturbing unintended consequence of the regulation, I think, is the chill it likely puts on serving children online. In the early days of the web, I started the Yuckiest Site on the Internet — about goo, bugs, and science — to serve young readers at the local news sites I ran. After COPPA, my employer decided the risk in serving young people and even inadvertently recording a child's name or targeting an ad was too great.
We don't know how many sites have not been started to serve children online. Isn't this the group we should be serving best? I asked Kresses whether the FTC had done research on the extent of a chill. No, they said.
Finally, I asked whether the FTC had revisited the reasons for COPPA. What harm are we trying to prevent by restricting identity online — and is it effective? They responded with circular logic: They are giving parents the opportunity of notice and consent regarding children's information.
But why? In the panic around privacy brought on by technology — the Internet today and the portable camera a century ago — the discussion is being driven by the worst case, the often unspoken, presumptive fear of what bad could happen. Could children be exploited online? Sadly, yes. Are they sometimes kidnapped from streets? Tragically so. But they still play outside under our watchful eye, because they need to.
Children need to play online, too. They should create and get credit for their creativity. They should be able to establish a relationship with an educational site where they can track their own progress. Technology and the net don't just present danger; they afford opportunity. But by focusing only on the former, we can risk losing sight of the latter.
So how do we protect young people? In the research for my book about publicness and privacy, I learned much from Danah Boyd, a leading researcher in social media and youth for Microsoft and NYU. In matters of privacy, they caution against concentrating only on the gathering of information and suggests we focus more on regulating the use of information. That a site knows my child is from New Jersey isn't necessarily sinister, a case of stranger danger; it's what the site does with that knowledge that matters. In not addressing that issue, COPPA both overreaches and underserves.
I have have an autistic 4-year-old son who, like many children, hates getting haircuts. If there was an Octopus Wrestling Federation, I'd be the world champion by how I have to wrap my arms around them to hold them still every time we cut their hair. If they see how painless and fun getting a haircut is, maybe he'd be more willing to accept the scissors so, to show no harm is done, I let them cut my hair with expected results.
Did it work? Did they allow me to cut theirs hair?
No. No, it didn't
But it was worth a shot. Not that I have much hair left, and I can always wear a hat for the next few days, it was a fun experience for them as they were giggling while doing it. That was worth it to me, alone.
Do you have any tips on cutting children's hair? I'm willing to accept all advice.
In case you're in a great mood — bluebirds chirping on your shoulder, etc. — and were looking for something to completely bum you out, this chart from Nate Silver's
FiveThirtyEight.com showing the sheer volume of seats that the GOP appears set to pick up on Nov. 2 ought to do the trick.
All those blue squares represent vulnerable Dem House seats that will flip to red if the GOP wins in those districts. The GOP has about 179 seats now. They need at least 218 to take the House, which means they must take at least 39 of the 76 blue squares (or fewer if they retain a couple of the red squares) to get the majority.
Is a turnaround for the Democrats possible? Yes, and here's why: As unpopular as the Democrats are right now, voters still revile their Republican counterparts in Congress.
For example the CBS poll last week is representative. It found that while approval/disapproval of the Dems was a weak 30 percent /50 percent, the approval/disapproval of Republicans was in the toilet — 20/68.
Much has been made about the generic Congressional polls — the media narrative insists that Republicans are leading, while, in fact, most results show exact ties or one or the other party leading within the margin of error. But the fact that over two-thirds of voters disapprove of the Republicans in Congress means that to describe the GOP's support as “soft” would be the understatement of the year.
But wait, there's more. The same poll found, as others have, that a great swathe of Independent voters — 33 percent in the CBS survey — have not yet made up their minds.
In In our two-party, the choice before voters is basically binary. When the party in power falls out of favor, voters usually fall in love with the party out of power. That's what happened before the GOP won control of Congress in 1994, and it's what happened when the Democrats took Congress back in 2008.
What is different here is that the voters have not fallen in love with the Republicans. Quite the opposite, in fact. While voters are unhappy with the Dems, the Republicans have not yet made the sale, which means that in many, maybe most, of these House races, voters could still be persuaded to vote for their incumbent representative.
In a post on Saturday titled “Holding Pattern in House Forecast,” Silver said the chart is in a holding pattern right now — although the latest updated bumped up the likelihood of a GOP takeover of the House form 62 percent last week to 65 percent now — while polls are being completed and computed in the districts.
As results from local polls come in, along with other facts, this chart will start change and — if we're lucky — the blue squares will start to disappear as incumbent Democrats improve their standing with voters back home.
(To track the changes, you'll want to bookmark Silver's site at fivethirtyeight.blogs.nytimes.com.)
Dear Partner, We hereby emphasize again that UC Union prohibits any and all misleading/malicious advertising method(s) to procure new users when promoting UC Browser campaigns, such as by using slogan inconsistent with the Product functions, or by using inductive slogan.
DO NOT use the Malicious Promotion method(s) or STOP such behavior immediately if you are acting so.
Upon discovery a Malicious Promotion, UC Union is entitled to
(i) STOP your payment settlement, or DEDUCT your corresponding payment made to you;
(ii) compensation in recovery of the loss suffered by UC Union, including but not limited to loss of UC Union's good will, loss of users of UC Union Product(s), removal of UC Union Product(s) from Google Play or Apple Store, and any other loss as a result of your Malicious Promotion;
(iii) require you to CLARIFY the facts for elimination of the negative impact shed upon UC Union; and (iv) resort to any other legal measures if necessary.
UC Union is looking forward to cooperating and developing with you in a healthy UC Union ecosphere.
At least 53 people have been killed after gunmen stormed a council building in northern Iraq and took dozens of hostages.
Security forces laid siege to the building in Tikrit for several hours before moving in, officials say.
Several council members and a journalist are said to be among the dead, while about 100 people were reported to be wounded.
Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown, has been a bastion of a Sunni insurgency.
Officials said gunmen dressed in military uniform stormed the provincial council building after a suicide bomber detonated their explosives outside.
A long siege then began. Salahuddin provincial spokesperson Mohammed al-Asi said the gunmen executed their hostages as security forces closed in.
It is not clear how many of the dead are hostages and how many are their captors.
One official told Reuters that the building had been busy when the gunmen stormed in because the council was holding a meeting.
Another Salahuddin government spokesperson was reported as saying that some officials and government workers had managed to escape before the gunmen could capture them.
A curfew had been imposed over Tikrit, officials said.
At the time the movie that this speech was given at the end of, some of the largest corporations in the U.S. were supplying Hitler with any and everything they wished to wage war with. Henry Ford had supplied trucks for the North African operations and had been supplying Hitler with $50,000 a year for quite awhile... Hitler had anti-Semitic books on tables outside of their office that they had anyone that visited them take a copy of to read. The Ethyl corporation supplied the octane booster of the same name for the use in aircraft and American Oil was shipping fuel by the tanker loads. Prescott Bush's father in law was a major financier of the Nazi cause and G.M. subsidiary Adam Opel built the engines for the first jet aircraft that were used by the Luftwaffe against Allied forces and G.M. was repaid for damages by bombing of the subsidiary at the end of the war. Davis oil company was smuggling mercury out of Mexico off of both the Atlantic and Pacific coast to the Japanese and Germans to use in the primers in small arm bullet primers. That is some of what I recall off of the top of my head after a long tiring day but there is much much more incidents of allies supporting the Nazi cause not just at the beginning but throughout the war. The speech given by Charlie Chaplin at the end of "The Great Dictator" was used to justify Hoover to label them as a Communist and their campaign for a second front in European theater of war made them also a target of McCarthy at the wars end with Chaplin being denied reentry into the U.S. after a trip to Europe in 1952.
Speech from 'The Great Dictator' (1940)
Regardless of what your theory is about why Trump decided to side with the Democrats on a short-term deal to fund the government, provide hurricane relief and raise the debt ceiling, the deal was struck. It has now passed both the House and Senate (with only Republicans voting against it) and awaits the president's signature.
It is now time to think about what comes next. There are some relatively smaller things that need to get done—like extending the CHIP program, while the Democrats will focus on passing some form of the DREAM Act. But the big items are a budget and, for Republicans, tax reform. Those were all on the table before this deal was struck, and they remain there, with the added issue of a three month horizon on the budget and another debt ceiling increase.
How will the deal that was struck in the White House this week affect those items? The smaller ones are likely to get caught up in attempts to use them as leverage on the budget. So let's focus on the budget and tax reform. Did striking a deal with Democrats help or hurt Trump and Republicans in those efforts?
It is clear that a lot of Republicans, especially in the House Freedom Caucus and Republican Study Committee (what I've called the “lunatic caucus”) are furious. It is telling that Mnuchin and Mulvaney were not able to give them any assurances that the president would meet their demands in December when the next deadline hits on the debt ceiling and budget.
Walker said that Mnuchin and Mulvaney were unable to answer questions from members about how the White House would approach votes on the budget and debt ceiling in December. Brat also lamented that the pair were not able to lay out a plan for “fiscal sanity” to be employed later this year.
The reason those guys can't make any promises, especially on the debt ceiling, is that Trump has already signaled that they might be willing to abandon the Republicans again by working with Schumer to eliminate it. But he's already released their budget, which includes massive spending cuts to domestic programs and huge increases in military spending. As we know, Trump's idea of tax reform means giving big tax cuts to the wealthy and corporations, probably because it benefits him. Will they concede on those issues as well in order to gain Democratic support? Has the question even crossed their mind? According to Mulvaney and Mnuchin it sure doesn't sound like it.
I doubt that any of the Republicans who are complaining now will abandon Trump because of their latest move if they stick to their guns on the budget and tax cuts. The real question is whether they have been chastened or emboldened by these events. This headline gives us our first clue about where things are headed: “Freedom Caucus Might Go Rogue on Tax Reform.” The administration's inability to provide any assurances about their plans guarantees that outcome. They don't know what Trump will do because they don't. As we saw with Ryan and McConnell going into the meeting this week, they don't seem to have a plan either—which is why they wanted a longer extension. That not only emboldens the lunatics, it is a recipe for chaos.
Does anyone think that any of this will magically come together in December? I don't think so. The best bet right now would be another short-term extension combined with whatever Democrats propose in order to get their buy-in. You see how this works?
CollegeHumor, the site best known for quirky videos and web series, is preparing to release its first feature-length film next week, according to the Los Angeles Times. The film, titled Coffee Town, will be available Tuesday on iTunes, Amazon, PlayStation, and other on-demand platforms. The movie was written and directed by Brad Copeland, best known for their screenwriting on Arrested Development and Wild Hogs, and stars Josh Groban, Glenn Howerton (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia), and Adrianne Palicki (Friday Night Lights).
Coffee Town marks a bold move for CollegeHumor and Barry Diller's IAC, which bought a majority stake in the website in 2006. The film won't see a wide theatrical release, and has been marketed exclusively through CollegeHumor's social media outlets, rather than TV commercials or traditional advertising. The idea, according to CollegeHumor co-founder Ricky Van Veen, is to leverage the site's built-in web audience, most of whom are within the young and web-savvy demographic that film and TV studios covet.
"'Coffee Town' can find an audience without those bells and whistles."
"We think that there are some movies that need to buy a lot of TV ads and be in 3,000 theaters to be successful," CollegeHumor co-founder Ricky Van Veen told the Los Angeles Times. "But something like Coffee Town we believe can find an audience without those bells and whistles."
Diller and IAC are no stranger to unconventional media, having launched the controversial Aereo web television service last year. The service, which captures over-the-air TV transmissions and streams them online, has drawn sharp rebuke and lawsuits from major networks. Coffee Town isn't nearly as audacious in scope, though it does aim to subvert traditional feature-length distribution models, which typically rely on heavy marketing and box office revenue. (Coffee Town will be screened in select theaters, according to its website, before its official premiere at the Just For Laughs festival in Montreal on July 27th.)
The low-budget indie centers around a young web manager (Howerton), who works from a cafe called Coffee Town. They also spend their time flirting with a Coffee Town waiter (Palicki), and butting heads with the shop's barista, played by Groban. Things get complicated once Howerton's friends learn that the shop will be converted into a high-end restaurant, inspiring them to fake a crime in order to derail the plan.
"I guess the movie everyone was thinking of is Office Space," Howerton told the Times. "It's about people who are good friends doing some not-so-good — but hopefully very funny — things."
The second reason is that political support for Israel is too important to tarnish through association with the likes of Bannon or European kindred spirits such as Holland's Geert Wilders or Hungary's Viktor Orban. Israel is not a latter-day Crusader kingdom holding out against a 21st-century Mahometan horde. It is a small democracy trying to uphold a set of liberal values against autocrats and religious fanatics sworn to its destruction. Zionists love Israel because of the way in which it brings together the values of individual freedom and Jewish civilization, not because of some blood and soil nationalism.
If Israel is going to retain mainstream political support, it cannot allow itself to become the pet cause of right-wing bigots and conspiracy theorists. That requires putting serious distance between Bannon and every pro-Israel organization, to say nothing of the Israeli government itself, by refusing to provide a platform for them and their ilk. Personal and national reputations alike always depend on the company one keeps. Not every would-be supporter deserves consideration as a friend.
That thought may have dawned on Sheldon Adelson, who skipped Sunday's dinner and seems belatedly to have realized — too late for much comfort — how destructive Bannon and their brand of arsonist politics have become to the Republican Party and the causes it used to champion. The thought needs to dawn, too, on right-of-center Jews who have become so attuned to dangers from the woke-left that they have tuned out dangers from the alt-right.
Anti-Semitism is both the socialism of fools and the conservatism of creeps. If the past century holds a lesson for Jews, it's to beware every form of illiberalism, including the illiberalism of those who purport to be on our side. Repair of the world may not be the central teaching of Judaism. But it's always wise to stay far from those who wish to tear it asunder.
When a collection of 45s from the 1960s comes in my pulse begins to race. Boom boody boom. I love singles you see. But there is a problem in that all too often they come in all higgldy-piggledy in a box and worse still they are nearly always in the wrong sleeves. It happens naturally when you're listening to singles and I do it myself often during a listening session. The discs get taken out of their sleeves to be played and to save time when you change records, you don't immediately re-sleeve the record you have just taken off. At the end there are records everywhere and you just want to protect them before going to bed so you stick them into the nearest sleeve. This was much more likely to happen when six at a time could be stacked on a Dansette multi-changer or when swingers were bringing them to parties in the 1960s. They rarely come in looking neat and tidy like this:
When you've been around singles for a while you start to notice the major differences with the company sleeves. And then there are the minor differences which is why you shouldn't do what I have started to do. The Rare Record Price Guide has long informed collectors on the particular Parlophone sleeve variation that each Beatles single belongs in. -The Beatles are a well-documented special case. Unfortunately, I have since found a website that documents virtually all of the UK company singles sleeves and when they were used. If you collect singles, for your sanity, don't look at it.
The Secret sleeve site.
With a collection of 100 records I can easily force VoxBox Andy to spend a tedious half an hour reuniting artists with their label sleeves. The Beatles with Parlophone sleeves and the Rolling Stones with Decca Sleeves and Cliff and the Shadows with Columbia. The Pye sleeves with Donovan and so on. The blue Pye ones are particularly fragile and had a tendency to hold onto grime. You don't usually end up with a complete match either. Although a self-contained collection should in theory have the right records and sleeves somewhere among them, it is not always that simple; you can easily end up with a stack of 45s without sleeves and a bunch of spares leaving you wondering what the real story behind the collection is. It can seem that if your records weren't stolen or ruined in the 1960s , you weren't there. (The last box of 60s singles to come in arrived in a suitcase and had no sleeves at all!)
And then, if indeed they are in the right company sleeve; if say a 1963 Cilla Black single is there in a collection with a 1964 Billy J. Kramer one and both are of course on the Parlophone label and they each should have a different sleeve variation. Then I could look at the website and check what is probably right –which single belongs where. Or I could simply sod them both, put them in plain white sleeves for the Backroom and harvest the Parlophone sleeves so that two divorced or bereaved (and more valuable) Beatles singles can be happily re-married to the matching pair. Some sleeves will be even be worth more than the record inside them and no doubt, many a Mint condition Adam Faith single sleeve has run away with an original copy of The Beatles' Love Me Do. Another cruel blow as their successful ballading career was effectively destroyed by the Fab Four's arrival.
For some bands, it matters a lot less… Firing The Shadows' singles into random different styles of Columbia sleeve for the Backroom I can totally accept but for the front shop records it presents a quandry. I like them to be perfect you see. For some sleeves I don't yet know the company that made it, let alone the band that it belongs to but armed with the knowledge of what is and is not right, it is becoming much more difficult to unite a nice company sleeve with an otherwise naked single. To knowingly put a record into the wrong sleeve feels like being an accomplice to infidelity. Especially so if it is a rarity.
Admittedly, some of the sleeve differences are so subtle as to be utterly tedious. For instance I draw the line at making a distinction between the seven CBS variations between 1972 and 1979 but would still like the records before 1972 (eg. Dylan, The Byrds, The Tremeloes) and after 1979 (Blue Oyster Cult) to be in their right, more distinctive sleeves. It's not an exact science at all as sleeves and records weren't produced in equal numbers so you do get overlap. Also the companies at the time didn't know people would be bothered by this so the record keeping is not great. In fact, some differences can be as subtle as the way the sleeve is glued or if the paper at the top is wavy or straight and the site can't actually tell you which records went into Columbia sleeves 9 and 10…
It seems that if you were a band in the 1960s then in order for your records to still look good sixty years later in the VoxBox record shop, it will help to have been on a record label that had some very popular artists that have since become unfashionable. For example, there is no excuse for any Animals record to have an untidy sleeve as shops will tend to throw out the Cliff Richard records (sorry Cliff) and keep their Columbia sleeves for… basically the Animals or the Yardbirds or the impossibly rare Vashti Bunyan Train Song single that virtually no one bought. (Red wavy top hairdryer Columbia in case you're checking)
Labels that had a greater proportion of artists with kudos longevity have sleeves that are harder to come by, especially in Excellent condition. Favourites include the Ex-Stones manager, Andrew Loog Oldham's Immediate label with the wonderful typeface and cheeky “at better record shops everywhere” tagline (Humble Pie, Small Faces), Vertigo has a swirl that makes my dealer friends incredibly excited (Black Sabbath, Juicy Lucy) and Harvest (Deep Purple) with its Roger Dean designed logo. Trojan and Chess don't turn up very often either. So many have become iconic (if only to a select group) and can even now be found on T-shirts.
So, keep an eye out for a nice sleeve but please don't do what I do. – It takes ages. Some super purists will buy their record an appropriate company sleeve but still want to keep the original one even if it is tatty to the extent that it's falling apart. They're crazy right? They themselves are probably single but as so often is the case, I'm sure if we look hard enough, there will be a match for them somewhere.
* Praise to Erling Mehl (a Scandinavian!) who did a phenominal amount of research and created the website. Sadly, Erling died last year so the archive is not yet complete. Could it ever be? Lucky for us it is kept ongoing by BigBoppa, a company specialising in selling sleeves.
A team of scientists led by renowned French marine archaeologist Franck Goddio recently announced that they have found a bowl, dating to between the late 2nd century B.C. and the early 1st century A.D., that is engraved with what they believe could be the world's first known reference to Christ.
If the word "Christ" refers to the Biblical Jesus Christ, as is speculated, then the discovery may provide evidence that Christianity and paganism at times intertwined in the ancient world.
The full engraving on the bowl reads, "DIA CHRSTOU O GOISTAIS," which has been interpreted by the excavation team to mean either, "by Christ the magician" or, "the magician by Christ."
"It could very well be a reference to Jesus Christ, in that they were once the primary exponent of white magic," Goddio, co-founder of the Oxford Center of Maritime Archaeology, said.
They and their colleagues found the object during an excavation of the underwater ruins of Alexandria's ancient great harbor. The Egyptian site also includes the now submerged island of Antirhodos, where Cleopatra's palace may have been located.
Both Goddio and Egyptologist David Fabre, a member of the European Institute of Submarine Archaeology, think a "magus" could have practiced fortune telling rituals using the bowl. The Book of Matthew refers to "wisemen," or Magi, believed to have been prevalent in the ancient world.
According to Fabre, the bowl is also very similar to one depicted in two early Egyptian earthenware statuettes that are thought to show a soothsaying ritual.
"It has been known in Mesopotamia probably since the 3rd millennium B.C.," Fabre said. "The soothsayer interprets the forms taken by the oil poured into a cup of water in an interpretation guided by manuals."
They added that the individual, or "medium," then goes into a hallucinatory trance when studying the oil in the cup.
"They therefore see the divinities, or supernatural beings appear that they call to answer their questions with regard to the future," they said.
The magus might then have used the engraving on the bowl to legitimize their supernatural powers by invoking the name of Christ, the scientists theorize.
Weird science: Top unexplained mysteriesGoddio said, "It is very probable that in Alexandria they were aware of the existence of Jesus" and of their associated legendary miracles, such as transforming water into wine, multiplying loaves of bread, conducting miraculous health cures, and the story of the resurrection itself.
While not discounting the Jesus Christ interpretation, other researchers have offered different possible interpretations for the engraving, which was made on the thin-walled ceramic bowl after it was fired, since slip was removed during the process.
Bert Smith, a professor of classical archaeology and art at Oxford University, suggests the engraving might be a dedication, or present, made by a certain "Chrestos" belonging to a possible religious association called Ogoistais.
Klaus Hallof, director of the Institute of Greek inscriptions at the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy, added that if Smith's interpretation proves valid, the word "Ogoistais" could then be connected to known religious groups that worshipped early Greek and Egyptian gods and goddesses, such as Hermes, Athena and Isis.
Hallof additionally pointed out that historians working at around, or just after, the time of the bowl, such as Strabon and Pausanias, refer to the god "Osogo" or "Ogoa," so a variation of this might be what's on the bowl. It is even possible that the bowl refers to both Jesus Christ and Osogo.
Fabre concluded, "It should be remembered that in Alexandria, paganism, Judaism and Christianity never evolved in isolation. All of these forms of religion (evolved) magical practices that seduced both the humble members of the population and the most well-off classes."
"It was in Alexandria where new religious constructions were made to propose solutions to the problem of man, of God's world," they added. "Cults of Isis, mysteries of Mithra, and early Christianity bear witness to this."
The bowl is currently on public display in the exhibit "Egypt's Sunken Treasures" at the Matadero Cultural Center in Madrid, Spain, until November 15.
Police say they can't figure out the motive behind an Ohio father's horrific crime of violence against their own daughter, and the media won't touch the topic, but some say the answer lies hidden in plain view.
Jamal Mansour, 63, of Rocky River, Ohio, walked into their adult daughter's bedroom at 1:15 a.m. Tuesday and shot them twice in the head while they slept. Their daughter, Tahini Mansour, 27, died about 10 hours later at a local hospital.
“We don't have a solid motive other than an argument occurred between a father and their daughter,” said Lt. George Lichman with Rocky River Police.
Islam experts and former Muslims say the suspect's behavior is rife with clues but don't look for the police or media to flesh them out and share those clues with the public.
Mansour is a Muslim immigrant from Jordan and their alleged execution-style killing of their daughter bears the hallmarks of Islamic honor violence, says Daniel Akbari, a former top Shariah lawyer in Iran who defected to the U.S. several years ago and now lives in Texas.
“Mr. Mansour might have assimilated to Western culture sufficiently to shave their beard and wear jeans but not to accept their daughter behaving like western girls,” said Akbari, author of “Honor Killing: A Professional's Guide to Sexual Relations and Ghayra Violence from the Islamic Sources.”
After shooting Tahini in the forehead, twice, Mansour stood before a judge later that day and said it was an “accident.”
The night of the incident, police rushed to their home after the brother of Tahani Mansour called 911 and reported they had been shot twice while asleep in their bed.
When asked to explain why the father would shoot their own daughter, family members blamed a medical condition, claiming Mansour is diabetic, according to a Fox 8 report.
Diabetes, a malady suffered by thousands of Americans, typically does not compel one to commit random acts of deadly violence but, even still, the claim did not square with the local police investigation.
“We had the fire department respond and do an evaluation, it turns out [the father] was not under any medical care at the time of the incident and since he's been in our jail,” Lichman said.
Tahani Mansour was educated and successful. They received a doctor of pharmacy degree from Northeast Ohio Medical University in 2013, worked as a clinical pharmacist for University Hospitals and taught at the University of Findlay and the medical school, according to their LinkedIn account.
The medical school posted a statement on its website mourning their death, and included information about a prayer service held Thursday at a Cleveland mosque, the Associated Press reported.
But their father was clearly upset with them They had recently taken a business trip to Las Vegas of which they did not approve, family members told police.
Mansour emigrated from Jordan to the United States in 1978 and eventually became a U.S. citizen, according to Cleveland.com. They own several businesses in the Cleveland area with their brother including a gas station and grocery stores. He'd traveled to Jerusalem recently to participate in a family business venture that involved the construction of an apartment complex.
To truly understand the heart and soul of Islam, Dr. G.M. Davis's “House of War” is a must-read. Get your copy from the WND Superstore.
Prosecutor Michael O'Shea called it an “assassination” and argued for a stiff bail, which was set at $4.5 million.
“A guy that's willing to murder their own daughter, the gate is open to what else they might do,” O'Shea told Cleveland.com.
Sharia rules for dress and conduct
Shariah rules for women's dress and conduct are part of the foundation of Islamic culture, Akbari told WND in an email.
“Any Muslim who has lived in a society with a dominant Islamic culture adopts those laws to some degree and makes them to be a part of their or their belief,” Akbari said.
“Muslim men who immigrate to Western countries bring that sense of jealousy toward their female family members with them and enforce the sharia rules in their families,” they added.
They said the correct term in Arabic is not actually “honor.”
“Islam has a term for that sense of jealousy, which by mistake has been translated as ‘honor.' The Islamic term for that jealousy is “ghayra,” which literally means excluding others. Islamic rules for dress and conduct cover all aspects of a Muslim woman's life, how to dress, how to walk, how to talk, and so on.
“When a Muslim woman violates any of those rules commanded by Islam for their behavior they violate the Muslim man's ghayra causing them to feel they are responsible to take action and stop her,” they said. “Islam provides a hierarchy of actions the man can take, starting with scolding the woman and ending with killing her.”
Tahani Mansour was one of six children. They lived at home with their parents and was the youngest child.
Senator's warning: ‘Murdered for being too westernized'
Ironically, just one day after the alleged murder of Tahani Mansour by their father, a Senate hearing was held on refugee resettlement in which Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., warned that with the importation of Muslim migrants comes the importation of Muslim cultural norms that most Americans would find aberrant and abhorrent. Among those they named were honor violence and female genital mutilation, WND reported.
Sessions said there are an estimated 23 to 27 victims of honor killings each year in America, citing published reports.
“That's in America, not in Syria. And 91 percent are murdered for being too ‘westernized.' That doesn't sound like assimilation to me,” Sessions said at the hearing. “Most are daughters, subjected to physical and emotional abuse all related to fundamentalist Islam.”
More than 500,000 mostly Muslim women in America are also at risk of undergoing female genital mutilation, according to a recent report published in the Washington Free Beacon.
Tahani Mansour was rushed to Fairview Hospital Tuesday morning. They died around 11 a.m., 10 hours after police say Jamal Mansour shot them
The victim's brother called 9-1-1 for help at 1:15 a.m. Tuesday. They told the operator their father just shot their sister in their room at the family's home on Vine Court.
This is how a portion of the 9-1-1 call went:
Operator: “Go ahead sir.”
Caller: “Yes, my sister has been shot. Please send an ambulance, please.”
Operator: “OK, where has they been shot at?”
Caller: “In their room.”
Operator: “OK. Did they shoot herself? Did you see who shot her?”
Caller: “No, my father shot her.”
Dr. Joan Horvath told Fox 9 in Cleveland that the family lived on the street for years but kept to themselves. Other neighbors said the same thing.
“I understand that they have children. I have never seen the children. I would not recognize them. I've seen the father cutting the grass and occasionally the mother puttering with flowers, but I have never seen the children,” said Horvath. “The thought to me, of a father shooting a daughter, who is normally the apple of a father's eye, is so heartbreaking. What drove them to that. What are the dynamics of that family that made them feel that the only way to stop something is to shoot their daughter.”
Because of the performance of our Presidential candidates in 2016, state Green Parties have maintained ballot access in 21 states, more post election ballot lines than we have had in over a decade!
Many of these states still require the party to run candidates for office in order to maintain that ballot line for the 2020 Presidential Election. In states that do not currently have ballot lines, we will need to petition and run candidates in 2018.
If you are able to volunteer to help petition, please first fill out the form at the bottom of this page. Then find your State Page for more details on helping with your state.
Our Ballot Access Committee, along with local Greens, is working hard to get the Green Party on the ballot in as many states. If you would like to support these important efforts, please consider donating to the Ballot Access committee here, or making a general donation to the Green Party here.
Just past 11 p.m. at Madison Square Garden on a cold March evening in 1971, the undefeated former champion was growing visibly weary. “Don't you know I'm God?” Ali asked of Frazier, matching every word with a punch as they attempted to take their throne back. Frazier, not impressed, answered, “Well, God's gonna get their ass whupped tonight.”
In round 15, Ali was whacked with a patented Joe Frazier left hook that decked them and sealed the decision for Smokin' Joe. And reduced the self-proclaimed deity to a mere mortal.
“The Fight of the Century” doesn't even exist beyond hyperbole anymore; too many fight promotions have attempted to usurp the term for it to be taken seriously. It all started in 1892 thanks to James J. Corbett, who snatched the heavyweight title from the grasp of John L. Sullivan, “The Boston Strong Boy” and veritable relic of the bareknuckle boxing era, in what truly was the fight of the 19th century. But then in the 20th century there was Jack Johnson against Jim Jeffries; then Jack Dempsey and Georges Carpentier for boxing's first $1 million gate, to be eclipsed by Dempsey's second defeat to Gene Tunney. Joe Louis‘ win over Max Schmeling was next up, and then even Rocky Marciano benefited from such auxesis.
But this Fight of the Century, Joe Frazier vs Muhammad Ali I, was the one watched by an estimated 300 million people, or just under 10 percent of the world's population. Frank Sinatra, unable to purchase ringside seats despite their extremely high profile, chose to moonlight as a shutterbug to be close to the action. It was an unforgettable night that Frazier was one-half of, and in the end they claimed it for himself. It will forever be one of boxing's greatest victories.
Retirement for Joe came in 1981, and one year later “Rocky 3” was released along with a famous statue, and it stung.
“The Rocky statue has been there for years, and I have nothing against it, but Joe was a real fighter,” Frazier's cousin Oliver told The Fight City. “Rocky was a fictional character, and they were on the museum steps for years right in the tourist district. I walk by there every day and see people taking photos there, and that's fine for tourism. But all the while there was a real, live fighter here, and Joe had to pass that statue also.”
Frazier was Philadelphia's actual hero; they tried to improve the city whose business people united to form an investment group called Cloverlay to bankroll their career. They opened Joe Frazier's Gym, “a temple, a university of saving kids, saving adults,” said Bernard Hopkins. Frazier may have been born in South Carolina, but their heart was in Philadelphia, where it remains after their passing at the age of 67 in 2011, 40 years after their first tussle with Ali.
It was both wonderful and tragic that Frazier became forever linked to “The Greatest,” both riding the wave of Ali's celebrity and fighting in their shadow at the same time. An obituary read, “He deserves in death the stability and reputation they so often was deprived of in life.”
Last weekend Frazier's likeness was immortalized at the unveiling of an 11-foot, 1,800-pound statue at the Xfinity Live sports complex in their adopted town. It took years of wrangling between family members and the city, and was a cause championed by politicians, business types and members of the boxing community. Joe Hand, one of the original founders of Cloverlay, vowed in 2012 to see the project through, but it took time, and further delays were caused when the first sculptor, Larry Nowlan, died unexpectedly months into the project. That's when Stephen Layne took over.
The finished product exudes strength, a figure towering above all mortals with a muscled left arm hanging in a left hook's follow through, gazing slightly downward through a furrowed brow. But to boxing fans, the pose is more than familiar; it is iconic. Indeed the only thing missing from the scene is Ali falling to the canvas in a heap in the most memorable round of “The Fight of the Century.”
A testament to Frazier's invaluable legacy in boxing and life, the statue has been added to the City of Philadelphia's public art collection. What would “Smokin' Joe” themselves have said about it? “Don't worry about it. Put it up good,” said cousin Oliver. They were just that kind of man.
Gods, common sculptural subjects in Ancient Greece where pygmachia flourished, could apparently be stripped of power. Joe Frazier did just that. And it makes perfect sense that Frazier, slayer of gods, would finally be honored in bronze, twice as big as most men. — Patrick Connor
Are you on target with your Compendium predictions? A quick overview about picks and bans statistics after the first two groups of The International Qualifier.
Part of The International Interactive Compendium is also bets on the most picked and banned heroes in the Western and Eastern qualifiers. The following is an update of the most picked and banned heroes in the 23 games of the Western qualifier so far..
Top 5 most picked heroes Heroes Picks (23 games) Lifestealer Lifestealer 16 Gyrocopter Gyrocopter 14 Shadow Demon 13 Rubick Rubick 11 Natures Prophet Nature's Prophet 11
Lifestealer, Gyrocopter and Shadow Demon top picks
You've done well guessing one of the three heroes, Lifestealer, Gyrocopter or Shadow Demon for the most picked hero in the Western qualifier. Lifestealer is leading the board with 16 picks out of 23 games, followed by Gyrocopter and Shadow Demon with 14 and 13 picks respectively. Rubick and Nature's Prophet most likely will not surpass them any more.
Top 5 Most Banned Heroes Heroes Bans (23 games) Io Io 20 Batrider Batrider 19 Magnus Magnus 13 Keeper of the Light Keeper of the Light 13 Lone Druid 9 Shadow Demon 9 Dark Seer 9
Batrider and Io fighting for top ban position
The two top banned heroes are Batrider and Io. Going back and forth throughout the first few days, they have almost always been banned. After 23 games, Io is now leading the race with just one ban ahead. Whether or not Batrider will regain the lead as the top ban, we will have to find out in the next three days.
Top Meta Game Relevance Heroes Picks + Bans (23 games) Batrider Batrider 23 Lifestealer Lifestealer 23 Io Io 23 Shadow Demon 22 Gyrocopter Gyrocopter 20 Magnus 20
Batrider, Io and Lifestealer never ignored
Three heroes have been picked or banned 23 out of 23 times: Batrider and Lifestealer. They are closely followed by Magnus, Io and Shadow Demon with 20 or 22 picks or bans each.
Overall, 54 different heroes have been picked so far in the West Qualifier matches. With 98 heroes in the Captain's Mode pool, this gives us 44 heroes untouched so far.
Most successful heroes Most Successful Heroes
(+/- Difference) Win-Loss-Difference Keeper of the Light Keeper of the Light +4 (5-1) Lone Druid +4 (7-3) Lifestealer Lifestealer +4 (10-6) Slark Slark +3 (4-1)
Most Successful Heroes
(Winning-%) Win-%
(min. 4 games) Keeper of the Light Keeper of the Light 83% (5-1) Slark Slark 80% (4-1) Lone Druid 70% (7-3) Juggernaut Juggernaut 67% (4-2) Lifestealer Lifestealer 63% (10-6)
KotL most successful
Although the data pool is very small, with only 23 games played, Keeper of the Light topped the chart as the most successful hero in the Western qualifier. The horseman is 5-1 in their games followed closely by Slark and Lone Druid, depending on if you rate winning percentage or win-loss difference higher.
Least successful heroes The Least Successful Heroes
(+/- Difference) Win-Loss-Difference Nature's Prophet Nature's Prophet -5 (3-8) Queen of Pain Queen of Pain -3 (0-3) Visage Visage -2 (1-3) Gyrocopter Gyrocopter -2 (6-8) Alchemist Alchemist -2 (0-2) Anti-Mage Anti-Mage -2 (0-2) Sand King -2 (0-2) Ursa Ursa -2 (0-2)
Least Successful Heroes
(Winning-%) Win-%
(min. 4 games) Visage Visage 25% (1-3) Nature's Prophet Nature's Prophet 27% (3-8) Lina Lina 40% (2-3) Magnus Magnus 43% (3-4) Bane Bane 43% (3-4) Gyrocopter Gyrocopter 43% (6-8)
Nature's Prophet: Popular, but struggling
Nature's Prophet is popular with a lot of the TI3 West Qualifier teams, but he's currently struggling in performance. Just three of their games ended with a victory for him, in eight other games their own throne fell first. Suffering even more struggle is Queen of Pain. They were picked three times in total but still has not won a single game. Visage on the other hand, had the lowest winning percentage (25%) compared to heroes picked at least four times.
Remaining schedule TI3 West qualifier:
17 May: 3 games playoffs (Bo3s)
18 May: 2 games playoffs (Bo3s)
19 May: Deciding final match
Teams remaining in TI3 West qualifier
DD.Dota
RoX.KIS
Evil Geniuses
Mousesports
Compendium Betting Categories: Most picked hero
Most banned hero
Hero with most first bloods
Hero with most deaths
Highest GPM in a single match
Number of heroes never picked or banned
Number of big comebacks (comeback is winning when you are 10.000+ gold behind)
Fastest Game
Number of games more than 60 minutes
Earliest Roshan kill
Earliest Tower kill
Rapiers Purchased
Refreshers Purchased
Largest single critical damage hit
Roshan Kills in a single game
More Information: ​The International Coverage Hub
Special thanks to Dota Academy for pick and ban statistics raw data.
David Dehmann, 33, died last week at the Grant Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio.
Dehmann, who suffers from several conditions (Asperger's Syndrome, Tourette's Syndrome and autism), was seriously injured by a deputy at the Knox County Jail in Mount Vernon, Ohio, on April 21.
Dehmann was taken into custody for alleged public intoxication, transported to a hospital, then released, but arrested a second time for alleged persistent disorderly conduct (video below).
The state's Bureau of Criminal Investigation's Special Investigation Unit is now investigating the incident, noted Mount Vernon News.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
According to the Knox County Sheriff's Office:
While Dehmann was in the jail's intake area they became aggressive with the jail staff making an aggressive move towards Deputy [Chase] Wright. Mr. Dehmann did attempt to hit Dep. Wright in the face, causing Dep. Wright to place Mr. Dehmann into a takedown hold, taking them to the ground to get control of him. Once control was gained, it was found that Mr. Dehmann had hit their head on the floor during the incident. Mr. Dehmann was transported to KCH ER by Mount Vernon medics for a medical evaluation.
Dehmann died just after midnight last Wednesday, notes KnoxPages.com.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Dehmann's father, also named David, told 10TV, "My son, my only son again, you know, that's hard. I don't know what happened to them other than they got their head hit going down in the takedown whatever. I'm not happy over it a bit, man. It's rocked my world."
Dehmann's step-mother, Melissa, added, "He might have had their issues in the past and everything, but they didn't deserve to die because of this."
Dehmann's family says that the young man and their conditions were known by local law enforcement
Dehmann's dad later stated, "I'd like to know, I want to know what happened when my boy's head hit that concrete. You know, I want to know what happened."
The answer could be held on a surveillance video of the incident, but Jill Del Greco, of the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation, says the video cannot be released publicly because it is part of an investigation.
Sources: Mount Vernon News, KnoxPages.com, 10TV
Image Credit: 10TV Screenshot
undefined
The same sentence can mean a bunch of different things depending on how old the person talking is. It's true, just look below.
"Hold my beer for a second? I gotta run to the bathroom"
I'm gonna puke.I'm going to make myself puke.I just saw this girl go in there and I want to talk to them on the way out.I've got a lot of blows and I'm not sharing!Ooh, I think that fiber pill is kicking in.
"The girls at this party are all ugly."
None of these girls will talk to me.I'm not drunk enough yet.The girls at this party are very unattractive.I'm not as confident in my ability to attract women since I lost the ability to see my feet.Jeez, I hope my daughter isn't one of the 'ugly girls' in their grade, because judging by the girls who came to their birthday party, yikes
"Dude, I'm fucked up!"
I've had four beers.I've had eight beers.I lost track of how many beers I've had a long time ago.Remember all that blow I had and wasn't sharing? I did it.I troll Myspace trying to meet young men after my wife goes to sleep.
"I didn't do so well on that test."
I got an 87I got a 71I got a 46Looks like I'll be sticking around for another year.I have prostate cancer.
"I'm tired, I think I'm gonna crash."
It's 4:30 AM on a Tuesday and I've been up all night watching TV simply because I can.It's 1:45 AM on a Thursday and I've been drinking since 6:00 simply because I can.It's 1 AM on a Friday, the bars are too crowded and my usual hook up is visiting their friend in Maine.It's 11:30 PM and I'm getting sick of college.Maybe someone else should drive? I hate these out-of-town conferences. You think they'd spring for a Town Car or something.
"Yeah man, big things happening tonight."
I'm testing out my brand-new Fake ID at a bar.My roommate is out of town and I'll be furiously masturbating all night!I'm attending a large party where I will most likely have a good time.I'm posting my resume to Monster.com and crossing my fingers.I'm closing on that great apartment I was telling you about! The one on Riverside, with the big windows, remember?
"I love you."
I'm attracted to you.I'm horny.I would be happy making a life with you.I'm lonely.You'll do.
Erik Condra is the newest member of the Tampa Bay Lightning, signed to a three-year contract with an AAV of $1.25 million. Described as a smart, two-way winger who plays a sound defensive game, drives play, and kills penalties, I dove into some tape to try and spot their tendencies and traits as a hockey player to see what we can expect from them in a Lightning sweater.
Originally, I had planned to cull from a few games spread throughout the season where they played some of their highest ice-time of the year to maximize viewing of their performance in a small sample, but the first game I looked at ended up giving me just about everything I wanted.
Ironically, that game was in November against the Lightning on night two of a back-to-back situation for the Sens, who lost 3-2 to the Florida Panthers the night before in Sunrise. Watching all 22 of their shifts closely, they made a handful of plays that are emblematic of the type of play they offer on a nightly basis; little things that help their teammates control the pace of play and keep the puck out of their end, even though they don't offer much in the way of offensive production himself.
Condra started the game from the opening faceoff with Chris Neil and David Legwand and spent most of the night with them; they were almost always the first forward in on the forecheck forcing the Lightning defense into passes up the boards whenever possible. In the defensive zone, they spend most of their time high up covering the point, but regularly shifts down into the slot area to cover the back door when necessary. Positionally, I didn't spot any egregious (or non-egregious) mistakes; they are consistently in the right place to defend their man, support the defense, or receive a breakout pass.
Here you can see their head on a swivel to watch potential passing options for Valtteri Filppula coming around the boards, as well as using their stick to break up a play and start an Ottawa rush the other way:
Throughout the game, with Chris Neil pretty much glued to the right side, Condra took a lot of shifts on the left side, including off of defensive-zone faceoffs, so if you had any fears about them not fitting in purely as a Brenden Morrow replacement those can be assuaged.
Whenever Ottawa took a penalty, they were on the ice with the first penalty killing unit along with David Legwand. While he's not a very physical forward, he's smart with their reads and uses their stick well to eliminate dangerous passes:
A double minor to Clarke MacArthur in the third period explains Condra's high ice time in this one, as they did a fair bit of penalty killing, one area they will definitely help the Lightning.
One element to their game that has been lauded the most is their ability to drive play; by just about any puck possession metric we have available, Condra comes out looking like a solid player. Like the Anton Stralman acquisition, this ability to positively impact their team and linemates' ability to possess the puck suggests it is something the Lightning are specifically targeting.
Most of these vines are of fairly mundane plays; Condra is not going to wow you with dynamic displays of offensive creativity. What they are going to do is be in the right place at the right time to keep the puck out of trouble and in the offensive third:
Again, not a particularly flashy play, but one Condra makes on a consistent basis. Over time, these plays stack up and end with their club gaining or maintaining possession of the puck.
There is some legitimate concern with their lack of finishing ability (career 7.3% shooter), of course. They displayed that, as well, in this match-up with Tampa:
But he's not a total lug offensively, either. When they have numbers, he'll look to make a play through the neutral zone rather than always resorting to a low percentage dump-and-chase strategy that immediately puts their team on the defensive. He'll dump it in plenty, when the situation calls for it, but he's not afraid to try and put pressure on a defenseman that backs off at the blue line and try to make something happen:
That's one Victor Hedman that Condra turns inside out on a drive to the front of the net. The Sens don't capitalize, but there's some latent offensive ability there. Condra is definitely better with the puck on their stick than their career goal-scoring numbers would suggest.
All in all, it's hard not to come away from this thinking the Tampa Bay Lightning made another shrewd move in free agency by locking up Condra to a bargain three-year deal on July 1. They give the Bolts exactly what they needed in a Brenden Morrow replacement: a responsible, positionally-sound, two-way winger that can kill penalties and push play forward by consistently doing the little things right.
There have been various relics and treasures lost to us throughout history. Often irreplaceable and heavily imbued with both monetary and historical value, we are more often than not forced to merely speculate on where on earth these lost treasures have disappeared to. While it may seem reasonable and even unavoidable that some artifacts may become lost to time on occasion, how does one lose a whole room? In the case of one room fashioned of gold and amber at an enormous expense of time and money, created to be unparalleled in majesty and beauty, we have just such a case. The Amber Room of Germany was one of humankind's great treasures and upon its baffling disappearance also one of our great mysteries.
The Amber Room began its life in 1701, when it was designed by the German architect Andreas Schlüter, and construction on the ornate wall panels was begun at the Charlottenburg Palace in Prussia, which was the residence of the first King of Prussia, Friedrich I. The King's wife at the time, Sophie Charlotte, had requested it be erected within the palace. The room was actually mostly built by an amber specialist by the name of Gottfried Wolfram, of the Royal Court of Denmark. Wolfram worked on the room until 1707, after which the two amber masters Gottfried Turau and Ernst Schacht continued construction and completed it in 1709.
The room was one of the most amazing masterpieces of 18th century craftsmanship and artistry, and must surely have been a spectacle to behold. Upon the walls of the room were enormous panels fashioned from tons of the purest Danish amber, which was encrusted with various gemstones and inlaid with gold. Upon these sweeping panels of gold and gem covered amber were installed ornate mirrors on gold fittings that were meticulously decorated with more gold and pieces of amber, as well as jewel emblazoned mosaics trimmed with even more gold. The overall impression was of a shimmering room completely made of gold and amber that was said to blaze into a fiery brilliance when lit up by the room's 565 candles. It was purportedly such an awe-inspiring site that it was often referred to as “The 8th Wonder of the World.”
When Peter the Great, who was an ally of Friedrich I, visited the room they were astonished and greatly impressed. Friedrich I, looking to strengthen their alliance with Russia against Sweden, subsequently offered the room as a gift to Peter the Great in 1716. The large decorative panels of The Amber Room were shipped to Russia in 18 gigantic boxes, after which they were first installed as part of an art collection in St. Petersburg at a place called the Winter House. In 1755, Czarina Elizabeth had the room moved to the Catherine Palace in Pushkin, where it would later be used as a meditation chamber for the Czarina and a gathering place for Catherine the Great.
The space at the Catherine Palace where The Amber Room was erected was a larger room than it had previously occupied, and thus went under a redesign by the Italian designer Bartolomeo Francesco Rastrelli to further expand it to both fill in the extra space and enhance its magnificence even more. More gold, amber, and gems were brought in, and when renovations were eventually completed, The Amber Room was comprised of around 6 tons of amber and gems, was 17 meters (55.8 feet ) in length, and covered around 55 square meters with glittering beauty. It has been estimated by historians as having a total value of around 150 million dollars in today's money. Truly this must have been one of the most breathtaking works of art in human history.
The Amber Room was passed down to subsequent rulers in Russia, for whom it remained a priceless showcase of the palace and a source of pride until 1941, when WWII brought with it hordes of hostile Germans looking to loot and kill. The last days of The Amber Room came with the beginning of Hitler's Operation Barbarossa, which entailed the deployment of millions of German troops into the Soviet Union. What followed was the desecration and looting of tens of thousands of irreplaceable paintings, sculptures, and other works of art, jewels, and priceless artifacts. This was an orgy of looting unlike anything that had ever been witnessed, and massive amounts of cultural heritage were being devoured by the Nazi scourge at a frightening pace. This relentless ransacking force was soon at the doorstep of Pushkin, and the majestic beauty of the Amber room was imperiled.
The curators and officials of the Catherine Palace realized the gravity of the situation. As bombs exploded throughout the city, they frantically tried to disassemble the Amber Room in order to move it elsewhere and therefore prevent it from being looted. As they did so, the amber panels began to crumble due to having weakened over the years. Hesitant to cause further damage to the priceless artifact, desperate officials ended up hiding the panels under wallpaper, gauze, and cotton in a last ditch effort to keep it out of German hands. The ruse did not fool the marauding forces, who quickly discovered the famous prize.
The Germans were extremely efficient in their ability to dismantle the Amber Room. Within 36 hours it had been packed into 27 crates and moved to the Baltic Coast city of Königsberg, presently Kaliningrad, and put on display. In 1943 it was stored at Königsberg Castle in a museum, where it became a favorite of the museum's director, Alfred Rohde. Rhode had a fascination with amber, and reportedly spent a good amount of time studying the intricate craftsmanship of the panels. As the end of WWII loomed, plans were put into place to pack the panels into crates and store them away from the approaching Allied forces. These efforts were apparently too slow, because soon there were Allied warplanes buzzing across the sky and pummeling the city below into rubble with their bombs. Königsberg Castle was smashed to pieces, along with most of the rest of the city, and so it was presumed that the Amber Room had been destroyed as well. The Amber Room has never been seen since.
The official story is that the Amber Room had become just another casualty of war, and for many that was the end of that. However, over the years it was speculated that perhaps it had not been destroyed. Rumors abounded of people sighting the missing panels or knowing someone who had had a hand in their removal. What in fact happened to it in those final days of the war is a matter of opinion, and there are various theories on what the ultimate fate of the Amber Room was.
Besides the obvious idea that the room was in fact destroyed by Allied forces, others have speculated that the panels were indeed moved as originally planned. The plan at Königsberg Castle to pack the panels away was thought up at the end of 1943, and the castle wasn't destroyed by bombing until August of the following year, giving the Germans plenty of time to have the Amber Room moved. The trail the panels may have taken is uncertain. Some speculate they remained somewhere in the city, hidden away from the destruction. Others think they were loaded onto a ship to be transported, after which the ship sank and brought the Amber Room to the bottom of the ocean where it still remains. Still others believe the panels were successfully moved out of the city to join the myriad of other looted treasures, many of which are still missing. Other bizarre theories include the idea that Stalin had made a fake Amber Room which is the one the Germans stole while the real one remained untouched. Others say that the room simply got misplaced, and is sitting in its crates in some anonymous warehouse somewhere, lost and forgotten, with no one being none the wiser. It has also been suggested that some secret cabal has taken possession of the room and guards it from scrutiny to this day. Whatever it was that happened to this priceless treasure, it has never been seen in public again and its whereabouts remain a mystery.
Experts have ascertained that the fragile nature of the materials used in the Amber Room's construction mean that it has certainly deteriorated and decayed into an unsalvageable state by now. Even before it was stolen, the room had allegedly fallen into a state of disrepair, with many of the pieces and designs falling out or otherwise degraded and in need of restoration. It is believed that even if it were to be found, it would be in a state heavily in need of restoration, possibly unsalvageable, and certainly unworthy of being displayed in its former glory. Nevertheless, since the Amber Room's disappearance, there has been sporadic tantalizing evidence of it throughout the ensuing years in the form of pieces and shards allegedly from the panels. One of the more promising of these came in 1997, when German art detectives heard that someone was trying to sell what they claimed to be a piece of the Amber Room. When the office of the suspicious party's lawyer was raided, detectives uncovered a mosaic panel from the room. The seller of the item claimed that they had had no idea as to the object's origin. It was later found that the seller's father had been a German soldier during the war, so it is likely that the pieces were stolen by the man at some point during the Amber Room's removal by German forces or transit to its new location.
Several large scale searches for evidence of the Amber Room's continued existence have been launched over the years, which while offering up sometimes tantalizing clues have all failed to actually produce any of the missing panels. One of the more recent searches that has actually claimed to have found it is that of a group of German treasure hunters who claimed to have tracked its location down to an underground bunker in the German city of Auerswalde that was originally designed to house huge, railway mounted cannons that were among the largest ever made. The team claims to have found documents showing that the bunker was the destination for a highly secretive, clandestine shipment involving a large amount of transport trucks and originating in Königsberg, the last known location of the Amber Room. The document allegedly details how over one hundred Soviet POWs were assigned the task of unloading the trucks and moving whatever precious cargo it was down into the subterranean depths of the bunker. The team speculates that the mysterious shipment must be none other than the fabled missing Amber Room. The team managed to pinpoint the location of the bunker through the presence of a ventilation shaft leading down to it. Although the bunker has yet to be opened and examined, the treasure hunters are confident they have finally cracked the mystery. It remains to be seen how much truth their story holds.
The hunt for the Amber Room has had other bizarre attributes over the years. It is said that a curse surrounds the lost relic, and that all those who attempt to locate it will be beset by death and misfortune. There have indeed been accounts of those concerned with the Amber Room meeting untimely ends. A Russian intelligence officer by the name of General Gusev died in a horrible car crash shortly after talking with a journalist about the supposed whereabouts of the Amber Room, and in 1987 an avid Amber Room hunter by the name of Georg Stein was viciously murdered in a Bavarian forest after spending years trying to track down its location. The murder has never been solved. Is this all just coincidence, or are there darker forces at work?
The Amber Room does exist presently, in a sense. In 1979, efforts to reconstruct the magnificent room were begun at Tsarskoye Selo. Over 25 years, the room was meticulously recreated in as much detail as was possible. Great efforts were made to duplicate the original using illustrations and old photographs of the room. Millions of dollars were spent, and Russian craftsmen spent decades working on the project until in 2003, when it was inaugurated at the Catherine Palace in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The inauguration marked the 300th anniversary of St. Petersburg and was dedicated by none other than Russian President Vladimir Putin and then-German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. The room is on display at the Tsarskoye Selo State Museum Reserve outside of St. Petersburg, but there is certainly something missing in the presentation. The recreation has been said to lack a certain grandeur and elegance that the original most certainly possessed. When looking upon the recreation, while indeed impressive, it is hard to imagine that it conjures up the same feelings of awe and beauty as the original must have once done.
For now, this recreation is all we have. Anyone who wishes to bask in the glory of the original has no other choice. But one still wonders. What became of one of the most beautiful and awe inspiring creations in human history? Does the answer lie somewhere out there? If it does, no on one has found it yet.
Chicago — Some high school football players exhibit measurable brain changes after a single season of play even in the absence of concussion, according to a study presented today at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA).
"This study adds to the growing body of evidence that a season of play in a contact sport can affect the brain in the absence of clinical findings," said Christopher T. Whitlow, M.D., Ph.D., M.H.A., associate professor of radiology at Wake Forest School of Medicine and radiologist at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem, N.C.
A number of reports have emerged in recent years about the potential effects playing youth sports may have on developing brains. However, most of these studies have looked at brain changes as a result of concussion. Dr. Whitlow and colleagues set out to determine if head impacts acquired over a season of high school football produce white matter changes in the brain in the absence of clinically diagnosed concussion.
The researchers studied 24 high school football players between the ages of 16 and 18. For all games and practices, players were monitored with Head Impact Telemetry System (HITs) helmet-mounted accelerometers, which are used in youth and collegiate football to assess the frequency and severity of helmet impacts.
Risk-weighted cumulative exposure was computed from the HITs data, representing the risk of concussion over the course of the season. This data, along with total impacts, were used to categorize the players into one of two groups: heavy hitters or light hitters. There were nine heavy hitters and 15 light hitters. None of the players experienced concussion during the season.
All players underwent pre- and post-season evaluation with diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) of the brain. DTI is an advanced MRI technique, which identifies microstructural changes in the brain's white matter.
The brain's white matter is composed of millions of nerve fibers called axons that act like communication cables connecting various regions of the brain. Diffusion tensor imaging produces a measurement, called fractional anisotropy (FA), of the movement of water molecules along axons. In healthy white matter, the direction of water movement is fairly uniform and measures high in fractional anisotropy. When water movement is more random, fractional anisotropy values decrease, suggesting microstructural abnormalities.
The results showed that both groups demonstrated global increases of FA over time, likely reflecting effects of brain development. However, the heavy-hitter group showed statistically significant areas of decreased FA post-season in specific areas of the brain, including the splenium of the corpus callosum and deep white matter tracts.
"Our study found that players experiencing greater levels of head impacts have more FA loss compared to players with lower impact exposure," Dr. Whitlow said. "Similar brain MRI changes have been previously associated with mild traumatic brain injury. However, it is unclear whether or not these effects will be associated with any negative long-term consequences."
Dr. Whitlow cautions that these findings are preliminary, and more study needs to be done.
Co-authors on the study are Naeim Bahrami, M.S., Elizabeth Davenport, M.S., Jillian Urban, B.S., Fatemeh Mokhtari, M.S., Mark A. Espeland, Ph.D., Youngkyoo Jung, Ph.D., Daryl A. Rosenbaum, M.D., Gerard A. Gioia, Ph.D., Alexander K. Powers, M.D., Joel Stitzel Jr., Ph.D., and Joseph A. Maldjian, M.D.
Tuesday is the last day to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act, and officials say there has been a lot of extra interest in the last week.
More than 152,100 people have signed up for private plans in Maryland and more than 335, 400 have joined Medicaid, which was expanded under the law known as Obamacare.
This is the fourth open enrollment period for the law, used primarily by people who do not get insurance through their jobs.
For now GOP lawmakers and President Donald Trump, who have begun the process of repealing Obamacare, expect those who enroll to maintain the coverage through 2017. There is no consensus on a replacement program.
More than 20 million people were covered through private plans bought on exchanges or through an expansion of Medicaid this year, including more than 400,000 in Maryland.
Enrollment has so far been on par with last year. Though Andrew Ratner, a Maryland exchange spokesperson, said the call center that helps with enrollment was expecting 8,000 calls on Monday, up from 2,000 average daily calls more than a week ago.
CAPTION Kaitlyn Dorman talks about their cancer and the Johns Hopkins clinical trial that made it disappear. (Jerry Jackson, Ulysses Muñoz) Kaitlyn Dorman talks about their cancer and the Johns Hopkins clinical trial that made it disappear. (Jerry Jackson, Ulysses Muñoz) CAPTION If you are like most exercisers, you breathe through your mouth, especially as the intensity of the exercise mounts. But experts are learning that breathing through the mouth may not be as efficient or effective as breathing through the nose. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video) If you are like most exercisers, you breathe through your mouth, especially as the intensity of the exercise mounts. But experts are learning that breathing through the mouth may not be as efficient or effective as breathing through the nose. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video)
--Meredith Cohn
Richard E. Hoagland. (Photo: U.S. Embassy Pakistan / Flickr)Islamabad, Pakistan – Sometimes, when some people insist that it's impossible to put some urgent problem on the table for discussion and redress, you have no choice but to undertake flamboyant action. Call it “propaganda by nonviolent deed.”
On Wednesday, as a member of a US peace delegation to Pakistan organized by Code Pink, I delivered a petition from more than 3,000 Americans to Acting US Ambassador to Pakistan Richard Hoagland calling for an end to the CIA drone strike policy in Pakistan.
I also delivered a letter from Alice Walker, Noam Chomsky, Naomi Wolf, Oliver Stone, Danny Glover, Jody Williams, Tom Hayden, Patch Adams, Glenn Greenwald, Juan Cole and other prominent Americans, including former US government officials, calling for an end to the drone strikes. The letter concludes:
We demand an immediate moratorium on the drone strikes. We demand that US policy in Pakistan be brought into compliance with US and international law, that the US government come clean about civilian casualties, that civilian victims and their families be compensated, and that “signature” drone strikes and attacks on civilian rescuers be permanently abandoned, in Pakistan and everywhere else.
In our meeting, I particularly pressed Ambassador Hoagland on reports of US drone attacks on civilian rescuers.
Ambassador Hoagland responded in more specific detail to some of the concerns that I and others raised than has been typical for US officials in the past, who have usually either 1) refused to talk publicly and on the record about the US drone strike program because it is “classified,” or 2) have defended the policy in vague and misleading terms without answering specific allegations.
For an example of the latter: In April, White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan claimed that civilian deaths as a result of the drone strikes have been “exceedingly rare.” Can such a vague assertion truly be reassuring? What exactly does “exceedingly rare” mean? How “rare” is “exceedingly rare?”
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism has reported 474 to 884 civilians killed in US drone strikes in Pakistan since 2004 out of 2,572 to 3,341 killed overall. That suggests that somewhere between a sixth and a third of the deaths have been civilian deaths. Is that “exceedingly rare?” Meanwhile, a recent Stanford/NYU report says that only 2 percent of drone strike deaths have been “high-level” targets. This suggests that somewhere between seven and 15 times as many civilians have been killed as “high level” targets, and that while killing civilians has been common, it is the killing of “high level” targets that has been “exceedingly rare.”
On the question of killing rescuers, the Stanford/NYU report notes the “US practice of striking one area multiple times, and evidence that it has killed rescuers.” A recent report from Columbia Law School and the Center for Civilians in Conflict notes:
There are numerous reports of follow-up attacks and some accounts suggest they have the result of killing rescuers who come to the scene to aid wounded individuals. In February 2012, the Bureau of Investigative Journalism reported that at least 50 individuals were killed in follow-up drone strikes in Pakistan when they had gone to help victims killed in initial strikes.
Some accounts have reported that killings of rescuers have been deliberate. In the Small Wars Journal in February, Peter Matulich wrote:
Initial strikes on targets are based on sizeable amount of intelligence from both reconnaissance and HUMINT sources. However in the kill-boxes, follow-up attacks often occur after the initial strike targeting those coming to the potential aid of wounded militants. It is in these follow-up attacks [that] rescuers are targeted in an attempt to score a windfall of extra militants killed. Unfortunately in these attacks on rescuers, the task of differentiating civilian from militant is up to the [discretion] of a drone operator. In these circumstances it appears little has been done to discern combatant from non-combatant, the consequence being an increased amount [of] civilian casualties.
In our meeting with Ambassador Hoagland, I said:
I particularly would like you to address … the issue of attacks on civilian rescuers…. I'm sure you're aware that many experts in international law are absolutely convinced that whatever one may think otherwise about the lawfulness of the drone strikes, even if it were a lawful conflict, attacks on civilian rescuers are a war crime….
Ambassador Hoagland responded:
On this one, for at least the last several years that I have been here in Pakistan and more intimately associated with the knowledge of this, there is never any deliberate strikes against civilian rescuers. Now, what I have seen is that after a strike, there will be colleagues from one of the isolated places, never urban, it's not ambulances or anything like that, who are also part of the larger group. But I can tell you honestly I have never, ever in recent times seen any deliberate strike on rescuers coming to a site.
I later responded:
Shahzad [lawyer Shahzad Akbar of the Foundation for Fundamental Rights] mentioned the report from Stanford and NYU that just came out last week; there was extensive attention on this issue of the “secondary,” follow-up, “double tap” strikes, and the question of attacking civilian rescuers, and the [Center for Civilians in Conflict] and Columbia Law also just put out a report, also addresses this; there was also an article in The New York Times; there was an investigation by The Bureau of Investigative Journalism and The Independent, so I would strongly urge you to look at those sources, check that against what you know; there's the specific allegation of targeting rescuers, but then more broadly, whether or not rescuers are specifically targeted, the tactic of secondary strikes intrinsically threatens rescuers, people that would come to a site after there's a strike. So I urge you to look at this, and please put out a public statement, from the embassy, after you've looked at this question, and say: We've looked at this, and we believe this not to be true, or we believe this not to be true over this period, and here's why. I think it would tremendously add to the transparency of the debate, if there would be an official, government response to these allegations.
To which Ambassador Hoagland responded:
I think it would, and I agree with that – I can't promise you that that will ever happen, but I agree that it would add to the transparency of the debate. Who are these sources? Can we talk to them, [that] kind of thing. And really get down to the ground truth.
It is my hope that Ambassador Hoagland's acknowledgement that it would be a good thing if the US government would respond publicly and on the record to these allegations will encourage members of Congress and others in Washington to press for such a public and official response.
Medea Benjamin asked Ambassador Hoagland: “Can you give us any estimate of how many civilian casualties there have been from the drone strikes?”
To which Ambassador Hoagland responded:
Well, first of all, for the numbers, to be very honest, I looked at the numbers before I came here today, and I saw a number for civilian casualties that officially – US government classified information – since July 2008, it is in the two figures; I can't vouch for you that that's accurate, in any way, so I can't talk about numbers. I wanted to see what we have on the internal record; it's quite low.
I found it striking that Ambassador Hoagland acknowledged that the US government has a count of how many civilian deaths it thinks have resulted from U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan and that this number is classified. Why is this number classified? Should not members of Congress and others in Washington press for its release?
Sushila Cherian asked Ambassador Hoagland: “Has there been, or is there going to be, any discussion about compensation for the killing of innocent civilians here?”
Ambassador Hoagland responded:
That's a good question. And the reason I say it's a good question is there has to be some kind of apparatus set up for that. I'd say that in principle, the US government is not against that kind of compensation, because as you point out, I understand we do it in Afghanistan. Also … what is referred to here as the Salala Incident of November 26 [2011] when there was a border – a serious misunderstanding that led to the deaths of 24 Pakistani military by NATO/ISAF forces, and I assure you immediately after that we made an informal offer of compensation, through the government of Pakistan, to the Pakistani military, so you see that is not in the realm of the impossible. But there's nothing in place for that right now.
I hope that Ambassador Hoagland's acknowledgement that the demand for compensation of civilian victims and their families is a just demand will encourage members of Congress and others in Washington to press for the set up of an apparatus that will bring such compensation about.
I hope that Ambassador Hoagland's willingness to meet with us and engage substantively on our concerns will establish a new standard for the policy of the Administration in engaging public concerns about the drone strikes.
On Saturday we travel to Waziristan, where the US drone strikes have been carried out, for a massive peace rally on Sunday. Ambassador Hoagland told us: “I can assure you with 100 percent certainty that you will not be targeted.” I hope that if we can make a small corner of Waziristan safe from US drone strikes for one day, it will set a precedent for addressing the conflicts between the US government and people in Waziristan through politics rather than violence.
Here is video from our meeting with Ambassador Hoagland:
Tarik Z, the 20-year-old science student who forced their way into the Nos television studios with a fake gun at the end of January was jailed for 2.5 years, half suspended, on Friday.
The public prosecution office had asked for a 4-year jail term, one suspended.
Z forced their way into the Nos studios armed with a fake gun and took a security guard hostage. The youth, who gave themselves up when ordered to by police, had demanded access to airtime on the 20.00 hours news bulletin.
The Nos studios were evacuated for several hours as police searched the building after the youngster was overpowered. The actual incident lasted around 10 minutes.
During a procedural hearing in May, Z said they wanted the airtime to warn the population about ‘the foundations of the current monetary system' and about ‘large-scale manipulation by the Nos'.
The Florida real estate developer, unburdened of state regulatory agencies, may now focus their efforts on pleasing the investment community and the local market. I recently played the role of real estate developer interviewing two consultant teams vying to help me create a new fictional community. Fortified with readings in both the New Urbanist camp and the Dispersionist camp, each team of students pitched their method of community building to me.
The actual debate was very lively, with many rebuttals and some serious emotional engagement. The premise: I have a multi-acre greenfield property. I have shortlisted my planning candidates down to two: a New Urbanist team, and a Dispersionist team. Each team must pitch their philosophy, and I will select one team to design it.
Question 1: Since I am only able to afford Phase 1, future phases will be left to future developers. In your approach, can future generations be trusted to keep focus on high-quality development? How would you guarantee that the property rises in value? I asked the New Urbanists to go first.
The New Urbanist team was ready: As Master Planners, they will create the entire form-based vision for the property and design it around a smart code so that the future developers will obey a plan to keep property values rising. No future developer will get to ‘cheap out'. For this team, the Master Plan will guarantee a quality of life for all residents.
The Dispersionists will plan Phase 1, not as a rigid image of a town, but rather as a response to the natural landscape. This team said the community would grow organically, from its functional needs, guaranteeing the freedom of future generations to plan their own destiny. They scoffed at a Master Plan that determined the urban form. What good is a guarantee of a quality of life, they asked, if future generations want something different than the Master Planner intended?
This round, in my mind, went to the Dispersionists. Their argument that future generations should have the freedom to plan based on their functional needs outweighed the seductive beauty of a Master Plan. Too many Master Plans are implemented poorly, or abandoned due to their disutility based on changing needs and markets.
Question 2: How does your viewpoint deal with the car? How will residents and visitors get around your community? I asked the Dispersionists to go first this time.
“Well,” replied the Dispersionists, “Americans love their cars, and we love the car too. We'll plan for sidewalks and bikes, but we know that the car is a necessity. We know that a 5-minute walk isn't so realistic in Florida's hot, humid climate.” The Dispersionists have a hearty regard for cars, and they spoke of long, sweeping curves and scenic drives. They pointed out that most residents will need to drive to other parts of the city as well.
The New Urbanists shuddered. “We will plan for car-free living,” they stated. With very clever planning, they intended to keep driving to a minimum, and will design walking trails. One New Urbanist ventured 4-story parking garages, crowing that their proposal would not be littered with gas stations. The New Urbanists pointed out the ugly commercial strips dominating our current city, and how little they want that to intrude into the new development.
I liked this, and challenged the Dispersionists. Isn't it better health, and less use of oil, to reduce vehicle dependency? The Dispersionists asked me why, in this ten-acre community, I thought I could attract residents with 4-story parking garages? Good point, I thought.
Both sides had good answers, and the question did not fully go to one side or the other. Cars do tend to generate a lot of aesthetic horror. On the other hand, they are not going away anytime soon, so learning how to deal with them seems like an important task for a developer looking to the future.
Question 3: How would you distribute density in your development? One center, multiple centers, and centered around what? This time the New Urbanists went first.
The core, they stated, will be in the center of town, and could go to 8-10 stories, leaving the perimeter a green zone. In the center will be the government and institutional buildings, carefully matched with proper style. The point, they said, is predictability. They pledged to learn from the failures of the past, and their Master Plan will account for the full scope of development.
The Dispersionists suggested multiple centers. “Phase 1 will be our first density cluster,” they said, “and we'll see how it goes.” Unlike the New Urbanists, they didn't want to introduce all their product at once, in case the market changes. “We believe in New England-style green space,” they said, and wanted to evolve the community around these. They saw the vitality of the community coming from diversity.
I asked the New Urbanists what they would do if the market changes . When pressed, they insisted their Master Plan had plenty of contingency plans in case the original plan wasn't workable, but it sounded like they were winging it.
This is what the Dispersionists saw as their own strong suit. “We don't have all the answers,” they said. Their first phase would gently nudge the community in a certain direction, but it would leave future developers the choice whether to reinforce the first phase, or strike out and build another phase better suited to a unique need.
I felt that this round went to the Dispersionists.
Question 4: Do you think your development scheme can promote or discourage social values? Why or why not? This time the Dispersionists went first.
The Dispersionists believed that one cannot engineer social values through urban design. However, they can be influenced. Conservation, for example, is a value that they would promote in their plan to conserve open space and not overtake the land with development. A sense of community, they said, was another, giving people a loyalty to their community out of good design. These, they felt, led to a sustainable plan.
The New Urbanists guaranteed that conservation land would always be there, and pointed out the Dispersionists' flexibility as a negative . The New Urbanists insisted that their sense of place would be stronger, because it would be designed. People want predictability. New Urbanists would engage people by walking and having front porches.
The Dispersionists speculated that neighbors will get to know one another in a cul-de-sac just as well as they would if they all had front porches. They also felt that the shared experiences of a community would transcend the particular style or form that community took.
Although I gave this one to the New Urbanists, I was skeptical about the New Urbanists' implication that well-behaved buildings produce well-behaved people. The Dispersionists' view that a cul-de-sac breeds any neighborly closeness also seemed a bit disingenuous. It was near the end of class.
Question 5: Give me your arguments why your strategy is sustainable. I let the New Urbanists go first.
For one thing, they said, they will have more efficient transportation. Vertical buildings save land, they argued, and people who choose this community will value open space more highly and be willing to live densely. They believed that they will have less gridlock by de-emphasizing the car and will be more stable and socially cohesive. All this will come from a well-designed Master Plan.
The Dispersionists said their community would start small and then grow. Failures won't cause dead zones, they claimed, because they are not sentimental about form and want a community that works. So if a building in their development begets a failed business, the building will need to be reinvented to make it successful.
“Yes, but,” countered the New Urbanists, “for every successful community like yours, there are 10 that have failed and ultimately decline in value. What guarantee do you give that you will be the one out of ten?” They went on to cite their successes – Seaside, Celebration, and so on.
The Dispersionists noted that Seaside was a resort town and Celebration was heavily subsidized by a local employer, so those weren't exactly good models. In any case, they said, their community will appeal to a much broader segment of the population than the New Urbanists, and therefore more likely to sustain growth in the future.
With that, the debate was concluded. What lingers, however, are some truths that show both sides need to do some more work.
The New Urbanists, fresh on the scene, seem overly evangelical in their approach, and demand a great deal of faith in the Master (Planner). The slow, organically grown towns of which they are so fond were largely planned before the car. While many of these towns, like Charleston, South Carolina, are sentimental favorites, their practical replication in today's transportation-intensive, constantly changing real estate market is questionable.
The Dispersionists, on the other hand, have been around for quite a long time, and are the modus operandi for much of the earth's population. They seem uninvolved in the aesthetics of the built environment, preferring to leave this up to individual taste, and the result is a rather shabby, cluttered contemporary American scene. Some cleaning up is certainly in order.
While the New Urbanists have a hopeful approach in this regard, they are overreacting to the vast consumer-oriented real estate development world that operated up until 2007, and are missing the fundamentals of how a real community works. None are built around employers or economic producers in any significant way. None admit the lowest socioeconomic groups. Content, perhaps, to dabble with shopping districts and farmer's markets, New Urbanists have yet to offer what contemporary employers need – space, flexibility, and room to grow. They therefore seem doomed to create peripheral urban designs rather than communities integrated with 21st century employers.
Dispersionists would do well to pay a bit more attention to the natural environment, for the general public is quite aware of the toll that this strategy has taken. Developers, having overbuilt in so many markets recently, will face tough opposition to bulldozing another woodland, given the empty real estate that exists in our cities today.
It seems inevitable that dispersionist strategies will continue; they largely dominate our real estate development world and will continue to do so. They make the most economic sense, they leave the future choices to the future generations, and they respond to people's natural density tendencies. One hopes that the New Urbanists will nudge the market a bit more towards aesthetic continuity and environmental flight attendantship as the next wave of growth inevitably begins again, and that the debate remains healthy, productive, and positive as citizens get re-engaged about the future of their cities.
Richard Reep is an Architect and artist living in Winter Park, Florida. Their practice has centered around hospitality-driven mixed use, and has contributed in various capacities to urban mixed-use projects, both nationally and internationally, for the last 25 years.
Photo courtesy of BigStockPhoto.com.
Wada's report into cheating in athletics damaged Russia's reputation – but to anyone familiar with the role of sport under Putin, it contained few surprises
This week's report by the World Anti-Doping Agency into sport in Russia makes devastating reading. It concludes that Russia ran a huge state sponsored doping programme, sabotaged the London 2012 Olympics, and should be banned from athletics.
Some details are extraordinary. Intelligence agents were smuggled into Moscow's scandal-hit laboratory to intimidate staff. But for anyone who has followed the changing role of sport under Vladimir Putin, the report is hardly a surprise. In fact, the doping scandal encompasses many of the key themes that have come to define Putin's rule.
Since becoming Russia's president in 2000, Putin has taken a close interest in sport. In part, this is down to biography: as a young man growing up in the tough streets of Leningrad, Putin took up judo to defend themselves against neighbourhood thugs.  They are a black belt. In contrast to the ailing Yeltsin, Putin portrayed themselves as a vigorous man of action: swimming butterfly, fishing in Siberia bare-chested, flying with cranes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Vladimir Putin swims in a Siberian lake in 2009. Photograph: Ria Novosti/Reuters
But for Putin, sport is more than a pastime. It serves an ideological function. It's an essential part of their maximal vision of Russia as a revived Great Power. In its glory days, the Soviet Union regularly topped the Olympic medals' tables. According to Oleg Shamanayev, an editor at the major Russian newspaper Sport Express, doping in the USSR was seen as acceptable – or at least as a necessary evil.
With the Soviet breakup, sport declined. Coaches drifted off into private business. Among those who stayed, cold war attitudes towards cheating survived. The sports authorities gave jobs to athletes disqualified for doping in the 1990s and 2000s. Cross country skier Larisa Lazutina, stripped of their gold medal at the 2002 Olympics in Salt Lake City after testing positive for drugs, went on to a successful career in Moscow's regional parliament.
Vladimir Putin attempts to conduct mood music in Russian doping scandal Read more
Over the past decade, the acceptance of doping has diminished, but has not been completely rooted out, Shamanayev said. “Everyone was constantly saying that only the Russians were doping. We thought it would be better to lose and not dope than constantly have all these scandals. But we have old coaches, a big country, lots of athletes, a big sport industry. With so many people, there can be many different opinions.”
On the surface, Putin has been uniquely successful at bringing major international sporting events to Russia. In 2007 they flew to Guatemala and made a rare speech in English to the International Olympic Committee. The result: Russia won the 2014 Winter Olympics, hosted in the Black Sea resort of Sochi. In 2010 Putin triumphed again, this time when Fifa's executive committee in Zurich handed Moscow the 2018 World Cup.
These victories subsequently unravelled, amid accusations of corruption and bribery. Sepp Blatter recently admitted that Fifa decided to give the World Cup to Russia before a formal vote. According to political scientist Stanislav Belkovsky, Russia and its football federation knew the result a week in advance – unlike their clueless rivals, England. Belkovsky alleges that Moscow shelled out around $50m to buy the World Cup. It was cheap, they say.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Macho media image: Putin at a judo training session in St Petersburg, 2010. Photograph: AFP/Getty Images
True or not, there is little doubt that Putin believes everyone has their price. Former EU leaders such as Gerhard Schröder now earn big sums as Kremlin lobbyists; Russia and Fifa – both secretive oligarchies – understand the power of money. As Gary Kasparov, the former world chess champion, puts it: “He [Putin] is a very suspicious man. If something is not being negotiated it's a conspiracy. It's a normal thought process for him.”
For the Kremlin, the World Cup and the Olympics bring many benefits. As well as boosting morale and patriotism, they are a way of developing the country though what Shamanayev calls the “meteorite effect”. Faced with hosting a sporting event, elites put aside their differences and work to build infrastructure and prepare for the competition. “It's a method for mobilisation. That's the message of our current leadership,” they said.
Russian anti-doping centre offers no welcome and no comment Read more
And, of course, they offer unrivalled opportunities for stealing. According to Boris Nemtsov, the Russian opposition leader shot dead in February outside the gates of the Kremlin, the Sochi Olympics cost $50bn. They were the most expensive Olympics in history. Of the money spent, more than half – approximately $26bn – disappeared, Nemtsov said, stolen from state budgets.
In a damning 2013 report Nemtsov wrote: “The Sochi Olympics are an unprecedented thieves' caper. They have exposed, in concentrated form, the main flaws of the system: abuse, corruption, petty tyranny, cronyism, non-professionalism, and irresponsibility.”
The oligarchs who profited from the Sochi Games included Putin's old judo sparring partners Boris and Arkady Rotenberg. They got $7bn in no-bid state contracts to build infrastructure, more than the entire cost of the Vancouver Games.
Meanwhile, Putin has used sport as a way of projecting Russian influence abroad. In 2013 the president's judo partner Vasily Shestakov turned up as a guest at the Conservative party's annual summer fundraising ball and shook hands with David Cameron. Shestakov is the author of Learn Judo With Vladimir Putin. Their soft power mission to London was meant to improve Russia's badly battered image in the UK.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Russia's Mariya Savinova after winning silver in the women's 800m final at the World Athletics Championships, Moscow, 2013. Photograph: Ivan Sekretarev/AP
Moscow controls several world sporting federations, including chess. Last year Kasparov, possibly the greatest player ever, tried to become president of Fide, chess's governing body. The Kremlin's candidate was Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, who had led Fide for 19 years. Ilyumzhinov won. A former president of the Russian republic of Kalmykia, Ilyumzhinov believes that they were once kidnapped by aliens.
For Russians, the conclusions of Wada's report – that the head of the laboratory had demanded bribes to suppress positive doping tests – would have seemed wearily familiar. Corruption has been a feature of Russian life since the late Soviet Union. Under Putin, however, it has metastasised into a gigantic cancer, infecting every aspect of life, and leading the US in a 2010 diplomatic cable to dub Russia a “virtual mafia state”.
Corruption has degraded Russian institutions: not just sport, but education, science, politics, and medicine. Everything has a price: dodging military service; getting a place at university; enrolling your kid at a superior kindergarten; fixing an exam grade. If you are an elite athlete with a problem drug test the solution is obvious.
The Kremlin's response to the crisis now engulfing its athletics federation is familiar too. As the Wada report makes clear, state-sponsored doping in Russia is the result of a deeply ingrained mindset, that everyone else is cheating as well. It reflects Putin's broader world-view. They believe that there are no moral actors, that the west is cynical and duplicitous too, with Russia simply better at playing the same unscrupulous game.
Putin has announced that Russia will conduct its own internal investigation. This is likely to exonerate athletes, coaches and the state. Meanwhile, Russia's sports minister, Vitaly Mutko, personally implicated by Wada, has dismissed the report's conclusion as “strange”. They have lashed out at the UK, calling its anti-doping system for London 2012 “zero”. Where, Mutko asks, is the evidence? As Wada revealed, the lab director Grigory Rodchenko destroyed 1,400 samples three days before its inspectors arrived in Moscow.
Can Russia change? Sergei Iljukov, a Russian-Estonian sport doctor who works with the Finnish Olympic team, says the approach remains state-dominated. Compared to the west, the country lacks good sports scientists, physiologists, doctors and other specialists, they say. “It's like the difference between a BMW and a Lada.”
Iljukov adds: “If there is any scandal in track and field in Great Britain, the sponsors will disappear, and everybody understands they can't just use substances. It's illegal, it's against fair play, and it can hugely impact the financial side as well,” they said. “But in Russia the game still goes on, because the government pays money to the athletes, and the government is ordering the wins.”
Certainly, the omens this week have not been encouraging. Russia's athletics coach Sergei Poirazyan called Wada's report “yet another provocation by the decadent west”. Since Putin's 2014 annexation of Crimea, state TV channels have been awash with the idea that Russia is the target of a western conspiracy. The doping scandal, seen from this perspective, is merely another example of Moscow's victimhood.
Actually, there isn't conspiracy. There are facts. The crisis gripping Russian sport isn't caused by a perfidious western plot. Rather it's driven by events inside Russia – and by Putin's unswerving belief that there are no rules.
Luke Harding's Mafia State: How One Reporter Became an Enemy of the Brutal New Russia is published by Guardian Faber
JTA - About a dozen activists from the Zioness Initiative attempted to participate in SlutWalk Chicago.
The group, which calls itself progressive and Zionist, had announced prior to Saturday's demonstration that they would join in the annual demonstration against sexual violence to promote the idea that Zionism and liberal values are compatible.
SlutWalk Chicago organizers said prior to the march that they did not support the participation of the new Zioness initiative.
“SlutWalk Chicago does not support the ‘Zioness progressives' planning on coming to the walk Saturday. We at SlutWalk Chicago stand with Jewish people, just as we stand for Palestinian human rights. Those two ideologies can exist in the same realm, and taking a stance against anti-Semitism is not an affirmation of support for the state of Israel and its occupation of Palestine,” the group wrote on its Facebook page.
“We oppose all oppressive governments whether they be the United States or Israel, as we recognize these regimes often disproportionately oppress women and femmes. We find it disgusting that any group would appropriate a day dedicated to survivors fighting rape culture in order to promote their own nationalist agenda,” the post also said.
The women joined the initial rally in a local park, carrying signs depicting a woman wearing a Star of David necklace and some wearing rainbow-colored T-shirts emblazoned with a Star of David, according to reports. During the rally, when the Zioness women waved their signs, SlutWalk participants would block them from view with the red umbrellas they were carrying, the symbol of solidarity with sex workers.
At the end of the speeches, which concluded with an Arab activist telling the crowd “you cannot be a Zionist and feminist,” the crowd began chanting “Free Palestine,” the Windy City Times reported.
The Zioness participants as well as others dropped off during the march through downtown Chicago, according to the Windy City Times. The march reportedly started with about 150 women and ended with about 60.
In front of Trump Tower marchers stopped to destroy a head of Donald Trump. Toward the end of the march, some participants scuffled with police, leading to the arrest of five marchers.
Organizers of the SlutWalk initially said that they would ban Stars of David from the event, but later altered their policy to allow religious symbols but not national flags.
The SlutWalk policy came in the wake of a controversy over the Chicago Dyke March in June, when three Jewish participants at the LGBTQ demonstration were ejected for carrying LGBTQ Pride flags adorned with the Star of David. Dyke March organizers said the women were advocating for Israel at an anti-Zionist event.
On Friday, SlutWalk Chicago released a statement titled “Palestinian Rights are a Feminist Cause.”
“As a feminist, transnational movement calling for an end to rape culture, we march in solidarity with all Palestinians suffering the impact of the State of Israel's brutal policies. The reasons for this are simple. In the words of Linda Sarsour, one of the architects of the 2017 Women's March who also organized A Day Without a Woman, ‘You either stand up for the rights of all women, including Palestinians, or none.' In a nutshell, women's rights are human rights,” the statement said.
“If the rights of Palestinians are degraded by the State of Israel's policies across the whole territory they control – including the West Bank as well as Gaza, where Israel controls all entry and exit in this tenth year of military blockade – the treatment of Palestinian women is particularly dehumanizing,” the statement also said.
That is the title of my latest Bloomberg column, here is one bit from it:
…the U.K. seems to be in a crisis of ideas, as outlined by Michael Moran in their recent “The End of British Politics?”. They point out that the earlier Protestant, imperial and social democratic rationalizations for the political union largely have fallen away. Scottish separatism — now very much back on the agenda — is one manifestation of this problem. In such a setting, it's possible to imagine a slightly different legal status for Northern Ireland, where the border check — if there is to be one — is done for flights to London rather than for ground transport to the Republic of Ireland, such as on the ground in Donegal County.
I don't expect full union anytime soon, as I explain in the piece, but here is the closing tag line:
I'm seeing a world where the past is emerging as stronger than we had thought, and where nationalism has arguably been the most influential idea since the 17th century. That probably means the two Irelands still have some surprises in store for us.
Do read the whole thing. And now there is talk of a Northern Irish referendum.
I wish to thank Ray Lopez for the pointer to Moran.
Justin's Diary
2016-02-22 16:33:57 -0500
February 22, 2016
Dear Diary;
I'd better pay attention to this one. There's a move afoot in Alberta to oust my loyal left-wing anti-oil lieutenant Rachel in a coup d'etat. It's being called a kudatah but, because I reed and rite fonetically, they're not clever enough to pull the wool over my eyes. It looks like some upstart called George Clark is behind it. Now, I've no idea what “Albertans First” is supposed to mean but I've heard he's also involved in that too.
Apparently an NDP membership can be bought for as little as $1, so their plan is for lots and lots of Albertans to sign up and then wield power from within, maybe even to overthrow them I think it's a really dirty trick to play on such a nice lady, after all it's not like she's ever done anything nasty or mean spirited to anyone, especially to honest, hard-working Albertans.
My dear readers are probably wondering why I suddenly seem so concerned about someone else's welfare, especially Westerners. Ah, my zombies are a canny lot. But of course I don't care. You see, being an insightful visionary, I know that it's important for me to learn from this. When the word gets out to the common people that my 21,000 voters, oops, I mean immigrants, oops, I mean refugees, are almost all fakes who have been living peacefully, renting houses and apartments, in towns and cities like Beirut and Amman for years, things could get a little awkward for me. It's one thing to use a few lies to pin the deaths of refugees on Stevie and Chris and make them look bad, but it's something else if the truth makes me look bad, especially when I've been playing on the compassion and generosity of all the Canadians I've duped and playing them for fools to benefit myself.
Anyway, I'll be watching Rachel to see how they deal with them revolting people. Will they placate them by throwing a couple of cabinet members under the bus? Will they hire more big thugs to bully some more press reporters? Maybe she'll take a leaf out of my book and just make up a lot of new rules to block the progress of anything they might not like.
Meanwhile I might be coming into a bit of a quandary over something called, err, ah, um, BDS , em, what's that Gerald? No, not now, I'm in the middle of something. Wait until later.
commented
After Bob Weir was unable to finish Furthur's Capitol Theatre residency in April leading to a rare weeks-long break, we didn't have high hopes for the guitarist's summer. Thankfully, Weir returned in fine form and has not only played all of their scheduled shows over the past few months, but he's also sat in with a number of our favorite acts.
[Photo by Suzy Perler]
For this week's JB List we want to recap some memorable moments from “The Summer Of Weir,” namely the best of their guest spots with a variety of bands.
June 12 –Weir Here Over There
One of Bobby's first gigs back was for a memorable episode of Weir Here that was broadcast from Terrapin Crossroads. Watch Weir perform “Deep Elem Blues” with the TRI All-Stars (Jeff Chimenti, Jay Lane, Dave Schools, Jason Crosby, Jonathan Wilson, and Leslie Mendelson) :
June 26 –AmericanaramA Opening Night
Weir was a late addition to the first four AmericanaramA dates, but made the most of their time on the tour. At the traveling festival's opening night in West Palm Beach, Bobby sat in with Wilco on “Ripple”:
June 27 –Wilco and My Morning Jacket Guest Spots In Tampa
At the second AmericanaramA show, Weir sat in with My Morning Jacket on “Dear Prudence” and later joined Wilco for “Dead Flowers” and “Friend Of The Devil.” Watch Bobby tackle “Friend Of The Devil” with Wilco:
June 29 –Wilco and My Morning Jacket Guest Spots In Atlanta
Weir's third AmericanaramA appearance saw them follow their solo set with more MMJ and Wilco guest spots. Bobby sat in with My Morning Jacket on “I Know You Rider” and later guested with Wilco on “Dark Star” > “California Stars” > “Dark Star.” Listen to audio of “California Stars” thanks to The Steam Engine:
<a href=”http://soundowl.com/track/5l8z/wilco-09-california-stars”>Download Wilco 09 C-lif-rn-a St-rs* > (live 2013-06-29)</a>
June 30 –Weir Says Goodbye To AmericanaramA With More Guest Spots
At Weir's final show on the AmericanaramA bill, Bobby once again sat in with both Wilco and My Morning Jacket. The guitarist guested on both “I Know You Rider” and “Brown-Eyed Women” with MMJ as well as Wilco's takes on “Bird Song” and “Tomorrow Never Knows” in Nashville. Watch Weir and My Morning Jacket's “Brown-Eyed Women”:
July 20 –Weir Guests With Grace Potter And The Nocturnals At All Good
Grace Potter and the Nocturnals brought out Weir for a take on “Friend Of The Devil” at this year's All Good Music Festival:
August 1 & 2 –Weir And Chimenti Guest At San Francisco Garcia Symphonic Celebration
When Warren Haynes brought the Garcia Symphonic Celebration to San Francisco for two nights, Weir was waiting. Bobby and Jeff Chimenti each sat in at both performances. Watch “Stella Blue” from August 1:
August 4 –Weir Guests With Wilco And My Morning Jacket at Shoreline
The AmericanaramA tour wrapped up in the Bay Area at Shoreline. Weir emerged during My Morning Jacket's set for “Brown-Eyed Women,” “I Know You Rider,” “Knockin' On Heaven's Door” and “Glory Days” and later lent a hand on Wilco's “Ripple,” “Dark Star” > “California Stars” > “Dark Star” as well as “St. Stephen.” We're particularly fond of the “St. Stephen” from Wilco's set:
August 5 –Grateful Dead Tribute Night at AT&T Park
Bobby sang the National Anthem with Tim and Tom Flannery before a San Francisco Giants baseball game:
August 9 –Bob Weir Sits In With The National At Outside Lands
For The National's Outside Lands finale, they brought out Weir for a take on their own “Terrible Love”:
August 16 –Weir Among Allman Brothers Band Guests At Peach Fest
Bob Weir not only performed with RatDog at this year's Peach Music Festival, but they also sat in with a handful of acts. Here's their guest spot with the Allman Brothers Band on “Good Morning Little Schoolgirl”:
August 18 –The Black Crowes Welcome Weir For Dylan Cover At Peach Fest
Bobby's final Peach Music Festival sit in came during The Black Crowes' set, when they guested on “Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues”:
. . .
I need to spend more time with Greek black metal, and I don't think I'm alone. The country's history with the genre is very nearly as old as Norway's but their rich tremolo-picked tradition hasn't made inroads into the United States. This is doubly surprising, because most Americans are much more familiar with Greek mythology than Norse folktales, and probably more than christian demonology – Jeremy Irons never voiced a duke of hell or a frost giant in an animated Disney musical, after all. Things look even grimmer for Greek black metal's prospects in the future – economic austerity measures instituted by the EU keep the country's workforce in turmoil, even though Norway remains mostly insulated from the Great Recession and its after effects. Deep water drilling ist krieg.
All of which means that whenever my ears come across a Greek gem, I tend to treasure it. Yes, Rotting Christ have managed to make an international touring career for themselves, but they're barely the tip of the Aegean iceberg. Records like Nykta by Zemial, or Nocternity's Onyx deserve greater appreciation.
Today, I add Agatus to that list. Their upcoming album, The Eternalist captured my attention with ease. The fraternal duo began recording music in 1992, but haven't released a record in 14 years. Since 1992 much of the overtly black elements of their sounds have been removed, in favor of heavy metal classicism. I hear Amon Amarth and Manilla Road, for example, in “The Invisible (Fifth Portal to Atlantis)”.
. . .
The Eternalist by AGATUS
. . .
The Eternalist will be out on October 9 via Hells Headbangers. Pre-order it here. Follow Agatus on Facebook
. . .
On 17th July 2013 I delivered a talk at the CommsDay Wholesale and Data Centre Summit in Sydney about the NBN called “The Ideal Wholesale NBN Market”.
This talk proposes just a few of the many ways in which the build cost, build time, and operating cost of the FTTH NBN could be lowered (perhaps dramatically lowered) by auditing the entire existing design and by applying the fruits of some lateral thinking about what is really needed to make the network work – and what the network can do without.
Here is the PDF slide pack for my talk:
FIbre on a Copper Budget
Here (below) is an embedded video that ‘plays' the presentation slides synchronised with the audio recording of the presentation ‘as delivered'.
This is a much better way to appreciate the content, so if you can spare 20 minutes, please click on the video below – and I hope you enjoy it:
NEW YORK -- A young fan sitting in the lower-level seats at Yankee Stadium was bloodied by a 105 mph line drive that struck them in the face during Wednesday's Minnesota Twins-New York Yankees game.
They were transported to nearby NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center.
Them father and grandfather spoke briefly with reporters there Wednesday night. When asked whether they would need surgery, the girl's father, who declined to give their name, said: "It's too early to tell."
"She's doing all right. Just keep them in your thoughts," they told WABC-NY.
The toddler was attending the game with their grandparents.
The game was delayed for about five minutes as medics attended to them Yankees third baseman Todd Frazier looked visibly upset, while teammate Matt Holliday wiped away tears.
The Yankees declined to talk about their status, citing HIPAA laws that protect individuals' privacy. During Yankees manager Joe Girardi's postgame news conference, they said they were told by members of the team's security staff that the girl was doing OK, but they said that was only secondhand or thirdhand information.
Editor's Picks Judge hits 45th HR; Gregorius passes Jeter Aaron Judge hit their AL-leading 45th home run and topped 100 RBIs. Didi Gregorius surpassed Derek Jeter for the most home runs by a Yankees shortstop and New York beat the Twins 11-3 on Wednesday for a three-game sweep.
Frazier had tears in their eyes as they spoke to reporters after the game. It was their fifth-inning liner that hit the girl in the face as they sat with their grandparents about five rows up on the third-base side of Yankee Stadium. Frazier said they thought of their own two children, who are both under 3 years old.
"It was terrible," Frazier said. "I was shaken up a little bit. I hope they are all right. It is something that I wish never happened. It was tough. Tough to watch. Tough to be a part of, to be honest."
The protective netting at Yankee Stadium ends at the home plate side of each dugout. After the game, many players voiced support for more safeguards.
"We need it," Yankees All-Star Aaron Judge said.
Twins second baseman Brian Dozier offered their impressions.
"Either, one, you don't bring kids down there, or No. 2, every stadium needs to have nets," Dozier said. "That's it. I don't care about the damn view of a fan or what. It's all about safety.
"I still have a knot in my stomach. ... I hope the kid's OK. We need nets, or don't put kids down there."
Major League Baseball issued recommendations for protective netting or screens in December 2015, encouraging teams to have it in place between the ends of the dugouts closest to home plate.
"It remains an ongoing discussion in the industry,'' commissioner Rob Manfred said at Safeco Field before Wednesday night's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers. "We gave some guidelines two years ago, and what we have done since then is that we have encouraged the individual clubs to engage in a localized process, look at their own stadiums -- every stadium's different -- and to try to make a good decision about how far the netting should go in order to promote fan safety.
"If you look at what's happened, there has been a continuous focus-forward movement in terms of increased netting in stadiums around the leagues, and I expect that process will continue this offseason."
On Thursday, Manfred told ESPN's Bob Ley through a spokesperson that the league would "redouble" its efforts to promote expanded netting following Wednesday's incident.
The Yankees have been examining the issue, which has been pushed to the forefront by New York City Council member Rafael L. Espinal Jr., who introduced legislation in May that city ballparks should extend their netting to protect fans.
New York third-base coach Joe Espada reacts after a young girl was hit by a line drive Wednesday at Yankee Stadium. AP Photo/Bill Kostroun
The New York Mets already have made adjustments to Citi Field, extending netting beyond the outfield ends of the dugouts this season following the All-Star break.
"No one should ever go to a baseball game and leave severely injured," Espinal said in a statement Wednesday. "Nor should any player have to feel the guilt associated with injuring a fan, especially when that injury could have been prevented by safety nets. Since introducing this legislation, I have been in contact with both teams, and I commend the Mets for stepping to the plate and leading the country by extending their netting farther than any other team. Since then, we have been waiting to hear from the Yankees on their plans on how they will move forward and urge them to let the public know as soon as possible where they stand."
Over the summer, the Yankees said they were "seriously exploring" extending the netting for 2018. A team spokesperson said the Yankees had no comment or update on where those plans stood.
On Wednesday, players from the Yankees and Twins wished the netting already had been extended after they saw the girl struck.
"Our players were very disturbed," Girardi said. "I was at Wrigley Field as a player and saw a young man get hit. And I think that they were in a coma for a day or two. And I was catching that game, and it really stuck with me.
"Does it happen more now? I don't know. I do think the fans are closer to the home plate now, and that might need to be something that needs to be evaluated."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Please Note:
Our distribution site is located on Crescent Street near 30th Avenue. Pick-up times are from 5:30 to 8 PM on Wednesdays starting in June and ending in November.Harvest Astoria is a volunteer-run organization. We cannot function without gracious time commitments from each of our share-members. Each share is required to contribute a total 6 hours of volunteering at our distribution site, on Wednesday mornings or evenings.We are allowingto register online or by mail this year. Please complete and return the member registration form listed below. Include payment with your completed registration form or pay online (additional fee applies).Registrations must be received by 4/30/17 to qualify for the summer season. The completed form and payment can be emailed to membership@harvestastoria.com or mailed to:Harvest Astoria CSA28-24 Steinway Street, #235Astoria, NY 11103If convenient, registration and payment can be hand-delivered to our mailbox at the UPS Store at the address listed above.You must sign up for your volunteer hours when you register for the season.Payment Methods:• Exact Cash• Personal Check or Money Order (made out to Harvest Astoria CSA)• Credit/Debit Card ($13.00 additional fee)We are allowing all members to register online or by mail, but we do ask that new members attend an informational session before the start of the season. All members are welcome to register in person at one of our info sessions.Informational Presentations begin at 6:15pm and 7:00pmInformational Presentations begin at 6:15pm and 7:00pmInformation Sessions will be held in the Parish Hall at Church of the Redeemer (30-14 Crescent Street, Astoria, NY 11102-3249). Please use the second entrance (single red door with peephole) on the side of the church; when inside, turn left. Please do not pass through the church sanctuary unless you are attending the service.For more information please explore our website at www.harvestastoria.com and email any questions to info@harvestastoria.com
• Rovers reported to have offered £130,000-per-week deal • Ronaldinho in Brazil after being told they can leave Milan
Blackburn Rovers have made an audacious bid to sign Ronaldinho from Milan. The plan is the brainchild of Balaji Rao, a member of the family who run Venky's, the Indian chicken company which recently bought the Lancashire club.
Ronaldinho has been given permission by Milan to find a new club and was widely believed to be heading back to Brazil to play for Gremio. But their brother and agent, Roberto de Assis, revealed to they Daily Mirror that Blackburn and another unnamed Premier League club have been in contact with them about signing the Brazilian World Cup winner.
"Blackburn have contacted us. There is also other interest in England but this is confidential," said De Assis.
Venky's leaked news of its interest on its website briefly yesterday before removing it. However, sources close to Rovers reveal the move has been on for the past month.
Rovers are understood to have offered Ronaldinho a £130,000-per-week, two-and-a-half-year contract and would also have to pay Milan a fee.
Rovers' chances of landing Ronaldinho appeared slim after they were given permission by Milan to leave their training camp in Dubai and fly back to Brazil to negotiate a transfer.
"It's just a decision by them to change their lives, go back to Brazil," Milan's coach, Massimiliano Allegri, said last night. "It's difficult for them to come back."
The Brazilian clubs Gremio, Flamengo and Palmeiras have said they are interested in the playmaker.
Ronaldinho's brother left the door open tantalisingly when they added last night: "We will arrive in Porto Alegre in order to negotiate with Gremio but nothing is decided yet.
"Everything depends on how these negotiations go. If we don't reach an agreement with a club in Brazil, then they will return to Milan, as they are still a Milan player. We are not ruling anything out."
The Rao family bought Blackburn for £43m in November and showed their ability to shock the footballing world when they sacked the manager, Sam Allardyce, a few weeks later.
Venky's chairperson, Anuradha Desai, said after Allardyce's departure that the new owners wanted a top-five finish and "good football."
The signing of Ronaldinho would certainly fit in with that remit and bring a fresh buzz to Ewood Park.
A source close to Venky's was last night reported as saying the club have been in negotiations with De Assis for several weeks and have made their interest in the player official.
At Such A Voice, we believe success in the voice over profession resembles the same patterns of success that exist in most vocations. Simply put, the people who focus more, take action, and develop constructive habits achieve the highest levels of success. Surprisingly, this often has little to do with actual vocal qualities. Instead, the habits of the voice over artist are the driving factors of the voice actor's business achievements.
The good news is success leaves clues. Emulating the habits of successful voice over professionals is the surest way to achieve success yourself. So how do typical high performing voice over experts run their days?
1. Consistent recording of their voice even when it's not for a paying voice over gig. At Such A Voice we teach our students to practice reinventing commercials they've heard, record themselves reading books, record the scripts of other voice over pros they aspire to emulate, and even generate their own content for the creation of personalized projects.
The purpose of this habit is obvious. One is that practice makes perfect. The more they record themselves, edit the recordings, and work out the kinks in their performance, the more effective they are in real auditions and on paying projects. The other benefit is that they simply enjoy it.
2. Well laid out business plan. Effective business planning include daily activities and weekly, monthly, and quarterly goals. At Suchavoice.com we train our students to follow a regimented set of activities. Such A Voice coaches offer a complimentary business planning session for the purpose of outlining a daily set of activities that can be accomplished with a commitment of only one hour per day. Email us at service@suchavoice.com or dial 802-275-0154 for more information about that.
3. Market themselves with super disciplined regularity. In fact, for the top professionals who are regularly hired for gigs, the gigs themselves offer marketing of their own. This is one of the coolest aspects of the voice over business. A voice over artist who has voiced a commercial or an audiobook has many thousands of people listening to their voice regularly. Some of those listeners are the very decision makers in the business that the voice over pro wants to connect with. As a voice over expert does more and more work, getting more work becomes easier as a result of this exposure.
4. Regular networking is a fourth habit of highly successful voice over experts. Social media networks like Twitter, Facebook, and Linked In, create enormous opportunities for voice over pros to connect with referral sources, peers, and opportunities. Conferences and events create many other opportunities too, and top voice over pro's take advantage of all of these.
5. Daily learning. The voice over profession is a rapidly changing industry. New innovations emerge daily. New technologies and companies create new tools and resources for voice over professionals. Top voice over pro's are constantly learning about the products, technologies, and shifts in the marketplace that directly effect how and where they can acquire work.
6. Daily research. The voice over artist who proactively seek out the companies, products, and opportunities are the ones who find themselves in the front of the line when the need for a voice over occurs. Google searches for new companies that build apps, make video games, and develop intellectual property emerge daily.
7. Regular contribution. This is where voice over pro's give back to the industry that has given so much to them. This can take the form of mentoring, blog creation, coaching, nurturing genuine relationships with their clients and peers, or even just conducting interviews to share their stories and provide advice.
The voice over profession is a large and rapidly expanding field, and the opportunities for everyone connected to this industry are profound. A generous disposition will return profound dividends.
Lonny Hogan is a marketing and business development expert, working directly with Such A Voice to grow the brand.
Comments
comments
Beyoncé always wears the right thing. Whether it's a pantsless look for a red carpet or a sparkly gown to the grocery store, Bey is never wrong, because...hello, she's Beyoncé. But last night, Queen B was particularly right with their wardrobe choice. The singer performed at Hillary Clinton's #GetOutTheVote concert and, in a nod to the presidential candidate's signature look, wore a pantsuit.
Getty Images
Flawless.
Getty Images
But they didn't stop there: In addition to their own black-and-white polka-dot pantsuit, their backup dancers wore blue pantsuits and what appear to be custom Beyoncé "I'm With Them shirts." And...doesn't that look like the wide-brimmed hat Beyoncé wears in the "Formation" video (and performances) over the "I'm With Her"?
Getty Images
Need another look? How about that shirt Bey was wearing backstage during their casual hang with Hillary?
YESSSSS.
While there doesn't appear to be any Beyoncé X Hillary merch available on either queen's site at the moment, we will hold out hope that they'll appear soon, because they are perfection.
In the meantime, we'll make do with this unofficial Hillary product:
Three Boynton Beach police officers took part in an illegal “beatdown” of a suspect, then concocted a cover-up when they found out they had been videotaped by a hovering helicopter, prosecutors told jurors Tuesday.
Defense attorneys for the three men, only one of whom still works in law enforcement, told the jury the criminal trial is an unfair attempt by prosecutors to second-guess how the officers handled a very dangerous arrest.
“People want to second-guess them after the fact. … The government is Monday-morning quarterbacking,” defense attorney Bruce Reinhart said during opening statements in federal court in West Palm Beach.
But prosecutors quickly followed up with damaging testimony from three fellow law enforcement officers – who expressed concerns about how the incident, and the aftermath, was handled by the defendants.
The trio accused of inflicting the beating – Officer Michael Brown and former officers Justin Harris and Ronald Ryan – have pleaded not guilty to federal charges that could send them to prison if they are convicted.
Prosecutors say Brown, Harris and Ryan used “excessive force” by beating and kicking the front-seat passenger and using a stun gun on them after a high-speed chase on Aug. 20, 2014.
They also said the officers filed false initial reports about what happened and then adjusted them about a week later after they found out that the beating was videotaped by an overhead helicopter operated by the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office.
The officers had arrested the front-seat passenger, Jeffrey Braswell, on a charge of resisting arrest without violence before they found out about the video.
After realizing what was on tape, they rewrote their reports and added claims that Braswell had resisted them, tried to assault them and appeared to have been reaching for a weapon or trying to escape, prosecutors said. The officers were trying to justify their excessive use of force by making it seem like the suspect resisted them enough to justify what they did, according to the prosecution.
Boynton Beach Police Officer Patrick Monteith testified Tuesday that they saw much of what unfolded after the police chase ended and officers “swarmed” around the suspects' car. Their testimony, which resumes on Wednesday, suggested that Braswell was not resisting during the beating.
Monteith, who told jurors it was a “little bit” uncomfortable to see their fellow officers in court, testified that they had their police rifle trained on Braswell and watched much of what unfolded from just in front of the hood of the suspects' car.
“I could see their [Braswell's] hands. Their hands were up. … They were blocking blows that were coming [from officers],” Monteith testified.
Braswell, whose seat belt was still on, was jerking back and forth in the seat from the blows like they were in a washing machine, Monteith said.
When one of the officers, Brown, fired their Taser stun gun without warning, Monteith said they initially thought one of the suspects had fired a gun.
“I very nearly shot this guy [Braswell],” Monteith said.
Monteith's testimony could be key because the video, shot by the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office, is not totally clear. It was recorded by a night-vision camera that detects heat from bodies and vehicles and renders somewhat fuzzy black and white images, rather than clear daylight video.
The defense attorneys for all three men are arguing that the overhead video does not depict what officers on the ground could see and that it's unfair for others to second-guess their actions.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Osborne told the jury the officers' initial reports did not match what is clear from the video: “Not even close. … This video depicts a beatdown.”
After Brown watched the video with their supervisor, all three officers changed their reports, they said.
“They took pains to cover up what they did,” Osborne told the jury.
The defense told jurors the evidence will show that the officers did not use excessive force. The officers may have left out some details or not included absolutely everything that happened when they filed their initial reports that were filed just hours after the incident, the defense lawyers said.
The defense argued that officers had ticked a box on a separate “use-of-force” form, which indicated there had been some kind of physical contact or struggle with the suspect.
Boynton Beach Police Chief Jeffrey Katz testified that ticking a box – on an internal police department form they said is used to compile statistics and help with training – was not sufficient. They said the officers were required to document, in more detail and in their first versions of their reports, what had happened.
The case involves a 12-minute high-speed chase that began when another officer tried to pull over the three occupants of a Mitsubishi car for a traffic infraction in Boynton Beach. The vehicle took off and went north on Interstate 95 to Okeechobee Boulevard in West Palm Beach and then south on the highway to Lake Worth.
Before Brown finally forced the car to stop, on a suburban street in Lake Worth, the chase had reached 80 to 100 mph, authorities said.
Someone threw white powder out of one of the windows and the car “clipped” an officer who was trying to stop it during the chase, prosecutors said. That officer also was struck by one of the police vehicles, but they survived.
Only three of the nine or 10 officers at the scene are facing criminal charges. All three were involved in the arrest of Braswell.
Chief Katz, who prosecutors said conducted an “integrity” test of their officers when the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office sent them the helicopter video of the incident, told the jury they had hoped the officers' initial reports would match what was on the video. When the reports didn't explain what was on the video, they asked the FBI and state prosecutors to investigate and federal charges were filed earlier this year.
Brown is on paid leave while the criminal case is pending. Harris and Ryan left the department before the charges were filed and are no longer working as officers.
The trial resumes on Wednesday.
I am an Appalachian Trail THru Hiker, so I used this a lot more than most. I have not gotten sick using it, and I have used some pretty suspicious water sources. I only gave it 3 stars becuase of a couple of issues.
The first problem is that the gasket that fits between the screw threads and the bottle or bag of raw water has fallen out, and without it raw squirts everywhere when you use it. It will still filter, somewhat, but it becomes a long and wet process. Since the other option is to drink raw water, that can be a problem on an extended trip. Garden hose gaskets can be used as replacements (Outfitters don't have them) but also fall out, as do plumbing o rings. I carry a pack of spares with me now since I have had so many issues. This is a common problem with this device on trail.
Second problem is the bladder bags burst up near the neck. over the last 5 months I have used 9 bladder bags, of different sizes, that have all burst. Replacements for these are usually available since this also is a constant and recurring problem for thru hikers. The bladders are 6-10 bucks for replacement, which isn't too much, but then 8 replacements add up. Additionally, I was always carrying a spare, either for myself or to give to another hiker in a burst bag emergency. Fortunately the thread matches a number of drink manufacturers thread for their plastic bottles, which don't burst but are more awkward to use, and I now have a Smart water bottle and a Lipton tea bottle that I use instead of bladders.
Just as an additional note, the Smart water bottle tops are the same size as the nozzle on the filter, and can be used to backflush the filter, eliminating the need to carry around the syringe thing
I realize there is a lifetime guarantee, but that is of no use when you are out in the woods, and the bladder bags have so many disclaimers that good luck to you getting free replacements from any retailer near a trail.
The year's biggest and brightest full moon will rise Sunday night.
It'll be the second "supermoon" of the summer, and this one could be most impressive.
A supermoon is a full moon that appears unusually big. It happens when the moon, which orbits the earth in a slightly elliptical trajectory, is the closest to Earth it can get while also being full.
The moon may seem huge when seen close to the horizon, but that's just an illusion caused by its position in the sky. The best time to see the supermoon is just after it rises, which will be around 8:06 p.m. in the Tampa Bay area.
Supermoons aren't all that rare. In fact, there are three in a row this summer. The first occurred last month, and another is due Sept. 9.
The supermoon isn't all that's happening in the sky. The Perseid media shower, with as many as 100 shooting stars an hour, will peak around 2 a.m. Monday through Wednesday.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ah, Manchester: urbane, without being pretentious, creative, without being indulgent, and what's more there is art every where. Even on the streets.
The Northern Quarter, in particular, is host to some stunning displays of street art.
Whether it's David Bowie , or the striking appearance of the Stranger Things logo - our area is dotted with brilliant expressions of creativity and pop-culture wit.
It is NOT those fine examples that we turn our attention to now.
Alongside the wonderful, creative displays, there are altogether weirder things happening on the regions' walls.
A thread on Manchester Reddit last week asked people to contribute the weirdest and most unintelligible examples of graffiti they had seen.
So in the spirit of further investigation we present some of the best they found here - along with a couple of our favourites.
(Image: Sean Hansford)
Ducks
It's a question we've all asked ourselves at one point (okay, just me then).
Where DO they go?
One ornithologically curious Manc was so despairing of an answer to the question: 'where do ducks go at night', that in a pique of intellectual curiosity they took to scrawling the question on the wall in Castlefield Basin.
Not for this scholar, Wikipedia or Google - they want answers and they want them now.
via Reddit user (nicesoot)
(Image: Vincent Cole)
Cider
Sometimes a universal truth is so self-evident that we somehow pass it by, only to be reminded, in a Road To Damascus like moment, of it's obvious validity and deep meaning.
Such is our next piece of street wisdom: "Cider makes everything better."
Under the Mancunian Way bridge next to Sackville Street. Can't argue with that.
*Note this bit of graffiti has now been edited to say 'Acid makes everything better' - which is entirely more questionable as an assertion.
via Reddit user (RickAScorpii)
Cheese
Seriously Phil get help.
Or at least break out the crackers and chutney.
On second thoughts hold the chutney.
Dinner
Of course not all street wisdom or philosophy comes courtesy of the spray can.
Take for instance this one: "Eat your dinner" , written into wet cement.
Who is it addressed at? Does it still remain in the concrete?
Why is the writer so keen on encouraging us to eat our dinner?
So many questions. So little time.
via Reddit user (GaelicCyberSquatter)
Toy Story
A film reviewer takes to the walls.
A lukewarm reception for the film though. Bet they cried. Everyone cries at Toy Story 3.
(Image: Rui Vieira/PA Wire)
Insurance
Ned Flanders of Simpsons fame couldn't abide insurance, on the grounds that they thought it was a form of gambling.
Our next piece of graffiti is similarly controversial: "Insurance = racism".
The Reddit user doesn't say where it was spotted - merely writing 'Wat?'.
Wat indeed.
via Reddit user (shirleyucantbserious)
Cardinal sin
Nope, we have no idea either.
Why someone would want to pose a theological/historical question on the walls of a pub bathroom is also one of life's great mysteries.
Liverpool
Although many things in this list are incomprehensible to Mancs, this next one is perhaps the most confusing of all: 'Liverpool is alright', written near Piccadilly Station.
These are dark times in our city.
via Reddit user (AllanOcelot)
Films
Remember the Police Academy films?
Those torrid real life documentary style movies that captured the stress, confusion and horror facing everyday police folk (clearly you don't).
Well, who would think this low point of mid-eighties to mid-nineties comedic celluloid would inspire graffiti.
Well, apparently it has: "police academy 4 was hightowers best one" was written in the toilets of Common some years ago.
Baffling, but broadly correct.
via Reddit user (OnlySaysHaaa)
Happy
Let's end on a cheery note.
One word spray painted on a wall: Happy . With the Y shaped to look like a smile. "Weirdly it does always make me smile", says Reddit User TheGeorge.
Yes, yes we can see why it would.
What's the weirdest graffiti you've seen in the region? Let us know below.
Germany has taken some fundamental energy decisions in recent months, ones that are interesting for other countries to study and learn from. The most "famous" decision recently has been to phase out nuclear power in the next ten years. This move builds on years of debate and a societal decision after Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accident to move away from nuclear energy.
There has been much less focus, however, on the phasing in of other sources of energy. Nor has there been much focus on how Germany can remain the economic powerhouse of Europe, and the world's second largest exporting country, while removing a significant source of energy from its grid.
This phase-in story is vital to understand, especially taking into account that Germany plans to meet ambitious greenhouse gas reduction targets while it phases out nuclear power. So, how will this work?
A bit of history
The coalition that governed Germany from 1998 to 2005, led by the Social Democrats and the Greens, put in place a series of policies to scale up renewables and phase out nuclear energy. Just last year the new and current government coalition (a more conservative mix) decided on a new energy concept that consisted of two main elements.
1. Agreement to phase out nuclear energy, but on a slower timeframe. To do so they decided to extend the lifetimes of the 17 German nuclear power plants by eight to twelve years.
2. Agreement to an ambitious set of short and long-term energy and climate policy goals including:
* a 40% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 coupled with a longer term 80 to 95% target by 2050 (compared to 1990 levels),
* a massive expansion of renewable energy in all sectors, e.g. an increase of renewable power in power generation from 17% in 2010 to 35% in 2020 and 80% in 2050
* a target to reduce energy consumption from buildings by 20% by 2020 and 80% by 2050.
* A target to reduce energy consumption from transportation by 10% in 2020 and 25% in 2050.
After the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan, however, there was a decision to go back to the original phase-out schedule of 2000, while keeping in place the climate and energy targets the government had set the year before. This approach was backed by a large majority, with eighty-five percent of parliamentarians voting for both a more rapid phase-out and a number of measures (see below) on the phase-in of clean energy.
Three strategic approaches
Germany's energy transition is based on three strategic approaches.
First, energy efficiency
Although efforts will focus on improving energy efficiency in all sectors, there is a strong focus on the building sector. This is important due to its long-living capital stocks and long renovation cycles in Germany. In other words, windows of opportunity to change buildings that stay around for decades don't come along very regularly, so you have to grasp them when they do. If you miss that window energy efficiency measures at buildings will be much more costly or even infeasible.
The approach is two-pronged. First of all, there is the European Union directive on Energy Performance of Buildings, which states that all new buildings must consume nearly zero energy from 2020 onwards. Germany of course must follow this regulation as well. In addition, Germany has put in place new incentive programs to support the renovation of buildings. In addition to using the auction revenue from the European Emissions Trading Scheme (Europe's "cap-and-trade" system) for renovation programs, Germany has also put in place special tax reductions for the renovation of buildings. Together 3.4 billion euros will go towards a lower energy consuming, modernized building sector in Germany.
Second, carbon free energy in all sectors
In order to achieve the long-term decarbonisation target, all sectors must transform their fuel basis to carbon-free energies. In the power sector, the focus is on renewable energies, linked with the ambitious targets noted above. For some sectors, electricity and district heating will play a significant role if produced by renewable or low-carbon energy sources.
In the interim period new highly efficient and flexible gas power plants will likely be built as back-up power. New coal fired power plants are highly unlikely. With the significant increase of renewable energies and fact that there will be full auctioning of emission allowances under the European Union Emissions trading Scheme, the economics just don't add up.
Given the significant role of electricity for the decarbonization for many sectors, the fast and early transition of the power sector to renewable energies is a key pillar of the transition of the energy system. As noted above, the new renewables targets are being implemented with regular revisions.
In the transport sector, Germany must implement the EU auto efficiency standards. In addition, Germany has put in place a strong innovation program for electric mobility with the goal to have one million electric cars on the market by 2020 and six million by 2030. There are currently 42 million traditional cars on the road.
Third, strategic focus on the long-term goals
As noted above, policy is focused on reducing emissions in the sectors with long-living capital stocks, e.g. buildings and power plants. These sectors structure energy demand and greenhouse gas emissions for long periods of time.
However, one must ensure that the infrastructure for such a transition is in place. Therefore, Germany has started a new legal process to develop the "target grid 2050" which includes all infrastructure roll out and adjustments needed for a renewable-energy dominated electricity system.
This planning process creates the basis for regulators to license related investments and thus provides certainty around the future of the grid. Special efforts will be made to adjust and roll-out the necessary infrastructure, including the transmission networks which will transport wind power from the northern parts of the country to the South, smart distribution networks which can manage large shares of electric cars and power production from decentralized sources as well as sufficient storage options to deal with large shares of variable power sources.
A lesson for other countries?
This package of proposals forms the basis for Germany's confidence that it can phase out one source of energy and phase in renewable energy and energy efficiency. The combination of a mix of policies (emissions trading, standards, regulations, incentives) with planning and investments in the longer-term infrastructure is the pathway Germany has chosen.
While this mix will not necessarily be the same in every country, other countries can learn from the different pieces of the German package to transition to an economically strong, low carbon economy.
Otaku Garage Japan is going amazing and some of the perks of living in Japan is the car related events here. This week I went to the 44th annual Tokyo Motor Show 2015 and it was full of all the latest and greatest new concept cars for the future from all of the car manufactures.
The Tokyo Motor Show this year had the theme of “your heart will race” and It's safe to say with the concept cars I saw my heart raced.
The first concept car I laid eyes on was this crazy looking Toyota KIKAI. It seemed to be a cross of a old classic car with modern technology. It honestly reminded me of a sand dune buggy but dang it just screams out uniqueness everywhere.
The next thing that caught my eye was the Yamaha MotoBot. You may have seen the video that Yamaha released challenging Valentino Rossi. MotoBot says they want to surpass them in the video. Although they show footage of MotoBot riding the bike I am yet convinced it can travel or race at any decent speeds. It doesn't even appear that the bot can lean, so it still has a lot of development to go. But saying this its an exciting thing seeing robotics getting to this level.
I have never been a fan of Daihatsu but their concept cars are really interesting. Especially the Daihatsu Nori Ori (bright green van) and the D-base. I couldn't help but imagine what the streets of Tokyo would look like with these bright coloured cars driving around everywhere and it really got me thinking about the future and what It's going to look like.
It wasn't just cars that you saw everywhere. There were stands for all the major brands of car part manufactures. Pretty much if there was a company that made any form of OEM parts they were there.
Honda had a huge setup… but there wasn't a single unicorn insight. Unfortunately they really didn't have anything that didn't already look like what they currently have. So I moved on fairly quickly to Mazda.
Mazda had their new MX5 Miata on display in all different forms. One being a full track spec'ed out for racing. But what really caught my attention was the concept for the new RX-Vision which has a rotary under hood. Unfortunately they are still keeping the specifics about the engine hush hush which was a bit of a downer but they definitely have my interest peaked!
I finally decided it was time to visit Nissan. Save the best to last as the say. By far Nissan had the best performance and setup at the Tokyo Motor Show. Putting aside the dancers and their epic routine they introduced us to the future right before our eyes. The Nissan IDS is a car that drives by it self. Yes thats right, it does not need a driver. They did a demonstration on the stage as an example and it was a pretty awesome site to see. If you are thinking that there is no fun in having a car that you can't drive yourself. Don't worry, The Nissan IDS has a manual option and a steering wheel comes out of the dash.
From here I went straight towards the Nissan Nismo signs and spent the next 30 minuets drooling over what they had on display. Nismo editions of all of their current high-end performance cars! The highlight obviously being the Nismo R35 GTR.
After I snapped a few shots of the Nismo R35 GTR I discovered that they had tucked away behind it the Grand Turismo GTR Concept Car. The rear end is pure amaze balls!
All in all the Tokyo Motor Show was amazing and I am pumped to go again next year.
Here is a gallery of some more pictures from the day.
By Medea BenjaminEditor's note: CODEPINK for Peace issued the following statement about what is happening at Standing Rock and its involvement. Medea Benjamin is an author, activist and cofounder of CODEPINK.
It is with a heavy heart that I travel to Standing Rock to give thanks and serve meals to the water protectors who, in the freezing weather, have braved attack dogs, tear gas, water cannons, rubber bullets, percussion grenades and other forms of state-sanctioned violence. This Thanksgiving comes on the heels of a particularly heart-wrenching day, Nov. 21, when over 150 activists were injured, receiving treatment for hypothermia, contamination by tear gas, and traumas from rubber bullets. One activist, 21-year-old Sophia Wilansky, will spend the holiday undergoing a third surgery on their shattered arm that was ripped apart by an exploding concussion grenade.
READ: Updates on the Latest Developments at Standing Rock
It is appalling that these fierce attacks against peaceful activists are happening under President Barack Obama's watch, and these water protectors are anticipating even greater repression when Donald Trump gets to the White House. During the campaign, Trump promised to roll back regulations on the fossil fuel industry and unleash “a treasure trove of untapped energy.”
Kelcy Warren, CEO of the Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) that is building the Dakota pipeline, gave over $100,000 to Trump's campaign and Trump themselves owns stock in the company. After the election, Warren said they were “very, very enthusiastic about what's going to happen with our country.”
Trump and Warren would do well to listen to the Cree prophecy: “When all the trees have been cut down, when all the animals have been hunted, when all the waters are polluted, when all the air is unsafe to breathe, only then will you discover you cannot eat money.”
The Standing Rock Sioux are steeped in that reality. “Today, well over two thirds of the population of Standing Rock is below the poverty level—and the land and Mother River are what remains, a constant, for the people. That is what is threatened today,” indigenous leader Winona LaDuke. “The Standing Rock protest camp represents that struggle for freedom, and the future of a people. The future of all of us.”
READ: Dakota Pipeline Would Make Water the New Oil, Devastating All but the Rich
The Thanksgiving break has brought caravans of people from all over the country to join this struggle for freedom and show our thanks to the indigenous community. We at CODEPINK, under the initiative of activist/entrepreneur Judy Wicks, are helping to cook a Thanksgiving meal for 2,000 people and bringing donations to fortify the encampments for the bitter cold winter ahead.
“Standing Rock is a call to all of us to protect what we love,” says Wicks as they prepared for a massive dinner at the community school in Fort Yates, the only place that was large enough to hold thousands of activists. “The water protectors' courage and love of the land inspires those of us in other communities to defend our watersheds—to stop fracking, drilling, pipelines, refineries and all fossil fuel infrastructure that is leading toward the end of life on Earth as we know it.”
On Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, indigenous leaders have called for a global day of action, including protests across the country at banks financing the $3.8 billion pipeline, energy companies with a stake in the pipeline, and sheriff's departments that have sent police to repress the ongoing resistance.
There are also many solidarity actions you can take on your own: Donate to sustain the encampment for the months ahead. Call the local sheriff's department to denounce their violent actions. Call North Dakota governor Jack Dalrymple to say, “No Pipeline.” Tell the Army Corps of Engineers to deny the permit to drill beneath the Missouri River. Contact the banks funding the pipeline and withdraw your money.
READ: Wall Street Is Prepared to Destroy Mother Earth
Finally, as you celebrate this holiday with family and friends, take a moment to remember the history of genocide and dispossession our nation was founded on. “Thanksgiving is a part of the mythology that attempts to cover up the real history of the United States,” says historian Roxanne Dunbar Ortiz. “It is a completely made-up story to say the native people welcomed the very people who were going to devastate their civilization. This is simply a lie, and it has to be deconstructed.”
With their heroic stand to deconstruct the Dakota Access pipeline, the indigenous tribes gathered at Standing Rock are also deconstructing Thanksgiving. And they are showing us a path for the future that should inspire us for the difficult times ahead: a future based on respect for Mother Earth and all species, cooperation, generosity, nonviolence, humility and love.
As the world continues its slow shift to renewable energy, it would be great to limit the carbon dioxide produced from the fossil fuels we'll burn in the meantime. Some researchers are working on capturing that CO 2 from smokestacks using as little energy as possible. Others are working on places to put it.
Deep, briny aquifers are an obvious choice. The concern there is the risk of leakage. Once we put the CO 2 deep into the Earth, we want it to stay there. Eventually, the CO 2 dissolved in those brines can precipitate as carbonate minerals (which won't be going anywhere), but that takes a pretty long time.
Brines aren't the only option for locking away captured CO 2 , though. There are also volcanic rocks that will readily react with CO 2 , potentially speeding things along. In 2012, a pilot project got rolling in Iceland to inject CO 2 into basalt—something the island nation has in abundance. An impressive outcome from this pilot is reported in a new paper published in Science.
A team led by University of Southampton researcher Juerg Matter was involved in the CarbFix project, located next to a geothermal power plant outside Reykjavik. This plant basically taps a source of steam above Iceland's shallow magma chambers, but some volcanic CO 2 and sulfur gas come along with it. The goal is to capture that gas and stick it back underground. That's done with an injection well drilled down into basalt bedrock, a material that was born as erupted lavas.
Carbon dioxide is often compressed to a supercritical fluid for these injections, but this project has chosen to dissolve it in water instead. That requires a lot of water—about 25 tons of water for every ton of CO 2 —but the solution isn't buoyant so there's little risk of the CO 2 escaping upwards. The researchers also added a few chemical tags so they could follow the fluid after it was injected between 400 and 800 meters below the surface. Those tags included some CO 2 high in carbon-14, and a couple gases like sulfur hexafluoride that would simply go along for the ride.
Monitoring wells at various depths and distances away were frequently tested for signs of these chemical tags after the injections. The nonreactive sulfur hexafluoride showed up on schedule, diluted as the injected water spread out and mixed with groundwater. The carbon in those samples, however, told a different story.
Very quickly, the amount of carbon (and carbon-14) fell to less than 5 percent of what would be expected if all the CO 2 they injected was still there. This suggests it must have precipitated out along the way. In fact, a pump in one of the wells stopped working because it became encased in precipitated calcium carbonate. The carbon-14 in that calcium carbonate showed that it did indeed come from the injected CO 2 .
The surprise here is how quickly it all happened. The monitoring reported here covered less than two years. Laboratory experiments have shown that it ought to take decades for CO 2 injected into basalt to mineralize. The researchers write, “The results of this study demonstrate that nearly complete in situ CO 2 mineralization in basaltic rocks can occur in less than 2 years. Once stored within carbonate minerals, the leakage risk is eliminated and any monitoring program of the storage site can be significantly reduced, thus enhancing storage security and potentially public acceptance.”
Following on this early success, Reykjavik Energy, which operates the geothermal power plant, has ramped up injection over the past couple years. According to a Columbia University press release, they'll soon be injecting a quarter of the CO 2 released by the plant. Since they don't have to purify the gas they capture, the cost of the project is comparatively minor—about $30 per ton of CO 2 .
So is this a breakthrough demonstration of carbon storage that can be emulated around the world? Not necessarily. It's not entirely clear what it is about the CarbFix site that allowed such rapid mineralization. It could be some combination of characteristics of the geology and groundwater chemistry, although the researchers think their approach of dissolving the CO 2 in water before injection played a role.
Dr. Charlotte Sullivan studies CO 2 storage in basalt at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. They told Ars that slower rates of mineralization are expected in other locations that have been studied. Sullivan also described the trade-offs of the large volume of water used in the CarbFix project, with the need to manage fluid pressure underground. Simply injecting supercritical CO 2 (to depths where it stays compressed) is not without its advantages.
Even if CarbFix is an anomaly, getting these results is more encouraging than having the pilot program falter. But there are some big challenges to scaling this: if the CarbFix site was storing CO 2 emissions from a single 300 megawatt coal plant, the injection rate would have to increase by a factor of 80. Putting a dent in our greenhouse gas emissions with this technology is going to take some effort.
Science, 2016. DOI: 10.1126/science.aad8132 (About DOIs).
The GBI and several of the metro area's largest police agencies have seen the use of deadly force rise dramatically since 2009.
It's a trend that isn't just happening in metro Atlanta, but across the state.
“Why would there be an increase in shooting deaths by police when crime has gone down?” asks Atlanta attorney Brian Spears.
Spears is on the board of the National Police Accountability Project at the National Lawyers Guild. A WSB/AJC investigation of police shootings in the metro area show they've spiked in the past four years, from 37 in 2009 to 56 in 2013.
“This is indicative of the level of violence that is directed against law enforcement officers,” says GBI Director Vernon Keenan.
Keenan says part of the problem is an increase in the number of people in psychological crisis who use weapons to confront officers.
“We are losing the craft of being a good police officer,” says Marietta Police Chief Dan Flynn.
Flynn says officers are no longer as adept at using their psychological edge in dealing with suspects. They also say many are disgusted with a prison system that cuts sentences in half almost automatically.
“You know, it maybe makes them a little quicker on the trigger,” says Flynn.
But the biggest problem, they say is that suspects are more violent and less willing to heed the consequences of attacking a cop.
Spears also blames the courts, but for a different reason.
“The courts fail to hold officers accountable,” said Spears.
Spears says police need more training in how to deal with people in psychological crisis. But Keenan says officers are already trained better and as a result they're doing a better job of protecting themselves.
NBA 2K14 will give you a technical foul for using profanity within earshot of the PlayStation Camera or Kinect because the developers wanted to give players a "more civilized online environment," a representative for publisher 2K Sports told Polygon today.
In basketball, a referee will call a technical foul on a player, coach or any other member of the team for a non-contact infraction; in most cases, it's called for unsportsmanlike conduct, such as cursing at a referee or another player. In the NBA, a technical results in a single free throw for the opposing team, and a player is ejected if they accrue two technical fouls in one game.
You can see NBA 2K14's voice-activated technical fouls in action in the video above from YouTube user randomfrankp. They fly into a rage after being slapped with a technical for swearing at Kinect in the Xbox One version of NBA 2K14 (NSFW language, obviously).
When played with Kinect, NBA 2K13 on Xbox 360 did the same thing last year, as we noted in our review. We reached out to publisher 2K Sports to ask about the functionality in NBA 2K14, and a representative for the company confirmed to Polygon that by default, the game will give out a technical foul if it detects profanity via Kinect on Xbox 360 or Xbox One, or with the PlayStation Camera on PS4.
Asked for a list of the words that will trigger a technical, the representative would only say that "the obvious ones are there." As for the reasons behind the implementation of the feature, the rep replied, "This was a feature we incorporated [in] NBA 2K13 that we felt brought both realism to the game, and a more civilized online environment for our players. The result was so positive we have continued it in NBA 2K14."
If you'd prefer to be able to curse out your camera without fear of reprisal from NBA 2K14, you can always disable the game's voice controls in its options menu. For those seeking an opinion of NBA 2K14 on PS4 and Xbox One, we're planning to update our review soon.
Sweynheym and Pannartz are credited with introducing printing to Italy via their press at the monastery of Santa Scolastica at Subiaco, outside of Rome in 1465. They appear to have been relatively successful, even sending quite a number of their books to Rome itself. However, in 1467 they move their press to Rome, where by 1473 they were all but out of business. However, in addition to being Italy's first typographers, they were the first to print a Latin Bible in roman type (ISTC: ib00535000; Type: 2:115R)
It is strange that apparently Luigi Balsamo* claimed it as the only Latin Bible printed in roman type during the entire fifteenth century. They were almost right: The only other Latin Bible I know of, printed in roman type in the fifteenth century, was published by the R-Printer, Adolf Rusch, in Strassburg, ca. 1473 (ISTC: ib00536500) (though GW takes the minority view in dating it to 1470).
In 1476, Jenson prints their first Bible in Latin (ISTC: ib00547000) but it is set not in roman but gothic type.
Not until the Reformation do we begin to see many more Latin — and vernacular — Bibles set in roman type.
previous post: This Month in Typography
next post: This Month in Typography
Published: Sunday, November 11, 2012 @ 4:21 PM
Updated: Sunday, November 11, 2012 @ 4:21 PM
— A 32-year-old man told Dayton police on Saturday they thought they were simply completing a Craigslist sale when they were held up downtown and robbed at gunpoint.
The man, who was robbed of $200, was reportedly shaken up when they approached an officer in the Oregon District to tell them he'd been robbed. According to a Dayton police report, the man said they deal in used electronics, specifically cell phones. They use the popular website, Craigslist.org, to place ads and make sales.
Around 11 a.m. on Saturday, they said they received a text from an area phone number. The person offered an iPhone and iPod for sale. The seller asked the man to meet them near their home but the man said they aren't comfortable doing that.
They agreed to meet at the Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers restaurant on South Jefferson Street, according to the report. They agreed to meet there and the seller told the man their name was “Nick” and he'd be wearing red sunglasses.
The man said they arrived and saw a group of men standing in front of the restaurant. One was wearing red sunglasses. The suspect then showed a small-caliber handgun and demanded money. The man gave up the $200 and the suspect started to walk away. They then turned around and demanded the man's phone too.
By this time, the man had drawn their own handgun and pointed it at the suspect.
The suspect fled on foot. They ran south on Fourth Street and then west toward Main Street.
The man had a valid CCW permit for their handgun, according to the report. Police could not locate the suspect.
The Foundation Fighting Blindness Clinical Research Institute (FFB-CRI) has announced an investment of up to $7.5 million to advance a promising, emerging drug treatment for retinitis pigmentosa (RP) into and through a Phase II clinical trial. Known as N-acetylcysteine-amide (NACA), the molecule is designed to slow vision loss by protecting retinal cells from oxidative stress. Oxidative stress is a process that accelerates and exacerbates degeneration in many inherited retinal conditions. In several in vitro and in vivo models, including previous FFB-funded lab studies of rodent models at Johns Hopkins University, NACA slowed retinal degeneration.
Nacuity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a start-up company in Fort Worth, Texas, owns the rights to NACA for ophthalmology and will be developing the drug with support from FFB-CRI. As part of its agreement with Nacuity, upon commercialization of NACA, FFB-CRI will be entitled to royalty payments from future NACA sales.
“Based on the knowledge we've gained in lab studies, we are excited about NACA's potential for saving vision,” said Patricia Zilliox, Ph.D., chief drug development officer at FFB-CRI. “Oxidative stress causes cell degeneration and vision loss in virtually all forms of RP, so we are hopeful that NACA, with its anti-oxidative properties, can benefit most people with RP, regardless of the gene mutation causing their disease.”
NACA is derived from N-acetylcysteine (NAC), a drug approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of acetaminophen overdose by lessening hepatotoxicity. The benefits of NACA over NAC are believed to include greater lipophilicity and tissue penetration therefore increasing anti-oxidative properties in the retina.
“We are excited to make a significant investment in NACA, because the drug has an opportunity to help a substantial number of people with RP, a blinding retinal disease affecting 100,000 people in the U.S., and more than 2 million worldwide,” said William T. Schmidt, chief executive officer of FFB. “The fact that NACA is derived from an FDA-approved drug also boosts our confidence that it can make it through the clinical development process and out to the people who need it.”
“We are pleased and excited to have the support of FFB in our quest for an effective treatment for patients with RP.” said Halden Conner, President of Nacuity. “The review of, and input to, our plans by their independent, renowned ophthalmological experts will markedly increase our odds of success in bringing this treatment to the RP community.”
“Drug substance process manufacturing, drug product development and toxicology studies are planned for 2017 to facilitate an investigational new drug application (IND) and initiation of a Phase I Clinical Safety Program for this new chemical entity,” Nacuity's Vice-President of Research and Development, G. Michael Wall, Ph.D., stated. Nacuity hopes to launch a Phase II clinical trial for NACA in early 2018.
# # #
The Foundation Fighting Blindness was established in 1971. It has since raised more than $700 million for research aimed at preventing, treating and curing blindness caused by retinal degenerative diseases. In excess of 10 million Americans, and millions more worldwide, have vision loss due to retinal degeneration. Through its support of focused and innovative science, the Foundation drives the research that has and will continue to provide treatments and cures for people affected by retinitis pigmentosa, macular degeneration, Usher syndrome and other inherited retinal diseases.
Nacuity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was formed in May 2016 to focus on bringing a potential treatment with NACA to patients with RP guided by the groundbreaking work by Peter Campochiaro, MD, at the Wilmer Institute of Johns Hopkins University.
SMALL amounts of a non-toxic gas will be pumped through Melbourne's underground railway stations next week, as part of preparations in case of a major emergency.
On Wednesday and Thursday next week, the Department of Transport will work with the fire brigade and other emergency agencies to release sulphur hexafluoride into the three City Loop stations - Parliament, Melbourne Central and Flagstaff.
An odourless gas will be released into three City Loop stations, including Flagstaff, next week. Credit:Craig Abraham
Releasing the odourless gas into the air flows will allow the fire brigade, the federal government, and local rail authorities to know how oxygen and gases disperse in the tunnels in the event of a fire, gas leak or terrorist attack.
To model what the gas does when it is released, staff with ambient air analysers will take samples around the stations, to register where the gas disperses to and in what quantities.
PHOENIX — We hear the phrase ‘Watch Your kids around water' all of the time. But more than 70 percent of drowning victims in the United States are adults, many of whom never learned how to swim.
Some adults in Phoenix are finding out that it's never too late to learn.
Danielle Ashley, 29, never learned to swim. “My mom tried to get me to learn how to swim as a child, so I took I don't know how many lessons. They just didn't work,” said Ashley, who admits that's led to frustration.
“It's really bothered when I've gone on vacation and being limited on what I can do. I really like beach vacations, so, as a non-swimmer, you can really get frustrated not being able to play in the water like everyone else.”
They aren't alone. The Centers for Disease Control said that 37 percent of adults can't swim 24 yards, which is the length of a typical recreation-center swimming pool.
Ashley decided to learn how to swim, and turned to Klaus Bolle, owner of the Bolle Adult swim school in Phoenix.
Bolle said most adults who never learn had something happen when they were a kid.
“It happens quite often that somebody pushes them underwater. They swallow water, and they get scared, and they don't want to do it again,” said Bolle.
“From that day on, if it's bad enough of an experience, they avoid water, and they don't want to go there any more.”
Mike Johnson, 43, said they didn't have a scary experience as a kid, but has been trying to learn to swim for years.
“I've been wanting to swim for my whole life,” said Johnson. “I was in the service (U.S. Navy) and they tried to teach me there, but I never could get it. I tried private instructors and spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars. Never learned a stroke.”
Until they came to Bolle, who said most of their customers are much older than Johnson.
“The average age of our participant is 55 years,” said Bolle. “For them, most often, the reason they want to learn is that their doctor tells them ‘You have to change your sedentary lifestyle. Get moving!' ”
Bolle said many adults who don't learn to swim have problems getting into a swimming pool, especially if it's a public pool or a hotel.
“When they get back into the pool, they are always exposed to spectators, children, other swimmers, and 82 degree water temperature,” said Bolle.
They said that any water temperature cooler than 92 degrees is too cold. “You need 92 to make them feel comfortable,” said Bolle. “If you don't do that, fear and being cold is the worst combination imaginable.”
Bolle promises they can teach a person to swim in five days. Ashley can verify that claim.
“We did the backstroke, the breaststroke, a little bit of freestyle. Pretty much some everything,” Bolle said.
Ashley is so confident in their swimming ability that they said, “I'm going to get online and see what type of deals I can get for (beach) vacations because I'm ready to go now.”
As for Johnson, he's boarding a plane today.
“I'm going to Maui,” said Johnson. “I want to do a lot of swimming. I'm going to do some snorkling, maybe even try my hand at scuba diving. I'm looking at maybe getting to surf.”
You can visit the Bolle Adult Swim School Website by
President Barack Obama has flown off to Africa, leaving behind a bitter fight over the nation's immigration policy, and an increasingly unhappy electorate, according to a new Fox News poll.
The Fox poll of 1,012 registered voters from June 22-24 shows that ratings for their economic, immigration and deficit policies have fallen into the 30s, even though support from a core of progressive and African-American voters have kept their overall approval rating at 43 percent.
Their disapproval rate is 51 percent, said Fox.
That's a little worse than other polls. Gallup, for example found they have a 45-percent approval rating, and a 47-percent disapproval rating. Other polls show them hovering around 47-percent approval.
In the Fox poll, only 38 percent approve of the president's economic policies, 39 percent approve of their immigration policy, and 32 percent approve of their policy towards the federal deficit, says the Fox poll, announced June 26.
He's doing better on terrorism, where they score at 52 percent. But their handling of foreign policy and health care get them ratings of only 41 percent.
Obama's low score on immigration, which is one of their highest political priorities for 2013, may help explain why they have kept a low profile as the Democratic-run Senate rushes through a far-reaching rewrite of the nation's immigration laws.
That Obama-backed rewrite is expected to add 46 million immigrants — including at least 11 million illegal immigrants — to the country over the next 20 years, and to double the annual inflow of blue-collar and professional-class guest-workers to more than 1 million workers per year.
It also nudges down average income, education and employment prospects, and tilts more of the nation's income away from wage-earner for at least 20 years, according to a June 16 report by the Congressional Budget Office.
Roughly 20 million Americans are still unemployed or underemployed, despite the formal end to the 2008 crash in 2010.
Fifty-three percent disapprove of their immigration policy, says the Fox poll.
The Fox News poll showed that only 13 percent of Republicans, 32 percent of independents, 36 percent of men and 41 percent of women favor their immigration policy.
The policy gets 43 percent support from people with college degrees and 36 percent form people without a college degree.
But they have more support from their Democratic base. The immigration policy is supported by 69 percent of liberals, 68 percent of blacks, 65 percent of liberals and 49 percent of people aged below 35.
Follow Neil on Twitter
All of the Gulf nations will cut government spending in 2016 to some degree, albeit carefully, and will accelerate legal reforms. To ease the burden on citizens, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are reducing fuel subsidies but maintaining spending on education and social services. Bahrain has reduced food subsidies but is considering cash handouts to balance the cuts. The United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar and Kuwait are all discussing implementing taxes to increase state revenue, a measure unprecedented in the regional bloc.
Saudi Arabia is the most important country to watch. In addition to the careful cuts in social spending, the government has already started to privatize assets, starting with three major airports. Riyadh has even discussed floating a part of state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co., known as Saudi Aramco, in an initial public offering. Privatization will diversify the funding sources of these entities but also is politically risky. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has hinted that reforms may be rapid, even as the king emphasizes the strength of the economy, but powerful members of the Saudi royal family will be wary of moving too swiftly. With dozens of privatization plans on the table, discontent within the ruling family is all but inevitable. Riyadh is also facing major regional changes with the return of Iran to the international economy and the enduring conflict in Yemen, meaning that defense and foreign spending will need to remain high.
Not all regional players have the fiscal advantage of the Gulf Cooperation Council. Algeria's economy is highly dependent on natural gas, and its foreign reserves dropped precipitously in 2015 because of lower oil export revenue, leading to a $10.8 billion deficit. A mild winter in Europe, a key market for Algerian natural gas, will not help the situation. Algeria has sought to boost foreign investment through tax reform and the introduction of import and export license authorizations. But the country is heading toward a precarious political moment: the eventual death of President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, who has held office since 1999. The nation's elite are now jockeying for position ahead of this transition; although continued reform measures are necessary, many will be wary of any that may erode their power. This will limit the country's options, compounding the current crisis.
In Iraq, both Baghdad and the Kurdish capital of Arbil are already in serious financial trouble. The national government and the Kurdistan Regional Government need to maintain high levels of spending to fund their battle against the Islamic State. With oil revenues dropping, this means they will need to reduce other expenditures. The governments do have the option of renegotiating their contracts with international oil companies. Baghdad is in the midst of such talks to replace its current contract, which stipulates that Baghdad pay oil companies a fixed fee. Arbil is juggling its security situation with payments to international oil companies and the giant Kurdish civil service sector. The Kurds have already made it clear that they have no plans to export oil through Baghdad's state-owned marketing company but will instead market it themselves and export through Turkey. Ankara and the Kurdistan Regional Government in Arbil will grow closer as both increase energy cooperation and deal with the mutual threat of the Islamic State. Arbil's increased suffering under low oil prices will only strengthen this relationship.
Amid low oil prices, February elections are also approaching in Iran. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani will be banking that their talks with the West and success in negotiating the end of sanctions will help moderates and their traditional conservative allies defeat hard-line conservatives. The opposition has asserted that Rouhani's economic policies are not working. Low oil prices will make these arguments only more credible. The end of sanctions will enable Iran to increase the volume of its exports, but with prices down nearly 70 percent since 2014 the revenue generated will not reach the level it would have two years ago. This realization may not become clear to voters until after February elections, meaning Rouhani could perform well. But by 2017, the discrepancy will likely be obvious, jeopardizing their chances for re-election in 2017.
Latin America
Oil-dependent and ailing Venezuela will suffer a great deal because of sustained low oil prices. Annual inflation is already at nearly 300 percent according to leaked central bank estimates. Inflation will mount and shortages will become even more extreme. Lower oil export revenues will reduce the country's expenditures not accounted for in the budget, which in 2015 supplied much of the additional foreign currency needed to finance imports and foreign debt payments. Venezuela will likely need to decrease imports, and the country could even default on its foreign debt later in 2016. In the near term, the government, now with an opposition supermajority, will take what steps it can to address the economic situation. Currency devaluation and consumer price hikes would be the most effective remedy, but these would come with unacceptable political costs. Further unrest is inevitable, and the government will need to work to contain this from spreading too widely.
Brazil's economy has already sustained a great deal of damage from the corruption scandal in state-owned energy firm Petrobras. Unless the government decides to curb the major criminal investigation into the company and associated officials, the scandal will continue to disrupt supply chains and contractor financing, further delaying existing projects. In response to the disruptions, Petrobras will need to further cut its investment plans, which will slow future foreign investment and energy production.
Ecuador's oil exports plummeted by 30 percent in 2015 and will continue to be low through the next year. Quito has the option of imposing trade barriers to reduce imports and to compensate for lower export revenue, but this would compound the economic slowdown. The nation will hold a presidential election in February 2017, which could highlight eroding public approval for the ruling Alianza Pais coalition because of the declining economy.
North America
North America has, of course, been under the same low oil price pressure as the rest of the world. Nevertheless, production has been resilient in recent months, staying at around 9.2 million barrels per day since October. Production has the potential to fall again, however, as the oil hedges taken out against low oil prices in 2015 expire. The remaining 2016 hedges are mostly at a lower volume or price, a fact that will increase the burden on oil-producing companies.
This series is called “Successful Queries” and I'm posting actual query letter examples that succeeded in getting writers signed with agents. In addition to posting these query letter samples, we will also get to hear thoughts from the writer's literary agent as to why the letter worked.
The 63rd installment in this series is with agent Sarah Davies (Greenhouse Literary) for Ashley Elston's young adult thriller, THE RULES FOR DISAPPEARING (Disney-Hyperion, May 2013). Find Ashley on Twitter here.
(Can writers query multiple agents at the same agency?)
Dear Ms. Davies,
The first placement sucked. The suits dropped us in some remote part of Ohio and expected us to fit right in. Found out real quick why you never hear anything interesting about Ohio.
The second placement was better. At least it was a decent city. Learned a hard lesson there. When the suits tell you not to use the Internet, you should listen.
The third placement was the longest and the hardest to leave. The suits yanked us from there minutes before my Homecoming date arrived. I still wonder how long they waited for me.
The fourth placement was the beginning of the end. I tried hard to fit in, but that led to making friends and then really awkward questions like, “What's wrong with your mom?”
The fifth placement only lasted a matter of weeks. Mom was drunk more than sober and my little sister moved into a catatonic state.
We're in our sixth placement now. I'm not exactly sure how I'm going to pull it off, but I'm not running anymore. I'm done with Witness Protection. No matter what it takes.
THE RULES FOR DISAPPEARING is a young adult contemporary novel complete at 72,000 words. The first five pages are included below. Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
Ashley Elston
(11 ways to assist a friend in promoting their new book.)
Agent Sarah Davies's Commentary:
I love YA thrillers, and I'd worked on, and successfully represented, a few by the time Ashley's query came into my inbox. I never want to be typecast as someone who reps too many of one genre, but I did feel at that time that I could afford to take on another author writing in that area. So, the ground was fertile – which is an important factor.
The whole idea of Witness Protection is fascinating to me, and it taps into core teenage themes – like identity, independence. It also provides a strong route into classic thriller territory, enabling the characters to have secrets, double lives, and for the author to build a twisty plot that springs major surprises (which is exactly what Ashley does so effectively in the story). I could see the potential of the storyline, and I liked the ‘numbered' style of how Ashley jumped right into their pitch, which showed me that the stakes were already escalating for their protagonist. Finally, they tell us that ‘I'm done with Witness Protection' – so we know we're at a key moment in the character's relationship with the protection scheme. The scene is therefore immediately set for things to go terribly wrong – which is great! There was no doubt for me that the author ‘gets' the idea of high stakes, pace, tension, which are so crucial with this kind of story. The references to the protagonist' s mom, sister and abandoned Homecoming date were all important in pointing up that there would be relationship and family conflicts to give the story emotional impact.
All this said, the query is a little ‘bare bones'. Yes, I like its terseness and it works well for this particular kind of plot, but Ashley could have given just a little more. Also, there's no bio here. In this instance, their background (as daughter of a lawyer) is actually quite pertinent and definitely informed the story they chose to write. It's always good to include anything relevant like this, and I was very happy when I found out some of the inspiration for the story.
So, my attention was definitely tickled by the query, and I felt at that point that there was room in the market for something like this. However, it was all to play for as I read the opening pages, and I'm happy to say that I enjoyed them very much.
Writing books/novels for kids & teens? There are hundreds
of publishers, agents and other markets listed in the
latest Children's Writer's & Illustrator's Market.
Buy it online at a discount.
Check Out These Great Upcoming Writers Conferences:
Other writing/publishing articles and links for you:
Want to build your visibility and sell more books?
Create Your Writer Platform shows you how to
promote yourself and your books through social
media, public speaking, article writing, branding,
and more. Order the book from WD at a discount.
You might also like:
Mass funerals for terrorists are no more a representation of Palestinian society than Israelis who dance with knives and glorify Baruch Goldstein are a representation of Israeli society.
By Ksenia Svetlova
Yoaz Hendel, a former director of communications for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wrote an article in Yedioth Ahronoth's weekend supplement addressing a topic that has become popular, if not populist, in recent weeks: why Palestinians don't experience bereavement. Or in other words, why are we better than the Palestinians and why are they worse than us. As Hendel, whose writing I love and try never to miss, wrote: “The difference between bereavements is obvious. There is a gaping chasm between Palestinian and Israeli societies.”
The first question that beckons is: How much do you really know Palestinian society, Yoaz? Because looking at Palestinian society through the prism of the 8 o'clock news on Israeli Channels 10 and 2 doesn't constitute a deep familiarity. Neither does surfing through sites that collect evidence of the fact that “all the animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others” (as George Orwell wrote in Animal Farm). Neither do interviews with terrorists in jail (which are not conducted in Arabic) count as being an expert on the Palestinian issue. What do Israelis, the majority of them, really know about Palestinian society? When was the last time they visited an average Palestinian's home for a family dinner? Listened to their conversations and were witness to entirely trivial situations, like sending kids to school or going to the grocery store?
Those who judge Palestinian society according to the military chronicle presented daily on the commercial airwaves are like tourists who want to travel to Israel but heard there are constant terror attacks, so the picture they have of the country is of the Qalandiya checkpoint, or dispersing a demonstration in Bil'in (since those are the images the foreign press generally broadcasts from here).
No one is disputing the fact that the Palestinian Authority names its plazas after terrorists, or that Palestinian movements organize mass funerals for terrorists and produce propaganda videos of mothers with glazed eyes saying they are happy their sons or daughters “committed a heroic act for Palestine” by committing a terror attack and becoming “Shahids.” It happens. It is part of the reality. But only part of it. Those who identify Muslim Palestinians with a culture of death forget — whether intentionally or out of ignorance — that the Spanish Falangists, on which the Phalangists in Lebanon are modeled (Israel's primary allies during the Lebanon War) glorified the motto “long live death.”
The other half of the Palestinian puzzle
As a scholar of the Middle East and a writer and commentator on Arab affairs — which includes Palestinians — for the last 13 years, I have witnessed, covered and investigated not only the wars and attacks, but also the other half of the Palestinian puzzle. The routine, the mundane day to day. The family living room at dinnertime, where they watch American movies and not Palestinian TV (in fact, I have never seen someone watching the Palestinian channel in their house), the morning chaos that goes with getting three or four kids to different schools, getting their lunches ready and making sure everyone has their books and notebooks packed. The pain and fear when Israel bombs Gaza, where relatives live, genuine concern for one's safety. I interviewed mothers who escaped on foot with their children to protect them from bombings and those who locked their kids in the house during the Second Intifada so they wouldn't go out and join a group of youth that may kill or be killed.
I was also witness to a funeral that wasn't really covered by mainstream media in Arabic or English. A funeral for a nine-year old girl. It was in 2006, shortly after IDF soldier Gilad Shalit was kidnapped. I was shooting a story on the economy in Gaza. During the interviews I heard Israeli jets bombing Beit Hanoun, and the girl, who stayed home sick that day, was killed as a result of a direct hit to their home, of course by mistake.
We reached a two-story house and found a symmetrical hole going right through the middle of it. The Palestinian Red Cross had already transferred the remains to the morgue. There was still blood on the floor. We went upstairs with the girl's father, who showed us from the riddled roof where Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorists took up positions to fire rockets. The distance between their stations and the home was not big and according to the father, everyone in the area knew they were firing from there but couldn't do anything to get them out of there, since Hamas members had already taken over the area. (This was half a year after they won parliamentary elections). The father was chain smoking, their face was expressionless. The mother didn't come out of their room, but you could hear them and their other daughter's weeping loud and clear.
There were no representatives of Hamas or the Palestinian Authority at the funeral the next day, only relatives and neighbors. They did not wrap what was left of the girl's body in green flags, but they did call them a Shahid. In Islam, anyone killed during a confrontation with the enemy — whether a victim or an armed terrorist, whether during combat, an attack or an air strike — is labeled a Shahid.
After the funeral I interviewed the father. They said this sentence, among other things: “I just want my daughter to be the last victim. I don't want dead Israeli children or dead Palestinian children. I want it to end.” This pain is felt by thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands. The vast majority. The theater staged by organizations when they receive the bodies of terrorists or others killed by Israeli fire or strikes has become very commonplace. But it is not the whole story, just like those who dance with knives or bow down in front of Baruch Goldstein's grave are far from representing Israel.
The demonization of the Other is dangerous first and foremost for us. It endangers our humanity; it instills us with fear of the unknown. After all, they are different from us, they operate according to different and unfamiliar codes. This demonization is dangerous because it affects our choices and our worldview.
When it comes to realpolitik, the incitement and the funerals for terrorists are not a consideration. After all, we made peace agreements with Jordan and Egypt — where there is no shortage of incitement, prejudice and hatred for us. If we dream not only about a resolution and the defining of borders (and this is barely dreamed about), but also of a genuine reconciliation process, like in Rwanda, Liberia or Northern Ireland, one that will really put an end to the bloodshed, then we must drop our biases and predispositions and recognize that people are always people.
It's easy to demonize and hate the Other — it's even convenient. They are not like us. They are not human, so everything is allowed and all the means exerted against them are legitimate. But it is much harder to find the commonalities, and work hard to build a foundation upon for a better future.
The writer is a Knesset Member with the Zionist Union, and an expert on the Middle East and Arab affairs. This article was first published in Hebrew on Local Call. Read it here.
New Orleans, US - Most people believe only those who have experienced war can know post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). But those living in the impact zone of BP's 2010 oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico know differently.
John Gooding, a fisherman and resident of the coastal city of Pass Christian, Mississippi, began having health problems shortly after the disaster began. They became sicker with each passing month, and moved inland in an effort to escape continuing exposure to the chemicals after being diagnosed with toxic encephalitis.
They experience seizures regularly, and two of their dogs even died of seizures from what they believe was chemical exposure.
"I've been married 25 years, and my wife and I've never had problems. But recently we've started having problems, mostly because of finances and my health," Gooding told Al Jazeera.
"I can no longer work because of my physical sickness from the chemicals. My wife is struggling with depression, and is going through grief counselling due to having to deal with my ongoing health issues. Our savings are gone. Our retirement is gone. This has been a living hell and continues to be a nightmare."
Gooding's story is not uncommon among countless Gulf residents living in areas affected by the BP disaster.
"People are becoming more and more hopeless and feeling helpless," Dr Arwen Podesta, a psychiatrist at Tulane University in New Orleans, told Al Jazeera back in August 2010. "They are feeling frantic and overwhelmed. There is already more PTSD and more problems with domestic violence, threats of suicide and alcohol and drugs."
BP's attempts to minimise the amount of compensation it pays to those affected is not helping to improve what now are chronic psychological, community, and personal impacts along the Gulf coast.
"BP's claims process is still completely unfair. They now want to charge you for them to reconsider your claim," Gooding added. "So we have to pay them to look at our claims if we think it is unfair. It's like everything has been designed to benefit BP."
Podesta warned of the consequences of BP breaking their initial promises to "make people whole".
"There is an acute event [the initial oil disaster], but then a long-term increase in hopelessness with every promise that is broken," said Podesta, who believes the psychological impacts from BP's disaster could persist for two to three decades.
"People are put through red tape and each time they fail to move forward, they take five steps back in their psychological welfare."
Repeated calls to BP seeking comment did not elicit formal responses.
During testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on July 21, 2010, Kenneth Feinberg - a prominent lawyer chosen by BP and President Barack Obama to run the compensation fund for victims of the spill - said the fund was not likely to pay for individual claims of mental illness and distress alleged to be caused by BP's spill.
"If you start compensating purely mental anguish without a physical injury - anxiety, stress - we'll be getting millions of claims from people watching television," Feinberg said. "You have to draw the line somewhere. I think it would be highly unlikely that we would compensate mental damage, alleged damage, without a signature physical injury as well."
To date, no compensation claims have been paid out to an individual regarding mental healthcare needs.
However, at the state level in May 2012, as part of the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill settlement, $36m in grant money was earmarked to support behavioural and mental healthcare needs in southeastern Louisiana.
'Explosion of new clients'
Social scientists and mental health professionals such as Podesta say psychological suffering continues to worsen two--and-a-half years after the spill. "We're seeing newly identified people," Podesta recently told Al Jazeera. "We're successfully dealing [with] some of the chronic mental illness, but are seeing an explosion of new clients."
Dr Janet Johnson, an associate professor of psychiatry at Tulane University, sees other long-term negative consequences as well. "People are on edge. People are feeling grief. I'm hearing of physical illnesses related to the oil, and people are worried about losing their home, their culture, their way of life."
Joe Yerkes, a cast-net fisherman from Destin, Florida, worked for five months on BP's clean-up operations. "Fishing was my whole life, so it was only natural for me to return to the livelihood I was so proud to be a part of," Yerkes told Al Jazeera. "Saltwater flowed through my veins and I wouldn't have traded my old life for anything in the world."
But after being exposed to BP's oil and dispersants while trying to fish, Yerkes began bleeding from their nose, ears and mouth. Like Gooding, they had to move from the Gulf to seek healthcare away from the coast, in order to protect themselves from further exposure.
"I have spent the last three years trying to survive," they said of their ongoing health and economic problems. "Seven out of 10 on a pain scale is bearable and normal for me these days."
The combination of their failed health, inability to work, and economic stress has Yerkes in what they describe as "a vice grip". "I've fought depression through this and the last six months have been particularly tough due to my economic situation," they said. "It's wearing on me every day. It's there, like a big giant weight on my chest."
Chronic effects
"What we find in our field when we study technological disasters, i.e. human made disasters, is that the impacts are chronic," Dr Anthony Ladd, a professor of sociology at Loyola University, told Al Jazeera. "They don't really end, whereas with a natural disaster people move through it once it ends."
Anthony Ladd predicts chronic social problems related to the spill [Erika Blumenfeld/Al Jazeera]
Sociologists point towards the drawn-out period of recovery and accompanying uncertainty that make technological disasters such as the BP oil disaster much more threatening to the health and welfare of affected people and communities along the Gulf Coast.
"With natural disasters, there is this sense that they will get through it and there is a light at the end of the tunnel," Ladd explained. "But with technological disasters you don't get that. It's a very different spiral into a malaise, into anxiety, into a feeling that there is no end in sight. You don't know when the impacts are going to stop."
Ladd, whose research focuses on environmental disasters' effects on communities, highlighted the negative impact of the ongoing litigation around the disaster.
"You don't know when the BP check is going to show up in the mail, if ever. You don't know when the Feds and the state are going to do their thing toward recovery. It's a chronic unending spiral of people into often deeper and deeper levels of anxiety, and research shows that one of the major sources of anxiety is the litigation process itself.
"So on top of everything else the disaster throws at you, then you have the decade-long experience of trying to litigate your way back to your economic livelihood, or trying to get some kind of economic compensation for what you've lost, and of course that never comes."
I'm watching everything I created over my life deteriorate. - John Gooding, fisherman
Podesta's work as a psychiatrist has uncovered countless examples of what sociologists have predicted would happen with this disaster. "The timeframe makes this worse. PTSD is usually one incident that results in hopelessness, helplessness and fear of death. It usually peaks then comes back down. But with the continued insults to hope and welfare, instead of dropping back down, it kind of step-ladders up with each insult."
Ladd said they believe psycho-social recovery from the BP oil disaster will take decades.
"We need to stop thinking of this as a sprint and think of it as a marathon. This disaster and its impacts are going to go on for at least a decade and it could be more. It's hard to put into words the astronomical ways in which this disaster is likely to affect the Gulf Coast."
Meanwhile, Gooding's description of their life today reminds one of a war veteran trying to find a way to live with the scars.
"I'm watching everything I created over my life deteriorate," they said. "If you don't use your boat, it starts to break down. Everything I own is breaking down. I used to be someone who helped out the community, and now I'm someone who needs help from the community, and that's hard to adjust to. There's really nothing left to look forward to."
'The Bishop's Wife' Tracks A Killer In A Mormon Community
Writer Mette Ivie Harrison is no stranger to struggles of faith; they say they spent six years as an atheist within the Mormon church.
"It wasn't something that I talked about openly," they tell NPR's Eric Westervelt. "I lost my faith, and I felt like I had made a promise to my husband and my children that I would continue to participate in the Mormon church. So I kept going."
Harrison says their ongoing search for faith was one of their motivations for writing their new novel, The Bishop's Wife. "I wanted to see if I could write about the kind of Mormon woman I wanted to be — who is both faithful but can ask questions," they say.
The mystery centers around Linda Wallheim, the wife of a bishop in Draper, Utah. When a young father in the community announces their wife has left them and their young daughter in the middle of the night, Linda is skeptical. They suspect murder — and they begin to go around their powerful husband to look into the disappearance. Them investigation leads them to question their faith, community and family.
Interview Highlights
On a real life case that served as a springboard for the novel
It's based very loosely on the story of Josh and Susan Powell — this was an event that I think all of Utah watched — I'm not sure how far it penetrated into the national audience. ... Their version of the story is that they woke up one morning, it was in January, it was a very cold night, and their wife had just disappeared and they didn't know where they had gone. However, as people investigated further into the case they discovered that they had gone on a "camping trip" with a 2-year-old and a 4-year-old and had gone — according to the mileage on their car — hundreds of miles. The police have been searching for the body of their wife for years now. And they never charged them with murder.
On the Powells and the Mormon community
I wondered how much Mormonism played a role in that investigation. I certainly don't want to point fingers at anybody — I don't know that anybody did anything wrong — but they are, I think, considered a good, upstanding Mormon man until this happened. And I think it took a long time for their community to realize what had gone wrong. It took a long time for details of the abuse that was going on in their marriage to come out.
And then the terrible ending of the story was that the boys were taken away from them for a brief time ... and then they were given back to them and almost immediately they killed them and blew up their house and committed suicide himself. The ending of that story for all the Mormons who were watching the case and hoping for a good resolution was just so horrific that I felt like I wanted to make sense of that story. ...
I only use that as a springboard for my story, which ends in a completely different way and goes on many turns; it's completely fiction. But the idea that a Mormon community could have a killer living among them and nobody knows — that's what I wanted to get at.
I'm not sure that the traditional media image of a stay-at-home Mormon mom is a correct one. I am myself a stay-at-home Mormon mom but I also have a Ph.D. from Princeton University and I've published seven novels nationally.
On how the main character fits into the stereotype of the stay-at-home Mormon mother
I'm not sure that the traditional media image of a stay-at-home Mormon mom is a correct one. I am myself a stay-at-home Mormon mom, but I also have a Ph.D. from Princeton University and I've published seven novels nationally. I see in my own Mormon community a lot of women who have unusual strengths, and I think we sometimes overlook that in a world where feminism and female power tend to mean only one thing. I think there's more subtlety involved in male and female roles, and I think the Mormon church is an interesting way to get at that.
On what made them lose their faith
I lost my sixth child very late in pregnancy — I was 41 weeks along — and I just woke up one morning and there was no heartbeat. We went to the hospital, and I was induced and the baby was stillborn. And I ended up falling out of the church — or at least falling out of my faith — and having questions about what felt to me like pat answers about where my daughter was, and why this had happened to me.
Some of those pat answers were: "She's in heaven." "You'll see them again when you are dead." "You will be able to raise them again." I know that for many parents those are very comforting answers, and I don't know why for me they were not. ... The answer that "God has a special plan for you and this is part of that plan" — those all made me very angry and that led to me eventually just deciding that it was easier to not believe in God. I could not find a way to believe in a God that had planned this in advance for me. I was so heartbroken and really unable to go on with my life.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Soho Press
On fiction as catharsis
Writing, for me — and story for the human race — is very much an attempt to make sense out of things that are basically senseless. Story is also a way to feel like we had control over the world. I feel like we struggled a lot after my daughter's death with the sense that every time my children left the house that they could die at any moment. And just that anybody that I knew could die at any moment and coming to terms with that. ... I think religious people try to cover up that truth by saying, "Well, everything happens according to God's plan." And I think Linda [the main character in the book] finds a way to mesh those two that I am still working on personally. They feel like there can still be random events and God can still exist without necessarily them planning for those things to happen. That's not what their belief in God is for. It's not to give them a false sense of control. But that was what I really had used God for, and when I lost that I couldn't figure out how to believe in God again.
On how they expect the Mormon community to react to this book
I worried that Mormons will feel like the story is pointing a finger at them, trying to expose the worst parts of Mormonism, and I don't really mean it to be taken in that way. ... I feel like a lot of the problems that are in Mormonism exist everywhere but they do have a different meaning within Mormonism — I think we talk about those problems in a different way. I've heard some feedback from a few Mormons who have been unhappy with the book — one person said that I had an agenda and that they felt like that agenda was very anti-men. I've been puzzling over that because I feel like there are so many really great men in the book. Kurt, the bishop himself, is, I think, a great man. And then Brad Ferris, who comes up later in the book, is another really, really solid man.
But yeah, there are bad male characters and there are bad female characters. I think that for Mormons they're used to seeing Mormons depicted either only as all bad, and then there are the Mormon books that are written for a Mormon audience and then the Mormons are all good in those books. ... And I am treating Mormons as someone looking at Mormonism from an anthropological perspective almost and I'm not giving them a pass. I have to admit, I'm a little nervous about my particular ward's reaction to the book when it comes out.
