The choke holds. (Picture YouTube/Alt Right Pepe General Franco.)
A follower of the racist so-called ‘alt-right' shouted ‘But what about the memes?' as they were kicked out of a far-right rally.
Footage has emerged of a man, armed with hand-drawn renderings of Pepe the Frog, being unceremoniously kicked out of a nationalist rally in Texas.
Babysitter finally admits to suffocating their son and two other infants in 1980
They were holding signs saying ‘RED SCUM YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED' when participants in the rally started telling them that they need to leave.
‘But what about the memes?' they plead with the group, pointing to the memes they had painstakingly painted onto sheets of card.
A woman in military camo then tells them to ‘get the fuck out', and they dejectedly reply: ‘But these are good memes.'
And when another man shouts at them ‘Dude, this is not Comic Con!', they reply, clearly disheartened: ‘I know. I just came to make friends.'
Things quickly escalated, with one rally participant grabbing the alt-right guy from behind and putting them in a stronghold.
The man eventually conceded defeat, and ended up having to find sanctuary with the police.
Girl, 6, begged babysitter to ask their pedophile husband to stop kissing them
The right-wing rally was in Houston, and saw hundreds of individuals – most of whom were armed – descend on a park in the city.
They were reportedly protesting what they claimed were efforts to remove a statue of historic Texas figure Sam Houston because they owned slaves.
In cities across America, statues of Confederate heroes are being removed due to historic racist undertones.
Sam Houston, who was the Republic of Texas' first president, owned slaves but they also refused to take an oath of allegiance to the Confederacy.
A NASA study found that an amount of freshwater almost the size of the Dead Sea has been lost in parts of the Middle East due to poor management, increased demands for groundwater and the effects of a 2007 drought.
The study, to be published Friday in Water Resources Research, a journal of the American Geophysical Union, examined data over seven years from 2003 from a pair of gravity-measuring satellites. Researchers found freshwater reserves in parts of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran along the Tigris and Euphrates river basins had lost 117 million acre feet (144 cubic kilometers) of its total stored freshwater.
About 60 percent of the loss resulted from pumping underground reservoirs for ground water and another fifth due to impacts of the drought including declining snow packs.
(1) Series production models of the Tesla Model S have to be delivered to paying customers before the end of 2012. (It was originally 2011, but Neil concedes that Tesla said it wouldn't make that date fairly early, and has since stuck to its 2012 date.)
(2) The Model S has to have seven passenger seats, certified as such by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and earn a 4- or 5-star safety rating from the NHTSA.
(3) It has to have a battery pack that allows en-route swapping at a highway roadside station, similar to the Better Place battery swapping scheme.
(4) Model S prices must remain at the levels Tesla and Musk announced: $57,400 for the version with 160 miles of range, $67,400 for the 230-mile version, and $77,400 (was $87,400, corrected) for the top-of-the-line 300-mile version (which will comprise the bulk of early production). All prices are before any Federal or other incentives.
If Tesla misses any one of those targets, Neil says, they win the bet and Musk must donate $1 million to Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders).
But if Tesla does what it said it will, Neil loses, and--being a journalist, not a multimillionaire entrepreneur--he will donate $1,000 to the same group.
KOLKATA: BJP prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi on Wednesday blamed the Gandhi family for twice denying the opportunity to Pranab Mukherjee to be the country's Prime Minister."When Indira Gandhi was assassinated, Rajiv Gandhi was in Kolkata and they went back. Under a democracy, that time the seniormost minister in Indira Gandhi's government was Pranab Mukherjee. It would have been good had they been sworn in as the country's Prime Minister," Modi told a party rally at Brigade Parade grounds here."They didn't give it. Not only that, the family (Gandhi) felt that something is going on. So when the Rajiv Gandhi government was formed, seniormost minister Pranabda was not even taken as a minister," they said."Again in 2004, Pranabda was the seniormost politician. It was very natural that had madam Sonia Gandhi not wanted to become (the PM), then the opportunity should have been given to Pranabda, but Manmohan Singhji was made (the PM). Pranabda was not given the opportunity," Modi said.He urged the people of Bengal not to forget this."People of Bengal should not forget this. I request you," the Gujarat chief minister said.Modi also attacked the formation of a Third Front. "Let the third front see which way the wind is blowing. BJP will form the government after coming Lok Sabha elections," they said."The idea behind Third Front is to make India a third-rate country. Eastern states have remained backward due to Third Front parties," they added."Time has come to bid farewell to Third Front forever," the BJP's prime ministerial candidate said.The Gujarat chief minister was accompanied by party national president Rajnath Singh. Their rally today kickstarted BJP's Lok Sabha poll campaign in the state.Massive security arrangements were undertaken for the event.
Like so much else that touches on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a just-released three-year-long study of how textbooks on both sides portray the "other" has provoked a firestorm of controversy. The fruit of a seed first planted in 2008 by a post-Annapolis Conference committee of Israelis and Palestinians dedicated to promoting education on tolerance, building a culture of peace, and preventing incitement, the study has this week succeeded in generating more heat than light, at least as far as the Israeli government is concerned. But a closer look suggests there is much to be learned - both from the study and from the responses to it.
Entitled "Victims of Our Own Narratives?" and issued on 4 February, the report was commissioned by the Council of Religious Institutions in the Holy Land, a consortium of Islamic, Christian and Jewish religious leaders based in Jerusalem. The US State Department funded the project with a $590,000 grant, supporting a Hebrew-Arabic bilingual research team led by Israeli Professor Daniel Bar-Tal (Tel Aviv University) and Palestinian Associate Prof. Sami Adwan (Bethlehem University).
Yale University Professor Bruce Wexler, a Jewish American who designed the format and managed the research, claims the study - which examined 74 textbooks from the Israeli secular and religious school systems, and 94 developed by the Palestinian Authority's Ministry of Education and used in the West Bank and Gaza - is one of the most comprehensive, fact-based investigations ever done of school textbooks. The summary findings are eye-opening:
1. Dehumanising and demonising characterisations of the other are rare in both Israeli and Palestinian books.
2. Both Israeli and Palestinian books present national narratives that portray the other as an enemy and in a generally negative light. Historical events, while not fabricated, are selectively presented to reinforce each national narrative.
3. The absence of information about the culture, religion, and everyday activities of the other - including the failure to recognise the other on maps of the region - serves to delegitimise the presence of the other.
4. Negative bias in the presentation of the other is significantly more pronounced in Israeli ultra-Orthodox and Palestinian textbooks than Israeli state school books.
The Israeli narrative emphasises the threats and attacks against Israel by the Palestinians and Arab states, and violence against Jews over the years. The Palestinian narrative, meanwhile, emphasises their displacement from centuries-old villages by immigrant Jews, as well as the loss of freedom, land and control over essential resources during the 45-year occupation. Both narratives present the other as an enemy aiming to destroy or dominate them.
The Israeli government has opposed the study from the beginning, while the Palestinian Authority has embraced it. The US State Department hopes the report will be used constructively, to pursue the sponsor's "mission of advocating for peace and religious tolerance."
Professor Nathan Brown of George Washington University, a member of the study's advisory panel who has extensively studied Palestinian textbooks, supports the project's findings, but doubts its value because they think that in the midst of bitter conflicts, battling factions are unlikely to revise their depictions of "the enemy." Hence, what's the point?
Wexler and their team, who recommend that the Israeli and Palestinian education ministries carefully review the content of their textbooks, couldn't disagree more. "Education makes a difference in shaping expectations, it influences the way [people] view the world," they told The Guardian newspaper.
All this begs a chicken/egg question: is it education that acknowledges and respects the other's narrative, or a just and lasting political solution, that will lead Israelis and Palestinians to a respectful, dignified, and peaceful coexistence? Their leaders surely know it can't happen without both. But this study reminds us that civil society demands, at a minimum, recognition of the other's history and experience.
Its findings that neither side demonises the other offer real encouragement. But both sides can and must do better. Maps that acknowledge the other's presence, reflecting a two-sided reality, are among the steps that need to be taken. Likewise, greater exposure to one another's culture and daily life can change perceptions of the other.
This study suggests that programs of education designed for mutual understanding can help enable people engaged in conflict to release the tight grip with which they hold the exclusive righteousness of their own narratives.
Israeli and Palestinian leaders should take that lesson to heart, and translate it, full-heartedly, into action. When they do, we'll have a story worthy of the history books.
In a recent article, Obsidian Entertainment unveiled the first upcoming tier 9 Main Battle Tank – the Russian T-90MS . Other classes (such as Tank Destroyers and AFVs) will have their own tier 9 and 10 vehicles as well and today we want to introduce two more – one entirely new model and one rebalanced tank returning to the game.
B1 DRACO
The OTO Melara B1 DRACO is the fourth version of the B1 Centauro in Armored Warfare (including the 155mm variant, which is currently not available). It is an anti-aircraft vehicle armed with a 76mm L/62 rapid fire cannon installed in a new, enlarged DRACO turret that can be mounted on various platforms including tracked vehicles, fixed installations or – in this case – wheeled chassis such as the B1.
More often than not the OTO Melara 76mm L/62 gun can also be found on various ships (usually frigates, corvettes and missile boats) with multiple countries (including India, Israel and Taiwan) using this Italian weapon system. The B1-mounted DRACO is currently offered for export by OTO Melara, but attempts to sell this type of vehicle type have not yet met with success.
The 76mm gun is automatically loaded by a drum-type automatic loading mechanism with 12 rounds that can itself be quickly reloaded by 12 shell drums stored in the back of the vehicle. The loading mechanism is capable of 80 rounds per minute bursts. In Armored Warfare, this mechanism will be represented by a 12 round rapid-fire automatic loader (much like the automatic cannons have) with longer reload times between clips. The gun is guided by an advanced radar and gunnery system, capable of precise aiming even at very long distances and of controlling the 76mm DART guided ammunition radio-controlled ammunition, which can adjust its trajectory in order to maximize accuracy. Players will also be able to use the 76mm STRALES gun as an upgrade.
While the DRACO-equipped B1 is an anti-aircraft vehicle in real life, in Armored Warfare it is represented as an AFV. The armor level of the vehicle does correspond well to this class as the protection offered by the turret is that of Stanag Level 2 – only against small arms fire (7.62 AP rounds of Russian assault rifles and equivalent). On the other hand, its survivability in the game is enhanced by a smoke grenade launcher module and the vehicle is very agile – powered by a 520hp Iveco engine, it has enough horsepower to evade any enemies in pursuit.
Challenger 2
The BAE Systems Land & Armaments FV4034 Challenger 2 is the pinnacle of British tank design and probably the last and most advanced main battle tank ever to be produced in Britain. Its hallmark is an incredible durability and armor toughness paired with a powerful 120mm L30A1 gun.
Armored Warfare testers might remember that this tank previously appeared on tier 8, but due to balance considerations it was temporarily removed from the game and rebalanced to tier 9. Its fantastic armor has been further enhanced by the Theater Entry Standard (TES) upgrade that includes ERA modules and a cage armor kit.
The gun can now fire L26A1 Jericho and L27A1 CHARM 3 depleted uranium APFSDS rounds and mobility is ensured by either a Rolls-Royce 1200hp engine or a MTU 833 1500hp diesel. The ultimate version of the Challenger 2, however, is likely to appear on tier 10 – Obsidian Entertainment is currently evaluating the upgrade options, which include the Rheinmetall 120mm L/55 or even the experimental 140mm cannon.
We are currently preparing several more tier 9 and 10 vehicles that will be unveiled in future.
Stay tuned and see you on the battlefield!
1. Dallas (1)
Even without Fabian Castillo, the road to MLS Cup runs through Frisco. Next match: vs. Seattle on Oct. 16.
2. New York Red Bulls (2)
Thrilling Philly win takes it to the top of the East. Up next: vs. Columbus on Oct. 16.
3. New York City FC (5)
Both New York teams could end up with a bye. Up next: at D.C. on Oct. 16.
4. Colorado (6)
Dealt a heavy blow to Portland's fading playoff hopes. Up next: at Houston on Saturday.
5. Seattle (11)
After three wins in eight days, a home knockout round match is suddenly within reach. Up next: vs. Houston on Oct. 12.
6. Toronto (3)
Home loss to D.C. could prove costly. Up next: at Montreal on Oct. 16.
7. D.C. (10)
Like the Sounders, surging down the stretch. Up next: vs. New York City FC on Oct. 16.
8. Los Angeles (4)
Reeling from consecutive defeats to fellow contenders. Up next: at Houston on Oct. 16.
9. Salt Lake (7)
Might not even host a playoff game. Up next: vs. Kansas City on Oct. 16.
10. Montreal (14)
Rallied with a massive win in Orlando. Up next: vs. Toronto on Oct. 16.
11. Philadelphia (9)
Despite a hot start, dangerously close to the red line. Up next: vs. Orlando on Oct. 16.
12. Kansas City (8)
Has the look of a one-and-done. Up next: at Salt Lake on Oct. 16.
13. New England (15)
Fighting hard to play its way in. Up next: at Chicago on Oct. 16.
14. Columbus (13)
Going down swinging. Up next: at Chicago on Oct. 13.
15. Portland (12)
Defending champs unlikely to defend their crown. Up next: vs. Colorado on Oct. 16.
16. San Jose (19)
Did Seattle a favor by tripping up Salt Lake. Up next: at Colorado on Oct. 13.
17. Houston (16)
Looking ahead to 2017. Up next: vs. Colorado on Saturday.
18. Orlando (18)
Impact match felt like a last shot. Up next: at Philadelphia on Oct. 16.
19. Vancouver (17)
Officially eliminated with Sounders loss. Up next: at San Jose on Oct. 16.
20. Chicago (20)
Dozens of young people reportedly mobbed an Oakland train station over the weekend, annexed one of the train cars, and robbed passengers.
Two people suffered head injures from the alleged crimes, reports SFGATE, an online news site run by the San Francisco Chronicle, citing witnesses.
The incident occurred Saturday night at Coliseum Station, one of the most convenient stops to access the Oakland Raiders' official NFL stadium.
Witnesses claim that approximately 40 to 60 juveniles swarmed the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) station and circumvented the payment process by jumping over the fare gates. After arriving to the second-story platform, the thieves manually held open the doors to the train car while other miscreants flooded in, according to SFGATE. (RELATED: Social Network Crime Scheme Turns Dates Into Armed Robbery)
The youthful perpetrators reportedly accosted the transit riders, robbing and even beating them if they did not succumb to their demands. Items said to be stolen included a duffel bag, a purse, and five phones.
“We are in the process of pulling all surveillance video and we will share with Oakland police, Oakland Unified School District and Oakland Housing Authority to see if they can help identify the minors,” Alicia Trost, a BART spokesperson told SFGATE. “We have had success with sharing images of juveniles with this group and identifying and making arrests in the past.”
Police were apparently not able to respond to the crime scene in time because the teenagers conducted the alleged crimes in such a swift fashion. (RELATED: Chicago Man With Concealed-Carry Permit Shoots, Kills Armed Robber)
The latest mass robbery is just one in a string of similar crimes on BART trains in recent weeks, though it appears none of the prior incidents were as organized as this one.
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Weather forecasters are predicting that Hurricane Sandy could merge with another weather system as it moves, bringing a "Frankenstorm" to parts of Eastern Canada and the U.S. in time for Halloween.
The hurricane, which swept through the Caribbean and left the Bahamas Friday, has been downgraded to Category 1 as it heads north for Florida this weekend. The weather system could hit the U.S. northeast early next week as a tropical storm, according to CBC meteorologist Jay Scotland.
This satellite image taken Thursday, and provided by the National Hurricane Center, shows Hurricane Sandy moving northward across eastern Cuba. Weather systems seem to be coming together to create a Frankenstorm, a monster combination of high wind, heavy rain, extreme tides and maybe snow. (NOAA/Associated Press)
As it curves northward and hooks left, Sandy could merge with the remnants of a cold front, creating a monster storm, they added.
"Despite the comical name … Frankenstorm is a pretty decent analogy, because we are taking spare parts from another storm and combining it with Sandy, and this will become a powerful, what is known as a hybrid nor'easter storm. A potent coastal fall storm," they said Friday.
The resulting storm could be widespread for Eastern Canada, with potential wind and rain from southern Ontario through to southern Quebec to the Maritimes, although "there is still potential for swings" in its path.
The remnants of the storm will reach southern Ontario and Quebec by Halloween, and "will result in a wet and windy week ahead for many Canadians," they said.
Similarities to film The Perfect Storm
The weather super-system bears some similarities to the famous 1991 "Halloween nor'easter" that inspired the movie The Perfect Storm, starring George Clooney. The storm saw a nor'easter absorb Hurricane Grace, creating a "perfect storm" that killed 13 people, said Scotland.
Actors George Clooney, left, and Mark Wahlberg, starred in the 2000 film The Perfect Storm, based on the Halloween nor'easter that absorbed Hurricane Grace in 1991. (Fred Prouser/Reuters)
In this case, Hurricane Sandy is being drawn inland toward the cold front by a trough of low pressure.
The Canadian Hurricane Centre said Friday that Sandy — which has killed at least 40 people — will lose some of its tropical storm characteristics early next week, but will remain a "large and powerful cyclone" as it heads for the East Coast of the U.S. It could prove worse than last year's Hurricane Irene.
"Sandy will quite likely impact parts of Eastern Canada early next week," the hurrican centre said in a statement. "The track and intensity will, as always, depend on many changing factors over a period of several days. Thus, it is too early to meaningfully state how the storm will affect particular areas."
Sandy is expected to maintain Category 1 hurricane status as it curves upward, and move inland starting between Washington, D.C., and New York City early next week, Scotland said.
This could bring heavy rain and wind, pounding surf and widespread power outages to the U.S. northeast, they said.
Experts are predicting at least $1 billion in damage.
"It's looking like a very serious storm that could be historic," said Jeff Masters, meteorology director of the forecasting service Weather Underground.
"Mother Nature is not saying 'Trick or treat.' It's just going to give tricks."
For Canadians, the potential Frankenstorm means "Halloween could be bad for the kiddies" in areas from the Great Lakes to the Maritimes, Scotland said.
"We are looking at the remnants of this storm bringing wind, bringing rain, and bringing just messy weather in general to places as far west as the lower Great Lakes as we move Tuesday into Wednesday."
Taxpayer-funded officials in Oregon's second largest city are now requiring teachers to inform police or the state's Department of Human Services when they find out that teen students have had consensual sex with other teen students.
Teachers in the Salem-Keizer school district face fines and can even lose their jobs if they fail to blow the whistle on teen students who are voluntarily having sex with each other, reports the Statesman Journal, the main newspaper in Salem.
The draconian requirements also require teachers in the district to report teen students who might have had consensual sex.
A comically literal interpretation of an Oregon state law appears to be the Salem-Keizer school district's rationale for the mandatory teen-sex reporting standards.
The state law — ORS 163.315 — makes it illegal for anyone who is under 18 years of age to consent to a sex act.
According to the Statesman Journal, school district officials provided these examples as instances which teachers must report suspected teen sexual activity to government officials:
Your own 17-year-old son lets you know that they got their 16-year-old girlfriend pregnant.
You hear some students talking about students hooking up at a party over the weekend.
A 15-year-old female student asks about birth control because they are having sex with their boyfriend.
A 14-year-old boy approaches seeks advice because their parents kicked them out of the house when they found out they engaged in sex acts with their gay partner.
In all of these cases, and in many others, all teachers in the Salem-Keizer school district are required to file reports with either the Department of Human Services or some law enforcement agency if they have “reasonable cause” to believe a teenager might be suffering abuse.
It's not clear if the school district has made any attempt to define the nebulous legal term “reasonable cause.”
Teachers who aren't sure if there is “reasonable cause” to believe abuse has occurred have an incentive to report teen sex because a finding that teachers withheld information can result in fines or job loss.
“It's criminal not to report,” Salem-Keizer Public Schools spokesperson Lillian Govus told the Statesman Journal. “People's careers are at stake here.”
When a teacher reports a teen high school student for having consensual sex, the state Department of Human Services creates a file. In addition to the creation of a file, a social worker or a police officer could come to the public school to talk to the reported student about all about the sex they or they have been accused of having.
Teen students who have been reported for sex do not appear to have recourse concerning their privacy. Thus, information and gossip about their sex lives will remain in government files — which may or may not be effectively stored.
Salem-Keizer school district superintendent Christy Perry said students shouldn't worry about asking sex questions in health class or about speaking to a teacher, counselor or administrator about sex issues.
Perry's goal in creating the sex reporting requirements is to create a safe space for teens, they told the local newspaper.
If teenagers in the Salem-Keizer school district are similar to the rest of America's teenagers, then they lose their virginity at age 17 on average, according to the Centers for Disease Control.
Also, over 40 percent of America's high school students admit to having had sex at least once before graduation, according to the Centers for Disease Control.
Thus, taken literally, Oregon's sexual consent law makes criminals of 40 to 50 percent of the teens in the state.
Some students, parents and teachers in the Salem-Keizer district say they are frustrated by the reporting requirements.
One student, Kimberly Schott, has created a Change.org petition to change the Salem-Keizer policy.
“The teachers of the Salem-Keizer school district are being forced to report everything to DHS involving any sexual activity with students and even their own children,” the petition says.
Over 1,100 people have signed the petition as of Nov. 3.
The Statesman Journal notes that it could not find one other school district in Oregon that requires teachers to alert cops or state social workers when high school students may be having sex .
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Exclusive: David Miliband and Sir Malcolm Rifkind call on the Commonwealth Secretariat to stop Sri Lanka from hosting its heads of government meeting because of the country's poor human rights record.
David Miliband, Labour's former foreign secretary, described as “grotesque” the notion of the Queen attending the meeting as head of the Commonwealth, if it is to be hosted by what they called a repressive regime, fast “moving towards pariah status”.
Speaking exclusively to Channel 4 News, former Conservative foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind likened it to Pretoria hostingthis November's heads of government meeting (CHOGM) while South Africa was under apartheid.
Sri Lanka, some of whose leaders face allegations of war crimes and whose increasingly authoritarian government is accused of persistent and serious human rights abuse, would assume chairpersonship of the Commonwealth during the CHOGM.
Channel 4 News twice requested an interview with Commonwealth Secretary General Kamalesh Sharma, a former Indian diplomat, to respond to the growing disquiet. A spokesperson said they did not want to let “the Sri Lanka issue” overshadow events in Commonwealth week, which started on Monday.
The secretary general pointedly ignored a question on Sri Lanka when approached in person by Channel 4 News at a Royal Commonwealth Society banquet on Sunday night.
‘Mistake' for Sri Lanka to host
“I think it's a mistake for Sri Lanka to be invited to host the heads of government meeting,” Sir Malcolm told Channel 4 News. “The present Sri Lankan government has done very little to address the human rights issues; tens of thousands are still displaced; there has been no political reform, the rule of law has been traduced – the chief justice was recently sacked – and there's not been any independent investigation into what was probably the mass murder of Sri Lankan Tamils.”
This “Sri Lanka issue” is known to be an area of concern to the foreign and commonwealth office, which, in a statement to Channel 4 News, said it was yet to decide whether it would boycott the CHOGM in November.
Sri Lanka has breached the most fundamental aspect of democracy, namely the separation of powers and the independence of the judiciary. Geoffrey Robertson QC
“The host for each Commonwealth summit should embody our shared values, including respect for human rights and democracy,” the statement read, adding that human rights in Sri Lanka were a matter of concern.
The Queen will on Monday night sign a new Commonwealth charter which commits member states to respect for democracy and the protection of human rights.
The charter lists democracy, human rights, freedom of expression, judicial independence, rule of law and good governance among the “shared values” it seeks to promote. Sri Lanka's record in all of these areas has been questioned at the highest level.
Picture below: Sri Lankans call for investigation into over a dozen killings of journalists in recent years. (Getty)
Calls for investigation
The crescendo of international disquiet surrounding the CHOGM includes Nobel Peace Laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu and the former UN Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson. They have co-authored an article in Monday's The Times newspaper urging the Commonwealth to reconsider appointing Sri Lanka as its chair.
UN Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillai last month re-stated their “long-standing call for an independent and credible international investigation” into alleged human rights violations and war crimes in Sri Lanka.
The tragedy for you, Mr Miller, is that you are so out of touch with the reality of contemporary Sri Lanka. Dr Chris Nonis, Sri Lanka's High Commissioner to London
A 27-year-long civil war in Sri Lanka ended just under four years ago with the deaths of tens of thousands of Tamil civilians. Ms Pillai added that “extra-judicial killings, abductions and enforced disappearance” have since shown no signs of abating.
The eminent human rights lawyer, Geoffrey Robertson QC, has also said the Commonwealth risked becoming “a laughing stock”. They branded the organisation “leaderless and rudderless” and said “if it goes to (Sri Lankan capital) Colombo, we need never bother with it again. It will be a mockery”.
Mr Robertson last month published a damning report commissioned by the Bar Human Rights Committee of England and Wales which investigated the impeachment in January of Sri Lanka's Chief Justice. It accused the government there of subverting the independence of judges.
Queen visit ‘obscene'
“Sri Lanka has breached the most fundamental aspect of democracy, namely the separation of powers and the independence of the judiciary,” they told Channel 4 News.
They said it would be “obscene” if the Queen were to shake hands with President [Mahinda] Rajapakse as it would deliver what they called “exactly the propaganda coup that these people want.”
At issue is the commitment of governments and the leaders of civil society to the principles of human rights. Peter Kellner, Royal Commonwealth Society chairperson
Peter Kellner, chairperson of the cultural and educational charity, the Royal Commonwealth Society, also said that the Commonwealth risked becoming irrelevant if the meeting in Colombo goes ahead. “At issue is the commitment of governments and the leaders of civil society to the principles of human rights,” they said.
Mr Kellner also drew attention to the strong criticism of Sri Lanka's human rights record voiced by the United Nations, the European Union, Amnesty International and Human rights watch.
‘It is only you who disagree'
Dr Chris Nonis, Sri Lanka's high commissioner to London was approached by Channel 4 News at the Royal Commonwealth Society banquet on Sunday evening. They said they thought it was entirely appropriate that Sri Lanka should host CHOGM, describing Sri Lanka as a democracy which abided by Commonwealth values.
Challenged on this, Dr Nonis said: “It is only you who disagree with us… The tragedy for you, Mr Miller, is that you are so out of touch with the reality of contemporary Sri Lanka. I invite you to come. We'd be delighted to have you.”
A meeting of the Commonwealth's ministerial action group will meet next month to discuss a possible change of venue, with Mauritius proposed as an alternative.
A suicide bomber detonated an explosives belt near a football stadium in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, killing at least four people, witnesses said.
Eight people were wounded in the attack on Tuesday, which appeared to target young men queueing to sign up for the military.
The witnesses told the Associated Press news agency that the four people killed were in addition to the bomber.
The attack comes during a ceasefire, and a day before peace talks aimed at ending more than a year of war in a country that has become a subject of dispute for regional powers Saudi Arabia and Iran.
A UN spokesperson, Stephane Dujarric, on Monday said the truce appeared to be holding despite "pockets of violence".
READ MORE - UN envoy: Yemen truce first step in return to peace
A Saudi-led coalition and an Iranian-allied Houthi rebel movement have blamed each other for those incidents, both reiterating their commitment to respecting the cessation of hostilities.
The UN-sponsored talks are due to start on April 18 in Kuwait, bringing together the Houthis and the Saudi-backed government.
The Houthis forced the government out of the capital Sanaa in 2014 in what they said was a revolution against corruption.
Saudi Arabia and allied states began an air campaign in March last year to stop the Houthis and forces loyal to ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh from taking control of the whole country.
More than 6,200 Yemenis have been killed in the war.
Last week, a panel in the House of Representatives authorized up to $10 billion to be spent on President Donald Trump's infamous U.S.-Mexico border wall. This is the same border wall, it must be noted, that everyone from Reason to Time magazine acknowledges won't actually do many of the things that Trump claims it will.
Yet there is a way that Trump could spend that kind of money and actually help Americans in the process. Instead of complaining that the devastation wrought on Puerto Rico by Hurricane Maria has "thrown our budget out of whack," Trump could dedicate federal dollars to rebuilding the devastated commonwealth.
Advertisement:
Dr. Luis Martínez-Fernández, a professor of history at the University of Central Florida who specializes in Latin America, pointed to the most prominent public works project of the 1930s as a guide.
"[Franklin] Roosevelt was the president, and as you know, they were surrounded by a brain trust of people who were there to serve their fellow Americans in a time of crisis," they said in an interview. "Roosevelt, and particularly through Eleanor Roosevelt, had a very intimate relationship with the progressive leadership of Puerto Rico during the 1930s. I'm referring mainly to the leader of the progressive faction, Luis Muñoz Marín."
It is hard not to draw a comparison here between Roosevelt's strong relationship with Muñoz Marín and Trump's ongoing and pointless feud with San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz. Whereas Trump has repeatedly antagonized Cruz for calling out their administration's inadequate activity in Puerto Rico, Martínez-Fernández explained that Roosevelt and Muñoz Marín (who would later become Puerto Rico's first governor) "would sit together, they would talk, they would negotiate -- which is a very different set of circumstances from what we have now."
Roosevelt responded to the needs outlined by Puerto Rico's leaders in a constructive and generous way.
"There were two New Deal programs specifically created for Puerto Rico," Martínez-Fernández said, as part of the sweeping social and economic programs that Roosevelt put in place throughout the United States in the 1930s. "The first, created in 1933, was called the Puerto Rico Emergency Relief Administration (PRERA). That one was for the more immediate needs. Again, one could argue that the Great Depression was also a war on the island — which, interestingly enough, was compounded by two devastating hurricanes that hit the island: San Felipe in 1928 and San Ciprian in 1932.
"The second program was the Puerto Rico Recovery Administration (PRRA)," Martínez-Fernández continued, "and that one started two years later. At a time of massive unemployment, it rebuilt the facilities of the University of Puerto Rico, which are beautiful. It also electrified the island. In other words, it was a huge investment in infrastructure that included road building. The other one, PRERA, people on the island associate more with emergency food relief, for example -- surplus cheese, surplus sardines, that kind of thing."
Advertisement:
When asked what kinds of large-scale government programs or policies could help Puerto Rico rebuild today, Martínez-Fernández identified several.
"First, the cleanup effort -- there's a lot of debris and it needs to be moved out of the way. On a small island they will have to find a place for that," they said. "Second, speed up a package of relief similar to Hurricane Sandy's. It may have to be larger. The next one? Be ready for refugees leaving the island in large numbers." They suggested that plans should be ready to accommodate them in cities with large Puerto Rican communities in place, including Orlando, Chicago, New York and elsewhere.
Martínez-Fernández noted that there's an urgent need to rebuild tens of thousands of homes in Puerto Rico. "It will require higher standards, better materials, and that's going to take time and money. The infrastructure is going to be essential, making all the resources available to rebuild roads, etc."
There is a sad irony to the fact that Trump, who clearly wants to be remembered as a great leader, doesn't seem to understand the most rudimentary components even of mediocre leadership. While the president hasn't hesitated to toss paper towels at the people of Puerto Rico as if they were Santa Claus, they haven't even hinted at the possibility of spending the kind of money on rebuilding this American territory that a real leader like FDR would have.
The winter months when you can't garden feel like they last forever. You can put them to good use designing new gardens or redesigning existing gardens. Herbs give you a few choices when it comes to garden design.
You can plant your herbs in your vegetable garden where they will act as companion plants, attracting beneficial insects or repelling pests. For best results, you should intermingle your herbs with your vegetable plants rather than isolating them in a separate section of your vegetable garden. My favorite way to use my herbs is to plant them with my flowers. Some herbs have gorgeous flowers, like echinacea or foxglove, while others have interesting foliage that add color or texture to my flower beds. If you prefer a separate herb garden, your choices come down to two: a formal herb garden or an informal one. A formal herb garden, like any formal garden, is symmetrical and is usually designed around a specific feature such as a fountain or a statue. Very often the beds are edged with small boxwood hedges or smaller herbs such as thyme or germander that can be pruned into hedges. Most formal garden plans include paved walkways between the beds. Formal gardens are planted more for looks rather than utility. Plants are carefully placed and maintained. Formal herb gardens are beautiful, but can be high maintenance.
Informal herb gardens can be any size and shape. They are planted more for utility than looks although most gardeners try to make them attractive. The addition of edible flowers such as nasturtiums gives them the air of a pretty cottage garden. Informal herb gardens are lower maintenance. Conventional wisdom says that beds should be no more than 4′ to 5′ wide. Ignore that. Make your bed as wide as you can comfortably reach to weed, prune and harvest your herbs. If your herb garden is planted along a fence you will only be able to work from one side. Don't make your bed so wide that you are forced to walk into it to weed or harvest. This will compact the soil making it difficult for your herbs to grow. Alternatively, you can add a few stepping stones to allow you to walk into the parts of the garden that you can't comfortably reach from the sides or front. Once you have decided on your design, it's time to decide where to place your herb garden. The most important consideration is sunlight. Most herbs require full sun, meaning 6 to 8 hours of sunlight each day. Choose a sunny spot in your yard for your herb garden. If your yard does not receive full sun, but it does get 3 to 6 hours of sunlight per day (partial shade), there are a few herbs that will tolerate partial shade. Catnip, fennel, lemon balm, mint, parsley, sage, and thyme can all tolerate some shade. If your herb garden is filled with culinary herbs that you plan to use frequently, you will want to put your garden close to your kitchen. If there is not enough space near that door or you prefer to have your herb garden in another part of your yard, plant a few of your most frequently used herbs near your kitchen either in a small garden or even in containers. Some herbs such as aggressively spreading mints or less hardy herbs such as rosemary (in colder climates) and bay laurel, are grown in containers anyways. Space is important. Herb plants can get quite large. If your plants are crowded into a tiny space, they will not grow as well, if at all. Make sure that you are allotting enough space for your entire herb garden as well as individual beds within it if you are planning a formal design. Soil is also an important consideration. Herbs prefer less rich, well-drained soil. If the soil is too rich or you over-fertilize, your plants will get tall and gangly. Besides looking unattractive, too much fertilizer can also affect the taste of your herbs. Herbs grown in rich soil have less taste than herbs grown with less fertilizer. Good drainage is imperative. If the soil is soggy or holds water, the roots of your herbs will rot. The addition of mulch gives your garden a finished look as well as keeping down weeds and holding moisture in the soil. Be sure to plant “like with like”. Plants that like a lot of water such as basil should not be planted near or in the same container as plants like rosemary or lavender that prefer very dry soil. Sun lovers such as chives should not be planted with shade lovers such as ginger. You can intermingle annuals and perennials together as long as they have the same sunlight and water requirements. One herb that you never want to plant with any herb is mint. It spreads aggressively, taking over your entire garden. Keep it confined in containers. The containers can be placed in your herb garden, becoming part of the overall design. Visit public herb gardens to see plants and get ideas for your own garden. Then choose a sunny spot in your yard and plant your favorite herbs.
You might also like
Growing Herbs From Seeds and Cuttings
Growing Herbs in Containers
S Kidman and Co: Australian graziers challenge Gina Rinehart with home-grown bid for cattle empire
Updated
The first entirely Australian offer for the Kidman cattle empire is due to be lodged this weekend and will be higher than Gina Rinehart's Australian-Chinese bid, a member of the domestic syndicate has told the ABC.
The offer by four of the nation's wealthiest outback cattle and transport families is likely to be around $385 million, more than the joint bid by Ms Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting and Chinese real estate conglomerate Shanghai CRED.
"We intend to put a bid in that will be absolutely competitive [and unconditional]," said West Australian and Northern Territory pastoralist Sterling Buntine, who is a member of the BBHO syndicate.
"It will be more than what the current bid is on the table and we would expect the Kidman board to treat it with due respect."
BBHO is bidding for the entire Kidman business, including the defence-sensitive Anna Creek Station, near the Woomera weapons-testing range.
The South Australian property was excised from the original sale offering after Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison blocked foreign bids for the entire landholding on the grounds of national security.
Other members of the BBHO group are South Australian Tom Brinkworth, Malcolm Harris from New South Wales, and Viv Oldfield from Alice Springs.
The families already own huge chunks of pastoral land in northern and central Australia, Queensland, New South Wales and South Australia, and between them run about 400,000 head of cattle, Mr Buntine said.
"We've got properties quite close to the Kidman properties," they said.
If successful in buying S Kidman and Co, "we would be looking to break the properties up to complement our existing portfolios", they said.
"It's a more efficient use of staff and plant."
Domestic offer does not require foreign investment approval
While each of the families would continue to run their own operations, all would market their cattle and beef through S Kidman and Co, which would grow the brand internationally, Mr Buntine said.
"We think we can give credit to the Kidman name ... and passing that land back through Australian families, that is certainly nothing [Sir Sidney] Kidman would be ashamed of.
"All the money we make is spent in the region.
"Three of us live on our own cattle stations ... and the other lives in a regional centre in the bush."
The greatest advantage for the domestic syndicate is that its offer does not require Australian foreign investment approval or regulatory clearance by Chinese authorities as does the bid by Australian Outback Beef (AOB) — the joint venture company 67 per cent owned by Hancock Prospecting and one-third owned by Shanghai CRED.
While AOB's headline purchase offer is $365 million, the actual bid when taking into account financial dealings surrounding Anna Creek Station is $380 million, according to agricultural analysts
'I'm wildly excited': Katter
But BBHO's plan to divide the Kidman properties could be seen as a negative by the company's family shareholders.
S Kidman and Co managing director Greg Campbell has maintained throughout the process that breaking up the business and selling off the cattle properties would be the last option.
"I would feel aggrieved if that was held against us ... because there's nothing different that we're doing now to what Sidney Kidman was doing in their day," Mr Buntine said.
"I'm wildly excited [about the home-grown bid]," said federal politician Bob Katter, a vocal opponent of foreign ownership.
"I love these blokes. They are the sort of blokes that will make this country greater in the future than it has been in the past and will dig us out of the hole that we're digging for ourselves at the present moment.
"They are one group, but there are others out there as well."
The Kidman board is required to consider any offer that is higher or superior to the one on the table, but the Hancock-Shanghai team would have a right to match any rival bid should it gain foreign investment approval.
Federal Government ministers including the Prime Minister and their deputy, as well as politicians Nick Xenophon and One Nation's Pauline Hanson all welcomed the Hancock-Shanghai bid.
S Kidman and Co is Australia's largest private landholder with properties covering 101,000 square kilometres across four states.
It supplies markets in Japan, the United States and South-East Asia.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, rural, livestock, australia
First posted
Print Your Sensitive Files Directly Into A Shredder!
The Shrinter® is the world's first combination color laser printer & shredder! Have sensitive files on your PC that you need to keep from prying eyes? You need a Shrinter®. Using our patented steel cutter ink dispersal system, the Shrinter® will allow you to print your files (in full color!) directly into a shredder! Feed your paranoia as you Shrint® your most sensitive data!
Stop wasting your time with traditional print then shred methods! Combine them both and instantly gain far more security and increased productivity in the workplace.
Great for board meetings, corporate lawyers & anybody else who values personal security and privacy! In the information age, paranoia is increasingly the only sane approach. You would be crazy not to be paranoid, so start Shrinting® today!
Features/Specifications:
The NSW Attorney General will this week sign an out of court settlement with software vendor Micro Focus, putting an end to a protracted and expensive dispute between the State's law enforcement services and the software vendor over licenses.
Micro Focus had accused the NSW Police, the NSW Ombudsman, the Police Integrity Commission, Corrective Services NSW and countless other NSW Government agencies of illegally distributing its software for the better part of a decade in a lawsuit filed in May 2011.
These agencies have progressively signed small settlements with the British software vendor, but the main protagonist NSW Police continued to fight the matter in the Federal Court until late into 2012.
Today iTnews can reveal that NSW Police and the NSW Department of Attorney General and Justice have finally settled out of court with Micro Focus.
Bruce Craig, general manager for Micro Focus Australia said they could confirm that both parties have settled – NSW Police coming to the table shortly before a hearing scheduled for November, 2012 and the state's Attorney General last week.
Regretfully, the details of those settlements were attached to non-disclosure agreements that prevent the software vendor from revealing how much the case cost the taxpayer.
Micro Focus had originally sued NSW Police for $10 million, but upped the damages sought to $12 million in June 2012 after viewing the results of a court-ordered audit of NSW Police systems.
A relieved Craig said they could not name a figure, saying only that the outcome was “more than satisfying” and had “achieved the desired result.”
“It's done and dusted,” they said. “All agencies are now fundamentally settled, but for some final paperwork.”
TIMELINE: Policing the Police
1988: The NSW Police and Micro Focus sign a licensing deal for use of the NS mainframe terminal software suite.
2003: The NSW Police begins to use Micro Focus' ViewNow software – the next version on from NS - for terminals to connect to NSW Police's Computerised Operations Policing System (COPS), a centralised database containing all day-to-day operating information for police investigations.
May 2011: Micro Focus accuses NSW Police of using 16,000 copies of the ViewNow software, after only paying licenses for 6500. It further alleges NSW Police distributed the software to 27 Government agencies, including fellow law enforcement agencies, RailCorp and the Office of Fair Trading. The NSW Police alleges that its 1998 agreement entitled it to a “site-wide” license for an undisclosed number of terminals. This agreement had been updated in 1999 and 2000.
August 2011: The NSW Police Commission settles with Micro Focus for an undisclosed sum over 47 unlicensed copies of the ViewNow software.
September 2011: Federal Court Justice Jayne Jagot appoints KPMG associate director Stan Gallo to audit NSW Police systems at a cost of $120,000.
February 2012: Micro Focus adds the NSW Attorney General and Corrective Services NSW to its lawsuit over the alleged use of “at least” 60 copies of the ViewNow software.
April 2012: The ABC's 7:30 Report airs an investigation into the software piracy case.
May 2012: The Attorney General's Department settles out of court over the ViewNow licenses, but is further sued over its use of another Micro Focus software program, SNA Server.
June 2012: Micro Focus increases its claim to $12 million after viewing the results of KPMG's audit of NSW Police.
Late October 2012: NSW Police settles with Micro Focus for an undisclosed sum, subject to a non-disclosure agreement.
January 2013: The NSW Attorney General settles out of court with Micro Focus for unlicensed use of NS Server.
Read on to learn how the Government lost millions fighting a case it could not win...
The Shiva God Helmet is the same technology used in the God Helmet Experiments, which produced visions of God in some subjects in a neuroscience lab. Other subjects had a range of altered-state experiences, including religious bliss and out-of-body experiences.
The Shiva Neural Stimulation
God Helmet ®
The “Shiva” God Helmet ® is a cutting-edge mind technology endorsed by Dr. Michael A. Persinger, whose laboratory God Helmet has been seen on dozens of television documentaries. It has elicited a wide range of spiritual experiences, visions, out-of-body experiences, paranormal perceptions. and even visions of God. It can be seen in many online videos.
The God Helmet uses magnetic signals to gently stimulate the brain, eliciting spiritual sensations, moods, and experiences.
The phrase God Helmet was invented by a journalist who wanted to make their article about the work of Dr. Michael A. Persinger more interesting by giving the Koren Helmet (built by Stan Koren) a more impressive name. Although a very small percentage of Persinger & Koren's subjects did have meetings with God (more info), most of the sessions resulted in other experiences. These have included out-of-body experiences, visions of an infinite ‘Void”, patterns of light, “paranormal” episodes, and a range of other phenomena. Although the name God Helmet is not really accurate, it's the only name many people have heard for this kind of apparatus.
These pages will try to explain as much as possible about this device, which is replicated in the Shiva Neural Stimulation System.
If you order a Shiva system, you will receive the software needed to do God Helmet sessions, and the software to do “Octopus” (The apparatus used to elicit psychic perceptions in the laboratory) sessions.
The Koren Helmet is the most important research tool in the science of understanding spirituality, especially the brain's role in religious, mystic and spiritual experiences. Religious and spiritual beliefs are another matter, of course.
This is the first time this type of device has been available to the public, as part of the Shiva Neural Stimulation System.
The God Helmet setup for the Shiva Neural Stimulation System uses four USB sound devices (included with the system) that create eight independent stereo channels. Magnetic fields cycle between four coils on one or both sides of your head. These fields change strength every few milliseconds, so they are also magnetic signals. Another way to see it is that Shiva conveys information to the brain using a magnetic carrier.
The name comes from the fact that a small group (less than two percent) of Persinger's subjects had meetings with God during Koren Helmet sessions. This is far too small a percentage to justify the name, but the phenomena is too striking for it to have gotten any other, especially from the media.
Shiva feeds information into the brain using fluctuating magnetic fields, and the fields move in two ways.
One of them is quite fast, and the other is very slow.
The fast motion is the rotation of the fields, cycling between four coils over the temporal lobes. The exact place where the field is applied constantly changes.
This makes it hard for the brain to tune out the signal or get used to it. It also shifts the ‘response area' from one place to another. As one area responds, the surrounding ones become quieter.
The slower changes in the signals are used in two-phase sessions that last 40 or 60 minutes overall. These are based on the most effective session designs used in the original laboratory experiments.
Each phase is 20 or 30 minutes. The first phase will use one signal over one area, and the second phase will apply another signal over another area.
The first phase will build up activity slowly in one area, and the second phase “recruits” this activity, by shunting it into another. The result can be a response from the brain that would ordinarily be hard to achieve. By directing the information to different brain parts on each side of the brain, a broad control over the effects is possible, but the exact effects will vary from one individual to another.
One signal gets positive responses from one side of the brain, and another signal gets positive effects from the other side of the brain.
This animation shows how God Helmet sessions use two different stimulations to create its effects. There are a few sessions like this in the software for the Shiva God Helmet.
The signals circle around the brain's temporal lobe. Each cycle takes a fraction of a second. This animation shows only the most effective one, the one that created the most dramatic effects in Persinger's lab, and as seen on several TV documentaries. To read about the sessions, click HERE.
Click HERE for a basic introduction to the God Helmet.
For a page with more advanced information, click HERE.
The God Helmet experiments were developed to test a theory. For a page with a short overview of that theory (which explains religious and mystic experiences in terms of neural processes), click HERE.
This is the most powerful mind technology in the Shakti family of Neural Technologies, and there are possible side-effects for each session design for people who have psychiatric problems, or who choose to use it unsafely. These are very uncommon, but are still described in the software on the pages for each, along with ways to stop them if they appear.
Click HERE for important safety information.
The Earth's magnetic field can help make your sessions more effective. More info.
Present Geomagnetic Field State: (more info)
Shiva God Helmet review comments and testimonials:
(Individual Results may vary*)
“I have a Shiva Neural Stimulation system and I'm very happy with it. After the first try (I used one of the God Helmet sessions) I was a little uncomfortable, but I also felt much happier and I felt a kind of flow (energy flow?) inside my body. This continued for a few days before it's intensity started to fade. The next time I tried, I didn't have the uncomfortable feeling, but one of happiness and I would say a different look at things and the world.*
_____________
Over the next months I used several other sessions and found that their effects differed from one another. Some of them were more effective for me than others. The best feeling it gave me so far is the flow of happiness I mentioned before. It makes me more energetic, and I even started enjoying some tasks at work I had once hated. I also found that it improved communication with other people and made it also more enjoyable and productive. I've only gone through 20-30% of the sessions so far and I'm very exited about the many more positive surprises I'll get from the system.” * (Using a session called ‘Modulated 40 hertz ‘chirp signal over both sides followed by amygdala over the left'.)
_____________
I have the Shiva God Helmet and have used it about 6 times now. I was interested in it for the right hippocampus stimulation and left amygdala stimulation. I have been been ‘vibrating' while awake. Having more visions and ‘seeing' peoples auras. My … (friend)… has used it and has now seen someone's aura. People are starting to tell them very private things after only meeting them for a few minutes. …
(I'm) still ‘playing' with it. I'm keeping a journal of my experiences. So far I'm happy I got it.” *
_____________
“I was using (…) a ” god helmet” to see if it would boost my OBE experience, it did. I experienced total knowledge and connection to everything. I experienced a level of joy that cannot be explained with words. I was a globe of white light among an infinite number of other white lights. I floated as close as possible to get near the great light, it was massive, pervading everything except the space we were in.” * (source)
_____________
The Shiva God Helmet was used in filming an episode of the television program Paranormal Lockdown.
“… one of the highlights of the new season was the use of the God Helmet, originally called the Koren Helmet, which was created to study things like creativity and religious experience.
Nick (who used the God Helmet) said their experimentation with the helmet produced “incredible results”, adding: “It was truly an uplifting experience. It really helped me rise above the negativity of this extremely haunted location.”* (source)
_____________
“… this morning I did a God Helmet session. This was a pretty intense experience. Think binaural beats or perhaps CES at a delta or theta state, but much stronger. Very pleasant overall experience with lots of very strong and colorful hypnagogic flashes. There was a peacefulness about it. The experience felt very warm and very safe. It's hard to describe. Now I am no stranger to altered states, so my perception of pleasant might be another's “weird” or “just too intense”. I can see why people report a presence or in some cases a sense of God. I would describe that element of the experience more like the feeling one has on psychedelics, that feeling of oneness or interconnection. I would describe it that way.” * (source)
_____________
“I seem to get good visuals with the chirp signal on the right hemisphere. Using the first half of the original Koren helmet session, the chirp signal does not elicit ‘negative' emotions in me, but rather strong imagery (for my standards) and intuitions. The amygdala signal on the left side elicits a strong feeling of well-being, affection and ‘connectedness'.” *
_____________
Myself and a handful of others has been using this device, called a “God Helmet”, for several months now and the subjective reporting tends to cluster and lines up with what you would expect. … Stimulate the hippocampus and you'll get into a more “wordless” space that feels much like a deep meditation for me. Stimulate the amygdala and you'll get an improved feeling of well being. I'm not a brain scientist or a researcher, just exploring on my own, but based on what I've read, the effects fall in line with expectations. The device was developed by Dr Persinger and has been used in a number of published experiments in peer reviewed journals. … So far my experience has been very positive and surprising in some respects. … * (source)
_____________
MORE TESTIMONIALS
NOTE: The “Sensed Presence” experience, common with this technology in Dr. M.A. Persinger's lab, is infrequent with the Shiva System in it's God Helmet configuration. It may have to do with the rigorous laboratory conditions for the God Helmet Experiments, compared to the way people use it at home.
_____________
The (16 coil) Shiva System includes:
+ Software and hardware for God Helmet sessions.
+ The original Shiva for Windows software and Hardware (for Psychic Skills).
+ The 8 Coil Shakti software, including the Feelgood session, and instructions for converting the Shiva System to a Shakti System
+ All sessions for the 2 and 4 coil Shakti systems.
+ The magnetic signals used for the (now discontinued) old Shakti Helmet. Note: The old Shakti Helmet was not a version of the God Helmet
ADDITIONAL NOTES:
+ The Shiva software contains instructions for stripping down your Shiva unit to an 8 Coil Shakti unit.
+ The Shiva system can be configured to do anything that any of the systems can do (Shiva, God Helmet, Shakti).
+ Shiva uses four USB-powered Sound Devices (included with the system) for a total of eight audio channels. It does not require any external power supply.
+ The God Helmet system, shown here, is an eight-channel system. It uses four USB sound devices.
+ The 8 Coil Shakti System is a two-channel system that uses one sound device.
+ Shiva is not guaranteed to run on Mac computers running Bootcamp. We have had reports of success with Virtual Box.
+ Runs on Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or WINDOWS 10 .
+ Free tech support.
♦♦♦
The Shiva Neural Stimulation System is
$649.00 Plus Shipping
(Shipping is $20.00 in the USA and $40.00 for all other countries)
ORDER SHIVA
INCLUDING THE GOD HELMET HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE
NOTE: The God Helmet is one of the Configurations for The Shiva Neural Stimulation System. It uses the Shiva God Helmet software.
In the USA, you can order by calling 24/7 (Toll-Free)
(855) 408-7888
Read the Terms and Conditions before you call.
Legal: Shiva Neural Stimulation signals are based on the God Helmet signal templates licensed by Stan Koren and Dr. Michael A. Persinger. Shiva does not prevent, diagnose or treat any medical disorders.
Note: God Helmet is a registered trademark
The USPTO has given the THE GOD HELMET trademark serial number of 85799845.
.
.
.
Video Lecture: “God and the Brain” (1:45)
1.1k SHARES Tweet
The economic crisis in Europe continues to get worse and eventually it is going to unravel into a complete economic nightmare. All over Europe, national governments have piled up debts that are completely unsustainable. But whenever they start significantly cutting government spending it results in an economic slowdown. So politicians in Europe are really caught between a rock and a hard place. They can't keep racking up these unsustainable debts, but if they continue to cut government spending it is going to push their economies into deep recession and their populations will riot. Greece is a perfect example of this. Greece has been going down the austerity road for several years now and they are experiencing a full-blown economic depression, riots have become a way of life in that country and their national budget is still not anywhere close to balance. Americans should pay close attention to what is going on in Europe, because this is what it looks like when a debt party ends. Most of the nations in the eurozone have just started implementing austerity, and yet unemployment in the eurozone is already the highest it has been since the euro was introduced. It has risen for 10 months in a row and is now up to 10.8 percent. Sadly, it is going to go even higher. As economies across Europe slide into recession, that is going to put even more pressure on the European financial system. Most Americans do not realize this, but the European banking system is absolutely enormous. It is nearly four times the size that the U.S. banking system is. When the European banking system crashes (and it will) it is going to reverberate around the globe. The epicenter of the next great financial crisis is going to be in Europe, and it is getting closer with each passing day.
The following are 27 statistics about the European economic crisis that are almost too crazy to believe….
Greece
#1 The Greek economy shrank by 6 percent during 2011, and it has been shrinking for five years in a row.
#2 The average unemployment rate in Greece in 2010 was 12.5 percent. During 2011, the average unemployment rate was 17.3 percent, and now the unemployment rate in Greece is up to 21.8 percent.
#3 The youth unemployment rate in Greece is now over 50 percent.
#4 The unemployment rate in the port town is Perama is about 60 percent.
#5 In Greece, 20 percent of all retail stores have closed down during the economic crisis.
#6 Greece now has a debt to GDP ratio of approximately 160 percent.
#7 Some of the austerity measures that have been implemented in Greece have been absolutely brutal. For example, Greek civil servants have had their incomes slashed by about 40 percent since 2010.
#8 Despite all of the austerity measures, it is being projected that Greece will still have a budget deficit equivalent to 7 percent of GDP in 2012.
#9 Greece is still facing unfunded liabilities in future years that are equivalent to approximately 800 percent of GDP.
#10 In the midst of all the poverty in Greece, several serious diseases are making a major comeback. The following comes from a recent article in the Guardian….
The incidence of HIV/Aids among intravenous drug users in central Athens soared by 1,250% in the first 10 months of 2011 compared with the same period the previous year, according to the head of Médecins sans Frontières Greece, while malaria is becoming endemic in the south for the first time since the rule of the colonels, which ended in the 1970s.
Spain
#11 The unemployment rate in Spain is now up to 23.6 percent.
#12 The youth unemployment rate in Spain is now over 50 percent.
#13 The total value of all toxic loans in Spain is equivalent to approximately 13 percent of Spanish GDP.
#14 The GDP of Spain is about 1.4 trillion dollars. The three largest Spanish banks have approximately 2.7 trillion dollars in assets and they are all on the verge of failing.
#15 Home prices in Spain fell by 11.2 percent during 2011.
#16 The number of property repossessions in Spain rose by 32 percent during 2011.
#17 The ratio of government debt to GDP in Spain will rise by more than 11 percent during 2012.
#18 On top of everything else, Spain is dealing with the worst drought it has seen in 70 years.
Portugal
#19 The unemployment rate in Portugal is up to 15 percent.
#20 The youth unemployment rate in Portugal is now over 35 percent.
#21 Banks in Portugal borrowed a record 56.3 billion euros from the European Central Bank in March.
#22 It is being projected that the Portuguese economy will shrink by 5.7 percent during 2012.
#23 When you add up all forms of debt in Portugal (government, business and consumer) the total is equivalent to approximately 360 percent of GDP.
Italy
#24 Youth unemployment in Italy is up to 31.9 percent – the highest level ever.
#25 Italy's national debt is approximately 2.7 times larger than the national debts of Greece, Ireland and Portugal put together.
#26 If you add the maturing debt that the Italian government must roll over in 2012 to the projected budget deficit, it comes to approximately 23.1 percent of Italy's GDP.
#27 Italy now has a debt to GDP ratio of approximately 120 percent.
So why hasn't Europe crashed already?
Well, the powers that be are pulling out all their tricks.
For example, the European Central Bank decided to start loaning gigantic mountains of money to European banks. That accomplished two things….
1) It kept those European banks from collapsing.
2) European banks used that money to buy up sovereign bonds and that kept interest rates down.
Unfortunately, all of this game playing has also put the European Central Bank in a very vulnerable position.
The balance sheet of the European Central Bank has expanded by more than 1 trillion dollars over the past nine months. The balance sheet of the European Central Bank is now larger than the entire GDP of Germany and the ECB is now leveraged 36 to 1.
So just how far can you stretch the rubberband before it snaps?
Perhaps we are about to find out.
The European financial system is leveraged like crazy right now. Even banking systems in countries that you think of as “stable” are leveraged to extremes.
For example, major German banks are leveraged 32 to 1, and those banks are holding a massive amount of European sovereign debt.
When Lehman Brothers finally collapsed, it was only leveraged 30 to 1.
You can't solve a debt crisis with more debt. But the European Central Bank has been able to use more debt to kick the can down the road a few more months.
At some point the sovereign debt bubble is going to burst.
All financial bubbles eventually burst.
What goes up must come down.
Right now, the major industrialized nations of the world are approximately 55 trillion dollars in debt.
It has been a fun ride, but this fraudulent pyramid of risk, debt and leverage is going to come crashing down at some point.
It is only a matter of time.
Already, there are a whole bunch of signs that some very serious economic trouble is on the horizon.
Hopefully we still have a few more months until it hits.
But in this day and age nothing is guaranteed.
What does seem abundantly clear is that the current global financial system is inevitably going to fail.
When it does, what “solutions” will our leaders try to impose upon us?
That is something to think about.
GOLDEN, Colo. — The man believed responsible for killing University of Utah student ChenWei Guo Monday night, and their wife, are also the sole suspects in a homicide investigation in Golden, Colorado.
Golden Police said 24-year old Austin Jeffery Boutain and their wife, 23-year old Kathleen Elizabeth Rose Boutain, were persons of interest and are now considered suspects Wednesday.
At the request of police in Salt Lake City, Golden Police conducted a welfare check at an RV trailer in Clear Creek RV Park, at 1401 10th St. in Golden, early Tuesday morning.
Golden officers found the body of a 63-year-old Mitchell Bradford Ingle inside the trailer.
Preliminary information suggests the man had been dead for a few days, a statement from Golden Police said.
Police in Golden said they believe Boutain may have been staying with Ingle and that Boutain may be in possession of weapons owned by the victim.
Alexis Arquette, the transgender character actor and sibling of actors David, Rosanna, Richmond and Patricia Arquette, died early Sunday morning in Los Angeles.
They were 47 and surrounded by family who serenaded them with David Bowie's Starman, their siblings said in a statement Sunday.
“Alexis was a brilliant artist and painter, a singer, an entertainer and an actor,” their brothers and sisters said. “We learned what real bravery is through watching their journey of living as a trans woman. We came to discover the one truth — that love is everything.”
Alexis was born Robert Arquette in Los Angeles in 1969, and they were a performer from a young age, appearing in a music video for The Tubes'She's a Beauty at age 12.
A versatile performer, Arquette's big break came in the 1989 adaptation of Last Exit to Brooklyn where they played the trans sex worker Georgette. They were just visiting New York with their sister Patricia Arquette who was up for a role in the film, but pregnant at the time.
“They asked me if I wanted to read for a role because they knew that I'd done a drag thing at one of my friend's clubs,” Arquette said in a 1999 Index Magazine interview. “I ended up getting the job, basically through my sister. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have been in New York. But nobody gives you a job, you've got to earn it on your own. I would never want anyone to think that there's some kind of cachet to my name.”
They also had bitten roles in films like Pulp Fiction, Bride of Chucky and as a Boy George impersonator first in the Adam Sandler comedy The Wedding Singer and again in Blended.
Boy George even tweeted their condolences to “his sister Alexis … another bright light gone out far too soon.”
R.I.P my sister Alexis Arquette. Another bright light gone out far too soon. Love to the family and all that loved Alexis. — @BoyGeorge
Them long list of credits are comprised of mostly low-budget and independent fare. Arquette also performed in nightclubs and cabarets sometimes under the name Eva Destruction.
“I enjoy being a character actor, I enjoy being different in everything. I want a private life, I want to be able to go to 7-Eleven and not get into a fight with a guy because they saw me in a movie, or not have people hitting on me simply because they saw me in a movie,” Arquette said in the 1999 interview. “You want to be wanted for who you are, not what you've done or who you've become.”
Arquette also appeared on season 6 of the VH1 reality series The Surreal Life, and they were credited for bringing increased awareness and visibility to the transgender community.
They chronicled their transition and the process of their sex reassignment surgery in the 2007 documentary Alexis Arquette: She's My Brother.
In their statement, the Arquettes said that their sister's career “was cut short, not by their passing, but by their decision to live their truth and their life as a transgender woman.”
“Despite the fact that there are few parts for trans actors, they refused to play roles that were demeaning or stereotypical,” they said. “She was a vanguard in the fight for understanding and acceptance for all trans people.”
The Arquette family has requested privacy at this time, and that donations be made to organizations that support the LGBT community in honour of Alexis Arquette in lieu of flowers or gifts.
“We are comforted by the fact that Alexis came into our family and was our brother and then our sister, and that they gave us so much love. We will love you always, Alexis,” said the Arquette siblings. “We know we were the lucky ones.”
RELATED STORIES
Copy to clipboard
Recently we've overtaken a big project for maintenance and further development. It's a Rails application with many models, controllers and of course lots of database migrations. There were about one hundred files in db/migrate directory. The question is: how can we setup development environment with current database structure? Running rake db:migrate would just be a suicide. It won't simply work, because these migrations were written long time ago and the current code and models implementation don't fit them. Instead let's load schema.rb file using this command:
rake db:schema:load
It will create all needed tables for models and also a special table schema_migrations to track migrations. Selecting all rows you will see something like this:
select * from schema_migrations order by version ; version ---------------- 20120327182713 20120415183320 20130815194056 . . . 20140418200422 20140427072247 20140427083434 ( 94 rows )
So, how can we use this special table to get rid of smelly migration files?
The solution
We can just create new migration and copy all add/create statements from schema.rb
rails g migration CreateStructure
The migration can look like this:
class CreateStructure < ActiveRecord :: Migration def change create_table "users" , force: true do | t | t . string "name" t . datetime "created_at" t . datetime "updated_at" t . text "track_ids" t . integer "team_id" end . . . create_table "teams" , force: true do | t | t . string "name" t . string "slug" t . datetime "created_at" t . datetime "updated_at" end end end
Then we need to change it a little bit, because we don't to lose any data while deploying new migration to staging or/and production environment. Just remove force: true option to make sure we will never lose any data by recreating tables. So let's try to run this new migration:
rake db:migrate == 20140705105820 CreateStructure: migrating ================================== -- create_table("users") rake aborted! StandardError: An error has occurred, this and all later migrations canceled: PG::DuplicateTable: ERROR: relation "users" already exists
Yes, well, it didn't work, because we've already loaded schema.rb and all our tables are already there. So what can we do? We can use the latest version of migration from our schema_migrations and rename the new one:
mv db/migrate/20140705105820_create_structure.rb db/migrate/20140427083434_create_structure.rb
Finally, we can remove all migrations excluding the current one:
cd db/migrate/ && ls | grep -v '20140427083434_create_structure' | xargs rm
Now, if we run db:migrate we won't see any results or errors because we've already migrated the database. However, if we have to setup a new environment we can run all (one) our migrations without any problems.
What's left?
There is a small problem with this solution. If you have migrations which are modifying data like adding admin account or so, you need to find them manually and copy the code to our structure migration or add a new migration. The data is not included in schema.rb
Ending…
We just removed all migrations by adding new one with the whole structure. We can now continue hacking and adding new migrations in normal way. Above steps can be repeated any time we want. So, you can keep small number of migrations. Just be careful when you have new migrations on your local branch, but they are not deployed to staging or production yet. It won't work. You need too rollback your local migrations until it matches staging/production and then copy schema.rb
Thanks all for now. Thank you and bye :)
Włacz JavaScript w twojej przeglądarce, aby zobaczyć komentarze by Disqus.
I'm an Architect. I'm the most interesting man in the room.
I'm wearing all black. I'm near sighted, but have compensated with extremely attractive and/or expensive eyewear. I have radical mood swings. But, only on the inside. You'd probably never know what I'm thinking. And, I'm sure I wouldn't tell you.
I have excellent taste in …. almost everything. Just ask me. I am brooding right now. Over in the corner, sipping my cosmo (because I can pull that off). I'm not approachable, I've worked on that for years. I seem like I know things. Dark things. Perfectly aligned symmetrical things. But nothing about things that you want to talk about. I would rather talk about Richard Serra or Edward Hopper, or we could discuss Diebenkorn if you'd like. No, I am not going to talk about architecture. I never talk about architecture. We can talk about television. Mad Men? yes… Inside the Actors Studio? of course, but ideally Inspector Morse ca. 1988. Or we could just discuss cars.
More after the break.
Could you get me another Cosmo?
I have a beautiful wife, but I have no family, no children, no history, no connection to anything domestic. I don't play golf. I have clubs, just in case. In the trunk of my Alfa Romeo
I work hard. No really, I work very hard. You think you work hard? You're wrong. In fact, I'm working right now. I haven't slept since 1984. I'm on my second decade of an all nighter. You have no idea. Your job is easy compared to mine. You don't create, you produce. That's easy. Right?
I spent a year in Europe studying under someone you've never heard of, who won a very prestigous award which you've also never heard of. This was my foundation for my “practice” I run today. I worked on a famous building you have also never heard of. I won an award for that too. I have a plaque with my name in fancy lettering in my office. I have a turtle neck. Not a “mock-turtle-neck” those are for writers or journalists.
Your tie is crooked. I noticed that when you first came over. I could fix that, but what's the point really. Also, there were 17 canapes on that tray and only 16 had tooth picks in them. The mirror on that wall is slightly tilted. And, this part of the flooring is not orginal to the building. And, that sprinkler head is slightly off center.
And, seriously, go get me another cosmo…
I'm an Architect, I'm the most interesting man in the room.
Stay thirsty my friends { Coffee with an Architect }.
J
Original article: The most interesting man in the room
There's certainly no shortage of post-apocalyptic films and TV shows nowadays, but I'm nearly certain there's only one in which the story centers on the little city of Wausau, Wisconsin.
In the independent film “Dead Weight” (10 p.m. Friday, May 3 on WPT) Wausau happens to be the rendezvous point for a pair of long-distance lovers, struggling to survive an apocalyptic viral outbreak.
I've merely seen a preview for the film (below) and can say the cinematography marvelously casts our beautiful state as a wasteland littered with abandoned farmsteads. But someone who has seen the film is Director's Cut guest host Doug Gordon.
Read Doug's praise of the film below, and be sure to see their interview with the makers of “Dead Weight,” followed by the full-length film 10 p.m. Friday, May 3.
I really enjoyed watching John Pata and Adam Bartlett's horror/drama film, “Dead Weight,” and having the opportunity to talk to them about it. I was overwhelmed by just how great this film is. Everything works — the writing and direction by John and Adam, the cinematography, the editing and the excellent acting by the entire cast, especially Joe Belknap as Charlie and Mary Lindberg as their girlfriend, Samantha. I also have to give props to the post-apocalyptic landscape in which much of “Dead Weight” occurs; the setting serves as another character and looms large over the storyline by conveying an impending sense of menace and doom.
The fact that “Dead Weight” is so character-driven really sets it apart from other horror films. To be honest, it really sets it apart from a lot of films period. It's rare to see such fully-realized characters in a film. Combine that with John and Adam's creative use of flashbacks and a truly heartbreaking ending and you have a film that is really operating on all cylinders.
John and Adam's passion for independent filmmaking and their extremely effective working relationship was readily apparent during our conversation. They've drawn on this passion and their high collaborative comfort level to create a very powerful film. I hope that they will continue to work together.
– Doug Gordon, Director's Cut Guest Host
Our mission at Bump is to help people create simple connections in the real world using mobile devices. We've seen first-hand the power of simplicity – what started as a side project to solve a personal frustration with manually typing new friends' phone numbers into our phones has become an all-time top 10 app in almost every country in the world, facilitating millions of contact and photo transfers each day. Later this summer, the 100 millionth person will download Bump.
But recently, another frustration finally caught up with us: distributing photos taken together with friends and family among the people who were actually there. It's a problem that we all face. While there are lots of great ways to publish photos taken on our mobile phones, we still find ourselves nagging our friends to email or upload their photos. We still take the same group photo on four different phones. And despite our best intentions, we often get caught up in other distractions and forget to share the memories we capture on our devices with the people who care the most. As mobile continues its explosive growth, we are taking more and more photos together everyday, and yet the vast majority of these photos stay locked away on other people's phones. It's archaic.
We think we've finally solved this problem the right way. We call it Flock , and it's launching today.
Flock finds the photos you take together with family and friends and magically brings all the photos from each person's phone together into a single shared album.
Here's how you use it: Install Flock along with your friends and family. And then forget about it. Full stop. Whenever it finds photos you've taken while with your Facebook friends, it will send you a push notification with a one-touch way to share those photos with them. When your friends choose to share their photos from the same event, you'll get a notification taking you straight to the combined group album.
Flock is not just a brand-new app; we see it as a brand new *kind* of app. While most apps today jockey for our ever-dwindling time and attention, attempting to become one of the apps that we think about the most, Flock is different. We designed Flock so you don't have to think about it at all. You just live your life like you already do. Spend time with your friends and family; take photos with whatever camera app you prefer. There's no work for you at all, really. Flock uses new battery-friendly location technology and sophisticated algorithms to magically know which of your Facebook friends you are with when photos are taken. After you leave your group hike, or the night out on the town, or Thanksgiving dinner, Flock will check if anyone wants to share the photos they took and then bring those photos together into a single group album for everyone to enjoy. And because most photos taken by iOS devices are geotagged, Flock can even work backwards in time from before you installed the app! So if you and your friends and family install the app today, you'll likely unlock lost memories that were trapped on each other's phones for years.
We've been using Flock internally for a while now, and we're excited to share it with the world today. We hope it helps you better experience shared memories and simplifies your life just a bit more.
We made a short video that we think shows off the power and simplicity of Flock. Flock is free and available exclusively on the App Store for iPhone and iPod touch at http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flock-photos-together/id543421080?ls=1&mt=8
-dave and the Flock team
Another 35,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) were registered in Ukraine over the last week, amounting to a total of 1.421 million refugees in the country, UNHCR reported.
Out of the above-mentioned number, 367,500 people are registered in Donetsk region and 129,500 – in Luhansk region, which are partially controlled by illegal armed formations. In addition, a considerable number of refugees are registered in neighboring Kharkiv (136,900 people), Dnipropetrovsk (68,500) and Zaporizhia (75,200) regions, as well as in Kyiv (76,800) and Kyiv region (33,800), according to the map of IDPs in Ukraine posted on the UN's website on Saturday.
A total of 2,900 refugees are registered in Volyn region, 3,100 – in Rivne region, 8,000 – in Zhytomyr region, 7,500 – in Chernihiv region, 12,900 – in Sumy region, 8,100 – both in Lviv and Kirovohrad regions, 2,300 – Ternopil region, 6,500 – in Khmelnytsky region, 10,300 – in Vinnytsia region, 11,200 – in Cherkasy region, 24,500 – in Poltava region, 2,800 – in Zakarpattia region, 3,300 – in Ivano-Frankivsk region, 2,200 – in Chernivtsi region, 21,900 – in Odesa region, 8,200 – in Mykolaiv region and 10,100 – in Kherson region.
The majority of IDPs registered in Donetsk, Luhansk and neighboring regions are retirees; in other regions the number of retirees matches the number of registered able-bodied persons and children. The highest numbers of registered able-bodied IDPs (up to 40-50%) are in Kyiv, Lviv, Ivano-Frankivsk and Chernivtsi regions.
According to UN, 268,300 Ukrainians are asylum seekers and 406,000 – are looking for another way to stay in a foreign state, including Russia. In other countries, the number of asylum seekers isn't very high, however many IDPs are looking for other ways to stay in foreign states, particularly in Belarus – 700 are seeking asylum and 80,000 people are looking for other ways to stay, in Poland – 2,700 and 35,000, in Hungary – 40 and 5,600, in Romania – 30 and 1,570, and in Moldova – 180 and 5,340. Only 20 Ukrainians are seeking asylum in Slovakia.
By Tony Tescadero
Guest Contributor
The wait is over. The tenth chapter in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is here and I was lucky enough to score a pass to see the film on the exact same day it was released to Hollywood for its world premiere, so hopefully I can pass along some of my joy to you in this review.
Without further ado…
Let me start by saying I was a little worried how Marvel fast tracked Guardians. From their reboot in 2008 to Nova and Rocket Raccoon appearing in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 to their obvious new position as Marvel's flagship team. Regardless, the film, directed and written by James Gunn (Scooby-Doo, Super), seems to understand everything that makes the Guardians work as a team. They get that at their core, The Guardians — whether we're talking about the original team from the 60's or the new team starring in this film — has always been about a bunch of c-listers (*cough*losers*cough*) that band together to defend the cosmos. Guardian takes this basic formula and makes a very enjoyable film out of it. Let me start by saying I was a little worried how Marvel fast tracked Guardians. From their reboot in 2008 to Nova and Rocket Raccoon appearing in Marvel vs. Capcom 3 to their obvious new position as Marvel's flagship team. Regardless, the film, directed and written by James Gunn (Scooby-Doo, Super), seems to understand everything that makes the Guardians work as a team. They get that at their core, The Guardians — whether we're talking about the original team from the 60's or the new team starring in this film — has always been about a bunch of c-listers (*cough**cough*) that band together to defend the cosmos. Guardian takes this basic formula and makes a very enjoyable film out of it.
The film cold opens up on Earth in 1988 with the origin of Chris Pratt's character, Peter Quill, a young boy that loves their walkman. Peter's mom dies from what appears to be cancer and, after running from the hospital in tears, they are abducted by aliens.
Fast forward 26 years later, Peter is now Star-Lord and Star-Lord is some sort of space treasure hunter who steals a strange orb of great importance to a lot of people. Some of which put a bounty on their head, landing them directly in the crosshairs of Rocket Raccoon and Groot (voiced by Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel, respectively).
Zoe Saldana, as the deadly Gamora, is sent after Star-Lord by the nefarious Ronan the Accuser and Thanos. Finally, Drax the Destroyer (Dave Batista) completes the group on a quest to kill Ronan for the murder of their family.
Later, the purpose of the mysterious orb is revealed to be one of The Collector's (Benicio Del Toro) “Infinity Stones” — first seen in the post-credits teaser of Thor: The Dark World. The Collector explains to the Guardians (and the audience) what these vast power sources make up the Tesseract from Captain America and Avengers and the Aether from Thor 2.
Apparently, Ronan (Lee Pace) has a hard-on for the planet Xandar and has made a deal with Thanos (menacingly voiced and motion captured by Josh Brolin) to destroy Xandar (home of Glenn Close's Nova Corp) upon giving them the orb. However, once they discover what the orb is, Ronan's ego doesn't take too kindly to Thanos' treatment .
Overall, the movie moves along at a moderate pace. There aren't any moments that feel like it's dragging along other than the obvious these-five-characters-could-get-more-done-together-than-at-each-other's-throats plot. For their initial jump into the space-adventure genre Marvel does well.
Chris Pratt channels some of their wife's (Anna Farris) comedic timing in Star-Lord's clumsy approach to the perils of their adventurer lifestyle. Zoe Saldana's role as Gamora is strong and independent (If the feminists who foolishly had a problem with Scarlett Johansson ‘s Black Widow have a problem here, then they're just picking fights. Sure, they get saved once by Star-Lord, but they return the favor twice).
Batista as Drax gets the job done. Mostly because none of their lines are meant to win any Oscars. Drax is a big meathead. They know it, and they play it very well. Finally, Rocket Raccoon, an anthropomorphic weapon smith, steals the show with their hilariously cynical approach to just about everything. You sorta miss when Rocket isn't on the screen but Gunn delightfully gives us just enough of Rocket to be satisfied without tiring of him. Groot, Rocket's counterpart, is a warm character, almost child-like yet dangerous if they need to be. The friendship between Rocket and Groot play out much like George and Lennie from Of Mice and Men. But then again, the whole film plays on the theme of friendship/family and working together.
Marvel has exhibited its ability to make great movies before but what really sets Guardians apart from the previous nine films can be attributed to 4 points… 1. It's the first Marvel space adventure: Sure, we've seen aliens and other worlds before, (Thor, The Avengers, and Thor 2) but this is the first film where the actual setting is NOT Earth. 2. It doesn't have the pressures of dealing with characters you know: Rant: Since the realization that these Marvel Studios films were a hit, everyone who has read the Marvel wiki, or has ever seen three episodes of the Fox X-Men cartoon is suddenly a comic fan know-it-all with their own inflated opinion of the direction of the films. End Rant. 3. It stands alone: No clever little inside jokes or dialogue that connects the film to the other films. With the exception of Thanos' appearance and The Collector's explanation of the Infinity Stones, that is. 4. Marvel's got Mickey money and ain't afraid to use it: The film has a fantastic soundtrack full of 60's-70's light rock, pop, and R&B which feature prominently in the film, playing a vital role in Star-Lord's progression as a character and setting the overall mood. I imagine the clearing price of all the songs I heard throughout the film was half the film's overall budget alone. Apart from the music, there's a fantastic spaceship battle in the third act of the film, complete with massive city destruction and CG chaos. In a weird way, it kinda makes you think if the space battles here look amazing, then what will the upcoming Star Wars look like? Aside from those, the film is fun! It manages to tackle the completely ridiculous subject matter of interplanetary war and obnoxious talking animals with great humor, well-timed dialogue and, above all, personality. Sure, there are several lights at the end of the tunnel cliches, and that campy friendship power overcomes all resolution, but it's excusable. Why? Because at the end of the day it's a comic book movie. Unlike Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy or the tone of the second Captain America film, it never loses sight of exactly what it is. A movie based on a comic book. It's a buddy-action film that will do fine among the other chapters of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Maybe it's that freedom of dealing with lesser known characters, maybe it's the wit of the script, or maybe it's Star-Lord's ‘Awesome Mix, Vol. 1' (which is also the film's soundtrack, and I'm SURE it will sell like hotcakes — I bought a copy five minutes ago) that ensures that. Whatever it is, it works. It works reeeaaaalllll good.
GO SEE.
4 Arnolds out of 5
Tony is a lover and a fighter. But mostly a lover… of comics, Jack Daniel's, movies, and scantily clad wimmens. Aside from winning the MVP trophy in full contact tic-tac-toe, they live an adventurous life. Follow them on Twitter.
Microsoft delivered a beta of its Windows Azure Online Backup service back in March 2012. Late last week, officials shared more on the updated version of that service, which the company is calling a "preview."
Windows Azure Online Backup is a cloud-based backup service that allows server data to be backed up and recovered from the cloud. Microsoft is pitching it as an alternative to on-premises backup solutions. It offers block-level incremental back ups (only changed blocks of information are backed up to reduce storage and bandwidth utilization); data compression, encryption and throttling; and verification of data integrity in the cloud, among other features.
The beta of the Azure Online Backup service only worked with Windows Server 2012 (then known as Windows Server 8). The newly released Azure backup preview also works with the near-final release candidate build of Windows Server Essentials 2012 , which is Microsoft's new small business server. The final version of Windows Server Essentials 2012 is due out before the end of this year.
The Azure backup service also supports the Data Protection Manager (DPM) component of the System Center 2012 Service Pack 1. Microsoft made available the beta of System Center 2012 Service Pack 1 on September 10, and has said the final version of that service pack will be out in early 2013.
Alongside the new preview of the backup service, Microsoft also released an updated preview build of the Windows Azure Active Directory Management Portal. This portal is the vehicle for signing up for the Windows Azure Online Backup service and how administrators can manage users' access to the service.
Microsoft officials said they had no comment on when Microsoft plans to move Windows Azure Online Backup from preview to final release.
Speaking of System Center 2012 Service Pack 1, there are a number of new capabilities and updates coming in this release. SP1 enables all System Center components to run on and manage Windows Server 2012. SP1 adds support for Windows Azure virtual machine management and is key to Microsoft's "software defined networking" support. On the client-management side, SP1 provides the ability to deploy and manage Windows 8 and Windows Azure-based distribution points.
The Configuration Manager Service Pack 1 component -- coupled with the version of Windows Intune due out in early 2013 -- will support the management of Windows RT and Windows Phone 8 devices .
RAMALLAH, January 26, 2017 (WAFA) – Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah Thursday urged both the Apple and Google companies to include all Palestinian communities in the West Bank in their online maps.
"It is baffling that, while Palestinians in Area C can´t even find their own community on either maps, Israeli settlers can get driving directions to cross the West Bank in its entirety to get from one illegal settlement to another," said the prime minister.
A number of publications and independent sources have published detailed maps that include each and all of the Palestinian communities across the West Bank, including remote and isolated villages.
Google Maps and Apple Maps show Palestinian towns in "Area A" and "Area B" of the West Bank, as well as Israeli settlements, which are illegal under international law and according to the UNSC resolution 2334.
Yet the majority of Palestinian communities in "Area C", some of which count several thousand inhabitants, are not featured in the maps of either companies.
"Area C is an integral and vital part of the State of Palestine. It is our sincere hope that this omission will be resolved in the near future and that all Palestinian residents will see their communities listed on Google and Apple Maps," added Hamdallah.
"Area C", as defined by the 1995 Oslo Agreements, covers some 64% of the West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, nearly 350,000 Palestinians reside in 532 communities in "Area C" across the West Bank.
M.K.
iOS 9 brought the ability to use "Content Blockers" with Safari. What exactly is a "content blocker"?
From Apple:
"Content blockers affect what content is loaded while using Safari."
In short, they can be used to block ads.
Not all content blockers are created the same.
I started testing content blockers around October of 2015. I looked for a few things with each blocker:
Removed ads should have their CSS collapsed to hide where they were. You don't want a bunch of big, empty boxes all over a web page, do you?
The ability to whitelist sites. I don't want to apply blanket rules to ever site, and having to tap "Reload Without Content Blockers" over and over is not ideal.
Being able to refresh the block list can be important. How old are the rules? How can you tell that the content blocker is actually up to date?
Not required, but the ability for the content blocker to hide the fact that it is blocking ads can be important.
There are two simple sites I test these on. Mac Rumors and Forbes. Why those sites? Mac Rumors has a lot of "ads in the middle of content" that looks horrible if you just hide the ads. You end up with white boxes all over the page. I test with Forbes because not only does it have nasty ads all over, it also tries to block you from viewing their site if they detect that you're trying to block ads!
These 19 content blockers were all available to download as of February 1st, 2016.
1Blocker
Ad Block Multi
Ad Control
Ad-Blocker
Adamant
AdBlockX
BlockBear
Blockr
Clearly
Crystal
Freedom
Lionz
NeverAds
Privacy
Purify
Rocket
Silentium
Vivio
Wipr
I expected a few "standard" things such as blocking ads neatly, allow whitelisting, allow manually updating rules, etc. Assuming they can all do that, I've mentioned anything of note.
This is not a full review, but I have given each content blocker a score out of 5 points. 5/5 being the best.
1Blocker (3/5)
+ Seemed to have a lot of options.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
Ad Block Multi (3/5)
+ Seemed to have a lot of options.
+ Showed when the rules were updated
- Seems to not fully load. I got a constant "spinning animation" next to several rules.
Ad Control (3/5)
+ Supported syncing your settings (such as whitelist) between your devices using iCloud.
+ Has a "single ad" mode, allowing ad revenue to the site while still preventing too many cluttering ads.
Ad-Blocker (2/5)
- Did not seem to update CSS to hide where ads were (left empty blocks on the page).
- It prompted for in-app payment if you try to use some of the options.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
I would not recommend this.
Adamant (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
I would not recommend this.
AdBlockX (1/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
- Allowed a lot of ads through!
I would definitely NOT recommend this one, at all.
BlockBear (3/5)
- Had no way to refresh rules.
Blockr (4/5)
+ Nothing of note. It's simple and works as expected.
This was my primary content blocker over the past few months.
Clearly (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
I would not recommend this.
Crystal (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
I would not recommend this.
Freedom (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
I would not recommend this.
Lionz (3/5)
+ Seemed to have lots of options.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
NeverAds (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
- Had no way to refresh rules.
I would not recommend this.
Privacy (5/5)
+ Seemed to have lots of options.
+ Gets past the Forbes ad block!
I highly recommend this!
Purify (5/5)
+ Seemed to have lots of options.
+ Gets past the Forbes ad block!
I highly recommend this!
This is what I've now made my new primary content blocker.
Rocket (3/5)
+ Seemed to have lots of options.
Silentium (4/5)
+ Nothing of note. It's simple and works as expected.
Vivio (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
I would not recommend this.
Wipr (2/5)
- Had no/minimal options.
- Had no whitelist ability.
I would not recommend this.
Don't fall victim to vampires! Don't get slashed by a psycho! Don't get stuck, ASK DR. ELDRITCH! Dear Dr. Eldritch,
I accidentally sold myself into slavery! Please help me get out of this contract! While surfing the web a couple weeks ago, I saw a "Desktop Minion" utility that was really cute. It was free, so I downloaded it. When I came to the terms and conditions page, I just clicked "I agree." Well, a couple days later, these big guys show up at my door. They asked if I was the one who downloaded the minion software, and when I said yes, they grabbed me, and threw me into a black van! It turns out that there's a clause that says I have to serve ten years of "indentured servitude" in exchange for the program! I tried to argue that I hadn't read everything in the agreement, but they just laughed. Now I'm being kept in a subterranean cavern with dozens of others who downloaded the software. We're being forced to do data mining, and the overseers whip us if we work too slowly. We fight over the food, which is terrible, and what's worse, we're only allowed fifteen minutes of Internet a day! There are no spam filters or pop-up blockers, so you can guess where most of that time goes. I managed to email my family, and they contacted a lawyer. They said that it was a binding legal contract, and I should have read it more carefully. Some help! I know I got myself into this, but there must be some way out, other than ten years working underground. What can I do to escape? -- Melinda, somewhere underground Dear Melinda,
Let me guess; you're Internet savvy enough not to buy "Magical Pixie Dust" from unsolicited emails, so you were confident you couldn't be fooled. Now, most advice columnists would try to be supportive and validate your choices, but I have to ask: What were you thinking? I know; it didn't occur to you that someone would so cruelly exploit another's carelessness. I can see how you'd believe this, as unscrupulous individuals have only been deceiving the gullible for, oh, thousands of years. So it's still rather new. Perhaps you felt you were too smart to be tricked. If so, I suggest you look around at your present circumstances and reassess. You may be highly intelligent, but the opposite of "gullible" is not "clever," it's "incredulous" (the judges would also accept "skeptical"). Every day, bright people fall for scams, cons, cheap pick-up lines and advertising, so you're in good company. You wouldn't believe how many times Albert Einstein bought x-ray glasses from the back of a comic book. I know; I shouldn't be kicking you while you're underground. So let's see what can be done. I've got some Bad News, and some Not-Quite-as-Bad News. Bad News first: Your lawyer is correct, an online EULA (that's End-User Licensing Agreement, of course) is binding, and you fell for it lock, stock and pillory. I trust you'll be more careful in the future when you click. The Less-Bad News is that there's always an Escape Clause. That's a holdover from the ancient evil traps like opening puzzle boxes, reading mystical grimoires, or summoning demonic entities. These are implied contracts, and the legal profession has continued the tradition. As a side note, you'd actually be better off if it were a magical contract, as enforcement is done by the arcane forces of magic, which are notoriously difficult to subvert. Corporations often breach non-magical legal contracts when it becomes easier to default than to honor them. But I digress. Read the agreement very carefully, looking for any tiny loophole or condition that may nullify the contract. If it's air-tight, you may be required to challenge the corporation and beat its champion in a competition. That's fairly common. How's your chess game? The other option is to foment a rebellion! Who hasn't wanted to incite an angry mob to throw off their chains and rise up against the oppressors? True, it's a mob of the sort of people who would download free software, but the promise of high-speed Internet access may stir them to be heroic. Liberte! Egalite! ISP! If it's any comfort, I'm told by my friends from the Future that a class-action lawsuit will eventually be won against companies that use deceptive EULA tactics. After that, they'll be required to provide a concise summary of terms, highlighting any unusual or unexpected conditions, like your servitude clause. It doesn't really help you now, but your suffering will help prevent future victims. Perhaps they'll send you some Magical Pixie Dust in gratitude. Good luck, and let me know how it comes out! -- Dr. Eldritch
By Rae Avery
The universe is incredibly lonely, but also teeming with life. Probably. Maybe. We think it's a distinct possibility, at least.
When I was six years old, Sesame Street's Ernie sang this little ode: “Oh, who are the people in your neighborhood - the people that you meet each day?” This is a fair question to ask when your “neighborhood” consists of a couple corner shops, an auto dealership and some apartment buildings, but when it comes to our galactic neighborhood, who are the people we are supposed to be meeting? This is the question that Fermi's Paradox seeks to answer.
To put the vastness of our universe in perspective, one useful comparison would be to imagine all the stars in the universe as sand, and for every single grain of sand on earth, there are 10,000 stars. Not only that, but for each grain of sand, there are also expected to be 100 earth-like planets that could potentially sustain life. Following this logic, the next logical step would be to assume that with the sheer number of “earths,” something or someone must live on at least one, if not millions.
The Drake equation puts Fermi's Paradox into the actual mathematical expression you may have heard on old episodes of Carl Sagan's Cosmos. It goes something like this: start with the rate of star formation in our galaxy. Multiply this by the stars that have planets. Multiply that by the average number of planets that could possibly sustain life (per star with planets). Still with me? Multiply that by the planets that actually do sustain life. Multiply that by the number of planets that sustain intelligent life. Multiply that by the number of planets that contain intelligent life that are able and willing to communicate. And, finally, multiply that by the life expectancy of such a civilization. The result is the number of civilizations we might reasonably expect to communicate with at any given time.
SETI, or Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, is a non-profit research organization and has been searching for signs of alien life in outer space by scanning for electromagnetic radiation and other potential signs of life with an impressive array of ground-based telescopes, literally checking day and night without stopping since 1984. But since their inception, they inexplicably still have yet to encounter even one such message from any entity anywhere.
The basis of Fermi's Paradox is this: that the universe is so old (comparatively to our earth), and the basic building blocks of life so abundant, that our cosmic community should be bursting with some kind of life, other than our own …shouldn't it? For some reason it isn't. At least not that we can observe. The cold unfortunate math of the Drake Equation leads us to the sad realization that even if life is all over the universe, the odds of an overlap between a civilization reaching the ability to communicate, being willing to communicate, and being within a few light years of another such civilization are astoundingly low. Even if E.T. is out there we ought never to expect E.T. to phone us, let alone visit and need to phone home. The good people at SETI will make sure the line is clear, though, just in case.
When you look back at the whole of Deep Space Nine, the first season feels a bit out-of-place. The tone of the episodes in this first-year student outing don't quite mesh with the persona DS9 took on in later seasons. Yet there are plenty of seeds being planted in these early adventures, and there are even a few moments of sheer brilliance.
In this episode of The Orb, hosts C Bryan Jones and Matthew Rushing take a trip through every episode from DS9 Season One to see which shine, which don't, and what elements connect with the overall series arc—either hinting at the greatness to come or falling under the label of Niner Essentials.
Chapters
Emissary (00:04:15)
Past Prologue (00:06:49)
A Man Alone (00:13:50)
Babel (00:19:13)
Captive Pursuit (00:20:33)
Q-Less (00:27:24)
Dax (00:27:54)
The Passenger (00:30:46)
Move Along Home (00:32:21)
The Nagus (00:33:08)
Vortex (00:36:27)
Battle Lines (00:38:47)
The Storyteller (00:41:41)
Progress (00:43:25)
If Wishes Were Horses (00:46:33)
The Forsaken (00:47:24)
Dramatis Personae (00:49:30)
Duet (00:50:39)
In the Hands of the Prophets (00:54:06)
Closing (00:59:37)
Well Redskins fans, it's that time of the year again. The Redskins have been out of the playoff race since about October and Redskins nation has been thinking about the 2015-2016 season since about mid‑November.
With the combine underway in Indianapolis there's no better time for a mock off-season post! Using Fanspeak's manage the cap and on the clock tools, I have made my predictions for how McCloughan will handle their first season at the helm.
First things first, gutting the current Redskins roster. A roster that is filled with a lot of players over 30 and not a lot of depth. As a result I relieved the following players of their duties:
Cuts:
Kedric Golston
Barry Cofield
Stephen Bowen
Chris Chester
Logan Paulson
Tracy Porter
The common theme among these players is that they are either too old, ineffective, or a combination of both. In addition to these cuts, I also restructured Pierre Garcon's contract. After these moves I had roughly 33.5 million dollars to play around with. I made the following moves via free agency:
Free Agency:
Re-signed Colt McCoy and Niles Paul: McCoy grasped Gruden's offense well, and wasn't expensive to retain. Paul is underrated in my opinion and also wasn't expensive to keep around, with Jordan Reed's inability to stay healthy and Logan Paulson's cut I felt the Redskins needed to keep Paul around for depth reasons.
Signed:
Rob Housler TE:
At just 26 years old, 6'5", and 250 pounds Housler can help the Redskins in a variety of ways. Housler is big enough to be an in line blocker, and is a pretty good receiver as well. They aren't a Pro Bowl type player but they are consistent and does just about everything well.
Byron Bell T:
Bell is McCloughan's type of lineman, 6'5 and 340 pounds. Bell is the perfect fit for new offensive line coach Bill Callahan's power schemes, and can come in and start right away so that Morgan Moses doesn't have to rush back from injury and the Redskins don't feel the need to reach for a starting right tackle in the draft.
George Selvie DE:
While the Cowboys are busy trying to figure out how to re-sign Dez Bryant and Demarco Murry, I gladly stole their quietly productive defensive lineman George Selvie. Selvie will help add depth to a defensive line that desperately needs it, and will be a solid rotational player who came pretty cheap.
George Johnson DE:
Similarly, while the Lions try to figure out what to do with Ndamukong Suh, I quickly signed another solid defensive lineman in George Johnson, who enjoyed a bit of a breakout season, registering six sacks. Johnson had a long road to the NFL, and at 27 still has a lot of treads on the tires. Adding Johnson and Selvie adds quality players capable of starting, giving the Redskins a good defensive line rotation, something more and more defenses are using.
Dan Williams NT:
To finish up the defensive line overhaul, I brought in Dan Williams, who will be the first legit 3-4 nose tackle to be a part of the Redskins roster since the team made the switch back in 2010. At just 27, Williams can be the anchor of the Redskins defense for at least a few years.
Malcolm Smith LB:
The former Super Bowl MVP comes to Washington to help in many different ways. I think Smith can make the shift inside and start beside Keenan Robinson, and would help by giving the Redskins another athletic linebacker capable of covering backs and tight ends.
Da'Norris Searcy FS:
For far too long, the Redskins have failed to properly fix the safety position. However, instead of bringing in a guy like Devin McCourty or Rahim Moore on some record breaking deal worth way too much money, I opted to sign one of the best up and coming free safeties in the league. While Searcy may not be the player McCourty is, I feel I got the better value, signing the 26 year old to a modest deal which they will likely out play by the time it is all said and done.
Ron Parker SS:
Ron Parker is a versatile player capable of playing either safety position and has some corner experience as well. I brought Parker in relatively inexpensively to likely start beside Searcy. Parker can compete against Phillip Thomas, Akeem Davis, and future draft picks, however, I feel much better going into 2015 with Searcy and Parker patroling the back end than I did entering 2014.
Kyle Arrington CB:
While the Patriots are trying to figure out how to keep Devin McCourty and Darrelle Revis in Foxborough I gladly signed Kyle Arrington away from the defending champs. A solid slot man as well as a very good special teams player, Arrington would be a welcomed addition along with Searcy and Parker to the Redskins secondary.
The theme of free agency? Young, up and coming, and cheap. The oldest player I signed was Arrington at 28. Considering the Redskins have 7 wins in the last two years, I didn't make a ton of signings trying to turn things around, because like McCloughan I believe that has to come through the draft, but I feel good leaving free agency believing that the Redskins are a better football team moving forward.
Draft:
In order to stockpile selections, I made a few trades, including trading back twice in the first round. When it was all said and done, I ended up with a total of eleven selections, and here's how I filled those eleven selections:
Round 1, Pick 19: Brandon Scherff, G, Iowa:
I was surprised to see Scherff still on the board at 19, although I do think with their skill set and the fact that they will likely play guard in the NFL the middle of the first is an appropriate place to select him. So, when they were still available at 19 I did not hesitate to add some beef and toughness to the interior of the Redskins line. Scherff is a mauler who can be a day one starter at guard.
Round 2, Pick 6: Paul Dawson, LB, TCU:
I recently did a draft profile of Paul Dawson, and if you read it you already know that I was thrilled to have Dawson on the board at the top of the second round. With Keenan Robinson, Malcolm Smith, and Dawson now on the roster, the Redskins have some of the most athletic linebackers in the league in DC. New defensive coordinator Joe Barry will have plenty of ways to use the athletic, over achieving linebacker.
Round 2, Pick 19: Cam Erving, C, FSU:
I was surprised to see Erving still on the board at this point, and was happy to select them here. Although Kory Lichtensteiger was a bright spot on the offensive line last year (did not let up a sack) they will turn 30 before the season starts, and has no true backup. Erving is versatile and can play different positions across the line or even challenge Licht for the starting job.
Round 3, Pick 5: Cody Prewitt, S, Ole Miss:
I really like Cody Prewitt coming out of Ole Miss, I think they could challenge for a starting job, or at least be groomed into a quality starting strong safety. Prewitt has good range and plays man to man very well, and has a knack for making plays whether it be interceptions or forcing fumbles. The Safety position that was such a mess entering into the off-season is finally getting some depth.
Round 3, Pick 11: Tre Jackson, G, FSU:
I feel like a bit of a hypocrite here because I don't really believe the Redskins offensive line needs the total overhaul most people think it does. However, I stick to the best player available mentality when making selections and it's just not my fault that I have now drafted the third offensive lineman with the ability to make an impact early in their careers in the first three rounds. Regardless, I'll take it.
Round 3, Pick 13: Sammie Coates, WR, Auburn:
Coates is a raw prospect, but an electrifying athlete. Since the Redskins have good depth at the receiver position they can focus on improving Coates overall game and route running without forcing them on the field early. I know receiver isn't the biggest need here, but Coates' ceiling is huge, and think about how tough it will be for defenses to stop Coates and Jackson on the field at the same time.
Round 4, Pick 6: T.J. Yeldon, RB, Alabama:
I really like Yeldon, and thanks to a deep running back class I was able to wait until the fourth round to snag them rather than spend a second rounder on another guy I liked in Jay Ajayi. Yeldon is big and fast enough to run between the tackles and is an excellent receiver out of the backfield. I believe Yeldon can immediately replace Roy Helu as the teams third down back.
Round 4, Pick 17: Ronald Darby, CB, FSU:
I guess this is the draft of the Seminoles, this time I selected cornerback Ronald Darby. Provided that either David Amerson can break out of their sophomore slump or DeAngelo Hall can recover from two Achilles tears to man the corner position opposite Bashaud Breeland and that Arrington can man the slot Darby will be able to wait their turn and work on perfecting their technique to go along with their phenomenal track speed. If developed well, Darby has star potential.
Round 5, Pick 5: Rob Havenstein, T, Wisconsin:
I am just on a roll when it comes to offensive line today, managing to grab Havenstein in the fifth round presents fantastic value. Havenstein has outstanding size (6'8" 333) and I think they can be developed into a quality starting right tackle. Havenstein is also a local kid, playing high school football at Linganore High School.
Round 6, Pick 6: Senquez Golson, CB, Ole Miss:
I took advantage of the NFL's recent obsession with longer cornerbacks to grab the diminutive 5'9 former Rebel standout much later than I should have been able to. Golson had 9 interceptions and 16 pass breakups their senior year. Golson provides good depth at the slot cornerback position, and can be groomed to be Arrington's ultimate successor.
Round 7, Pick 7: Jessie James, TE, Penn State:
In the seventh round I selected Penn State's mammoth tight end Jessie James (6'7" 254). James is a talented player, whose production doesn't match their potential. James could compete for a roster spot initially by solid special teams play, but would likely land on the practice squad for a year.
The Bottom Line:
I feel good entering the 2015 season. I don't think I've put the Redskins in a position to compete for a Super Bowl (I'm only human after all), but I feel like the Redskins are a deeper, more competitive team after this potential off-season. Not everything worked out the way I wanted it, I probably ended up with too many offensive linemen, and I didn't really address the outside linebacker position like I had hoped too. But at the end of the day, I'm happy with the results, how do you think I did?
In a previous essay here, I wrote about how libertarians need to do more than just talk about the libertarian-pie-in-the-sky-by-and-by. I noted that we need to talk about actually existing private alternatives to government solutions, not just historical ones. But if libertarians are to be taken seriously, and not erroneously characterized as heartless monsters who only care about themselves, we need to do more than just talk: we need to walk the walk.
Merely saying the free market will take of problem X won't be persuasive to many. We need to be doing something about X right now. If the free market and a free society are supposed to be the answer, who is it that is doing the answering? The invisible hand? But what or who is the invisible hand? It's us. Individuals acting to solve problems and to help others. If all we do is say “oh, the market will solve these problems,” and do nothing to help make it happen, then who will? Yet, when it comes down to working, volunteering, donating, organizing—suddenly almost everyone disappears.
If we do nothing, we become hypocrites. Hypocrites are quickly spotted and convince no one.
Part of the problem is the kind of mentality that many libertarians have. Perhaps some of you saw the post about Matt Ridley's commentary on the Jonathan Haidt study of political activists, including libertarians (emphasis mine):
Perhaps more intriguingly, when libertarians reacted to moral dilemmas and in other tests, they displayed less emotion, less empathy and less disgust than either conservatives or liberals. They appeared to use “cold” calculation to reach utilitarian conclusions about whether (for instance) to save lives by sacrificing fewer lives. They reached correct, rather than intuitive, answers to math and logic problems, and they enjoyed ‘effortful and thoughtful cognitive tasks' more than others do. The researchers found that libertarians had the most “masculine” psychological profile, while liberals had the most feminine, and these results held up even when they examined each gender separately, which “may explain why libertarianism appeals to men more than women.”
People deficient in empathy and emotion are not going to be good at persuading others. They will have no idea how to persuade others in effective ways. They will keep on thinking that the answer is to preach abstract ideas. But the average person wants practical answers, not theory. They respond best to emotional appeals, not rational principles. If you don't believe me, read The Political Brain by Drew Westin. It's based on solid research. Their conclusion: emotional appeals are the one that work best. If that makes you balk, let me point out here that emotional appeals can be based on reason. Even Ayn Rand thought the two could be compatible.
If you want to make an emotional appeal, it helps to show that you're willing to do something yourself. It shows you aren't all talk, even if your talk is ultimately correct. Compared to libertarians, left wingers have been much better at this. They have started food coops, worker-owned companies, nonprofits that help women start their own businesses, health care collectives. There are hundreds of examples. What do libertarians do that is comparable?
Libertarians need to be more actively involved in creating, supporting, and participating in private alternative solutions. Some are helping already through volunteer work or charitable contributions. A few do it through their own organizations, like the now-defunct Mothers Institute, which used to give out scholarships for home-schooling parents, or the Morefield Storey Institute, which has a small microloan program. The new Seasteading Institute is trying to provide a complete model community. Some left libertarians and anarchists are starting small mutual aid organizations such as SMART (“Sovereign Mutual Aid Response Teams”). There are even a few practical institutions, like The Institute for Justice (“IJ”) and the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (“FIRE”), that many movement libertarians are likely to know about already.
What can libertarians do? Here are a few suggestions for helping foster the private alternatives we claim will work better than the government.
Promote private social services.
Inform yourself. Then get active in your local community promoting these ideas. Here is my reading list for getting started. Promote libertarian work alternatives
Get involved in your local community. Help organize or contribute to food, health and job coops, or even worker-owned companies. Contribute to and/or volunteer for private alternatives to government social services.
I hope I don't have to convince anyone here that benevolence is a good thing, but it's a topic worth exploring at some length.
Here is what the late libertarian philosopher Tibor Machan has to say about the virtue of benevolence. Speaking from the viewpoint of what philosophers call “virtue ethics,” they wrote in their book Generosity: Virtue in Civil Society (published by Cato):
If we choose or have cultivated the inclination to act benevolently toward others, who are themselves sociable, then our potential for fulfilling our social capacities will be realized. If we do not, we will remain arrested, truncated, limited in how far we go in developing ourselves….The beneficiary of generous conduct is not, as noted before, benefiting from some duty or obligation—the respect of their rights as a child or a citizen or a party to a contract. Rather the beneficiary is benefiting from a respect bearing on their individual circumstances—what they might enjoy, need or want… Generosity, then, is a good trait because practicing it makes us more at home with the world. By bestowing upon some others various goods, such as time we have to spare, skills they could use, some article of value or money, we contribute to the positive upkeep and improvement of the community that can make a more hospitable setting for our life. We may not be making extreme sacrifices by being generous, but we are going beyond the call of duty or obligation, we thus contribute to an atmosphere of congeniality, a fulfilled human life.
In other words, it makes the community a better and more pleasant place to live.
What kind of society do you want to live in—one where people are generous and nice to each other as a matter of course, or one where only the “chosen few” are regarded as worthy of any attention or concern? One where people are benevolent or one where anyone who doesn't agree with you is regarded as an “outsider” not worthy of talking to, let alone worthy of your benevolence? Where people are nice, or mean? Kind or arrogant?
I know what I choose. Yet I worry that things are heading the other way. I see a nasty trend in the libertarian movement toward the survivalist me-against-the-world mentality, toward bullying and holier-than-thou arrogance. I don't want to live in that kind of society. Do you? Then don't be that kind of person.
One way you can exemplify a better type of libertarian, a better type of person, is philanthropy.
“The word philanthropy may conjure up images of wealthy donors who build entire hospitals and wings of universities, endow foundations, and vow to buy a laptop for every child in the developing world. But you don't have to give like a Rockefeller for your contribution (even if it's less than the price of that proverbial cup of coffee) to make an impact, because when you choose wisely, good can come from whatever resources you can give. An everyday philanthropist evolves not by the amount or nature of the gist, but simply by the habit of giving.” (How to Be an Everyday Philanthropist, p. 181)
Here are only some of the possibilities. None of them requires large donations. Give whatever you can afford:
Microloans
Kiva.org. Donate $25+ and you'll get email updates from them. You pick a person in need from their vetted list and give them a loan. It has a 98.31% repayment rate. Grameen Foundation. Started by Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammed Yunus, one of its important values is seeking to empower the world's poor, especially the poorest women. It also has a high repayment rate. Moorfield Storey Institute. This is run by libertarian James Peron. It gives out small microloans to help others help themselves.
Giving “a hand up, not a handout”
Modest Needs is a nonprofit that helps prevent otherwise financially self-sufficient people from entering the cycle of poverty. According to its website: “Modest Needs is a national nonprofit empowering members of the general public to make small, emergency grants to low income workers who are at risk of slipping into poverty. Since 2002, Modest Needs' donors have stopped the cycle of poverty for 13,042 hard-working individuals and families that conventional philanthropy otherwise had forgotten.” You can make donations to specific people in need in whatever amount you can afford. Food for All is a UK organization that “is a registered London charity distributing 1,000 enriched nutritional meals 6 days a week to the most deprived people locally.” There is also a branch in Washington, DC. FirstGiving encourages you to set up a fund-raising page for your nonprofit with help from this organization. According to its website: “Empower your supporters to become lifelong fundraisers and cause ambassadors through peer-to-peer fundraising.” The authors of Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide have a website where people can donate to help poor women to help themselves. And let us not forget libertarian-owned Whole Foods. Many of its stores collect donations for charities. Check the link to see if the store near you is on the list.
Social networking
At Idealist, thousands trade ideas, post charity events, interact with others who want to make the world a better place. Create your own community. According to its website 115,075 organizations use Idealist. Start your own organization that will help your community.
Existentialist author Albert Camus called standing up for what you believe in “being a witness.” Let your own life be a witness to the power of individuals caring about each other instead of depending on Big Brother Government. If we want to convince others that a libertarian free society can work, we have to be able to point to practical existing alternatives to government “solutions.” We also have to practice what we preach and be involved. We have to model libertarianism in our deeds, not just our words. The pen may be mightier than the sword, as Camus said, but actions speak even louder.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Egyptian judge that acquitted former president Hosni Mubarak last week wrote in their 280-page decision that the revolution that toppled the former leader was a global Zionist-US-Brotherhood conspiracy.
Judge Mahmoud Kamel al-Rashidi began their decision by describing the January 2011 revolution as a Zionist and US conspiracy hatched to divide the country, according to a report on Egypt's Mada Masr website.
Rashidi backed up this claim by citing testimonies of “the nation's wise men,” which included former intelligence head Omar Suleiman, former defense chief Hussein Tantawi and former prime minister Ahmed Nazif.The judge added that the Muslim Brotherhood movement was a key conspirator by aiding Hamas and Hezbollah to infiltrate the country in order to carry out a plan to topple Mubarak's regime on January 28, 2011, the report said.Egypt's public prosecutor on Tuesday ordered an appeal of the court decision to drop charges against former ruler Mubarak, their interior minister and six aides over the killing of protesters in the uprising.Mubarak, now 86, was sentenced to life in prison in 2012 for conspiring to murder 239 demonstrators during the 18-day revolt that ended their 30-year rule, but an appeals court ordered a retrial.On Saturday, the court dropped its case against Mubarak, igniting protests in Cairo in which two people were killed.The judge also said the use of live ammunition near government institutions was justified.“It became evidently certain for the court that the group that targeted those security spots occupied by officers and employees went there with a conceived plan by an organized group that hides behind religion to tamper with the security and stability of the country,” Mada Masr reported Rashidi as saying.Another key finding, according to the decision, was that few police officers used violence against protesters and that those who did were acting without orders to do so.Rashidi concluded their report by declaring: “The ruling for or against [Mubarak] after the end of their life is for history and for the Ultimate Judge.”Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Ever since Texas Longhorn wide receiver Marquise Goodwin arrived at Texas, the most significant aspect of their narrative has been their efforts to qualify for the 2012 London Olympics. After recording a career-best jump at the Olympic Trails in Eugene, Oregon on Sunday, Goodwin has finally achieved their dream of competing for the United States in England come August.
Texassports.com summarized what Goodwin did to qualify:
Goodwin was at the top of the leaderboard for much of the day's six rounds thanks to an 8.07m (26-05.75) jump on their first attempt. The mark was unchallenged until the third round when they momentarily slipped into fourth after big jumps by William Claye, George Kitchens and Christian Taylor. However, Goodwin was able to match Claye's mark of 8.23m (27-00.00) to reclaim the top spot heading into their final three attempts. The standings held through the fourth, fifth and most of the final round so that Goodwin's Olympic qualification was guaranteed heading into the final three jumps. Claye leaped an 8.22m mark that was the second highest mark of the day after theirs and Goodwin's matching 8.23m attempts, putting them ahead of Goodwin before the latter's final attempt. Goodwin then unleashed an 8.33m leap that put the exclamation point on an already impressive performance.
The senior wideout shared their thoughts on their achievement:
I started off pretty good and I ended even better, so it was a good day for me. Earlier on in the year, I couldn't really get it going until the last few jumps. Popping off a good jump with no scratch helped me relax and know that I can go out there and put out an even better jump.
Head track coach Bubba Thornton chimed in as well:
To perform in front of 21,000 people on your last jump for the win at the Olympic Trials, I think that's why we call them ‘Mr. Clutch. This wasn't about yesterday, it wasn't about tomorrow, it wasn't really even about making the Olympic Team. It was really about being the best they could be today, and as they achieved that, everything else just fell into place.
The Olympics run through August 12, so Goodwin will still have time to return to Austin and spend some time practicing with the team, something they were not able to do last season while participating in the World Championships. The hope is that Goodwin can build on a strong finish to the 2011 season to finally fulfill the significant potential they showed as a first-year student.
Ultimately, however, this isn't about football -- it's about the opportunity for Goodwin to bring a gold medal home to the United States. Even if they don't, he'll still have the considerable honor of representing their country, and by extension their university, on the world's biggest stage.
Congratulations, Marquise, and hold those horns high in London.
The persistently high unemployment rate in the United States during the Great Recession has led to claims that much of American unemployment is “structural”. According to this view, the demand for workers by companies is insufficient to employ all unemployed workers because there is a mismatch between the skills possessed by many American workers and the skills required by companies. The structural advocates believe the skills demanded by companies tend to exceed or otherwise be different from the skills possessed by many unemployed workers. As a result, so goes the argument, these unemployed workers cannot find jobs and remain unemployed for a long time.
Although I will argue that not much of American unemployment is “structural” or due to such a mismatch, the structural theory is on the surface supported by the large number of long-term unemployed, the most disturbing feature of American unemployment during the Great Recession. Structural advocates claim that unemployed individuals with skills that are only weakly demanded face prospects of remaining unemployed for a long time. Since the unemployment rate rose above 9% in 2009, the fraction of the unemployed who have been out of work for over 6 months has grown to over 40%. Prior to the start of the recession in 2008, long-term unemployed were a little under 20% of total unemployment. Although long-term unemployment usually rises during prolonged recessions, the magnitude of the rise during the current recession is unusual for the United States.
While long-term unemployment in the American labor market jumped up during this recession to unusual heights, there is no evidence of any large mismatch in US labor markets prior to the recession. In 2007, for example, the total unemployment rate was still under 5%, and less than 20% of the unemployed were out of work for six months or more. It is not credible to believe that the underlying structure of labor demand in the US has shifted so much in the few years since the recession began that almost 4% of workers (0.4x9%) will not have employable skills once the American economy gets out of its doldrums, and begins to grow at its “normal” long-term rate of about 2% per capita per year.
The JOLTS monthly data prepared by the federal government on new hires and job vacancies in the United States show over 3 million job vacancies in recent months, and over 2 million openings even during months at the height of the recession. Given this large number of job openings, I conclude that the millions of individuals who have been out of work for 6 months or more could find jobs if they are willing to be flexible on wages and other conditions of employment. Put a little differently, millions of job openings each month in a labor market with considerable flexibility in wages, which describes the American labor market, makes it really hard to argue that many of the long-term unemployed cannot find jobs.
How then can we explain the high and persistent levels of long-term unemployment during this recession? One clearly important factor is the extension in July of 2010 of unemployment insurance to cover workers who have been out of work for 99 weeks instead of having their payments end after 6 months of unemployment. Studies have shown that many unemployed find jobs just about when their unemployment payments expire, after 6 months of collecting benefits under the old system. It does not require any complicated economic analysis to conclude that the extension of unemployment payments to 99 weeks will encourage many individuals to remain unemployed after 6 months of unemployment, although they would have found jobs under the old rules. They will turn down jobs that may not be as good as those they had before becoming unemployed in order to continue to collect unemployment benefits. For that reason I opposed the extension to 99 weeks in my post on 7/25/2010 (“Should Unemployment Compensation be Extended?”).
Long-term unemployment may also partly be the result of uneven employment opportunities and uneven prospects for housing prices in different states and regions of the US. States like California, Nevada, and Florida that had major construction, jobs, and housing booms in the years before the onset of the recession suffered the largest hits to employment and to housing prices. Unemployed workers in such states may be reluctant to move to states where more jobs are available at good wages since they may be involved in foreclosure litigation and other issues related to the depressed housing market. They may also turn down jobs that pay much less than the unusually good wages they had during the boom times to continue to collect unemployment benefits for up to 2 years.
Other factors are also involved in the sharp rise in the number of workers unemployed for over 6 months. Yet overall they do not justify the conclusion that many unemployed individuals are unable to find jobs because the American economy has too little demand for their set of skills.
Newsweek is still around in some form and still disguises itself as an unbiased, objective news outlet. This tweet comparing Ted Cruz's supporters in Iowa to Nazis from Newsweek senior writer Alexander Nazaryan's verified Twitter account, is just another example of how much the DC Media despises conservatives.
—
—
Two weeks ago The Washington Post attacked Ted Cruz's young daughters, compared them to monkeys.
As I've said before, if there was a big red button that would immediately kill every conservative in America, the only fight among the DC Media would be who gets the honor of pressing it.
UPDATE: Nazaryan digs in deeper. Although, they deleted the above Tweet, they explain that not all Cruz supporters are Nazis:
—
—
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
So many different Indras When we speak of Indra, we must keep in mind that the scriptures refer to six different types of Indra, belonging to different periods of history.
Who is a Hindu?: The Curious Case of Brahmins Despite being venerated in Hinduism, scriptures tell many stories of their death at the hands of gods.
The sage who witnessed all Markandeya is a rishi of great repute because the characteristic most associated with them is their immortality.
Herding Indian cats in a non-compliant culture Published on 9th February, 2019, in Economic Times One of the things that you notice when you travel to countries like Australia and Singapore is the obsession with rules and regulations, and the rigorous implementation of systems. A car parked in the wrong place is immediately fined, not using seat belts in the backseat, is immediately fined. The system is so strong ...
Gov. Paul LePage had the artwork removed from the lobby of an Augusta building last month. Battle over Maine mural
The U.S. Department of Labor wants its money back if Maine Gov. Paul LePage won't return the mural it funded to the state's Labor Department headquarters.
The federal government provided part of a $60,000 grant to pay for the creation of a mural detailing Maine's labor history. But since LePage had the artwork removed from the lobby of an Augusta building last month, a senior Labor Department official is asking for the the mural to be put back on display or the cash to be returned.
Story Continued Below
The grant funded a public project, but “we understand, however, that the mural is no longer on display in your headquarters,” said Gay Gilbert, administrator of the U.S. Office of Unemployment Insurance, in a Monday letter to Maine's acting labor commissioner. “Thus, it is no longer being used for an administrative purpose permitted by the Reed Act. Accordingly … the state must … return to its UTF [Unemployment Trust Fund] account the amount of the Reed Act funds represented by the mural.”
In all, that might end up amounting to far more than $60,000. The state would have to repay the 63.8 percent contribution that came from the federal government — $38,280 — as well as 63.8 percent of the fair-market value of the mural.
The only other option, Gilbert said, would be that the state department “could again display the mural in its headquarters or in another state employment security building.”
Maine Labor Department spokesperson Adam Fisher told the Kennebec Journal that the agency had “reviewed the letter and [was] assessing what it may mean for the agency moving forward.”
LePage, a Republican, ordered that the mural be taken down last month, and it was removed sometime between Friday night and Monday morning a week ago.
“I'm trying to send a message to everyone in the state that the state of Maine looks at employees and employers equally, neutrally and on balance,” LePage said soon after they ordered the mural's removal. “The mural sends a message that we're one-sided, and I don't want to send that message.”
President Iohannis: Romania will not accept multi-speed Europe proposals
Romania will not accept proposals leading to a two-speed or a multi-speed Europe, President Klaus Iohannis argued during the talks they had with Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council. “Such options will only deepen the divisions between the member states,” according to a press release of the Romanian presidency.
Donald Tusk was in Romania on October 13, and met with President Iohannis at the Cotroceni Palace.  They are currently consulting members of the European Council to prepare a roadmap document on the steps that need to be undertaken in the process of consolidating the European Union. The document will be discussed at further reunions of the Council.
This March, the European Commission presented a White Paper on the Future of Europe, which includes five scenarios for the way the European Union could evolve by 2025. The scenario of a two-speed European Union was one of them.
President Iohannis argued that the principle of inclusivity needs to play an essential part in the process of consolidating the European Union. They also pleased for a “united, powerful, cohesive and coherent” Europe that is closer to its citizens and has a strong global profile. “This desire will define Romania's actions throughout the period it will hold the presidency of the European Union Council in the first semester of 2019,” the Romanian presidency said.
The preparation of an EU summit in Sibiu in 2019 was another topic approached at the meeting between Iohannis and Tusk.
During their State of the Union speech in Strasbourg this September, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker proposed the organization of a special EU summit in the Romanian city of Sibiu, on March 30, 2019, one day after the triggering of the Brexit Article 50.
(Photo source: presidency.ro)
editor@romania-insider.com
Con Edison shut off all gas to that building on Aug. 6 and restored the service on Aug. 15, after the landlord had taken away the tapping apparatus. Investigators have been trying to determine how the upstairs tenants obtained gas afterward.
Mr. Curtis did not shed any light on how those tenants received fuel for their stoves or water heaters. They said that Ms. Hrynenko “doesn't know construction, so they have to rely on architects and contractors.”
A contractor who had renovated the apartments upstairs, Dilber Kukic, accompanied Michael Hrynenko when they went to investigate the restaurant manager's complaint. Mr. Kukic wound up carrying Mr. Hrynenko out of the building after the blast, city officials said.
Mr. Curtis said Ms. Hrynenko told them they were too distraught to be interviewed. “She is in no position at this moment to physically handle the probing questions every reporter is going to ask her,” Mr. Curtis said. “She nearly lost their son, they were beside themselves that they sent them in there.”
As a landlord, they said, Ms. Hrynenko “wants to make everything perfect. When something goes wrong, they send a mechanic there to fix it.”
Another building Ms. Hrynenko owned, 119 Second Avenue, which was destroyed last week, had a history of tenant complaints that resulted in litigation a few years ago. According to the tenants, their lawyer and court papers, Ms. Hrynenko rented ground-floor space to a restaurant that installed an exhaust system in the air shaft. Tenants whose windows faced the air shaft complained that they were being robbed of light and air and balked when the landlord tried to gain access to the apartments to seal windows from inside.
The matter ended up in housing court and the tenants, who stopped paying their rent, prevailed.
Mr. Curtis said the exhaust system was put in by the owner of the restaurant and their architect, and that Ms. Hrynenko went along not knowing any better.
Confessions of an Active Investor
There are some who try to time the market, and there are others who just sit back and let market forces do all the work. There are those that argue out performing index funds is impossible, and there are a handful that says the opposite.
I am an active investor, so you know which camp I belong. However, I'm seriously considering moving all my investments into an series of diversified ETFs and index funds.
The Life of an Active Trader
Unlike most arguments against active investing, I absolutely believe that outperforming the market is possible. I managed to do it and I'm still outperforming index funds. My returns are much higher than the stock market benchmarks.
Unfortunately, it's also stressful.
Unless you have experienced it, it's hard to imagine how stressful it is to risk your own money in a volatile market. When you can make or lose 10% of everything you ever accumulated in one day and any wrong move can wipe out your entire net worth, how can you not have pressure?
Active investing, to me:
Is Stressful and Tiring – You thought the possibility of losing your job is stressful. How about your life savings?
Causes Sleepless Nights – The Chinese is going to announce the results of its stimulus plan honey. Why don't you go to sleep first?
Prevents You from Focusing on Other Aspects of Life – Family? Wait, let me get an update of my stock prices first.
Can Consume Your Life – Any wrong move can wipe out a huge chunk of money you need to retire on. Shouldn't you be thinking about it all the time?
The Case for Worry Free Investing
While winning trades always feel good, I'm constantly paranoid. I check my stock positions on the phone constantly and the first thing I do when I wake up is turn on CNBC. When I golf, I don't think about my putts. Instead, I think about whether Wells Fargo (WFC)'s earning announcement will disappoint.
How great will it be if I can just sit back and not worry about the stock market? Coca-Cola (KO) reporting? Don't care. McDonald's on fire? Good for them but don't tell me. With passive investing, you can do that.
You will never outperform the market, but you won't be poor if your diversified portfolio of investments is well planned. You might potentially leave money on the table, but working and stressing to get it is basically a second (or for some, third) job.
Promote or Save This Article If you like this article, please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it! If you like this article, please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it! Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it! | Reddit |
Related Posts
The thieves struck sometime between Friday afternoon and Sunday morning.
Thieves have stolen several gas cylinders containing nitrous oxide, commonly known as 'laughing gas', from Perth Royal Infirmary.
The theft happened sometime between 4.20pm on Friday and 5.20am on Sunday.
Police are now trying to trace the culprits amid concerns the pressurised cylinders could cause injuries.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Nitrous oxide, or N2O, is commonly known as laughing gas and has analgesic properties when used medically, however, worryingly it has been known to be used illegally as a recreational drug and can be used by car enthusiasts as a fuel additive.
"Nitrous oxide can be a dangerous substance if it is misused or consumed without medical supervision.
"Also, any attempt to interfere with the pressurised cylinders may result in serious injury if they are not handled correctly.
"Anyone who is offered this gas or has any information relating to the theft is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you wish to remain anonymous."
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Join in: For debate, chat, comment and more, join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @STVNews on Twitter.
Updates: Would you like STV's latest news update in your inbox every morning? Choose from our range of regular e-newsletters here.
Have you ever admired the lines of the rope across a person's body? Been intrigued by the patterns created by a splash of wax on the skin? Or maybe your hands get itchy to grab a pencil when you see a lovely form just so you can trace those curves onto paper? We have just the event for you.
The Space is all about creative expression because let's face it, kink takes imagination to communicate a unique vision. For some of us, that creativity spills into the pursuit of some more 'nilla artistic expression such as painting, drawing/sketching, or even sculpting. The CKPG has events for those into photography and now The Space would like to host an event dedicated to other 2D and 3D arts.
This event will feature both male and female models in various relatively "still life" scenes of various kinky play. Attendees will be able to move around to these different scenes (or camp out by just one) and sketch, paint, ink, mold, or otherwise immortalize their visions. Various scenes will include rope, wax, pet play, etc. You will be responsible for bringing your own art supplies. This event will supply the subjects but you are responsible for the medium you wish to capture it with. You can bring: paint, pens, pencils, pastels, canvases, sketch books, crayons, or clay (just to name a few). This event is for experienced artists as well as the total novice. Never held a paint brush in your hand but dying to try it? Come explore some new talents while in a relaxed atmosphere and surrounded by supportive friends. We will have plenty of inspiration to get you started!
Cost: None, but donations to the venue appreciated
No need to register to attend; please RSVP to the Fetlife group - https://fetlife.com/events/439474
Some Rules:
Clear boundaries will be set to keep anyone from getting a bit too close.
No touching the models. They are not consenting to a scene with the attendees, simply to be observed.
No touching the equipment/toys being used for that scene.
No creeping (if you aren't doing any art... that's creepy) or wanking (dude, that's just not called for).
In short, don't be an asshole.
This event is being hosted by Freya
-=-=-
All events at the Space are for 19+ years and over
20. Trains Travel 43 Million Miles Annually
The London Underground, also known simply as the Tube, is one of the most famous transport systems in the world and was the first ever rapid transit system. Since opening (in a very limited form) in 1863, it has expanded to feature 11 lines, 270 stations and over 1 billion passengers a year. It is one of the busiest metro rail systems in the world and one of the most iconic and recognisable parts of London life. Despite its rich and proud history, commuters can find catching the tube more of a necessary nightmare than a pleasurable experience. It's much too hot all year round, meaning that you'll stick to the seats in summer and sweat through your coat in winter. Unless you live at the end of the line, you're unlikely to ever get a seat during peak hour and so will start many of your days pressed into a stranger's armpit. When doing battle with other commuters and (especially) tourists and their bags, it can be hard to remember that the tube is a fascinating system with a million little quirks and idiosyncrasies. So next time you feel frustrated, bring to mind a few of these brilliant facts about the Underground.The Proclaimers' promise to walk 500 miles (and 500 more so...1000 miles) and Savage Garden will fly you to the moon and back but both those offers pale in comparison to what the tube can do for you. Trains on the Underground travel 43 000 000 miles annually. A MILLION! That distance will take you around the world almost 2000 times, halfway to the sun and on 9 return trips to the moon. It kind of seems a shame you're just using it to go back and forth between Brixton and Oxford Circus, doesn't it?
“What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn't think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know.” — Arnold Schwarzenegger
It recently occurred to me that there is one person I don't feature in The Obstacle Is The Way but easily could have. Because like Rockefeller, Edison, Earhart, and especially Theodore Roosevelt, there is a man who proves and has lived the message pretty clearly: Arnold.
I mean, look at this. Or, if you don't have time, just listen to their commencement address:
1961: Arnold doesn't like soccer, the sport most children played in their native Austria, so they try weightlifting instead. They became so dedicated to bodybuilding they began breaking into their local gym on the weekends when it was closed so they could train: “It would make me sick to miss a workout… I knew I couldn't look at myself in the mirror the next morning if I didn't do it.”
1965: Arnold served in the Austrian army to fulfill their one year service requirement. They end up going AWOL during basic training so they can compete in the Junior Mr. Europe contest and ends up serving a week in military prison because of it. They won the contest.
1968: Arnold arrives in America with little money and can barely speak English. Because bodybuilding doesn't pay, they begin a bricklaying business with a fellow bodybuilder, mixing cement and knocking down walls with a sledgehammer.
1970: Arnold won their first Mr. Olympia title at 23, making them the youngest Mr. Olympia ever, a record they still hold today. They would go on to win it six more times.
1971: Arnold's brother Meinhard died in a car accident in which they were killed instantly. Arnold would later pay for Meinhard's son Patrick's education and their emigration to the United States.
1972: Arnold's father, Gustav Schwarzenegger, dies from a stroke. Arnold was unable to attend their funeral because they're training for a bodybuilding content.
1980: Arnold was a color commentator at the 1980 Mr. Olympia competition when they announced at the last minute they would compete in the contest. Schwarzenegger had been retired from competition but had been secretly training for the event. They won it with only seven weeks of preparation and after being declared Mr. Olympia for the seventh time they officially retired from competition.
1984: Arnold appears in James Cameron's The Terminator. Of their early acting career, Arnold said, “It was very difficult for me in the beginning – I was told by agents and casting people that my body was ‘too weird', that I had a funny accent, and that my name was too long. You name it, and they told me I had to change it. Basically, everywhere I turned, I was told that I had no chance.” Basically, Arnold turned all those ‘negatives' into a totally unique and iconic package.
1991: Arnold reappeared as the title character in Terminator 2: Judgment Day, which was the highest-grossing film of 1991.
1993: Arnold stars in Last Action Hero, which did poorly at the box office, opening opposite Jurassic Park. It is one of many failed movies in their career–as they admit.
1994: Arnold's movie career bounces back when they reunited with James Cameron for the popular sky film True Lies.
2001: Arnold broke six ribs and was hospitalized for four days after a motorcycle crash in Los Angeles.
2003: Without any previous political experience, Arnold wins the California recall election for governor by 1.3 million votes. (I actually attended their kick off rally in Sacramento. Twisted Sister performed)
2006: Arnold wins re-election for Governor of California by well over one million votes.
2009: They give an epic and philosophic commencement address to USC students.
2013: Arnold restarts their acting career with their first leading role in 10 years with The Last Stand, and their first co-starring role with Sylvester Stallone in Escape Plan. Also cooly embraces reddit and social media to great results.
“So let me tell you, as you prepare to go off into the world, remember six rules: Trust yourself, Break some rules, Don't be afraid to fail, Ignore the naysayers, Work like hell, and Give something back.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger
What Arnold shares with all the figures in the The Obstacle Is The Way is that stoic idea of self-direction, self-discipline, self-mastery. They faced innumerable problems and obstacles in their life—some of which they created for himself, as we know—but what mattered more than that was how they responded.
They saw, as Marcus Aurelius wrote, that the impediment to action can advance action. They saw that the obstacle is the way.
Like to Read?
I've created a list of 15 books you've never heard of that will alter your worldview and help you excel at your career.
Get the secret book list here!
MMOBomb and Mad Otter Games have teamed up to giveaway a gift pack (The Blessed Harvest Pack) for the MMORRPG Villagers and Heroes! To get your code key you just need to click on the button below. Get your key now while supplies last!
Your browser does not support iframes. For having access to this giveaway you need to enable them.
Villagers and Heroes is a free-to-play MMO game in which players experience the thrill of battling monsters, the satisfaction of tailoring an exquisite robe, and also the pleasure of building friendships within a friendly community.
How to get and use your Key:
1. Log in to your MMOBomb account to get your key. If you don't have one, register for free HERE.
2. Click on the big yelow button at the top, and copy your key. The key will be temporarily saved for you, so you can go back to this page later and get your key back.
3. Go HERE and enter your email address and a password
4. Enter your Key into the Harvest Pack box
5. Press the “Play Now!” button
6. After a few seconds, VHSetup.exe will download automatically (if it does not, then press the green “Download Now!” button).
7. Run VHSetup.exe and follow the instructions. This will install the full game, with the Blessed Harvest Pack automatically unlocked!
8. Make sure you never miss a giveaway, follow our updates via Facebook, Twitter!
9. That's it, enjoy!
Share if you like this giveaway! Share if you like this giveaway!
[easy-share buttons=”facebook,twitter,google,reddit” counters=1 hide_names=”yes” message=”yes” counter_pos=”inside” native=”no” total_counter_pos=”rightbig” template=”metro”] [easy-share buttons=”facebook,twitter,google,reddit” counters=1 hide_names=”yes” message=”yes” counter_pos=”inside” native=”no” total_counter_pos=”rightbig” template=”metro”]
This code contains the following items:
The Blessed Harvest Pack: This contains the Fall Harvest outfit plus two Autumn Hats and the Pilgrim's Hat. It is also filled with savory goodies: 10 Buttermilk Breads, 10 Cornbreads, 5 Cornucopias, 5 Pumpkin Pies, and 5 Turkey dinners.
Villagers and Heroes Trailer:
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Protestors rally near the federal courthouse where the class-action lawsuit Floyd v. City of New York is being argued. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig.)
On Saturday, March 23, sixteen year-old Kimani Gray was buried in Cypress Hills Cemetery in Brooklyn, surrounded by family and friends. Gray had been killed two weeks earlier by a pair of plainclothes New York City police officers, who shot them seven times on an East Flatbush sidewalk. The officers claim the teenager pointed a gun at them, but witnesses, along with family and friends, vehemently dispute the NYPD's narrative. In the days before Gray's funeral, hundreds of residents filled the street to display their outrage. Dozens were arrested, some as young as thirteen. As mourners prepared to lower the teen's metallic-blue casket into the ground, a young man in a black T-shirt featuring a picture of Gray broke from the crowd and sat in the grass next to a headstone. Resting their elbows on their knees, they lowered their head and began to cry. Ad Policy
The day before Gray was buried, civil rights attorneys in lower Manhattan wrapped up their first week of arguments in Floyd v. City of New York, a landmark class action lawsuit accusing the NYPD of violating the constitutional rights of hundreds of thousands of young men of color not unlike Kimani Gray. As with the protests following the death of Ramarley Graham in February of 2012— shot in their own home, unarmed, by a plainclothes officer in search of a gun—the anger in the streets was further fueled by deep-seated frustration with the NYPD's stop-and-frisk program, which overwhelmingly targets young men of color—sometimes leading to brutal and even deadly force.
Roughly 4.4 million people have been stopped by the NYPD during the joint tenure of Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Mayor Michael Bloomberg, according to official government data. Nearly nine out of ten have been released without an arrest or summons. About 86 percent of those stopped have been black or Latino. In 2011, the NYPD's 67th precinct, which patrols the neighborhood where Gray was shot, ranked 16th among other city precincts in overall stops. The 67th came in second, however, when it came to stops that failed to prove wrongdoing: nearly 94 percent of the encounters resulted in no charges.
"They do it to a lot of people over here," said Kelly Fraser, 19, who told The Nation that Gray was like “a little brother” to them "They're always messing with you for no reason."
Lawyers for the plaintiffs in the Floyd trial hope to prove that stopping people "for no reason" is part of department-wide NYPD practice that is in violation of both the 4th and 14th amendment. The trial began in two packed courtrooms, one where the actual proceedings are taking place for the next several weeks, and another where an overflow of New York City residents, activists, politicians and local attorneys crowded onto courtroom benches, surrounding chairs and open spaces on the floor. They watched intently as the opening statements unfolded via a live feed.
"This case is about much more than numbers," Darius Charney, an attorney with the Center for Constitutional Rights, which is representing the plaintiffs said. "It's about people."
"There is a wide gap between what the New York Police Department's stop-and-frisk-related policies and procedures say on paper and how they actually operate in practice in the precincts and on the streets of New York City," they added.
The NYPD's authority to stop, question and, if needed, search individuals is not being challenged. Instead, attorneys for the plaintiffs hope to convince Judge Shira Scheindlin to reign in a police practice that has resulted in millions of stops, many of which were unconstitutional. The case turns not only on the testimony of the plaintiffs, but also on allegations and recordings made by active NYPD officers who claim that they are forced to abide by a rigidly-enforced quota system.
While the vast majority of NYPD stops do not end as tragically as that of Kimani Gray, an untold number provoke feelings of degradation and humiliation. Nicholas Peart, a plaintiff in the Floyd suit, is a 24 year-old African American public housing resident who took custody of their 12 and 13 year-old brothers, as well as their 20 year-old disabled sister, when their mother died of cancer two years ago. They work for a Harlem-based leadership program for youth. Peart says they have been stopped by police at least five times without cause. The first stop took place at gunpoint, they say, on their 18th birthday. It was August 5, 2006 and Peart had traveled to the Upper West Side to celebrate with family. Around 5AM, they were sitting on a bench with a cousin and out of town friend, when they witnessed a car accident. That's when several police cars pulled up.
"The officers came out with their guns pointed at us," Peart testified. "They demanded that we get down on the ground."
They say they complied in a matter of seconds. A pat-down commenced.
"They patted over my basketball shorts and I was touched," Peart testified. When asked to clarify what they meant, Peart struggled for words.
"You could feel them touching you in the groin area?" Judge Scheindlin asked.
"Yes," Peart replied.
"I was embarrassed,” they went on, “…I felt I didn't belong on 96th Street and Broadway, you know," Peart testified, adding, “I felt criminalized."
Following the pat down, Peart was told to stand up. They gave an officer their ID. "Happy birthday," the officer said as they returned it.
**
Three days into the trial lawyers for the plaintiffs shifted focus from the NYPD's street stops to the internal incentive structure that allegedly motivates them. Active-duty officer Adhyl Polanco testified that the department's stops are the result of a quota system overseen by supervisors. Police stop-and-frisks are recorded on forms known as UF-250s, or simply 250s. Polanco testified that supervisors put a premium on overall numbers of 250s, arrests and summons, with little regard for anything else.
"There came a point in time in 2009 where they came very hard with the quotas. They call it productivity." Polanco testified. Every day, they and their fellow officers would return from patrol, report to their platoon commander, “and specifically tell them what we had done for that night."
"They will never question the quality," they added. "They will question the quantity…How we got them, they don't really care about."
Polanco began secretly recording these meetings at the Bronx's 41st precinct, in the summer of 2009. They told the court they did so because they didn't think people would believe them otherwise. The recordings, which were played in court, reveal senior officers–including two sergeants, an inspector, a lieutenant and three police union delegates–ordering officers to generate specific numbers in a given month. "They wanted 20 and one," Polanco said. "20 summonses and one arrest per month, per officer, at least."
Their superiors were “very clear,” they testified. "It's either you do it, it's non-negotiable, or you're going to become a Pizza Hut delivery man."
Polanco said the punishments for falling short of quotas ranged from losing a longtime partner, low evaluation scores, retraining and denial of days off or overtime requests.
"They can make your life very miserable," they said.
In some cases, officers who failed to meet their supervisors' expectations would be called to a scene where a young man would be in handcuffs against a wall, they said. The officer would then be ordered to "either issue the summons, issue the 250, or even arrest the person."
Polanco testified that in 2009 they were asked more than twenty times to write a 250 attesting to an incident they did not observe. They also said that officers with low numbers might be forced to have superiors accompany them on their rounds–a practice known as "driving the sergeant" or "driving a supervisor." Superior officers would “tell you to go 250 this guy, go summons this guy, go arrest this guy. You have absolutely no discretion."
"We were handcuffing kids for no reason," Polanco testified, adding that "any group of black kids or Hispanic kids” was fair game. "Sometimes they will ask me to summons them. We will ask the supervisor why. And they will say unlawful assembly or something like that."
Testimony from another Bronx police officer, Pedro Serrano, 43, represented the first time they were speaking out publicly. Currently a patrol officer at the NYPD's 40th precinct, which in 2011 recorded the highest number of stops in the borough, Serrano repeated Polanco's claim that supervisors expected officers make one arrest and issue 20 summonses per month. Like Polanco, Serrano began recording roll call meetings, as well as conversations with their supervisors. In one recording played before the court, a voice belonging to their precinct's integrity control officer, according to Serrano, is heard using the phrase, "looking for five,” referring to summonses. The phrase "five, five and five" was heard in another recording played for the court. This time the man was identified as a lieutenant.
Serrano testified that failing to meet the precinct's quotas translated in low evaluation marks. From 2010 to 2011, their scores dropped in every evaluation category. In 2012, they recorded more arrests and summonses, they testified, but their evaluations stayed the same because they performed only two stop-and-frisks for the entire year.
Their supervisor, Captain Martine Materasso, explained that half of their score was based on “arrests, 250s, and the summonses,” Serrano testified, adding that they “immediately responded that that was a quota and that it wasn't written anywhere." Materasso leaned back in their chair, smiled and responded, "I can do that."
Attorneys for the plaintiffs displayed NYPD Operations Order 52, used by Materasso to justify Serrano's grade. "Department managers can and must set performance goals," it read. Asked how they interpreted the order, Serrano said, "It says 'Quota, quota, quota, quota and quota.'"
In a different conversation recorded by Serrano, Deputy Inspector Christopher McCormack told them that robberties in the precinct were on the rise, adding "We're still one of the most violent commands in the city." McCormack told Serrano that in such a violent neighborhood, carrying out just two 250s in a year was “not fair to the public.” Officers must zero in on "the right people, at the right time, at the right location," McCormack added.
"What am I supposed to do?” Serrano eventually asked their commanding officer. “Is it stop every black and Hispanic?"
After more back and forth, McCormick told him, "I told you at roll call, and I have no problem telling you this, male blacks 14 to 20, 21."
For Serrano, a Latino father of four, the idea of targeting individuals based on their age, race and geographic location does not sit well. "It's very simple,” they testified. “I have children. I try to be a decent person," they said. Serrano then began to choke up on the witness stand. Fighting back tears, the officer paused.
"As a Hispanic, walking around in the Bronx, I have been stopped many times," Serrano said. "It's not a good feeling. I promised as an officer I would respect everyone to my abilities. I just want to do the right thing. That's all."
**
Two days after Serrano's testimony—and the day after Kimani Gray's funeral—activists visited the East Flatbush home where Gray was shot. They chanted at police who were present, shared a moment of silence and eventually moved on to demonstrate at the 67th precinct.
Across the street, a half dozen teenage African American boys, dressed in hooded sweatshirts and low-slung pants, looked on. As the protesters prepared to leave, a black car with two men in the front seats pulled forward. The vehicle stopped in front of the group. A white man with short hair sitting in the front passenger seat noticed one of the boys. Gesturing at one of the teenagers, the man smiled and said "Hey."
"Hey," a 19-year-old who asked to be identified as Brad replied. While they exchanged pleasantries it was clear their relationship was not rooted in friendship.
"I'll see you later," the man in the car said, pointing and smiling as the vehicle pulled away. As the car drove off, Brad put their hand to their head like a telephone. "Call me," they said sarcastically.
The men were plainclothes police officers, Brad and their friends said. If a reporter had not been present or if at had been at night, they said the officers may have gotten out of the car. "At night they would've jumped out on us," one of the teens said. Their friend agreed, "At night they do everything."
Volunteers in Wakefield who are sponsoring a Syrian refugee family were concerned the newcomers would have trouble communicating with residents in the small Quebec village north of Ottawa. So they organized a language class — for Wakefield residents to learn Arabic.
Nearly 40 people showed up at the lesson held in a café this week, including some children.
“It was total beginner, basic phrases,” said Erin Krekoski, one of the co-ordinators of the Wakefield for Refugees group. ” ‘Hi, how are you? Where's the bathroom? Are you cold?' That kind of thing.”
It's an indication of just how eager Wakefield residents are to welcome the Syrian family — parents and four kids, ranging in age from 3 to 18 — who will arrive from Lebanon.
Most Syrian refugees will settle in cities, where there are settlement services and other Syrians or Arabic speakers, but sponsor groups have also sprung up in small towns across Canada.
The Wakefield group has raised about $30,000, and plans to sponsor a second family.
The first family could arrive in a few days, or a few months, but the group is ready. They found a two-bedroom house in the village, which the landlord made available for a reduced rent, and furnished it with donated goods, from beds to pots and pans.
The offers of help were immediate, said Krekoski. Snowsuit for a three-year-old-girl needed? Done, instantly. “Every time we put something out there, the need is just filled automatically, with this overwhelming, heartwarming response.”
They have few details, such as whether the family is originally from a rural area in Syria or a city.
The family may choose to eventually move to Ottawa or another city. Most people in Wakefield, a rural area a 45-minute drive from Ottawa, have a car, but that might be too expensive for a refugee family on a skimpy budget. There is bus service to Ottawa, but only at rush hours.
“We just don't know what they are going to want, what they'll need, and what kind of life they'll want to lead,” says Krekoski. “We're going to do our very best and offer them our very best in this community we live in. If that works for them, great, they'll stay and we'll welcome them into the community. If they decide they want to move somewhere else, they are totally welcome to, and that's 100-per-cent success as well.
“The point is to offer them a new life in Canada, a life of safety.”
When the Syrian refugees will arrive in Ottawa
130: Estimated number of Syrian refugees sponsored by private groups expected to arrive before the end of December
29: Number of government-sponsored refugees expected to arrive in Ottawa before the end of December
600 to 800: Number of government-sponsored Syrian refugees expected to arrive in Ottawa in January and February. This is an estimate from settlement agencies, based on historical distribution of refugees across the country.
521: Total number of refugees, sponsored by the government or privately, who arrived in Ottawa in 2014
A Christmas tree for refugees at St. Matthew High School
Fifteen-year-old Jayden Tadiello is a big Pittsburg Penguins fan, and over the years he's amassed quite a collection of hockey hats. One of their favourite winter ones now sits atop a Christmas tree at St. Matthew High School in Orléans, in lieu of a star, ready to be given to a Syrian refugee.
Jayden and other students from the school organized a campaign to collect winter clothes and boots for the refugees who will be arriving in town during the coldest months of the year.
The coats, hats, mitts, sweaters and boots are piled under a couple of Christmas trees at the school, ready to be sent to the Catholic Centre for Immigrants. The Ottawa Catholic School Board has designated Monday as a fundraising day in support of refugees, but the St. Matthew students are ahead of the curve with their clothing drive.
Their campaign arose out of the school's Me to We club, which encourages students to pick a global issue to work on. Students visited every classroom in the school to ask for donations, said Jacob Victor, 15. “I felt like (students) really wanted to help, it wasn't just like, ‘Oh, we have to.' It made me feel really happy, and kind of warm inside.”
“I feel like everyone has to do their part to make the world a better place,” explains Winnie Moline, 17. Adds Rebecca Bannister, 15: “If we were in their place, wouldn't we want someone to be as welcoming and caring as we are?”
l
(W) Peter Milligan & Various (A) Roberto de la Torre & Various (CA) Russell Dauterman Comics icon Peter Milligan (Hellblazer) joins visionary artists Roberto De La Torre (THE DEATH-DEFYING DR. MIRAGE), Valentine de Landro (Bitch Planet), Robert Gill (BOOK OF DEATH) and many more for the oversized hardcover collection concluding the bonechilling series Bloody Disgusting calls 'the perfect cauldron of mystery.' When a troubled young man with a history of violence and a penchant for blackouts meets an overwhelming source of power with a mystical scythe, the results are doomed to be destructive. A voodoo loa has possessed Jack Boniface - or so they believe. But after Jack awakens in an alleyway covered in blood, they embark on a journey across lands of shadows and death to discover if they can expel the dark force that's seized control of their life?and which may be responsible for a violent rampage throughout New Orleans. Featuring an anthology of tales from a roster of all-star creators - including Jim Zub (Skullkickers), Ales Kot (DEAD DROP), Christopher Sebela (Captain Marvel), and Duff
An old yarn about a classic marketing con game on the secret of wealth instructs you to write a book about how to make a lot of money and sell it through the mail. When your marks receive the book, they discover the secret--write a book about how to make a lot of money and sell it through the mail.
A confidence scheme similar to this can be found in The Secret (Simon & Schuster, 2006), a book and DVD by Rhonda Byrne and a cadre of self-help gurus that, thanks to Oprah Winfrey's endorsement, have now sold more than three million copies combined. The secret is the so-called law of attraction. Like attracts like. Positive thoughts sally forth from your body as magnetic energy, then return in the form of whatever it was you were thinking about. Such as money. "The only reason any person does not have enough money is because they are blocking money from coming to them with their thoughts," we are told. Damn those poor Kenyans. If only they weren't such pessimistic sourpusses. The film's promotional trailer is filled with such vainglorious money mantras as "Everything I touch turns to gold," "I am a money magnet," and, my favorite, "There is more money being printed for me right now." Where? Kinko's?
A pantheon of shiny, happy people assures viewers that The Secret is grounded in science: "It has been proven scientifically that a positive thought is hundreds of times more powerful than a negative thought." No, it hasn't. "Our physiology creates disease to give us feedback, to let us know we have an imbalanced perspective, and we're not loving and we're not grateful." Those ungrateful cancer patients. "You've got enough power in your body to illuminate a whole city for nearly a week." Sure, if you convert your body's hydrogen into energy through nuclear fusion. "Thoughts are sending out that magnetic signal that is drawing the parallel back to you." But in magnets, opposites attract--positive is attracted to negative. "Every thought has a frequency.... If you are thinking that thought over and over again you are emitting that frequency."
The brain does produce electrical activity from the ion currents flowing among neurons during synaptic transmission, and in accordance with Maxwell's equations any electric current produces a magnetic field. But as neuroscientist Russell A. Poldrack of the University of California, Los Angeles, explained to me, these fields are minuscule and can be measured only by using an extremely sensitive superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) in a room heavily shielded against outside magnetic sources. Plus, remember the inverse square law: the intensity of an energy wave radiating from a source is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from that source. An object twice as far away from the source of energy as another object of the same size receives only one-fourth the energy that the closer object receives. The brain's magnetic field of 10 -15 teslas quickly dissipates from the skull and is promptly swamped by other magnetic sources, not to mention the earth's magnetic field of 10-5 tesla, which overpowers it by 10 orders of magnitude!
Ceteris paribus, it is undoubtedly better to think positive thoughts than negative ones. But in the real world, all other things are never equal, no matter how sanguine your outlook. Just ask the survivors of Auschwitz. If the law of attraction is true, then the Jews--along with the butchered Turkish-Armenians, the raped Nanking Chinese, the massacred Native Americans and the enslaved African-Americans--had it coming. The latter exemplar is especially poignant given Oprah's backing of The Secret on their Web site: "The energy you put into the world--both good and bad--is exactly what comes back to you. This means you create the circumstances of your life with the choices you make every day." Africans created the circumstances for Europeans to enslave them?
Oprah, please, withdraw your support of this risible twaddle--as you did when you discovered that James Frey's memoir was a million little lies--and tell your vast following that prosperity comes from a good dollop of hard work and creative thinking, the way you did it.
Correction: The original version of this article used the phrase "nuclear fission" where "nuclear fusion" was intended.
The Michigan team's see through battery. Image: Michigan Engineering/YouTube
Late last week, Samsung released an expanded recall notice for its infamous exploding Galaxy Note 7 phones, asking users to "power down immediately" and send in their phones for a refund. Within a month of the Note 7 release, there had been upwards of 100 reports of the phone exploding or catching on fire, a big enough problem that even the FAA was forced to take notice by banning the phones on all US flights.
The reason the Note 7 phone is so prone to exploding is due to a design issue that places too much pressure on the lithium-ion batteries inside the phone. This pressure can create a hole in the barrier separating the north and south poles of the battery which short circuits the battery and leads to the explosion.
This problem is by no means limited to the lithium-ion batteries in the Note 7: these batteries power most of our phones, laptops, tablets, hoverboards and electric vehicles, which is why a team of researchers from the University of Michigan is watching lithium batteries grow to keep them from exploding.
Technically speaking, the team is watching the formation of lithium dendrites, small spindles of conductive filaments that form inside of the batteries while they are charging and decharging. The formation of these dendrites poses a significant problem, insofar as they significantly reduce the efficiency of the battery by consuming the liquid electrolyte in its core, in addition to causing fires or explosions by creating filaments inside the battery that can lead to a short circuit.
Prior to the Michigan team's research, the formation of these dendrites was poorly understood, but they are crucial to getting better batteries into our consumer electronics and electric vehicles. The idea is to one day move beyond lithium-ion batteries to lithium metal batteries, which are far more efficient. But in order to do this, the problem of dendrite formation must be addressed.
"Lithium-ion, which has really accelerated our use of personal devices over the last two decades is reaching its fundamental limit," said Neil Dasgupta, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Michigan. "However if we move to lithium metal electrodes, we're able to increase this capacity by a factor of ten."
When researchers test batteries using different metals, they usually use something called a coin cell, which is a small circular battery encased in metal. They hook these up to a cycler which charges and decharges the coin cell to see how much energy can be moved through the cell before problems start to emerge. The issue, however, is that this process doesn't really provide much insight into what is happening while the battery is charging or decharging. It's a black box in that sense and only provides researchers with a glimpse into the result of this process.
In order to get a better handle on what is actually going on inside the battery during charging and recharging, the Michigan team created a see-through battery which allows them to use a high resolution microscope to watch dendrite formation in real time.
"We literally created a window to look inside," Dasgupta explains in the video. "We're now able to detect the origins of where and why dendrites form."
Now that the team has gotten a handle on dendrite formation, the trick will be figuring out how to limit this phenomenon over a battery's lifetime.
Dasgupta's colleague Kevin Wood, a postdoctoral fellow at Michigan, imagines a future in which their research leads to electric cars with lithium metal batteries that are so efficient that it is possible to drive from Denver to New York without refueling. In the short term, however, Wood has a far less ambitious goal: "We just don't want [the battery] to blow up."
YANGON, Myanmar — In a remote rural town of Dou Ngan Kha not far from Myanmar's border with Thailand, tribes from the Kayan people gather every year for a National Festival. Through ceremonies, music and dance, the annual event serves to preserve their traditions and celebrate their achievements.
Part of Myanmar's Tibeto-Burman ethnic minority, Kayans have lived here for generations but, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, civil unrest forced many Kayans to flee Myanmar for Thailand. Often misunderstood in their own homeland, the Kayan Lahwi women in particular have become known around the world for the coils of decorative brass rings they wear around their necks.
This month's Festival honoured two filmmakers who have brought the Kayan culture to a wide audience through a feature-length drama that has been acclaimed in Myanmar and further afield.
In front of high-ranking officials, as well as the region's Roman Catholic Archbishop Matthias Shwe and senior Buddhist monks, the creators of Kayan Beauties - writer and director Aung Ko Latt, who is a member of Myanmar's Baha'i community, and screenwriter Hector Carosso from New York City - were presented with awards that expressed the profound appreciation of the Kayan people.
The film tells the story of three Kayan women who travel from their village to sell handicrafts in a distant city. A young girl who has recently acquired their first brass rings accompanies them. In the city, human traffickers abduct the girl. So, far from home and out of their element, the women find themselves involved in a desperate search for their friend.
Aung Ko Latt first visited the region some years ago at the request of Archbishop Shwe to teach music in the villages. They stayed almost eight months.
"From the very beginning, I felt a strong connection to the people and to their culture," said Mr. Latt. "The Archbishop has been a strong advocate of the Kayan, often offering refuge to them and other groups. Through our conversations, I had the spark of an idea for the film."
Minority groups are, as a whole, marginalized in Myanmar, explained Hector Carosso, "and with regard to films, normally not considered. And the horrible reality of human trafficking is growing in every country of the world."
Mr. Latt's desire to create a film about the Kayan was very much motivated by their Baha'i beliefs. "Very simply, humankind is one," they said. "Kayan Beauties is a movie for humankind, containing lessons and ideas for all humans."
"No religion accepts discrimination, trafficking and selling people. Also, the promotion of women's empowerment is strong in the story. It shows that in remote areas and villages, there are real people; they are not somehow less than city people."
The recognition at the Kayan National Festival is not the first time in recent months that Kayan Beauties has won acclaim. It received the Special Jury Award at the ASEAN International Film Festival in Kuching, Malaysia, becoming the first film in Myanmar's history to win an international accolade. Last December, at the 56th Annual Myanmar Academy Awards, Mr. Latt won in the Best Cinematographer category and the film also took the award for Best Sound. Kayan Beauties was the first Myanmar film to incorporate the international standard of Dolby digital sound technology.
To produce the film, its makers were faced with some major technical, logistical and financial obstacles, along with overcoming censorship issues. All the equipment had to be sourced from other countries and the Myanmar crew trained to learn how to use it. Permission also had to be sought from several different Ministries in order for Mr. Carosso to be able to enter some of the areas where they filmed.
Despite these challenges, the finished film has succeeded in promoting a greater appreciation of the Kayan people and their culture.
"We wanted to show that serious issues can be addressed in Myanmar films and that people will go to watch it, whereas the prior assumption was that only comedies, action films and weepy dramas could capture the audience," said Mr. Latt.
"The challenge now is for future filmmakers in Myanmar to address other serious issues in dramatic and compelling ways."
Houston Texans running back Tyler Ervin (34) runs with the football past linebacker Brian Peters (52) after making a catch during Texans training camp at Houston Methodist Training Center on Monday, Aug. 1, 2016, in Houston. less Houston Texans running back Tyler Ervin (34) runs with the football past linebacker Brian Peters (52) after making a catch during Texans training camp at Houston Methodist Training Center on Monday, Aug. 1, ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 123 Caption Close Texans' rookie Tyler Ervin healthy, showing versatility 1 / 123 Back to Gallery
Now that Texans rookie running back Tyler Ervin is fully recovered from a strained quadriceps that sidelined them for the majority of the offseason, the fourth-round draft pick is displaying their versatility and quickness.
A former San Jose State standout, Ervin is primed for a role as a kick returner and is also competing for third-down back duties with Jonathan Grimes working behind starter Lamar Miller.
"We've got a diverse group of guys," Ervin said. "I think it's great to have a lot of guys who can go in there and get the job done. I'm just going to come in here and work hard. I think that's one of the things I do best is to work hard and continue to strive to be the best player I can be."
Signed to a four-year, $2.877 million contract that includes a $547,568 signing bonus, Ervin negotiated their own deal this spring after firing their agent following the NFL draft.
Ervin rushed for 1,469 yards and 13 touchdowns last season. They had 888 yards and four touchdowns as a junior.
Over the past two seasons, Ervin caught 73 passes for 642 yards. They excelled at the Senior Bowl all-star game.
Ervin worked out privately for the Texans prior to the draft. They visited the Carolina Panthers, Cleveland Browns, New Orleans Saints, New England Patriots, Los Angeles Rams, San Francisco 49ers and Oakland Raiders.
What Ervin lacks in size at 5-10, 192 pounds, they make up for with 4.41 speed in the 40-yard dash and elusive moves. They had a 39-inch vertical leap and bench pressed 225 pounds 17 times. They ran the 40-yard dash in 4.36 seconds at their Pro Day workout after running a 4.41 at the combine.
"Yeah you have some guys that are bigger for the goal line and short yardage," Ervin said. "You have some guys who are a little faster and quick. I think like I said earlier, we've got a diverse group of guys who can get the job done. Whatever situation we're in, we have somebody to put in."
Ervin has been mentored by Miller, a former Miami Dolphins starter signed to a four-year, $26 million deal in March.
"Lamar is great," Ervin said. "One thing is he's very patient and not only that, he's just great to be around. I'm learning a lot from him."
Amazon kicks off its third annual Prime Day sale on the evening of Monday, July 10, with deals available to subscribers of its Prime annual membership in 13 countries.
Amazon has successfully used the incentive of Prime Day access in the past to boost the ranks of Prime members, who spend more and stick around longer, making them Amazon's most valuable customers.
Here's how to think about Prime Day 2017, based on earlier years and what Amazon has announced:
There will be some good deals
BestBlackFriday.com analyzed last year's Prime Day prices and found that 77% were lower than on the Black Friday shopping holiday in the fall, with 13% of the prices equal on both days.
Relatively few Prime Day deals are truly amazing
Gadget review site the Wirecutter last year recommended only 64 Prime Day deals of the nearly 8,000 it scanned. You can paste Amazon product page urls into the CamelCamelCamel site to see how good the price is for a specific item compared to what Amazon has historically charged.
Amazon's own devices will be on sale
If last year is any guide, Amazon will offer significant discounts on its own devices, such as Fire tablets, Kindle e-readers, Fire digital-TV streaming sticks, and Echo smart speakers. The Echo was just $129.99 last year on Prime Day, compared to its usual $179.99. Amazon sold “hundreds of thousands” of Kindles on Prime Day last year. The Fire TV Stick was the best-selling Amazon device.
Amazon has promised deals on television sets this year
The company said there will be “amazing TV deals, with a variety of great brands including the all new Element 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV.” Amazon said it “is planning one of its largest total volume TV deals in history with a record level of inventory but once again, the TV deals will likely sell out.” It sold 90,000 TVs on Prime Day 2016.
Ordering via an Amazon device will activate additional savings
Amazon is giving shoppers ordering using its voice-activated service on devices such as the Echo extra discounts and providing them with access to some Prime Day sales two hours before everyone else.
Amazon has already started releasing some deals
The online retailer is offering discounts on subscriptions for ebooks, audio books, and music ahead of Prime Day. Prime Day sales on La Croix sparkling water, Coppertone sunscreen, beer and wine, and other products have already started under Amazon's Prime Now two-hour delivery program, in cities where it's available.
From within Amazon's free app, you can view deals 24 hours before they go live, and sign up to be alerted when a sale you're interested in starts.
Prime Day is longer than a day
The sales start at 9pm ET on Monday, July 10, and run through 3am ET on July 12, making the sale 30 hours long.
You can get help to find the best deals once Prime Day kicks off
The Wirecutter is posting the best deals it finds on Twitter and its deals page. New York magazine is providing its own list.
Don't forget to raise funds for charities while you shop
If you shop through smile.amazon.com and designate a charity, Amazon will give it a percentage of the value of your purchases.
You'd probably be happier if you ignore Prime Day and plan your next vacation instead
Research consistently shows that doing things makes people happier than having things. Spending money on, say, a plane ticket for a vacation is more satisfying in the long run than purchasing a new television for the same price.
Republican Gov. Paul LePage said the state will investigate college students who vote in Maine to make sure they follow state law. The governor's comment came after officials at Bates College said orange fliers distributed at dorms and at the dining hall are a "deliberate attempt at voter suppression." The fliers said students must pay to change their driver's licenses to Lewiston within 30 days to register and vote. It also states they must pay to re-register vehicles. Democratic Secretary of State Matt Dunlap says the information in the fliers is false. They say enrolled students living in the community can vote. The Maine ACLU called on the Department of Justice to investigate the intent behind LePage's statement, which the group said was to make college students afraid to vote.
Republican Gov. Paul LePage said the state will investigate college students who vote in Maine to make sure they follow state law.
The governor's comment came after officials at Bates College said orange fliers distributed at dorms and at the dining hall are a "deliberate attempt at voter suppression." The fliers said students must pay to change their driver's licenses to Lewiston within 30 days to register and vote. It also states they must pay to re-register vehicles.
Advertisement Related Content Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump sprint to finish
Democratic Secretary of State Matt Dunlap says the information in the fliers is false. They say enrolled students living in the community can vote.
The Maine ACLU called on the Department of Justice to investigate the intent behind LePage's statement, which the group said was to make college students afraid to vote.
AlertMe
All photos by Simon Coutu
A protest by Storm Alliance, a Quebec-based group that describes itself as "ultra-nationalistic," temporarily shut down a portion of the Canadian-American border on Saturday afternoon.
The gathering saw a few hundred Storm Alliance members and supporters, which included members of the far-right group La Meute, show up to denounce illegal immigration and the policies of Prime Minister Trudeau. The crew of several hundred were met by around 100 counterprotesters brought in by buses by Solidarity Across Borders.
The groups converged just outside of the small Quebec town Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle. Several hundred of kilometres away a similar protest was taking place in downtown Ottawa.
The Quebec town has come into the spotlight in recent months for a wave of unsanctioned border crossings near Roxham Road. Here is where tens of thousands of refugees have made their way from the United States in the last year—over 5,000 crossed in August alone. In response to the influx of border crossers, which has slowed as of late, Canada has set up a makeshift refugee camp.
Storm Alliance headed for the partially dismantled camp, which still temporarily houses refugees from America—however, they were blocked from ever arriving there by the counterprotesters. Simon Coutu, a VICE Quebec reporter, was at the protests and spoke with members on both sides. At the rally, Dave Tregget, the founder and leader of Storm Alliance, said that the sizable group wanted to make an impression with their protest and that they weren't going to hesitate to defend themselves if things got intense.
"It is a symbolic and highly publicized event," Tregget said in French. "We are here to denounce the Liberal government, but it certainly has a link with immigration."
Much like what is seen at the US-Mexico border, some in Canada believe that those crossing the border are "illegal immigrants." In the last year or so, as the crossings have sped up, become politicized, and covered more by media, a movement against these crossers has rapidly grown. The movement has sprouted arm-and-arm with one that believes Sharia law is coming to Canada in the form of refugees and a small but growing Muslim population.
In a response to the protest, Canada's border service announced on Twitter that the crossing was closed. The closure lasted for about five hours and was reopened shortly before 4 PM EST. So, in the end, the rally against illegal immigration ironically shut down a very real border.
A large contingent of police, some decked out in riot gear, separated the two groups for the duration of the protest which wrapped up in the mid-afternoon. Cora Lemonyne, one of the people on the counter-protest side of the dueling rallies, believes that the counter protesting against groups like this is a necessary action and that Storm Alliance's loud denouncement of racism and the extreme-right is simple PR spin.
"They're making signs of peace, but on social networks, they've been making threats for months and they're violent," said the veiled woman, a long-time anti-fascist. "They have Islamophobic, racist, homophobic and transphobic statements. I am here to remind them that freedom of speech and hate speech are not the same thing."
The "security" provided by Storm Alliance confronted anti-fascist protesters directly by showing up in white masks. The masks mimicked an often-criticized tactic of Antifa organizers to wear black masks to cover their faces.
"We thought we were going to send a message to the left that it is not pleasant to show up and hide," Tregget said. "We also want the authorities to understand the message that if we hide the whole gang, they will not appreciate it."
Tregget said their team was not afraid to use force if provoked. "Security is here to support the work of the police. We do not want to hurt anyone. But we will defend ourselves if the Antifas attack us. We want to unmask them. We have people here who will document the counter-demonstrators and we will hand the information over to the police."
This isn't the first excursion that Storm Alliance made to the Roxham Road border crossing. Earlier in the year, the group began making their way to the location in an effort to "observe" the crossing. VICE spoke to Dave Tregget, the founder of Storm Alliance, at the time of their initial visits and were told that the group just "wanted to see what was going on."
The rally was a strong showing by Storm Alliance, a group not even a year old. The organization was born out of the recently splintered Soldiers of Odin group. The Soldiers of Odin are a far right group founded in Finland by a self-described white supremacist named Mika Ranta. The group came to Canada and set up chapters across the country in late 2015. However, as is typical in groups such as this, in-fighting arrived just quick as the group.
Tregget's group was born out of that infighting. The former leader of the Quebec chapter of the Soldiers of Odin, believing the group had become too racist for their taste and sick of the constant comparison to the Finnish group, left in late 2016. From there they were branded a traitor by the group and, with other people who departed from SOO, Tregget founded Storm Alliance. They disagree with the term far-right being used a descriptor for their group, telling VICE in May that they preferred the term "ultra-nationalistic."
"I want to block access to the Storm Alliance," said one masked Antifa demonstrator who wanted to remain anonymous. "There can be no opposition without confrontation, our ideologies are too different."
"We oppose the principle of closed borders," the protester added. "We want to allow more people to take refuge here to protect themselves from all the oppressions that exist in the world."
Shawn Beauvais-Macdonald at the rally.
One of the people who attended the protest on the side of Storm Alliance was Shawn Beauvais-Macdonald, a former member of La Muerte who suspended after attending the deadly rally in Charlottesville earlier in the year.
"I don't believe in the rhetoric that globalization is good for anyone," said Beauvais-Macdonald when asked about why they were at the rally. "These people are acting like they're fighting the system but they're doing exactly what the system wants—just letting endless hordes of people in without checks."
Beauvais-Macdonald attended the rally with a helmet, something, again, typical of protests in the United States where clashes between anti-racists and the far-right have become routine. However, despite the appearances, Beauvais-Macdonald stated they were not there for confrontation.
"They [Antifa] feel that the philosophies that we're putting forward are violence in themselves, so that's how they justify using violence against us. I'm just ready to protect my brain and my eyes and what else and if someone comes into my personal space to hurt me, I will hurt them."
Follow Mack Lamoureux on Twitter.
People walk past a mural on a restaurant wall depicting GOP presidential hopeful Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin greeting each other with a kiss in the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius on May 13. (Petras Malukas/AFP)
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
David Sanger has quite the New York Times story this a.m.:
Proving the source of a cyberattack is notoriously difficult. But researchers have concluded that the [Democratic Party] national committee was breached by two Russian intelligence agencies, which were the same attackers behind previous Russian cyberoperations at the White House, the State Department and the Joint Chiefs of Staff last year. And metadata from the released emails suggests that the documents passed through Russian computers. Though a hacker claimed responsibility for giving the emails to WikiLeaks, the same agencies are the prime suspects. Whether the thefts were ordered by Mr. Putin, or just carried out by apparatchiks who thought they might please him, is anyone's guess. … It was a remarkable moment: Even at the height of the Cold War, it was hard to find a presidential campaign willing to charge that its rival was essentially secretly doing the bidding of a key American adversary. But the accusation is emerging as a theme of Mrs. Clinton's campaign, as part of an attempt to portray Mr. Trump not only as an isolationist, but also as one who would go soft on confronting Russia as it threatens nations that have shown too much independence from Moscow or, in the case of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, joined NATO.
Sanger's story is simply the cherry on top of the suspicion sundae that has been building over the weekend. An awful lot of security contractors have reached this assessment. So have political writers. For example, as commentators, TPM's Josh Marshall and Bloomberg's Eli Lake do not agree on much. In recent days, however, both of them have written pieces suggesting that Vladimir Putin's Russia was likely behind both the hack of Democratic National Committee emails and the sending of them to Wikileaks.
Lake's column contains a source that's quite surprising:
Mike Flynn, who served as Defense Intelligence Agency director between 2012 and 2014 and is an adviser to the Trump campaign, told me they wouldn't be surprised if the Russians were behind the DNC hack. “Both China and Russia have the full capability to do this,” they said. “If someone were to find out Russia did this I would not be surprised at all.”
Marshall's column is more ambitious in its allegations:
At a minimum, Trump appears to have a deep financial dependence on Russian money from persons close to Putin. And this is matched to a conspicuous solicitousness to Russian foreign policy interests where they come into conflict with US policies which go back decades through administrations of both parties. There is also something between a non-trivial and a substantial amount of evidence suggesting Putin-backed financial support for Trump or a non-tacit alliance between the two men.
Indeed, as Cheryl Rofer and Franklin Foer have documented suggestive links between members of Donald Trump's campaign and the Russian government. Then there are the financial interconnections between Trump's business and Russia. Last month the Post wrote about the Trump family's dependence on Russian finance and interest in Russian projects. And it is no secret that the Russian government has deployed a variety of tactics to influence Western democracies ranging from disinformation campaigns to troll armies.
[Inside Trump's financial ties to Russia and their unusual flattery of Vladimir Putin]
The smoke has gotten thick enough to require a dismissive Trump tweet:
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2016
Indeed, this would be laughable on its face in a normal election cycle if it wasn't for the fact that:
Donald Trump is the GOP nominee for president; Trump also tweets stuff like this:
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will they become my new best friend? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 19, 2013
So there's a LOT of smoke. Is there any fire? That is to say, is there any proper causal evidence that Donald J. Trump is a patsy of Vladimir Putin?
No, I don't see it. Yet.
First of all, let's dismiss the part of this story that connects folks like Paul Manafort, Carter Page and Mike Flynn to Russia. Those links are there, but they are also irrelevant for the campaign. If there is anything we have learned about Donald Trump's campaign to date, it's that non-family underlings don't matter. Foreign policy advisers like Page or Flynn certainly don't matter. I'm not saying that these connections are not worth exploring, just that they are not part of some master grand plan.
Second of all, while the evidence for Russia being behind the DNC hack is certainly suggestive, it's far from ironclad. Click here, here and here for some critical pushback on these stories. I certainly think the link merits further investigation. But I'm uncomfortable with the ironclad casual assertion that “Russia was behind this” that is starting to form inside the Beltway.
The third and hardest part of this story to dismiss is the money trail. As Marshall noted, Trump has increased their debt load and the dirty little secret is that most U.S. banks don't loan money to Trump because they don't trust him. And as Spoiler Alerts discussed last month, “I'm beginning to wonder if [Trump's] motivation to win now is less about making America great again and more about avoiding yet another Trump bankruptcy.” Cozying up to Russia and Russian money would certainly be one way of bolstering their finances. And one wonders if the reason that Trump won't release their tax returns is because it would expose Trump's reliance on foreign money to prop up their companies.
This story is of a kind as stories that accuse Hilary Clinton of being compromised because of foreign sources of funding for the Clinton Global Initiative. Correlation does not prove causation. Just because funders might want to influence powerful people doesn't mean that they actually do. Indeed, in some cases the ideological affinity was preexisting. The evidence suggests, for example, that Trump had been enamored with Russia for some time, probably because the plethora of plutocrats there jibe most closely with Trump's view of how to navigate the world. It's not like Putin needed to change Trump's mind on anything — Trump's headspace was already there.
All of this justifies further investigative journalism, but I'm queasy with immediately making the leap from “Russia is behind the DNC hack” to “Russia is trying to put a patsy in the White House.” But there are two conclusions I do draw from this ongoing story. The first is that I really wish those writers who have critiqued the Trump-Russia ties were as vigilant and careful when talking about whether Hillary Clinton has been compromised by foreign funding for the Clinton Global Initiative.
The second is that, even though I don't buy this story yet, the damning thing about Donald Trump and their odd campaign is that one cannot dismiss the allegations out of hand, either. Which is probably why the Clinton campaign will be pushing this argument as hard as humanly possible.
One day after Peyton Manning notified the Miami Dolphins they are out of the running for their services, Denver Broncos representatives on Friday chartered a private plane to Raleigh-Durham (N.C.) International Airport to work out the free-agent quarterback.
Manning staged their workout Friday at nearby Duke University for a Broncos contingent led by John Elway, the team's executive vice president of football operations, and coach John Fox. They were joined by general manager Brian Xanders, offensive coordinator Mike McCoy, quarterbacks coach Adam Gase and medical personnel.
After their plane touched down at 1:07 p.m. ET, the Broncos' brass left the airport in a white van for the Duke campus.
"We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today in N.C.," Elway tweeted after the session. "He threw the ball great and looked very comfortable out there. Watching them throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton. It was a productive visit and went well."
Along with Denver, the Tennessee Titans expect to work out Manning, but no date has been set, NFL Network's Michael Lombardi reported Friday. Jonathan Hutton of the Titans Sports Network later reported via Twitter that Manning will work out for the team Saturday in Knoxville, Tenn.
Also, a surprise third team, the San Francisco 49ers, has entered the fold. Lombardi confirmed an ESPN report Friday that Manning worked out for coach Jim Harbaugh and offensive coordinator Greg Roman at Duke on Tuesday night and underwent a physical Wednesday.
Teams likely want to see Manning throw the ball "60 to 70" times, according to NFL Network's Mike Mayock, and "want to see if they still have the same arm strength that they did in the first 20 throws."
Added Mayock: "If I'm the Denver Broncos and I'm going to put a significant financial investment into Peyton Manning, what I want to see is pretty much what I usually see at the college workouts for the top-level college players ... if I get Peyton Manning, and it's a healthy Peyton Manning, I'm thinking Super Bowl."
Despite having Xanders and "money people" present for the Broncos, no signing will take place Friday, ESPN reported.
The parameters of the five-year, $90 million deal Manning signed with the Indianapolis Colts in August are serving as the starting point for negotiations on their next NFL contract, a source with knowledge of the situation told NFL Network's Albert Breer.
Manning has been throwing at Duke under the direction of David Cutcliffe, Duke's head coach and Manning's former offensive coordinator at the University of Tennessee. Cutcliffe, who also coached Eli Manning at the University of Mississippi, was present during Manning's throwing session on Friday.
"It's hard to count the number of balls. Probably 50 or 60 throws and he's throwing the football well," Cutcliffe told ESPN. "He's worked hard to get to this point."
One team off the board is Miami. Manning phoned the Dolphins on Thursday to inform the organization it was out of the running for their services, multiple sources told NFL.com's Jeff Darlington.
It was widely believed over the last 24 hours that Manning would not sign with Miami, but neither side had formally removed themselves from the mix before the former Colts quarterback informed the team Thursday.
Lombardi reported Manning has said before that "Miami is a great place to vacation, but you don't want to play there."
Also, Arizona Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt said Friday that they were prepared to move forward without Manning after giving quarterback Kevin Kolb a $7 million bonus.
(CNN) -- U.S. nonprofits are straining under the weight of the recession, with many expecting to sustain permanent financial damage, a survey shows.
Most nonprofits anticipate the recession will have a long-term or permanent negative effect, according to a survey.
The survey by Nonprofit Finance Fund focused on 986 nonprofits, including "lifeline" organizations that many depend on for basics such as food and shelter.
Only 16 percent of the nonprofits expect to cover their operating expenses this year, while 52 percent anticipate the recession will have a long-term or permanent negative effect on their organizations.
"The survey reveals the precarious state of a sector that is continually asked to do more with less," Clara Miller, president of NFF, said in a statement.
"Lifeline organizations, 91 percent of which focus on serving vulnerable populations, simply will not be around to provide critical services if we continue with current practices," they said.
Almost all -- 93 percent -- expect an increase in demand for services this year.
The organizations said they are taking steps to adjust, including cutting programs, reducing salaries and delaying paying vendors.
"Like many other nonprofits, we have had to make cuts that directly and negatively affect the people we serve," said survey respondent Felix Rouse, chief executive officer of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Newark. "We have temporarily closed one of our five sites. We have reduced our program offerings from 47 to 30, and have had to lay off about 25 employees (28 percent of the workforce)."
The Nonprofit Finance Fund, which provides loans and access to grants to nonprofits, urged organizations to team up with those who fund them to find innovative ways to address the challenges and continue serving the needy.
"This recession is forcing the issue of how to better invest in what works for the benefit of society," Miller said.
All About Boys & Girls Clubs of America
Mark Hughes has launched a £12million offer for Manchester City midfielder Fabian Delph.
Hughes, the Stoke manager, wants the England international to become their third signing of the summer and is ready to lodge a significant cash offer, with City reluctant to sanction a loan move. West Brom have also had talks over a possible deal and, at this stage, it appears to be a straight fight between the two Midlands clubs over the midfielder's signature.
But Stoke have moved to the front of the race after stepping up their interest in the last 48 hours as Hughes attempts to strengthen their squad.
Delph, 27, has been made available by Pep Guardiola this summer and is on the market for around £12million, two years after their controversial move from Aston Villa to the Etihad Stadium.
Hughes has identified the recruitment of an energetic midfielder as a priority despite the capture of Darren Fletcher from West Brom, and wants Delph to follow the Scot by moving to the bet365 Stadium.
View more!
Newcastle are also believed to be keen on Delph but may struggle to pay the fee required by Manchester City.
Hughes said: "We have asked for an idea in terms of the possibility of doing something with Fabian Delph.
"He is one of a number of players we are looking at, but we speak to a lot of clubs and ask about their plans for certain players.
"Fabian is one that we have asked about, because they are a good footballer, but with certain deals you are in the hands of other clubs.
"We are very active in the market at the moment, and we are hopeful that things will begin to move quickly for us."
Delph has struggled for minutes at Manchester City Credit: Reuters
Stoke fly out to Switzerland on Sunday for a mini-tour, in which they will play Neuchatel Xamax, Young Boys Bern and Monaco.
Hughes is also working on player departures, with Jon Walters poised to complete a £3m move to Burnley over the weekend. Glenn Whelan is expected to join Aston Villa for a fee of just over £1m.
Record £18.3m signing Giannelli Imbula, Philipp Wollscheid, Marc Muniesa and Joselu are also available to raise money for further transfers.
Flame the movie Bush War film review
Flame the movie is a Zimbabwean film set during the Bush War
A work of fiction, based loosely on the accounts of women who fought in this liberation struggle. The film is included here because it takes place during the Bush War that preceded the transition of Rhodesia to Zimbabwe. It starts in 1975, & ends a year after independence.
The sexual abuse of women during the war years has been largely overlooked. It has been in the news more recently.
Although out of circulation, it can be found on-line for those interested in looking – Flame (1996)
Flame the movie Plot
The plot follows the story of two young Mashonaland girls, Florence & Nyasha. The plot takes them from their simple rural home life, through insurgent training camps in neighbouring Mozambique, & into post liberation Harare. Everything changes during this traumatic journey that takes them childhood to adulthood, including their very names.
Initially, we see life in an outwardly peaceful, idyllic village where although poor, girls laugh, & go about their lives. The violent undercurrent beneath this facade is quickly revealed. The Bush War has split people's loyalties between the government Security Forces & the Insurgents. Both sides want something from the villagers – The former wants intelligence while the latter wants recruits.
Both factions are shown as violent, but the insurgents have the same ethnicity & speak the same home language as the girls. After initially being forced to take them food the girls are gradually enticed by the insurgents. Florence, by romance & excitement & Nyasha by the promise of a better life. The rhetoric of freedom is hard to resist.
Although best friends, the girls are very different. Florence is pretty & aims to meet a rich man & marry. Nyasha, an orphan, is an academic student who aims to further their life with study.
The turning point comes when Florence's father is taken away for questioning by the security forces, after being turned in by a man who they owed money to. The indebted father is picked up from the village, leaving the family feeling hurt, angry & vulnerable. This incident, coming on top of Florence's attraction to & prompting by an insurgent named “Danger” leads to them setting off to join the fight. Nyasha reluctantly accompanies them friend.
The young girls walk for weeks through the bush & finally cross the river to join an insurgent training camp in Mozambique. At first they are greeted with suspicion, but later accepted. Life at the camp is hard, & they are starved, Florence is raped. They are stripped of their names for security reasons, Florence & Nyasha become Flame & Freedom.
Despite, or maybe because of this, a sense of comradeship develops. The girls are trained to be fighters. They go out on missions & fight in the bush. Florence learns their father has been killed. Later, they make peace with & then forms a relationship with their rapist after they apologise to them This liaison results in them giving birth to a son, Hondo.
Florence aka Flame loses their son & their father to an air strike on the camp in Mozambique by Rhodesia's Air Force. This results in a numbing anger that turns them into a well-respected, fearless insurgent fighter while Nyasha (aka Freedom) studies further & joins the administrative ranks.
The war ends. The insurgents have won. A Rhodesian helicopter & pilot lands & an officer delivers the news while the Ex Rhodesian/Now Zimbabwean Air Force is shown looking uncomfortable but professional. They & their co-pilot are clearly unhappy with the outcome, while the Insurgents/ Freedom Fighters celebrate. Some choose to return to their homes, while others stay to form part of the new post liberation government forces.
Florence goes back home. They marry “Danger” after reuniting with their family in the village. Them life continues as it did before, but their husband starts behaving like their father used to. They lose their job & starts drinking. They strike them
Florence, still has some of the spark that they acquired as Flame. They tell their husband that they are going, & sets off to Harare to find their old friend, Nyasha. The girls have not been in contact since the war.
Nyasha works in an office, & discovers that although women were actively encouraged to fight & assume men's roles during the war, in post-war Zimbabwe they are once again regarded as inferior to men. They have had to find their way in the same patriarchal society that existed before the war.  They are well qualified, but has a secretarial role.
Florence locates their friend in an office in Harare. Nyasha is not able to drop everything & follow Florence right away, but offers their address & and some taxi fare. Florence declines the money, but takes the address.
Later, they nearly miss each other. Florence finds the flat, but Nyasha is not home. They pin a photograph from an old newspaper article on the door. Florence reaches home just in time, & the girls reunite. Nyasha offers to help Florence pass a test to secure employment in Harare.
The movie ends with the Heroes Day Parade in Harare. Florence convinces Nyasha to accompany them to the celebrations, & there is a moment as they watch the air force fly over that brings bad memories back to Florence/Flame. It passes quickly, & the group of comrades claps & dance & celebrate.
Near the end of the movie, the girls continue to greet using the term “A luta continua”, (the struggle continues.) It is unclear whether this is due to nostalgia, or whether it references the current regime. It would seem likely to be the former, but if so, it's ironic nonetheless.
Flame the Movie – Controversy
The movie was confiscated by police who deemed it “subversive & pornographic” – The Veterans Association of Zimbabwe were unhappy about the rape scene & although the film clearly states it is fiction, they said that was “full of lies”.
Thoughts about Flame – The film
I was surprised to see Oxfam listed under the sponsors for this film. Unsure why, I guess I assumed money donated to Oxfam went to feeding people & supported water projects. That said, they might have been attracted by the slant the movie took on celebrating the role of women in the struggle for independence. I can only guess as Oxfam doesn't mention supporting the arts on its site.
The role of African women has always been tough. Things are changing, albeit slowly.
It is sad that in many aspects, the struggle for the liberation of Zimbabwe continues. The current regime seems to be, for poorer African women especially, just as authoritarian as the regime it replaced.
Florence/Flame, like many, find it hard to adjust to post war peace. Like many who suffer from PTSD due to the Liberation/Bush war, they find some short-lived comfort in the company of their fellow ex soldiers. The battle for their character is, in many ways, still being fought
I LIKE
Shot in Zimbabwe with a Zimbabwean cast. No Americans with weird accents – Whoop!
A film by a woman, about women
After confiscation, the film was released following international protest & shown at the cinemas.
Women's roles in anything important need highlighting, & ZANLA guerrillas played a big role in the war.
Movies on Africa remain scarce, so I like that this was made
I DISLIKE
War is always tragic. Right & wrong all go into the melting pot when it comes to the inevitable human suffering
The movie was not made by an African. Like most African stories, it was made by a foreign person. This will continue until Africans take back real control & tell their own stories.
Memorable moments
There are so many in Flame, the movie, that it's hard to choose. One moment I remember is where Che, rapist tells Flame that they are has a wife & children & after they apologise for the rape, they tell them that war turns men into animals.
Film Credits:
By Ingrid Sinclair : Producers Joel Phiri & Simon Bright : Stars Marian Kunonga as Florence/Flame : Ulla Mahaka as Nyasha/Liberty : Moise Matura as Che : Norman Madawo as Danger:
Photo is public domain, from here
Warning: the analysis of this song deals with disturbing subject matters.
What is Rihanna's Umbrella song about? First times I've heard this song, I was confused. Is it about a woman's unconditional friendship for their man? Is it a “sexy song”? At face value, it seems so. However, if you listen closely to Rihanna and Jay-Z's words, you might notice that the lyrics do not make any sense. The vocabulary used in this song is not about a relationship between two lovers. The fact is, Umbrella is about a subject matter that is sinister, dark and disturbing: becoming possessed by evil.
What does “under my umbrella” mean?
In a nutshell, the song talks about a storm that's about to take place and Rihanna offers their loved one protection under their umbrella. In this song, “You can stand under my umbrella” can have a sexual connotation but it mostly means “You can be under my protection”. When you are under something's protection, this something has more power than you regarding your own security. You depend on it. It has control over you. IT possesses you. The song is not about love between woman and man, it's about being protected. It is not an equal relationship. The one that protects basically owns the person that is protected.
Analyzing the song
The first thing that you need to know about the song's lyrics is that Rihanna sings the whole song but they actually take on two roles. During the first half of the song, they play the role of an evil entity that is trying to seduce and possess Rihanna. For the purpose of this analysis, we'll call this entity the Devil. The second role they play is herself. So the song is basically a dialog between the Devil and Rihanna. The video of the song makes this very clear and we'll explain how later.
What is possession?
Possession, in relationship to non-human entities, deals with the phenomena wherein a non-human entity controls the human being through various methods. In possession, the human being cannot think for themselves. Instead, their thoughts are given to them by their possessor. We'll see how the Devil tries and succeeds at possessing Rihanna in this song. There is a reason why the album is called “Good Girl Gone Bad”.
Jay-Z's verse
So the song starts off with a verse of rapper Jay-Z. They play the role of someone that has already been possessed and already “under the umbrella” of the Devil. Here's their verse:
No clouds in my stones
Let it rain, I hydroplane in the bank
Coming down with the Dow Jones
When the clouds come we have gone, we Rocafella
We fly higher than weather
And G5's are better, You know me,
an anticipation, for precipitation. Stacked chips for the rainy day
Jay, Rain Man is back with little Ms. Sunshine
Rihanna where you at?
Explanation
“No clouds in my stones
Let it rain, I hydroplane in the bank
Coming down with the Dow Jones”
So the “storm” is in fact related to the economy and the financial world. “Coming down with the Dow Jones” reflects this situation. The Dow Jones is the main indicator of the health of the stock market. If it plummets, we can talk about a market crash. You'll notice that the whole song has a pessimistic outlook concerning the future. Jay-Z is saying “Let it rain”, they don't care about the financial crisis, they “hydroplanes in the bank”. In other words, while the bank is being flooded by this storm and people are drowning in it, he's above the water and surviving the crisis.
When the clouds come we have gone, we Rocafella
In other words, when the financial crisis will occur, we won't be here to suffer through it. “Rocafella” is the name of Jay-Z's record label. It also refers to John D. Rockefeller and their family, the biggest industrialists in American History and huge actors in the formation of the social-economic world we're currently living in. Many historians claim the Rockefellers have engineered the crash of 1929 to be able to obtain a stronghold on America's banking system. Congressman Charles A. Lindberg Sr. accurately proclaimed in 1930:“From now on depressions will be scientifically created.”
We fly higher than weather
And G5's are better, You know me,
“We fly higher than the weather” means that Jay-Z cannot be affected by the financial crisis because they are above the problem. They enjoy a protection that makes them invulnerable to the storm. The fact that they say “WE fly higher than the weather” implies that a select few can have the same kind of privileges they have. G5 is a kind of private jet so they will live in luxury even when the crisis strikes the rest of the world.
an anticipation, for precipitation. Stacked chips for the rainy day
Jay-Z says here that they were expecting this major crisis (the precipitation) and so they have prepared financially to face it. Seems like they had prior knowledge of the events that would occur in the future. Are they talking about the recession that is happening now?
Jay, Rain Man is back with little Ms. Sunshine
Rihanna where you at?
Jay aka “Rain Man”. They have been possessed by the Devil, contrarily to Rihanna, who they call “little Ms. Sunshine”. Rihanna is the good girl. Jay-Z is already bad and they are asking Rihanna to join him.
So Jay-Z lyrics have NOTHING to do with love, friendship or any type of relationship. Their lyrics are saying that they are part of the “chosen”, the elite, the secret group that cannot be harmed by the trials and tribulations of the “small people”. Even if there's a major crisis, he's associated with the very people that make those crises happen, so they won't be affected. This group, however, bows down and worships evil. If Rihanna wants to be part of them, they have to do the same.
Rihanna's lyrics
You have my heart
And we'll never be worlds apart
May be in magazines
But you'll still be my star
Baby cause in the dark
You can't see shiny cars
And that's when you need me there
With you I'll always share
Rihanna sings this part, but it is actually the Devil talking to Rihanna.  They are “sweet-talking” them so they can accept the idea of the Devil entering their body. Here's how we can translate the lyrics.
I love you
Even if I'm not from your world, I'll never be far from you
You may be famous and in magazines
But you'll always be MY star, nobody else's
Because when you won't be successful anymore
When you won't be able to buy shiny cars and material things
That's when you'll need my protection
With you I'll always share my riches
So the Devil is offering Rihanna a lifetime of riches and luxury, even when she'll lose their popularity and stop generating money from their singing career. Tempting, isn't it?
Chorus
When the sun shines, we'll shine together
Told you I'll be here forever
Said I'll always be your friend
Took an oath I'm going to stick it out till the end
Now it's raining more than ever
But we'll still have each other
You can stand under my umbrella
You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh)
Under my umbrella
(Ella ella eh eh eh)
Under my umbrella
(Ella ella eh eh eh)
Under my umbrella
(Ella ella eh eh eh eh)
Translation:
When you shine from your success, we both profit from it
I will always be part of you
I will always be on your side
I promised you I would protect you and I will do it as long as necessary
Now the financial crisis is afflicting the world
But I'm still here with you
You can be under my protection
You can be under my protection
What's up with the Ella Ella eh's? It sounds catchy, doesn't it? The repetitive and hypnotic rhythm of this chant makes it very reminiscent of magical spells, conjurations or summons.
2nd Verse
These fancy things, will never come in between
You're part of my entity, here for Infinity
When the war has taken it's part
When the world has dealt it's cards
If the hand is hard, together we'll mend your heart
Translation:
All of your material possessions will never separate me and you
You're part of my entity, I own you, until the end of times
When the crisis has ravaged the world
When we'll know the final outcome of the world
If you're in trouble, me and you will stop the pain
“You're part of my entity” is very relevant here because “entity” is not a word in the vocabulary used between loved ones. Nobody will say to his/her lover “You're part of my entity”. An entity is not human.
An entity is something that has a distinct, separate existence, though it need not be a material existence.
-Wikipedia
“Here for Infinity” also gives a non-human feel to the lyrics, as if this power doesn't live or die, it is immortal.
“When the war has taken it's part/ When the world has dealt it's cards” is a particularly gloomy passage. It basically predicts a terrible event that will strike severely the entire world and that will rearrange the way it will function afterward. Once again, we refer to a huge crisis that is about to occur and the Devil is trying to convince Rihanna to let them protect them
Bridge
You can run into my arms
It's okay don't be alarmed
Come into me
There's no distance in between our love
So go on and let the rain pour
I'll be all you need and more
Because
This part is actually a dialogue between the Devil and Rihanna. It is difficult to notice because there's no difference in the tone of voice. The video, however, gives a visual clue of the dialogue by reversing the image when Rihanna answers the Devil.
So, the Devil is telling Rihanna
“You can run into my arms
It's okay don't be alarmed”
Translation:
“You can come and seek my protection
Don't be scared of the crisis”
Rihanna answers “Come into me” as in “come inside of my body and possess me”
Both Rihanna and Devil say: “There's no distance between our love”. The Devil is effectively now INSIDE of her, there's no more distance between them.
And the Devil finishes by saying:
“So go on and let the rain pour
I'll be all you need and more”
Translation:
Let the world get what it deserves, I'll take care of you.
So now that you probably gained another perspective on the song's lyrics, we can proceed to analyze the video, which carries HEAVY symbolism and confirms the theory of the Devil trying to possess Rihanna. The video also adds a layer of interpretation by depicting the process of possession as a rape.
Analyzing the video
At the beginning, we see Jay-Z with six black-clad women. As previously stated, Jay-Z is already possessed in the song. The six women represent Jay-Z's thoughts being controlled.
We see Rihanna dressed in black and wearing a top-hat, a visual clue to represent the evil entity, which is masculine. The long, claw-like fingernails give a sense of a demonic, ungodly creature. When Rihanna starts singing, they move in a sexually seductive way to reflect the Devil's attempt to seduce Rihanna. They want to possess them not only mentally but physically also.
The picture above is the explosion we see in the video right after the first verse. This explosion of chrome-colored liquid represents something truly disturbing: the rape of Rihanna by the Devil.
The frame above represents the rape of Rihanna. Dressed in white and thus embodying “the good girl with values”, Rihanna dances while performing defensive gestures.  They are trying to protect themselves from the chrome liquid, which represents the seminal fluid of the Devil. The liquid hits them a total of 6 times.
We then see Rihanna naked, covered in chrome-colored liquid. Rihanna has been raped by the Devil and covered with theirs s---n. They seem in pain and not herself. On the frame above we see them inside a triangle. This is VERY symbolic. For occultists, an upwards triangle represents the phallus, the p---s, male energy. Rihanna is inside the triangle.  They are completely “owned” and under the spell of the Devil's energy.
=
Look closely at the frame above. It appears very briefly at around 2:46 in the video. It is Rihanna on their knees, their head on the floor. It's also something else: the face of the Devil! It has been made to look like “Baphomet” (see image), who is an intricate part of occult mysteries. You see the two eyes, snout and the antlers. This frame has been digitally manipulated to look like this because it is anatomically incorrect. No human can assume this position in real life. This image has been placed on purpose and only for a fraction of a second. Classic subliminal message.
So Rihanna has been abused and we saw the face of the Devil, so what's next?
Rihanna has now become the “Bad Girl” dressed in black.  They are surrounded by 6 black-clad men (like Jay-Z at the beginning), to represent their state of possession. They dance suggestively with a closed umbrella, which represents a phallus. The Devil has won, they have taken over Rihanna. And they are asking for more. At the end of the song, Rihanna asks their rapists to come into them again. Sick.
It's raining
Ooh baby it's raining
Baby come into me
Come into me
It's raining
Oh baby it's raining
The “ooh baby” makes it clear that we're not talking about raindrops falling from the sky. It means they are wet and ready to welcome the Devil again inside them
The analysis of Rihanna's Umbrella was to prove the fact that the general public is blind to the hidden messages omnipresent in mass media. Kids from all over the world sing and dance to this song while registering unconsciously the hidden layers of symbolism.
$500 will buy you an Xbox One with Titanfall, a PlayStation 4 with a pair of games, or a cheap gaming PC. Another option: the most stunning unofficial Nintendo Entertainment System you've ever seen. Today, Analogue Interactive is opening up pre-orders for the $499 Analogue Nt, which recasts the classic 1980s console as a gorgeous aluminum machine.
Carved out of a single block of the aircraft alloy, the console does come with a few modern luxuries like updated video and audio circuitry, which help provide a clean RGB picture and shielded stereo sound. But otherwise, it's all about preserving the retro purity of the console. It takes original NES and Famicom cartridges, uses original NES and Famicom controllers, and supports peripherals as exotic as the Famicom 3D System and Famicom Disk System if you have them lying around.
It should run like an original NES, too, because it uses the exact same Ricoh 20A3 and 2C02 silicon chips — harvested from old unwanted Famicom systems whose plastic cases have become yellow and brittle over the years. "There is no downloading, updating or installing," says the company. "No patches or DLC. No bullshit to deal with. It's made to play games. That's it. Sit down, plug in a game, press start, and play."
Pre-orders ship this summer. In the meanwhile, get a closer look at Analogue's handiwork in the pictures below.
Picking my Top 6 Publishers was no easy task at all. There are so many great ones out there, that make sure we are never bored. While most of them pretty small, they all add something special to the world of board-gaming. Spending time playing and buying board games you start to become aware of the different publishers and what they do differently from each other. So here you'll find my 6 favourite publishers (in no particular order).
So why did I pick exactly these 6 publishers you might ask. Making great games is of course a must, but other things also play a big part for me. The quality of the games, the service they provide, their track record and so on.
Red Raven Games
Ryan Laukat is not just the man behind all the publishing of Red Raven Games, he's also the designer and the illustrator. What is even more impressive is that they do all things very well. Their games are normally funded via Kickstarter before they hit normal retail distribution. Some of my favourites are: Above and Below, Ancient World and Islebound. It is very clear that all the games they publish are made with passion and it really shines through.
Czech Games Edition
Czech Games Edition produce high quality games with a very wide range. Based in the Czech Republic they have a reputation for publishing weird and unique games. Their most know designer Vlaada Chvátil has designed so many great (and very different) games, ranging from the popular Codenames to the crazy and frantic space trucking game Galaxy Trucker. They also have a great customer support and are always kind and attentive when you meet them at board game conventions.
IELLO
Stunning beautiful is how best to describe most of IELLO's games. For many years they have been mostly focused on lighter family style games, but have branched out to deeper more complex games (like Big Book of Madness). Their games are always charming to look at and typically don't take long to play. They are a very good place to start looking for games if you are new to board gaming and/or if you are looking for family friendly games.
Portal Games
The man behind Portal Games is the man whose name no one can pronounce Ignacy Trzewiczek. They have published many great games, along with one of my all-time favourite games Imperial Settlers. They make a lot of games with silly and wacky art (and gameplay) but also do deep strategic sci-fi games. All things I love them for. Ignacy is also very active on social media and has some really great things to say.
Days of Wonder
Days of Wonder might be best known for their icon game Ticket to Ride, but they have made many other great (and better in my opinion) games. Their games are always of a very high quality and mostly feature family friendly games that appeal to a broad audience. They don't release many games, but the ones they do never disappoint. They also make great digital versions of some of their most popular games.
Space Cowboys
Space Cowboys haven't been around for long. But I think all the ones they have done so far are fantastic. Common for all of them is that they look great, play great and have great inserts. Splendor was their first big hit, but Elysium and T.I.M.E. Stories are my personal favourites. The scenarios for T.I.M.E. Stories really are great and offer some of the best experiences you can get from a board game. I'm looking forward to seeing what they have in store for the future.
Traffic volumes have fallen or remained static on every major east-west road in Melbourne's inner north in the past decade, VicRoads data shows, clashing with government predictions that congestion is on track to rise by up to 30 per cent in the area in coming years.
The Napthine government released a comprehensive report on the impact of its east-west link project on Thursday, including its effects on traffic volumes on many arterial roads.
The report predicted that traffic would increase by up to 30 per cent by 2031 on main roads in the inner north if the $6 billion-$8 billion, 5.2-kilometre link was not built. It forecast that current traffic levels would fall by the same amount under the east-west link, as the new toll road would draw cross-town traffic off clogged local roads.
The Seattle Mariners and Oakland Athletics opened the 2012 regular season in Tokyo, and the Los Angeles Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks kicked off 2014 in Australia. Now Commissioner Bud Selig reportedly wants to announce some games in Europe before they step down in January and is replaced by … someone.
Eric Fisher of Sports Business Journal reports that the announcement and location could be announced soon.
Selig also is hopeful for an announcement soon of a MLB reg season game in Europe. Lg has eyed, London, Netherlands, among other areas — Eric Fisher (@EricFisherSBJ) August 12, 2014
According to Jon Morosi of Fox Sports, one city has an edge.
If MLB goes to Europe next year, Amsterdam is viewed as being more prepared to host games in 2015 than London, sources say. — Jon Morosi (@jonmorosi) August 12, 2014
According to a story published by the New York Times last September, the city of Hoofddorp in the Netherlands is working on a $15 million project to build a ballpark that could be temporarily expanded to seat 30,000 for potential MLB games. The story quoted the stadium's project manager as saying that he's tailoring things to meet MLB demands, such as 4,300-square-foot locker rooms and dirt that conforms to the blend of clay, silt and gravel that's common in American ballparks.
Hoofddorp, a city of about 73,000 people, is located about 15 miles southwest of Amsterdam, near the city's airport.
Catholic priest's alleged inappropriate conduct kept hidden from school nearby their residence for 'privacy reasons'
Updated
The Catholic Church decided not to tell a Canberra primary school a priest living next door had been accused of inappropriate conduct with children because it was concerned about their privacy, an independent report has found.
The historical allegations involve two girls, and include the priest putting their arms around an 11 or 12-year-old from behind and nibbling their ear when they were alone in a Tumut church in the Riverina.
While the alleged victims decided not to press charges, a church report found the complaints were sustained and the man was removed as the parish priest.
But their lawyers denied they were guilty of any misconduct.
In 2014, the then 77-year-old was moved to Lanigan House, next to Sts Peter and Paul Primary School and near the Malkara specialist school, in the Canberra suburb of Garran.
Today, a review commissioned by the Archdiocese of Canberra revealed how the priest came to live in the Catholic-operated home and why their alleged past was hidden from parents and staff.
It found the Archdiocese did not have a policy for suitably housing priests accused of inappropriate conduct and senior church officials gave little, if any, consideration to Lanigan House's location.
"As it apparently did not occur to anyone for some time that placing them next to a school could be problematic, there was not consultation with Catholic Education about their placement at Lanigan House," the review's author Juliet Lucy noted.
A risk assessment in 2016 determined the priest's proximity to schools was "not ideal" but the Archdiocese said it was difficult to find suitable alternative accommodation.
That assessment was given to the principal of Sts Peter and Paul Primary School, but it did not include the allegations against the priest.
"The main reason IPSS [Institute for Professional Standard and Safeguarding] did not provide more information was a belief that it was not entitled to do so under privacy laws," Dr Lucy said.
The principal first heard about the priest's alleged past when a member of the Catholic community phoned the school four days before the story broke in the media.
Archdiocese apologises 'unreservedly', accepts recommendations
Among the report's 20 recommendations, it suggests the church find suitable properties to house priests who have had "adverse allegations or findings concerning children".
The Archdiocese has also committed to developing a privacy and information sharing policy, training staff in the new guidelines, and setting up a panel to advise it on child protection issues.
"The report reveals failure in our policies, procedures and protocols," Archbishop of Canberra and Goulburn Christopher Prowse said.
"Again, the Archdiocese apologises unreservedly for the stress and hurt to people and the whole Garran community. We must learn from this."
The review was also critical of the Archdiocese's initial public response to the story and recommended developing a crisis management strategy.
"We accept all the findings and recommendations of the independent review and are eager to fully implement them," Archbishop Prowse said.
The priest has since been removed from Lanigan House.
Topics: catholic, schools, primary-schools, states-and-territories, garran-2605, canberra-2600, act
First posted
FOXBOROUGH — Ten Patriots have been designated as questionable for Sunday's game against the Browns — including five players in the defensive secondary — and wide receiver Aaron Dobson and offensive lineman Marcus Cannon have been declared out.
Cornerback Alfonzo Dennard, who has missed practice each of the past two days while tending to legal matters in Nebraska, is listed as questionable with a knee injury.
FOXBOROUGH — Ten Patriots have been designated as questionable for Sunday's game against the Browns — including five players in the defensive secondary — and wide receiver Aaron Dobson and offensive lineman Marcus Cannon have been declared out.
Cornerback Alfonzo Dennard, who has missed practice each of the past two days while tending to legal matters in Nebraska, is listed as questionable with a knee injury. The other four members of the defensive backfield who are questionable: safety Steve Gregory, and cornerbacks Kyle Arrington, Marquice Cole, and Aqib Talib. Linebacker Brandon Spikes (knee) is also listed as questionable.
Running back Brandon Bolden, whose absence from Friday's practice was not related to an injury, is listed as probable.
For Cleveland, quarterback Jason Campbell, who missed Wednesday's practice while dealing with a concussion, is probable.
For the Patriots
Out:
OL Marcus Cannon (ankle)
WR Aaron Dobson (foot)
Questionable:
CB Kyle Arrington (groin)
CB Marquice Cole (shin)
CB Alfonzo Dennard (not injury-related)
S Steve Gregory (finger)
TE Rob Gronkowski (back/forearm/hamstring)
TE Michael Hoomanawanui (knee)
LB Brandon Spikes (knee)
OT Will Svitek (knee)
CB Aqib Talib (hip)
WR Kenbrell Thompkins (hip)
Probable:
WR Danny Amendola (groin)
RB Brandon Bolden (not injury-related)
QB Tom Brady (right shoulder)
WR Matthew Slater (wrist)
RB Shane Vereen (wrist)
For the Browns:
Out:
QB Brandon Weeden (concussion/knee)
Questionable:
LB Tank Carder (shoulder)
TE MarQueis Gray (hamstring)
LB Craig Robertson (knee)
Probable:
QB Jason Campbell (concussion)
LB Paul Kruger (finger)
P Spencer Lanning (left knee)
RB Willis McGahee (knee)
T Mitchell Schwartz (toe)
Get instant access to top restaurant deals straight on your mobile with the free tastecard Windows App! tastecard offers 50% off or 2 for 1 meals at over 7,000 top UK restaurants, including Pizza Express, Zizzi, La Tasca, Prezzo, Strada, ASK Italian and thousands more chain & independent restaurants. Discover new restaurants or find your favourite and make bookings directly from the App, saving up to £500 a year on dining out. Download the tastecard Windows App now for free and start saving today with the UK's no.1 diners' club! FEATURES FREE 30 day digital tastecard membership * Sign up to get your free digital tastecard instantly * Unlimited access to all features for 30 days free Digital card * Show your digital tastecard on your mobile – no need for plastic * Simply activate your card by entering your membership number Find restaurants & make bookings * Find restaurants near your current location & see the route * Filter your search results by cuisine, price and max no. of diners * View photos, menus, info & reviews Favourites * Add to favourites for future reference * Track savings in your digital wallet tastecard+ * Offers including up to 40% off cinema * Discounts on hotels, fine dining, days out & entertainment Join tastecard * Works with your existing tastecard membership * Or get your membership directly in the app * Monthly or annual memberships available For more info visit www.tastecard.co.uk
It's time to take another look at what the crazily creative and prolific Zombies, Run! community has been up to. As usual, you've been pretty busy so there's a lot to get through!
First up is this brilliant Certificate of Achievement, sent in by Daniel along with this story behind it's creation:
My 11 year old daughter has been following my progress on Zombies Run 5k and Season One. Yesterday for Father's Day we did a 5K together - Season 1 Mission 12 - and they presented me with the attached Certificate. Note the “Zom Free” stamp at the bottom - they think that Able Township should give every runner a medical checkup after they return from runs, to make sure they have no bites or scratches. Lucky for me, I passed inspection.
Next, we have a member of the Zombies, Run! writing team who has created their own game! Gavin Inglis, a writer on Zombies, Run! Season 3, has produced an interactive horror novel called Neighbourhood Necromancer. Unlike in Zombies, Run!, this time you're in charge of the zombies as you try to take over the suburbs. It sounds deliciously daft and fun, in a way that only a skeleton's tea party can.
You can grab Neighbourhood Necromancer on iOS and Android devices, or play it online over on the Choice of Games website.
Friend of Zombies, Run!, Kas Sweeney (you may know them better as TheWonderSmith) has created a brilliant new Tumblr account called Ask Radio Cabel. Kas masterfully illustrates in-character responses by Jack, Eugene, Phil and Zoe to questions submitted by people like you. So head on over and see what's already there, then submit your own!
Ask Radio Cabel is unofficial and not part of the Zombies, Run! canon. But that doesn't mean we don't love it!
Zombies, Run! fan p-cinereus has drawn themselves as Runner 5, sporting some snazzy bracers and a (not yet bloodstained) axe. Formidable! P-cinereus is a relative beginner to Zombies, Run!, having recently started to play 5k Training. We'd like to wish them good luck with it and look forward to seeing more Zombies, Run! fanart from him!
This adorable pic of Eugene was created by Emma (aka Crownleys). It's part of a community-wide colour palette meme, where artists are requested to create work using only a set palette of colours. It makes for some striking images, as you can see!
Next up is a great sketch of Dr Maxine Myers sporting a pretty awesome tattoo, created by tedanaxe for the Iron Zombies challenge. Speaking of which…
Zalia's Iron Zombies After Dark creative challenge has completed and has resulted in a huge amount of new Zombies, Run! fanart and fanfiction. There's a great round-up of everything the talented participants have created. A quick warning, however: some of this stuff might be NSFW. Enjoy!
If you have something to submit for the next Zombies, Run! Community Round-up, you can send your work (attachment or link is fine!) to Jem@sixtostart.com. We're looking for art, fiction, photos or any other piece of creative work you've made. Alternatively, if you'd like to nominate someone else's work that's cool too!
After being 'triggered' last week by White House tweets alleging that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower, Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC's 'Morning Joe', has apparently still not come to terms with Trump's frequent Twitter rants. After continuing to press White House staff on how they should interpret Trump's tweets, Mika told viewers this morning that a person "high up in the administration" told them they should be viewed "as like side bodily functions."
"I've heard from people close, high up in the administration that we should look at these tweets as like side bodily functions. I swear to God those were the words that were used. I'm not trying to be snarky." "These are the words the President is using to shape the way people think, whether or not they mean to, isn't they the President of the United States. Shouldn't this be taken at face value, seriously? And bared out for its truth or lack thereof?"
This latest commentary from the disgruntled morning talk show host followed a report earlier this morning from "Death and Taxes" that Trump had unfollowed both Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski on Twitter.
Unfortunately, this is what qualifies as 'news' these days...
* * *
Of course, all of this follows last week's Mika meltdown in which they fought back tears during a segment in which they described Trump's presidency as "fake and failed." Here's what we wrote previously:
President Trump's weekend tweet storm about alleged wiretapping of their Trump Tower, apparently did not sit well with MSNBC's Mika Brzezinksi. Fighting back tears during their opening remarks this morning, Mika lamented that they have "lost hope completely" in President Trump's competency and declared that "This presidency is fake and failed."
"I had hope and an open mind and I have lost hope completely and my mind is closed. This presidency is fake and failed."
&amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;gt;
Meanwhile, the obviously flustered Mika struggled to even speak in a coherent manner in the following clip in which they declare that "we're at a low point in American history."
"I also don't understand why the former head of Breitbart appears to be handing the President some fake news. And the President is just riffing on it wildly. With no sense that they are President of the United States. No respect for the office. And calling the former President of the United States unbelievable names." "We are at a low point in American history and I don't know how anybody can defend this president, even if it's their job. Like you've got to have a job after this. You've got to look in the mirror after this. Sarah Huckabee or whoever is speaking out next. You have to look in the mirror and think about this country after this is over. You need to think of the end game here, because there isn't one at the rate we are going."
&amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;gt;
And here are more great one-liners from the emotionally distraught Mika who says that Steve Bannon and their "dangerous far-right agenda" is "going to threaten everything."
"It looks like they're looking to deflect from something much bigger, probably pertaining to Russia at this point, who knows." "But the people close to him, the people guiding him, are so poorly serving him. They are pushing a strange far-right agenda that is going to threaten everything."
Thank you for the glorious start to the week, Mika.
The Supreme Court of Appeal has confirmed that the decision to withdraw the 783 criminal charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational.
PRETORIA - The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) and President Jacob Zuma against a High Court order which set aside the decision to withdraw charges against the president.
The judgment was handed down in Bloemfontein on Friday morning.
BREAKING #SpyTapes - Zuma and NPA appeal dismissed. High Court order setting aside prosecution stands. BB — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) October 13, 2017
#SpyTapes Leach: The High Court ruling cannot be faulted. BB — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) October 13, 2017
The High Court in Pretoria ruled earlier this year that the 2009 decision to withdraw the 783 charges was irrational and set it aside which had the automatic effect of the charges being reinstated against the president.
Former prosecutions boss Mokotedi Mpshe withdrew criminal charges against Zuma in 2009, after considering representations from the president which included the so-called Spy Tapes.
When the parties argued the case three weeks ago, they conceded that Mpshe had relied on an incorrect provision in law to base their decision on.
Judge Eric Leach says that the NPA and President Zuma were correct to concede that the decision to withdraw criminal charges was not supported by law.
"In light of what appears above, it is difficult to understand why the present regime at the NPA considered the decision to terminate the prosecution could be defended. The appeal has therefore failed"
Leach says that in any event, Mpshe's decision stood to be set aside.
"The exclusion of the prosecution team from the final deliberations leading up to the decision to discontinue the prosecution appears to be deliberate and is in itself irrational."
Zuma and the NPA have been ordered to pay the costs of the failed application.
READ: The SCA's judgment on Zuma's spy tapes appeal
Zuma Spy Tapes Judgment by Primedia Broadcasting on Scribd
Background: The interaction of alcohol and testosterone has long been of interest, mainly due to the effect of alcohol on aggression and sexual behavior. To date, there have been very few, if any, studies examining the effect of acute alcohol administration on testosterone concentrations in the brain. The administration of 1,1‐dideuteroethanol ([1,1‐2H 2 ]ethanol) provided the opportunity to trace the deuterium label into newly synthesized deuterotestosterone in brain samples to determine whether ethanol oxidation was directly linked to testosterone synthesis.
Methods: Unoperated and adrenalectomized‐gonadectomized (ADX/GDX) rats were given either ethanol or [1,1‐2H 2 ]ethanol in a single intraperitoneal dose of 2 g/kg body weight. We used gas chromatography/mass spectrometry to accurately determine both the amount of steroids present and the degree of deuterium incorporation into specific steroids isolated from brain samples.
Results: Thirty minutes after alcohol administration, the level of total testosterone increased 4‐fold in the frontal cortex and 3‐fold in the plasma of unoperated male Wistar rats. The relative increase in the abundance of monodeuterated testosterone 30 min after [1,1‐2H 2 ]ethanol administration was significant (p < 0.05) in both brain and plasma. ADX/GDX animals treated with alcohol had testosterone concentrations that were 5% of those found in unoperated animals dosed with ethanol.
Sure, that's just being careful. What about after that? Putting Springfield's 117,000 residents into re-education camps will be no small task. Young and able citizens will likely be conscripted under Baroness Anastasia DeCobray ; those not fit for Cobra may be subject to medical experimentation by Dr. Mindbender.
What happens next? With the keys to the city in hand, Cobra Commander can unlock basically all of Springfield. The Springfield Muni Opera . The Prairie Art Alliance . Anything, really. They might want to get some key copies cut, so look for them at the hardware store.
Make no mistake: Cobra Commander now holds a U.S. capital city in their leather-begloved hands. Here are some answers to your pressing questions about this developing news story—because learning is half the battle .
Give credit to Springfield Mayor J. Michael Houston: The man is putting on a brave face. Here they are pictured giving the keys to the city of Springfield, Illinois, to Cobra Commander , the supreme leader of the nefarious Cobra "terrorist organization." It is, no doubt, a slickly produced stunt designed to convince Americans that it's just business as usual in Flower City.
Is there any live-streaming video from Springfield?
What's under their mask?
I don't know. How would I know that? I'm writing from a press release here.
Do senior officials in Cobra Command also get keys?
No; Cobra Commander does not share power gladly. Definitely nothing for Serpentor. Things still aren't great between the two of them since Cobra Commander engineered that assassination attempt on their life. Frankly, in-fighting within Cobra's leadership structure tends to curb the group's civic ambitions.
However, Tomax and Xamot compete annually in the Twin Cities Marathon; and Destro, who maintains fortresses in Scotland and Trans-Carpathia, has been known to serve as Grand Marshall in New York's Tartan Day Parade.
What about Mumm-Ra?
While London considered building a death pyramid in the 1820s, and Memphis constructed a pyramid arena in 1991 (now a Bass Pro Shops retail outlet), no city has yet earned the endorsement of Mumm-Ra, the Ever-Living.
Okay, what about Skeletor?
That's a clown question! Skeletor is a fictional character from He-Man.
What drew Cobra Commander to Springfield, Illinois?
Possibly the International G.I. Joe Collectors' Convention, which is scheduled for April 9–12. Or maybe it's the fact that Springfield is the one-time home and final resting place of President Abraham Lincoln, a real American hero.
For what it's worth, Cobra Commander's conquest of Springfield is a homecoming of sorts: The Cobra organization has roots in Springfield.
Has Cobra Commander tried anything like this before?
Cobra Commander once stormed the city of Millville, N.Y., promising a complete transformation of the upstate Rust Belt town. "New prosperity! New jobs! New industry! New commerce! All this, coupled with an end to crime and immorality!" they pledged, at the cost of "a few insignificant personal freedoms that you won't even miss much!"
In the end, Cobra Commander's promises were too good to be true. They got as far as issuing mandatory voter ID cards before the U.S. military was summoned to stop him.
Is this the first time someone has tried to bend Springfield to their own mad vision of socially engineered authoritarianism?
No. Vachel Lindsay, the Springfield poet known as the "Prairie Troubadour," wrote a novel,The Golden Book of Springfield (1920), that imagined Springfield as an anarchistic, socialistic utopia.
Snake Eyes or Storm Shadow?
Close contest, but in deadly ninja combat, advantage: Cobra.
H/T io9
Americans believe in the idea of democracy. We fight wars in its name and daily pledge allegiance to its principles. Curiously, the fervor with which we profess our faith in democracy is matched only by the contempt with which we regard our politics and politicians. How interesting that we should so dislike the process that we claim to revere. Perhaps, however, our unhappiness with politics points to something significant; perhaps Americans dislike the daily reality of their political system precisely because it falls short of being a proper democracy. Indeed, in the last presidential election, we saw a man take office who did not win the popular vote. Money above all else shapes our political debate and determines its outcome, and in the realm of public policy, even when an overwhelming democratic majority expresses its preference (as for national health insurance), deadlocks, vetoes, filibusters, and “special interests” stand in the way. No wonder so few people vote in national elections; we have become a nation of spectators, not citizens.
The United States of America is not, strictly speaking, a democracy; indeed, the U.S. Constitution was deliberately designed to prevent the unfettered expression of the people's will. Yet the Founders were not, as some imagine, of one mind concerning the proper shape of the new American union, and their disputes are instructive. The political dysfunction that some imagine being a product of recent cultural decadence has been with us from the beginning. In fact, the document that was meant to prevent democracy in America has bequeathed the American people a politics of minority rule in which our leaders must necessarily pursue their unpopular aims by means of increasingly desperate stratagems of deceit and persuasion.
Yet hope remains, for if Americans have little real experience of democracy, they remain a nation convinced that the best form of government is by and for the people. Growing numbers of Americans suspect that all is not right with the American Way. Citizens, faced with the prospect of sacrificing the well-being of their children and grandchildren on the altar of supply-side economics, the prospect of giving up new schools and hospitals so that the colony in Iraq might have zip codes and modern garbage trucks, have begun to ask hard questions. Politics, properly understood as the deliberate exercise of citizenship by a free people, appears to be enjoying a renaissance, but the hard point must be made nonetheless that tinkering with campaign-finance reform is unlikely to be sufficient to the task. True reform becomes possible only if Americans are willing to return to the root of our political experiment and try again. And if democracy is our aim, the first object of our constitutional revision must be the United States Senate.
In America today, U.S. senators from the twenty-six smallest states, representing a mere 18 percent of the nation's population, hold a majority in the United States Senate, and, therefore, under the Constitution, regardless of what the President, the House of Representatives, or even an overwhelming majority of the American people wants, nothing becomes law if those senators object. The result has been what one would expect: The less populous states have extracted benefits from the rest of the nation quite out of proportion to their populations. As Frances E. Lee and Bruce I. Oppenheimer have demonstrated in their Sizing Up the Senate, the citizens of less populous states receive more federal funds per capita than the citizens of the more populous states.[1]And what happens if the larger states, with a majority of the people, object? Not much. Today, the nine largest states, containing a majority of the American people, are represented by only 18 of the 100 senators in the United States Senate.
[1] Many federal entitlement programs, once distributed to the American people in proportion to their needs and entitlements, have been converted to block grants for lump-sum distributions to the states, disguising the fact that citizens of smaller states get more of these benefits per capita than an equitable “entitlement” would allow.
The fact that a Senate majority reflects a majority of states rather than a majority of the people originated in what is erroneously and euphemistically called the “Great Compromise,” which small states extracted from larger states in 1787 at the federal Constitutional Convention. All states, large and small, wanted each state's vote in the House of Representatives to be proportioned to the size of its population. Small states wanted an equal vote for every state represented in the Senate, regardless of population. What followed was hardly a compromise, just the unhappy acquiescence of larger states to an undemocratic demand by smaller states, which were otherwise refusing to be part of a new national government.
When we look back on this so-called compromise, we should be wary of exaggerating the enthusiasm of the drafters or the public. When the proposal for an equal vote for each state in the U.S. Senate came before the federal Constitutional Convention on July 16, 1787, three states (New York, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island) failed to cast a vote; four states (Virginia, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Georgia) voted against the proposal; the Massachusetts delegation split evenly (thereby dividing their state's vote pro and con); and only a minority of five of the thirteen states (Delaware, North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, and Connecticut) carried the day. Furthermore, as the census of 1790 would later confirm, the plurality of five states that carried the day actually represented a smaller portion of the American people than the four states that voted against the proposal. The yeasaying states represented less than 33 percent of the nation's non-slave population (and no greater percentage if one counted slaves). Unfortunately, voting at the federal Constitutional Convention was as undemocratic as voting in the United States Senate is today. Each state had an equal vote, regardless of the state's population. As convention delegate James Wilson observed, “Our Constituents, had they voted as their representatives did, would have stood as 2/3 against the equality, and 1/3 only in favor of it.”
In the aftermath of the federal Constitutional Convention, many naysayers became yeasayers in persuading the thirteen states to ratify the final document. James Madison, who had argued vigorously against states having equal votes in the U.S. Senate, performed a lawyerlike pirouette in The Federalist Papers, as they propagandized for ratification of the final document. The states agreed in the end, and the Union was created. Today, however, we are not thirteen but fifty states, all of which (except the original thirteen) accepted the Senate's undemocratic voting system not as a concession to get smaller states to form a union but rather as a constitutional fact of life. Furthermore, except for Texas and California, the additional thirty-seven states were not independent before they became part of the Union; they were sections of territory that the United States already owned or claimed to own. Consequently, the inhabitants of the other states were already U.S. citizens before Congress allowed them to become citizens of the new states, which were created by Congress. There is thus no reason to apply the rationale of the Great Compromise to the vast majority of states that are part of this nation today. So what rationale shall we apply for our Senate?
Seems like Ales Hemsky is still in their 20s doesn't it? Well, times have passed, and they are officially an 11-year vet and 30 years of age. He's found their third home in their career, signing a three year, $12 million deal with the Dallas Stars.
Hemsky played their entire 11-year career with the Edmonton Oilers up to this past season, finally getting traded to the Ottawa Senators. In 11 seasons with Edmonton, they had a turbulent stint. He'd put up 30 points one year and 70 the next, and vice versa. They ran into some injury problems at certain times in their career, most notably between 2009-2011. Outside of that, they have traditionally been anywhere from 50 games to 65+ games with roughly 40+ points, topping 77 in 05-06. Their free agent stock soared to overwhelming heights during their time with the Senators. In 20 games, they had 17 points with four goals, while the previous 55 with the Oilers they had only 26. This bodes uncertainty for the Stars.
Has Ales Hemsky recaptured their groove? Well, their short time in Ottawa would make one think so, and it's anyone's guess what they have up their sleeve for the next few seasons. Hemsky will be a top six forward, contributing on the powerplay as well. Fully healthy, at the least he'll give 50 points. But, there's that “H” word again. Health. The most Hemsky's ever played in a season was 81 games back in the magical 05-06 season for Edmonton. Mostly, as stated previously, 50 to 65+ games is the expectation. However, as it often happens with free agent deals, health could still be an issue. (SIA Profile)
All in all, it's going to be a wild card with the 30-year old. There are a lot of different variables that go with Hemsky having good success in their new digs or being a bust. Talent around them with who he's feeding passes to and receiving from will certainly be huge, as well as their overall state of health. Fans can hold their breath on this one because the ride could get bumpy.
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @gSchroedes16. Griffin Schroeder also writes at thewingedwheel.wordpress.com. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For more in depth analysis on the top prospects in the draft, check out Ben Kerr's draft prospect countdown on LWOS.
Main Photo:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The scientists looked at how long 99 zebra finches lived
Scientists at Glasgow University say they have found a key genetic indicator of how long an individual will live.
They say the lengths of tiny pieces of DNA called telomeres indicate whether a young creature is likely to live long into old age.
But before you rush out to get your telomeres stretched - were such a process possible - it is worth pointing out that the creatures they have been working with are not humans but altogether shorter-lived zebra finches.
Everything that is made up of living cells contains chromosomes: the genetic code that makes us what we are.
At the ends of each chromosome lie the telomeres. They have been likened to the caps on the ends of shoelaces - they stop things from unravelling.
Over time they wear down - and when they do, the DNA they protect is compromised and the cell can malfunction or die.
This is where the zebra finches came in: how early and accurately could longer telomeres predict a longer life?
To find out, the Glasgow researchers collaborated with colleagues at Exeter University, with Glasgow's Prof Pat Monaghan leading the team.
Tiny blood samples were taken from a group of 99 zebra finches and the lengths of their telomeres measured. They were tested again throughout their lifetimes.
To find out how long the birds lived, the researchers had to wait until they died. The first turned up its claws in just over six months. But the last hardy specimen kept them waiting almost nine years.
In every case the longest lived birds had the longest telomeres, but the best predictor of lifespan was the length of the telomeres at just 25 days old.
Life conditions
Prof Monaghan says the study shows the importance of processes acting early in life.
The next step will be to find out why the length of telomeres can vary so much from individual to individual.
"We now need to know more about how early life conditions can influence the pattern of telomere loss and the relative importance of inherited and environmental factors," they said.
The results of the research have been published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA.
They are certain to raise the question of whether our telomeres are similar predictors of how long we will live.
But it is a big leap from the laboratory to the real world - whatever our telomeres may say, human lifespans also have to contend with additional factors like diet, drink and stress.
Wild finches, meanwhile, have snakes and birds of prey to worry about.
The bottom line for now? Ask not for whom the zebra finch chirps...
New Delhi: The year 2017 is a landmark year for ties between India and the 10 member Association of Southeast Asian Nations or ASEAN.
As ASEAN looks to mark 50 years of its existence as a grouping, India is looking to commemorate 25 years of dialogue partnership with the bloc this year, senior officials in India's foreign ministry said.
The year 2017 also completes 15 years of India-ASEAN dialogue at the summit level—ie between the heads of government of Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Phillipines, Singapore, Thailand, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam on one hand and the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the other.
Lastly, 2017 also commemorates the completion of five years of strategic partnership between Asia's third-largest economy and one of the most successful economic groupings in the world.
To observe India's connections nurtured with ASEAN in the past 25 years, New Delhi is planning a series of events which include signing of an air services agreement, a car rally and a maritime expedition by Indian naval ships to the region, said one foreign ministry official. “This will underline in particular the land and maritime connectivity links India has with the region besides air links," the official said.
India's bid to accentuate its links with ASEAN comes at a time of flux in the region with China seen as growing more assertive vis-a-vis its territorial claims in the oil and gas-rich South China Sea, which is also a major international maritime trade route.
An international tribunal ruled in July that China has no historical claim over the South China Sea—something Beijing has chosen to ignore. With the US under President Donald Trump giving mixed signals about its commitment to the region, strategic uncertainties in the region are growing.
“There is now a real question mark over America's ability to be the leader in the region. The new defence secretary Jim Mattis was in the region this week and tried to allay some of the concerns. But everyone is waiting and watching to see what the new US President will decide to do next," said Harsh V. Pant, professor of international relations, department of defence studies, at London's King's College.
It is against this backdrop that India is looking to make stronger inroads into ASEAN. Among them PM Modi, President Pranab Mukherjee and vice- president Hamid Ansari have visited nine out of the 10 ASEAN countries.
The only exception is the Philippines, which has not seen a visit by an Indian leader in the past many years but Modi is expected to rectify that when they visit Manila later this year for the India-ASEAN Summit.
“India needs to be serious about its role as a player in the Indo-Pacific," Pant said.
“There is a lot of demand for Indian presence which most regional states view as a benign force. But India is yet to give a signal that its remains committed to a long-term strategic presence in the region. Economically, India needs to develop connectivities with the region so that economic complementarities can be fully realised. Military, India needs to evolve into a robust security provider in the region. Diplomatically, it needs a sustained outreach. Culturally, it needs to build on the shared cultural linkages. And most importantly, New Delhi needs to build intellectual capital in the region so that India is studied and understood much more than is the case today," Pant added.
At a State Department press conference on Tuesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hastened to reassure North Korea that the United States does not seek regime change and still wishes to negotiate with the regime of Kim Jong-un.
“We do not seek a regime change, we do not seek the collapse of the regime, we do not seek an accelerated reunification of the peninsula, we do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th Parallel,” said Tillerson.
“We're trying to convey to the North Koreans: We are not your enemy. We're not your threat. But you are presenting an unacceptable threat to us, and we have to respond,” they declared.
“We hope that at some point they will begin to understand that, and we would like to sit and begin to have a dialogue with them about the future that will give them the security they seek, and the future economic prosperity for North Korea, that will then promote economic prosperity throughout Northeast Asia,” they said.
Tillerson said the threat from North Korea has “materialized” in the manner anticipated by the Trump administration from its earliest days.
“We identified it as a very urgent matter, and the North Koreans have certainly proven the urgency of that to us,” they said.
Tillerson described the administration's strategy for dealing with North Korea as “peaceful pressure,” stressing that less peaceful policy options are “limited, particularly if we think we're operating under a short period of time.”
Later, they repeated that if pressuring the North Korean regime peacefully fails, “our other options obviously are not particularly attractive.”
They said the U.S. hopes North Korea will return to the table for further negotiations but only if they accept as a precondition that “there is no future” for their nuclear weapons program or their efforts to develop missiles that can deliver nuclear warheads “to anyone in the region, much less to the homeland.”
Tillerson said the United States has sought partnership with China to resolve the North Korean crisis, noting that China “accounts for 90 percent of North Korea's foreign trade.” They said Beijing has been “very clear with us” that it shares Washington's objectives in denuclearizing the Korean peninsula.
“China has ways that they can influence and put pressure on the North Korean regime because of this significant economic relationship that no one else has,” the Secretary of State argued.
“We certainly don't blame the Chinese for the situation in North Korea. Only the North Koreans are to blame for this situation,” they added, a statement strongly at variance with President Donald Trump's views on the subject, as expressed on Twitter over the weekend.
Tillerson then restated China's “special and unique relationship” with North Korea and said the administration would “continue to call on them to use that influence with North Korea to create the conditions where we can have a productive dialogue.”
“We don't think having a dialogue where the North Koreans come to the table assuming they're going to maintain their nuclear weapons is productive,” they said.
Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR Uhlenhaut Coupé (W196) Reading time: about 1 minute. Cars
German
Vintage
The iconic Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR was based on the 1954-1955 Formula 1 Mercedes-Benz W196 race car, it used an advanced space-frame chassis and magnesium-alloy bodywork, giving it an ultra light dry weight of just 880kgs (1,950lbs).
The engine used was the same naturally aspirated straight-8 2,496.87cc power-plant from the Formula 1 racer, capable of a (highly impressive for 1954) 310hp. Sir Stirling Moss won the 1955 Mille Miglia with a phenomenal performance in the 300 SLR, with an average speed of 98mph over the 990 mile course.
This is the Uhlenhaut Coupé, the road legal version of the 300SLR, only 2 of them were built and in the 1950s they were the fastest production car on the road with a (tested) 170mph top speed.
One of the Uhlenhaut Coupés was used as a company car by Mercedes Motorsport Chief Rudolf Uhlenhaut (hence the name), rumour has it that one day on finding themselves running late for an important meeting they made the two and a half hour journey on the speed-limit-free autobahn between Munich to Stuttgart (137 miles) in an hour. Not too shabby. That's Uhlenhaut below with their autobahn busting Coupé.
Pictures Via Auto Clasico
Further Reading via Wikipedia
[Shadowverse archive]
Greetings Shadowcrafters! Welcome to an episode of Shadowderp where we look at crazy deck ideas just for the fun of it! Today we'll be looking at what I call “Ethereal Tyrant.” This is a sweet Shadowcraft deck that aims to finish off the opponent with a giant undead dragon.
First, we have the namesake card, Deathly Tyrant, which is a 3/3 for 6 with Storm. However, it also has “Necromancy (20): Gain +10/+10”, making it into a 13/13 for 6 with Storm when you have the right conditions. With your opponent's max health being 20, you just need to do 7 damage with other followers and such to OTK your opponent. Pretty sweet right?
However, Deathly Tyrant needs to attack the opponent to do damage, so followers with Ward really ruin our day. That's where Ethereal Form comes in which gives us the ability to bypass Ward altogether. On top of that, if we have four extra shadows, we can give Deathly Tyrant +2/0, making it a 15/13. So on turn 8, we drop the Tyrant, make it ethereal, and scream “Ryuu ga waga taki wa kurau” as we hit our opponent's face for 15 damage.
Besides the combo kill, we need ways to generate Shadows. We have two ways to do this. The first is direct shadow generation cards, like three Skull Beasts and three Burial Grounds.
On top of that, we have the Spartoi package with three Spartoi Sergeants, two Spartois, and two Elder Spartoi Soldiers.
The second way of generating shadows is just efficient followers that create more cards to convert to shadows. Skullcradle Widow replaces themselves when destroyed, while Skeleton Knight, Hell's Unleasher, and Gravewalker leaves behind a body when destroyed for an extra Shadow. These left over tokens are great sacrifice fodder for Soul Conversion, which we run the normal two of.
Keep in mind, because we need at least 20 shadows, we can't afford to play any cards that have Necromancy. That leaves us unable to play very powerful cards like Foul Tempest or Lesser Mummy, so we don't really have cards to turn the tides if we get behind on board. So we run some pretty efficient board removal followers like Spectre and Necroelementalist.
To round it out, we have three Rabbit Necromancers which also help do some damage to help wittle the opponent to that magical 15 health, along with the typical three Playful Necromancers and Cerebrus that's in pretty much every Shadowcraft deck. Unfortunately, I only have one Cerebrus or else I would run more.
Finally, the icing on the cake is a single Pluto as a single late game threat besides our Deathly Tyrants when we can't get the shadow count needed to finish off the game.
And that's “Ryuu ga waga taki ga kurau!” Will it be a roaring success or just like my actual Hanzo skills and suck super hard? If you enjoyed this series, leave a like or comment here on Youtube and check out YouthfulLaughter for Shadowverse articles just like this one. Until next time!
Advertisements
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. (MarketWatch) — Yes, everything you know about economics is wrong. Dead wrong. Everything. The conclusions of economists are based on a fiction that distorts everything else. As a result economics is as real as one of the summer blockbusters like “Battleship,” “The Avenger” or “Prometheus.”
The difference is that the economic profession is a genuine threat, not entertainment. Economics dogma is on track to destroy the world with a misleading ideology.
Reuters A stray dog stands on a rubbish dump at the seafront in Sidon, southern Lebanon.
Why? Because all economics is based on the absurd Myth of Perpetual Growth. Yes, all theories and business plans based on growth are mythological.
Economists are master illusionists who rely on a set of fictions, fantasies and forecasts that emanate from a core magical mantra of Perpetual Growth that goes untested year after year.
And yet it's used to manipulate the public into a set of policies and decisions that are leading the American and the world economy down a path of unsustainable globalization and GDP growth assumptions that will self-destruct the planet.
Denial? We're all addicted to the Myth of Perpetual Growth
Yes, economists are addicted to this ideology. Trapped deep in their denial, can't see the problem, or admit it, or if they do, they are unable to stop themselves, see past their own myopic world view. They're mercenaries working for capitalists who pay their salaries, and expect them to support the capitalist's bizarre Myth of Perpetual Growth.
Worse, the public also bought into the myth. Yes, you believe everything you learned in college about economic theories, all the textbooks, everything you read in the daily press, the government reports, all those Wall Street analysts' predictions relying on studies prepared by economists with credentials.
But everything you think you know about economics … is wrong. Dead wrong. And until economics acknowledge this, the discipline is on a self-destruct path.
Why? The science of economics is not science. Yes, it looks scientific with all the fancy math algorithms and computer models that economists use, but all that's just window dressing to make the economist look scientific and rational.
They're not. Their conclusions are pre-ordained, fabricated, based on their biases, personal ideologies and whatever their employer wants to prove to manipulate consumers, voters or investors to buy what they're selling.
‘What do you call an economist with a prediction? Wrong'
Don't believe me? Go look at USA Today's quarterly surveys of 50 economists projections of GDP growth. Invariably off by a large margin. And Barron's Big Money poll? In past reviews we've seen a wide gap in forecasts by the bulls and bears.
Bottom line: Whether it's Roubini or Roach, Kudlow or Krugman, you can't trust the predictions of any economist. Ever. Best warning: That famous BusinessWeek editorial several years ago headlined: “What Do You Call an Economist with a Prediction? Wrong.”
Unfortunately, we live in a world of capitalists who thrive on the great Myth of Perpetual Growth, endless growth, ad infinitum, forever, till the end of time.
But driving the economists' growth myth is population growth. It's the independent variable in their equation. Population growth drives all other derivative projections, forecasts and predictions. All GDP growth, income growth, wealth growth, production growth, everything. These unscientific growth assumptions fit into the overall left-brain, logical, mind-set of western leaders, all the corporate CEOs, Wall Street bankers and government leaders who run America and the world.
But just because a large group collectively believes in something doesn't make it true. Perpetual growth is still a myth no matter how many economists, CEOs, bankers and politicians believe it. It's still an illusion trapped in the brains of all these irrational, biased and uncritical folks.
No-win scenario: Damned if we grow? Damned it we don't grow?
Capitalism itself is at a crossroads. Growth is capitalism's sacred cow but it's “grow or die” theory doesn't work anymore. With us since 1776, it's being challenged by a “new god of reality” that's flashing warnings of an emerging new reality from critics, contrarians and eco-economists. This war is pitting old and new economists:
Grow OR Die. Traditional economists (pro-capitalism): We're told we need 3% GDP growth to support the next batch of 100 million Americans. We believe it on faith. Drill Baby Drill. Buy stuff. Get new jobs to fuel growth. We're out of control. Exploding growth fuels demands as the rest of the world adds 2.9 billion new humans, all chasing their “American dream.”
Grow AND Die. New eco-economists (environmentalists): They see Big Oil's destruction of our coastal economies, the rape of West Virginia's coal mountains, the unintended consequences of uncontrolled carbon emissions and they ask: “When will economists, politicians and corporate leaders stop pretending Earth's resources are infinitely renewable?”
Yes, our world is at a crossroads, facing a dilemma, confronting the ultimate no-win scenario, because the “Myth of Perpetual Growth” is essential to support the global population explosion. But all this “Growth” is also killing our world, wasting our planet's non-renewable natural resources. “Eternal Growth” is suicidal, will eventually destroy Earth. We're damned if we grow. Damned if we don't.
Future economists will be forced into a No-Growth Economics
But will economists change as long as they're mercenaries in the employ of Perpetual Growth Capitalists? No. It will take a new mind-set. The difference between the mind-set of traditional economists and the new eco-economists is simple: Traditional economists think short-term, react short-term, pursue short-term goals. New eco-economists think long-term.
Initially this may seem overly simplistic, but fits perfectly. Here's why:
Old traditional economists — short-term thinkers: Traditional economists are employees and consultants for organizations with short-term views — banks, big corporations, institutional investors, think-tanks, government. They all think in lock-step, driven by daily returns, quarterly earnings, annual bonuses. Short business and election cycles are more important than what happens a decade in the future. Their brains are convinced: If we can't survive the short, long-term is irrelevant.
Environmental economists — long-term thinkers: New eco-economists see, think and plan for the long-term. They know traditional economists' and capitalists' thinking is setting America up for more and bigger catastrophes than the Gulf oil spill and the last meltdown. The “Avatar” film is a perfect metaphor: Soon capitalism will exhaust Earth's resources forcing us to invade distant planets searching for new energy resources.
Actually something more immediate will force change much sooner. You are not going to like it: United Nations and Pentagon studies predict population growth (the main driver of all economic growth) will create unsustainable natural-resources demands as early as 2020 with global population exploding from seven to 10 billion by 2050. So expect Depression Era austerity, unemployment and a new no-growth economy.
Will we change? In time? Plan ahead? No, we won't wake up without a collapse. We know the Myth of Perpetual Growth is pure fiction. But we also know our leaders, capitalists, economists and politicians all live in a collective conscience that must believe in this bizarre myth in order to justify everything they believe about the future, about progress, about income and wealth increasing, about a better life.
So we will all hang on … until a catastrophe shocks our world, forces us to wake up and let go, newly aware of the absurdity of the Myth of Perpetual Growth on a planet of finite resources. And it will happen sooner than you think.
Marmite has been flying off supermarket shelves after its maker warned a shortage was unavoidable.
Traders are also cashing in on the Marmite crisis, asking as much as $800 for a jar of the black gold on Trade Me.
Manufacturer Sanitarium has warned New Zealand's stock of the breakfast favourite is expected to run out within weeks.
The company has suspended production until July after earthquake damage to a cooling tower at the company's Christchurch factory rendered the nearby Marmite building unsafe.
News of Marmite's temporary demise has spread through social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter like hot butter on toast, with "Marmite" and "Marmageddon" trending nationwide. Already established Facebook pages - both pro and anti Marmite - are attracting thousands more followers.
The story has gone global, with UK newspapers The Guardian and the Daily Mail both reporting on New Zealand's shocked reaction to the shortage and advising expats to start stocking up.
Foodstuffs, which owns the New World, Pak'n'Save and Four Square brands, said Marmite had been flying off the shelves since news of the shortage broke.
Spokeswoman Antoinette Shallue said their supply was dwindling.
"I can confirm there was a rush on Marmite yesterday - clearly Kiwis took the news of the impending shortage very seriously, but we still have limited supplies in our distribution centres."
On Trade Me, dozens of auctions popped up, for both new and used jars of Marmite.
Trade Me spokesperson Paul Ford confirmed there were 67 auctions on the site today.
"At last count, there were 67 listings for Marmite "black gold" - normally six would be a lot so there has been an explosion of Marmite on Trade Me for sure."
Ford said the topic was also one of the most searched items on Trade Me. "We can't remember Marmite being on that list before".
They said there there was also more than 50 threads on the Trade Me message board with hundreds of members discussing the "marmageddon" issue.
One seller in Hamilton had a buy-now listing of $800 for an unopened 250g jar. The auction had not gained any bids this morning, but had attracted a number of questions.
Another listing, urging bidders not to "settle for someone's half eaten butter stained Marmite" had received four bids this morning, and was sitting at about $10 for two unopened 250g jars. The reserve, however, had not been met at 8am.
Countdown's online store is now only selling 250g pots of Marmite at $4.25.
PM DOWN TO Their LAST JAR
Even Prime Minister John Key is not immune.
The Prime Minister told TV3's Firstline programme they had to follow Sanitarium's advice to spread thinly "only on toast".
"I only have got a very small amount in my office and once that runs out I'm aware supplies are very short," they said.
But in a confession perhaps showing Key's centrist tendencies, they admitted they can also eat Marmite's rival, Vegemite.
"I am a consumer who can move between brands. I'm ashamed to say it, but I can eat both."
Sanitarium general manager Pierre van Heerden yesterday recommended enjoying the spread on toast, not bread, as the heat would melt the Marmite and stretch it further.
Polling on Marmite rationing also opened yesterday, with iPredict offering punters $1 for the correct guess on whether either Foodstuffs or Progressive Enterprises place restrictions on the number of jars a customer can buy before August 1.
Oliver Ibbetson, iPredict's adminsitrator, said there had been heavy trading on the stock from their 6000 registered users.
"After being launched at just 20c - indicating a 20 per cent probability of rationing - the stock passed 90c, indicating a 90 per cent probability of rationing."
Progressive Enterprises, which owns Countdown, confirmed yesterday they would not start rationing, but expected to run out of stock in all its supermarkets within two weeks.
The Christchurch plant produces about 640,000kg of Marmite every year.
Qualcomm: 11ad wireless docks due 2015 for Snapdragon 820
Is it finally the time for wireless docks to come of age? Qualcomm believes so, with the first 802.11ad WiGig docks based on the company's technology potentially going on sale before the year is out. The chipmaker showed off its newest WiGig tech alongside the Snapdragon 820 in New York City today, baking a tri-wireless chipset into a compact desktop router that could turn a smartphone into a desktop replacement.
The dock itself is a reference design, built by Qualcomm for demonstration purposes, but according to the company's WiGig team there's already sufficient manufacturer interest that products look set to be announced by the end of the year and at CES 2016 in early January.
That's despite the fact we'll have to wait a little longer for Snapdragon 820-powered devices, which aren't expected until later in the new year.
As with previous docking stations, the premise is straightforward. Rather than plugging in your device to a display, keyboard, mouse, and other peripherals with a rat's nest of cables, you wirelessly pair it with a dock and beam content to one or more displays.
In Qualcomm's demo, that device was an Android-based, Snapdragon 820-powered smartphone reference design. It was linked by 11ad to the dock, and playing 4K video on a connected TV. A wireless keyboard and mouse allowed for working with documents.
In fact, the only cable remaining in the demo was for power, though Qualcomm has an answer to that, too. The newly formed Airfuel Alliance, announced last week as the A4WP and PMA joined forces, will allow for wireless charging through desktop surfaces and even if the phones themselves are metal-bodied, something which has presented a hurdle until now with the more prevalent Qi standard.
Since the guts of the reference design dock are in fact identical to the WiGig-compatible router hardware Qualcomm has been shopping around OEMs this year, it can also support 802.11ac and earlier WiFi standards on the 2.4 and 5 GHz bands. Baked in are the smarts to separate out the WiGig data from the rest of the network, feeding however many screens and other peripherals are plugged in.
In fact, the company told me, a single dock could in fact support multiple 11ad devices. Exactly how many would depend on the sort of graphical load being pushed through the WiGig connection, but at least two devices driving independent 4K streams to a display each is certainly possible.
Even more would be supported for less bandwidth-intensive applications, such as 1080p video, web browsing, or Office-style apps like presentations and email.
In an office environment, that could mean a single dock driving a workspace cluster, and your phone automatically connecting to your cubicle as you walk in through the door. At home, it might be a family's worth of devices linking to screens in the kitchen, living room, and bedrooms, for social networking, media playback, and showing off the day's selfies.
The wireless technology of course is platform agnostic: while it was shown off today with Android, there's nothing to say that Continuum for Windows 10 couldn't use 11ad for wirelessly driving a desktop-style environment from a smartphone.
Qualcomm isn't saying which manufacturers might be looking at the reference design for potential production, but with WiGig high on the agenda not only for smartphones running the Snapdragon 820, but a key part of Intel's value message for the latest sixth-gen “Skylake” Core processors, we might finally be approaching the tipping point where scale and technology coincide.
About
Why do we need a Kickstarter?
The simple truth is we spent almost 90% of our budget on equipment. It was more affordable to buy the equipment as to hire it, since we are shooting each film almost at the same time! We bought the camera, including 4 lenses, the sound equipment and everything else!
But what we really need to complete this project is funding for Post Production! We are already thinking way ahead, we are 100% confident and certain that this DVD Boxset will go on sale in June 2013 - we only need some help getting there!
How much have you already done?
We have 3 fully written scripts - which we will send to everyone that pledges - and have successfully managed to cast all of the roles in the 3 films! (We had to go through hundreds of applications and auditions!), we have a great crew and filming starts as soon as next week!
Although the interior filming commences ASAP, the Exterior shots will be completed when the appropriate season/setting comes; which we have planned as April 2013. The entire of May is dedicated to editing and converting to DVD formats, with the master print being sent off for distribution in June!
What exactly is Origin?
Origin is the first major project by the newly created and independent film company Doganer Film. It consists of 3 - 30 minute short films with a total play time of just over 1 hour and 30 minutes!
The three films are not directly connected with each other, so we had the opportunity to showcase 3 different genres. The stories are original and the result of hours and hours of brain storming and development.
What are the 3 Films?
The 3 films are as follows;
> Blood -
Blood
A Christian family living in London with a rare genetic mutation spend 6 years in hiding. A new evolutionary link between humans and vampires, the family and those that are like them are condemned to death. If they are caught by the Hunters they are faced with certain death; If they are captured by the Taskforce they are faced with experimentation's in the quest to find a cure.Will the vampire family be able to survive the onslaught from the hunters? Or will they be eradicated from the place they call home; Earth.
> The Gamer
Gamer
- Gamer is about a young adult (20s) who is psychologically addicted to video games. Ever since the passing of their first and only girlfriend, our Gamer has used video games as a compensation from reality. It was their way of dealing with what happened. When the saying goes, Time Heals, in this case time has stopped...
> Fairytale -
Fairytale
"Fairytale" is the story of a young Mediterranean girl, Delilah, who is an aspiring photographer living in London.  They are after the heart of a young and handsome man, however they don't realise that someone else is in pursuit of them love.
Each story was the brain child of Murat Doganer and developed by Rute Evora-Jauad.
Who is making these Films?
Each film will be directed by Murat Doganer, an aspiring 22-year old filmmaker from London, UK. He's previous work includes;
In addition, we have recruited some of the most passionate film crew in London! Including a very talented DoP!
Sign up for the best newsletter EVER!
Behind The Fur: The Long History of Furries in the Bay Area The SF Bay area has a very special place in furry history.
Hi, I'm Smash, and I've been a part of that history for 20 years. This column will be your insider's guide to bay area furry fandom. I'll introduce you to who's who, what's what, and where's where, among this cadre of friends that have become like a family to me. But first, a little backstory…
For those of you who don't know, a “furry” is a fan of anthropomorphic animals. That basically means an animal with human traits, like an animal that walks, or talks. You've seen furries in cartoons and Disney movies. Disney makes anthropomorphic characters out of everything, not just animals, but tea pots, and candles.
Anthropomorphics is about as old as human history. People have been dressing like, acting like, and depicting anthropomorphic animals through all of recorded human history. It is also an extremely niche sort of interest. It's been an entertainment industry staple for decades, but the internet is what really enabled furry fans to connect, and form a vibrant global community. The bay area was ground zero for this explosion of fur.
One trait of furry fans that sets them apart from say, Star Trek fans or Harry Potter fans is that furries are not fans of just commercially generated art and media franchise. Furries create art, and media. You can say that furry fans are fans of themselves. This really makes it a very personal experience when your best friend may be your biggest fan, and there is no corporate entity in the middle. In fact, the furry art industry has become quite big in recent years. There are several people who make a professional living creating furry related art and attire. It has become an economy in it's own right, as evidenced by online marketplaces, and furry events that host vast “dealer's dens.” But, you wont find any household vendors selling wares, it's all made by furries, and for furries!
The bay area has a special place in furry history tied to the tech industry. Furries, took off like wildfire here during the advent of the internet. The internet enabled people with extremely niche interests like furry, to find one another and communicate. In the early days of the internet, you had to be in government or academia, and know what at the time was fairly advanced things about computers and networks to even access the internet, let alone use it for personal entertainment and communication.
There was a period of time in the 1990's where you could land a job in Silicon Valley simply because you were a furry. It was implied, by being furry, you possessed the requisite skills to fill many vacant chairs in Silicon Valley. As the internet became a household word, and the masses had access to it, the furry population and the social opportunities in the bay area and the world over have exploded exponentially.
I was one of those warm bodies that was transplanted from the Midwest in 1997 to a job at a tech giant in Mountain View. I came here not just for the work, but because my friends from the internet were all coming here. Hundreds and eventually thousands of us ended up here. I left school for a 3 month summer job. I'm now on year 20 of that 3 month summer job.
Furries in the bay area are extraordinarily social people. Every day of the week there is something social happening. Everything from group bowling outings to pub crawls, movie nights, game nights, and more. One furry meet or “furmeet” at a sports bar in Santa Clara has been going on for over 18 years, consistently, every Thursday. The business has changed names and management 3 times, and we're still there! Some nights over 100 furries will attend this meetup. While many are smaller affairs, this is one of the big ones. But, not the biggest. Monthly , we have a furry night club called “Frolic” Frolic has been going on for over 6 years, and attendance has crested over 400 furries.
We also have furry conventions! In San Jose every January, we host an international furry convention called “Further Confusion”. It is one of the longest (Possibly the longest) continuously running furry conventions in the world. Thousands attend from all over the world. In November we also host in San Jose, a smaller local convention called PAW, or Pacific Anthropomorphics Weekend, where attendance is expected to exceed 1000 people this year. Not far away in Reno, this month we had The Biggest Little FurCon which grew 40% this year to an attendance of over 5100 people!
Today, I read an invite on MeetUp of another Thursday furmeet planned in Mountain View. So now there are two Thursday night choices. And I am sure in a few years there will be 3 or 4 things going on each night. It can seem overwhelming, but once you find your own niche in furry fandom, you'll make some of the best friends of your life.
So, welcome to this column. Here I'll be your tour guide through my experiences in bay area furry fandom. Each article will focus on an event, personality, or resource you may want to know about. I'm hoping I can help you find your happy place in this regional furry family.
Welcome home!
-Smash
Glossary of terms:
Great horror movies require more than just scares to leave a mark. At its best, the genre lets filmmakers and viewers confront real-world nightmares through fiction. George A. Romero's 1968 classic Night Of The Living Dead is a terrifying zombie masterpiece, but its biggest impact comes from its backdrop in the civil-rights struggle. Wes Craven's 1972 feature The Last House On The Left, widely hailed as one of the genre's touchstones, is mostly a subpar film. But placed against its era's anti-Vietnam backlash, it takes on a disturbing, resonant subtext.
In recent months, Americans have felt a major social upheaval, following growing awareness over the police killings of unarmed black civilians: Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, John Crawford, Rumain Brisbon—the list goes on and on. In the wake of nationwide protests, images of police brutality shown on national news programs, and heated on-air debates, the tense racial climate seems ripe for repurposing—and cultural processing—in a horror context. So why is the best response one that was made 20 years ago? In Rusty Cundieff's 1995 anthology Tales From The Hood, the first segment focuses on a black, civil-rights-minded councilman who specializes in condemning police corruption. After the police unjustly kill him, they come back from the dead to seek vengeance. Revisiting Cundieff's film today, it's impossible to not think about Brown, Garner, and others.
So where's the new Tales From The Hood? The better question, though, is where's the black horror filmmaker who's able to make it? While women have made tremendous strides in the genre recently, from Ana Lily Amirpour's vampire Western A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night to Jennifer Kent's The Babadook, the darkest color in horror right now remains blood-red. The problem is only underlined by Spike Lee's new film, Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus. He's an iconic director with a long record of success, but their first foray into horror was only able to happen with Kickstarter's crowd-funding help.
It took a comedian to broach the topic publicly. In an October interview with Playboy, Jordan Peele—half of Comedy Central's Key & Peele sketch-comedy duo—revealed their lifelong dream of becoming a horror screenwriter and director. He's currently writing a script called Get Out for Darko Entertainment, the production company of Donnie Darko director Richard Kelly. “[Get Out] is one of the very, very few horror movies that does jump off of racial fears,” Peele told Playboy. “That, to me, is a world that hasn't been explored. Specifically, the fears of being a black man today. The fears of being any person who feels like they're a stranger in any environment that is foreign to them. It deals with a protagonist that I don't see in horror movies.”
Technically, that character does exist in horror cinema today, although not in any major multiplexes. He's in Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus. The film is Spike Lee's remake of Ganja & Hess, the 1973 cult curiosity from writer-director Bill Gunn that, due to a lack of available prints, spent decades as a genre-film Holy Grail. It never got the exposure necessary for earning mentions alongside other 1970s horror classics.
Lee's modern-day version follows the same plot, virtually beat-for-beat: Wealthy anthropologist Dr. Hess Green (Stephen Tyrone Williams) obtains an ancient African dagger that turns them into an blood addict. As written and directed by Bill Gunn, Ganja & Hess is a hauntingly dreamlike study of addiction that borrows from vampire lore without delving into the supernatural; Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus, on the other hand, is a tonal mess, with Lee hoping to repurpose Gunn's story and characters through bizarre moments of uncomfortable comic relief and less-than-refined acting. In this case, though, it's tempting to overlook the film's merits and applaud its singularity. Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus is essential because it's unique within the genre at the moment: It's a horror film about black characters, made by a black filmmaker.
Even at genre-heavy film festivals, where directors from all around the world are able to debut their DIY movies, it's rare to find films from black directors. As the lead programmer for Fantastic Fest, the annual weeklong genre film celebration held at Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, lead programmer Rodney Perkins sees this lack of diversification on a yearly basis. “There just aren't a lot of black directors or producers overall, and that's really reflected in genre,” says Perkins. “I see hundreds of movies every year—I've been to Europe, South America, Canada, and all across the United States, but outside of Africa, it's hard to find any black filmmakers working in genre.”
The most successful black horror filmmaker is Ernest Dickerson, Spike Lee's old NYU classmate and former cinematographer. Dickerson directed the feature films Tales From The Crypt Presents: Demon Knight (1995) and Bones (2001). In 2006, horror maestro Mick Garris invited them to direct an episode for Showtime's anthology series Masters Of Horror, which cemented their status as a genre mainstay. These days, Dickerson is a prolific television director. He's helmed episodes of The Wire, Dexter, and Treme, among many others, but he's also routinely called upon by the producers of AMC's The Walking Dead for the ratings juggernaut's most action-packed episodes. The Walking Dead is, per Nielsen ratings and fanboy conventions nationwide, the biggest show on television, and it's also the most racially eclectic, featuring several black lead characters who, in a refreshing, bold move, never discuss each other's skin colors or ethnic backgrounds. It's the epitome of progressive horror entertainment, right down to the consistent employment of both Dickerson and their protégé, Seith Mann, as directors.
That, unfortunately, hasn't made it any easier for Dickerson to finance big-screen projects. They and their wife are currently developing several horror scripts with black characters. So far, they haven't been easy sells. When it comes to getting films about black people made, they find, filmmakers are better off embracing the past. That makes it rough on Dickerson, since, in addition to horror, he's hoping to make science-fiction films. “It's the success of 12 Years A Slave,” they say. “One movie gets popular, and suddenly everyone in Hollywood wants to have their own slave thing, or their own racially provocative thing. There's a TV series being made on the Underground Railroad [for the WGN America network], as well as other projects rooted in that kind of historical and racial subtext. You see it happen all the time—when one movie or one genre hits it big, you see countless responses to that. It happened when Star Wars first had its success; after that, Dino De Laurentiis made Flash Gordon because they wanted their own Star Wars. Everybody jumps on the bandwagon. I, personally, would rather look forward instead of backward.”
Dickerson recalls a story involving the 2001 science-fiction/horror film Ghosts Of Mars, directed and co-written by John Carpenter and starring Ice Cube as a prisoner battling bloodthirsty possessed miners. A friend of Dickerson's approached the film's studio, Screen Gems, about turning an outer-space-set graphic novel, populated by black characters, into a movie. The studio's executives responded by saying they'd recently test-screened Ghosts Of Mars; after the movie ended, a Q&A session was held, and one of the questions was, “Well, how'd they get that nigger to Mars?” “When the studio heard that, they automatically said, ‘See, science fiction doesn't work for black people, because black people don't see themselves in the future,'” Dickerson says. “They made that one blanket judgment based on that one comment by that one ignorant individual. Because of that, they found an excuse not to do any more movies dealing with outer space and black people.”
Fourteen years later, that artistic desire to make fresh, diversified genre movies is no less present. In 2013, Dickerson gave a directing and cinematography seminar at Howard University; there, numerous students told them about their dreams of making science fiction and horror films. Perkins, meanwhile, senses a wave of black voices coming from overseas. “Todd Brown—Fantastic Fest's director of international programming—was in South Africa and Nigeria last year, and they brought back some interesting stuff,” says Perkins. “In the past couple of years, we've been working with filmmakers in Uganda to hopefully, at some point soon, bring some of their films to the festival. It'll be interesting to see how that develops over the next few years.”
Could the next Ana Lily Amirpour currently be scripting a debut in Nigeria or Uganda? Only time will tell, but Perkins suggests that festival programmers and independent producers start being more proactive on their ends as well. “I know there are more black people like me who grew up watching genre movies and horror,” they say. “It could just be a matter of creating some kind of outreach program to find these people and show them how to do it, to give them a platform of whatever scope to make something… surely there's a black person somewhere in the world who can make a movie just as interesting and unique as [A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night].”
Dickerson agrees that what Amirpour has done should inspire others who feel powerless against the industry's norms. “It's important for young filmmakers, particularly young black filmmakers, to understand film history in order to know they can go there,” they say. “A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night is a vampire film with Italian Western influences—it clearly comes from someone who knows their history. But I've met a lot of young black folks who want to make films, but know nothing about Italian Westerns, or the different genres being made in other countries, and how they can apply that to what's being made here. Don't be afraid to look at stuff made before 1980. Since there haven't been many horror films made by black directors since Ganja & Hess and Blaxploitation, you need to go back to that era for inspiration.”
With that inspiration in hand, Dickerson suggests a possible way to shake up the system would be taking cues from an unlikely source: Tales From The Hood. “I definitely think the change will start on the independent level,” they say, “and horror anthologies are where it's at in that scene right now.” At every major horror festival, anthology movies have been in vogue, with new indie franchises like the found-footage series V/H/S and the robustly batshit The ABCs Of Death films providing on-the-rise horror directors with a platform that's appealing to programmers, genre fans, and most importantly, distributors. In the past few months, two new high-profile anthologies were announced: Tales Of Halloween, in which a small town's various October 31st nightmares are directed by folks like Darren Lynn Bousman (Saw II, III, and IV), Neil Marshall (The Descent), and Lucky McKee (May); and Holidays, a collection of holiday-themed horror shorts with Kevin Smith and the directors of the indie hits Starry Eyes and The Dirties attached. Even more apropos, one of 2015's most anticipated anthology films is XX, an all-female-director project that's directly on target with the zeitgeist initiated by Kent and Amirpour.
“All it would take is a group of hungry black filmmakers, or even one person, to do an anthology like that, get it picked up by one of the indie distribution companies, and then it makes a lot of noise in the genre community,” says Perkins. “As long as they can do it without being didactic or preachy. If they can be subtle with the themes but still be scary, it could be a really interesting way to address everything that's happening in our society—the same way directors like George Romero and Wes Craven did back in the '60s and '70s. It's the perfect time right now for a young black filmmaker to do that.”
Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso has raised the specter of armed North Korean refugees flooding the Sea of Japan coastline after a contingency on the Korean Peninsula, and asked whether they would be shot as part of Japan's response.
In a speech in Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, on Saturday, Aso, who is also the finance minister, asked how authorities would respond if that should happen.
“Can the police handle them? Will the Self-Defense Forces be dispatched and shoot them down? We'd better think about it seriously,” they claimed.
The United States and North Korea remain on high alert as their leaders continue to hurl nuclear threats at each other.
In the event of a Korean “contingency,” there is speculation that a large number of refugees from the impoverished, starving nation could make their way to Japan.
Citing an estimate of over 100,000 appearing along Sea of Japan coast prefectures like Niigata, Yamagata and Aomori, with some possibly armed, Aso asked: “Will police respond and arrest them on charges of illegal immigration? If the SDF are dispatched, will they shoot them down?”
Aso also suggested that the government should also discuss where such refugees would be held.
“It's a politician's job to think of (an emergency) response. It may not be an event in the distant future,” they said.
Twins pitching coach Neil Allen was suspended indefinitely by the team after being arrested early Thursday morning for suspicion of drunken driving.
Minor league pitching coordinator Eric Rasmussen will take over as Twins pitching coach for the time being.
The Twins issued a statement Thursday:
“The Minnesota Twins are aware of the pending DWI charge against pitching coach Neil Allen. Mr. Allen has been suspended, with pay, indefinitely and the matter will be handled in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Minnesota Twins Baseball Club.” The statement also said the team will have no further comment.
According to the incident report, Allen was stopped by officers for the Hennepin County Sheriff's Office around 2 a.m. Thursday at 6th Street S. and Park Avenue in Minneapolis. Allen refused to take a test after being stopped and was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving.
Allen
They were booked into Hennepin County jail a little before 4 a.m. and released around 10:30 a.m.
Allen frequently has admitted that they struggled with alcohol throughout much of their 11-year major league career pitching for five teams. They said in a 1990 interview with the New York Daily News that in 1989 while with Cleveland, they blew a .285 in a Breathalyzer test administered by a concerned teammate after a night of heavy drinking.
“Someone told me I was one drink from death,” Allen said in the interview. “That was June 19 [1989]. That was my last drink.”
In 1989 — their last season in the majors — Allen spent a month at the Valhalla Clinic in Sarasota, Fla. They told the Daily News that they had “lost my dignity and my personal pride in my life” to alcohol. “And it ruined my career,” they said.
Allen joined the Twins as pitching coach before the 2015 season, after Paul Molitor was named manager. Allen told the Star Tribune in the spring of 2015 that they had not had any alcohol since 1994.
Rasmussen, 64, has spent 26 years in the organization, including the past eight as the minor league pitching coordinator, traveling to all the Twins' affiliates to work with prospects. They interviewed for the pitching coach job last year but Allen beat them out.
Rasmussen has been a pitching coach for Twins minor teams at the rookie level, at Class A Fort Myers and Class AA New Britain. The last time they were a piching coach was at Fort Myers, from 1999 to 2008.
They pitched eight seasons in the majors for St. Louis, Kansas City and San Diego, going 50-77 with a 3.85 ERA.
Bryn Williams is looking for a new butter. The chef is fussy – it must be the right consistency, quality and size. And it has to be Welsh. "I never use Welsh produce just for the sake of it. It must be top-quality, but I take inspiration from food I was brought up on. I used to watch my grandmother churn their own butter and pour buttermilk over crushed new potatoes. Fantastic."
Williams has long been banging the drum for Welsh food, serving up the finest produce from the valleys at their acclaimed London restaurant Odette's. Now, they have company – Wales is ready to be noticed, with a government-funded True Taste of Wales brand and a flurry of gastro-inspired initiatives. True, Wales has always been respected in food circles, chiefly for its renowned Abergavenny food festival, but now there is a concerted effort to put the country firmly on the global food map.
A touring kitchen showcasing Welsh food at festivals is going global, with visits to Singapore, Barcelona, Paris, Cologne, Shanghai, Washington and Dubai. Gastro-tourism is growing, with young companies such as Snowdonia Safari taking visitors to sample local produce at homegrown businesses – think stewy cawl and Welsh cakes – and Turnstone Tours taking tourists to people's houses for home cooking.
And it is paying off, with companies reporting increased business. "One beer company's exports have grown from 5% to 17% in the past three years," says Nerys Howell, True Taste food consultant. Wales is also listed as one of the top three destinations for gastro-tourism, according to the journal Rural Geographies. "People are discovering how good their produce is," says Shaun Hill, from Michelin-starred The Walnut Tree, near Abergavenny. "We have first-class lamb, good beef, game, cheese and some very good charcuterie such as Trealy Farm's. Wales has always been a poor country so the culture is simple food – baking, and good meat or fish."
Ah, the produce, testament to Wales's grassy slopes, mountainous farmland and, as Williams says, the fact that "it never stops bloody raining". Speak to most chefs in Wales about the country's produce and their eyes grow dewy. "The coastline is fabulous," says Stephen Terry, from The Hardwick, Abergavenny. "Great crab and lobsters, fantastic Welsh samphire, salt-marsh lamb and cheese. Perl wen kicks the ass off brie."
There is a strong spirit of localism. "Research shows that 80% of visitors are looking for a Welsh food experience," says Howell. Elisabeth Luard, author of A Cook's Year in a Welsh Farmhouse, points out an interesting mix: "Incomers are keen on green self-sufficiency; locals, who lived isolated lives on the mountains, have a tradition of necessity." Most people bake, they say, many own pigs and chickens, and they used to get home-churned butter from their neighbours.
So what are chefs rustling up? Terry does a Welsh rarebit made with pressed ham hocks, acclaimed Hafod cheese and Welsh beer ("there's a brewery in virtually every valley"), Black Mountains Smokery smoked salmon with laverbread (made from seaweed) and rye bread from nearby award-winning baker Alex Gooch. Back at Odette's, Williams does a light bara brith ("speckled bread"), a Welsh cheeseboard – perl las, caerphilly and perl wen – with Welsh buttermilk soda bread and panna cotta. Then there's Welsh black beef, pedigree Welsh pork and mutton – and, of course, slow-roasted Welsh lamb (new season and salt marsh)."They would kill me at home if I didn't!"
For Williams, who has staked their reputation on bigging-up Welsh food, its growing clout is vindication. "I'm known as a chef who uses Welsh ingredients," they say, "It took years to gain the confidence to stick it on the menu. Welsh food isn't well-known, people found it strange, but Welsh produce can easily compete with [that of] anywhere else in the world."
Legal permanent resident "green cards" to Muslims have rocketed 29 percent under President Obama, a trend likely to increase due to the population explosions in the Muslim world, according to figures from the Department of Homeland Security.
An analysis of DHS data by the Immigration Reform Law Institute during the Obama administration found that 18 percent of all green cards, granting legal immigration residence, went to those from majority Muslim nations in fiscal year 2014, up from 14 percent the year Obama was elected. According to the analysis, immigrants from Muslim nations accounted for 178,403 of the 1 million green cards distributed in fiscal 2014, the last year data is available for.
If immigrants from India, where Islam is big but not dominant, are included, said the analysis, the percentage of green cards increases to 24 percent.
Muslim immigrants have been caught in the crossfire of the presidential election due to recent terror attacks around the world and the administration's bid to bring in 130,000 refugees from Muslim-controlled Syria.
Republican Donald Trump has called for tighter vetting of Muslim immigrants, while Hillary Rodham Clinton has doubled down on the president's agenda and called for more refugees, who are initially vetted by the United Nations.
The jump in immigration from nations that harbor or sponsor terrorists and terrorism was especially high, according to the Institute's analysis of DHS data.
Ian M. Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute said the change in immigration percentages is impacting the country.
"Why is the government forcing religious and cultural diversity on its own people? Does this administration see the historic majority of the nation as somehow deficient? I don't see why the demographic makeup of the country has to be changed so dramatically," they said.
Drawing attention to countries, including France, where there are heavily Muslim enclaves, they added, "Once these figures reach a point where Muslims in this country reach a critical mass, will we have no-go areas like we see in France? Will we see rape gangs like we see in England?"
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
It has been a traumatic time for car workers in Trollhattan in the west of Sweden. After years of uncertainty, this giant Saab car plant eventually stopped production in 2013. Thousands of jobs and livelihoods disappeared.
But now it is back.
CCTV's Dan Williams reports the story.
Follow Dan Williams on Twitter @Danielclearcut
Saab's successor, NEVS, ready to produce new electric vehicle It has been a traumatic time for car workers in Trollhattan in the west of Sweden. After years of uncertainty, this giant Saab car plant eventually stopped production in 2013. Thousands of jobs and livelihoods disappeared. But now it is back. CCTV's Dan Williams reports the story.
Under new owners, a new name and an electric car that already has an order book worth more than $12 billion.
“The first car will launch early next year and will be put into production in 2018. That is a car that is filling a gap in the market. A pure electric car that still has the performance, should be fun to drive, should be a safe car,” Mattias Bergman, president of NEVS, said.
NEVS or National Electric Vehicle Sweden is a Swedish firm with Chinese backers. The new cars will begin production at a newly built factory in China. Production in Sweden will then follow. But the business model will not follow the conventional car-dealership route.
“We will tailor the car for each transport need. Sometimes you need a small car to transport yourself in downtown, sometimes you need a large SUV to go in the countryside. You just pay for what you use. So you can modify the package based on your transport need and financial capability,” said Mattias Bergman, the president of NEVS.
Although some of the locals remain skeptical, the reopening of the production plant would give the town a significant boost.
Saab toyed with electric transport in the past. But NEVS hopes to take the electric car industry to a whole new level.
You know multinational corporate and financial interests, the big club, and the U.S. K-street lobbying community are on their heels when they need to call former President George W. Bush to their defense.
Delivering a speech today from the George W Bush institute, which is almost entirely funded by multinational corporations, the former president rises to speak out against nationalism and in defense of global economic interests. Pay attention to the specificity of the wording.
President Bush's professional political speechwriters always construct their verbiage in a series of sound-bite sentences that are assembled individually and then pasted together to create the flow. You'll probably notice the pattern and be reminded of the familiarity therein. This segment below accurately reflects the overarching message:
.
The timing of this globalist-worldview speech is NOT coincidental given how recently President Trump has begun publicly engaging policy framework against individual aspects of global economic control. President Trump is reasserting U.S. policy that reestablishes sovereignty. The UniParty is more exposed than ever before in recent history; and now, not when President Obama was in office, but right NOW, George W. Bush rises to speak? Consider:
“A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for they are known and carries their banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, their sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself.”
“For the traitor appears not a traitor; they speak in accents familiar to their victims, and they wear their face and their arguments, they appeal to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. They rot the soul of a nation, they work secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, they infect the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear.” ~Marcus Tullius Cicero
Worth noting that recently President Trump called out the multinational pharmaceutical industry (via ObamaCare payments etc.); additionally, the international finance group, IMF (International Monetary Fund), held their meetings to discuss the future of global economies. This is on the heels of World Bank forecasts, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce taking an adversarial approach toward the administration via NAFTA. None of this is accidental.
Notice OPEC, particularly ‘The Gulf States' (two-thirds of all production), now a Trump ally, are continuing to driving production. This is in combination with western nations domestic energy policies shifting as a result of Trump withdrawing from the Paris Climate Treaty. [*Note* all nationalistic energy activity is driven by the economics of financial viability, not the ruse of planetary climate.] Sword dancing has benefits.
Meanwhile Venezuela, an OPEC member and also China and Russia's largest debtor, is in a state of economic crisis and under sanctions from Treasury Secretary Mnuchin. This makes their ability to reach out to the international financial community very, well, challenging.
So what impact is all of this Trumpian shifting of geopolitical economic plates having out in the world of multinational finance?
(Via Bloomberg) The IMF's steering committee warned that global growth is at risk of faltering in coming years given uncomfortably low inflation and rising geopolitical risks, injecting a cautious note into an otherwise improving economic outlook. “The recovery is not yet complete, with inflation below target in most advanced economies, and potential growth remains weak in many countries,” the International Monetary and Financial Committee said in a communique released Saturday in Washington. “Near-term risks are broadly balanced, but there is no room for complacency because medium-term economic risks are tilted to the downside and geopolitical tensions are rising.” (read more)
There are trillions of dollars at stake and global influence agents, along with multinational corporations, are beginning to realize that President Trump's America-First economic strategy is continuing despite their control over the majority of congress.
In the background, and as a direct counter to how President Trump is using the Trump Doctrine of economic leverage, you will note that China, Russia, Iran and other state adversaries are creating a financial network to avoid their exposure to U.S. trade currency leverage. Their strategic action is what's driving up the value of crypto-currencies like Bitcoin as tools to avoid Trump's leverage and Secretary Mnuchin's aligned economic policy influence.
Follow this economic confrontation and subsequent financial avoidance technique to its natural conclusion – and what appears on the horizon is a financial system where the U.S. dollar is the currency of allies, and crypto-currencies are the currency of adversaries.
Europe will have to decide which direction to take; the International Monetary Fund and world banking institutions will have to decide whose side to take.
Additionally, following the globalist economic path of the last 30+ years, the corrupted political lobbying system within the U.S. will lead to some U.S. politicians (GOPe and Dem UniParty members) siding with communist and totalitarian regimes against U.S. interests.
Watch this financial angle closely. This is the epicenter of why President Trump has labeled the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as terror entities. The U.S. State Department and U.S. Treasury can take punitive action (financially) against identified and defined terrorist networks.
This is the “Big Stuff” the U.S. corporate media will never discuss. Unfortunately, the media has a vested ideological stake in the outcome and cannot be guaranteed to align with freedom. The western media, writ large, are more sympathetic toward totalitarian perspectives and globalism: where a clustered group of exclusive “elites” control the masses.
Hence, corporately controlled media can be predicted to sympathetically point out: A.) that North Korea is really just a misunderstood regime who really cares about its people; B.) China's communism must not be too bad because look at all the stuff they generate; and C.) Iran is simply acting like a disgruntled teenager lashing out at those who don't allow them to express their feelings… etc.
However, hidden well behind the narratives we discover the motives, the real motives. There are trillions of dollars at stake and control over the masses therein by a few hand-selected control agents.
Advertisements
Establish Current Good Manufacturing Practice and Hazard Analysis and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals
View the Final Rule Contents in Docket Folder FDA-2011-N-0922 Below is a fact sheet provided by FDA.
The second major compliance dates for the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule arrived in September 2017.
The final rule was published in September 2015 and larger animal food facilities were required to comply with the Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) requirements by September 2016.
Now larger animal food facilities have been required to comply with the preventive controls requirements since September 18, 2017, and facilities that are small businesses were required to implement the CGMPs by that date.
Because compliance dates are staggered by the size of the business, the next major compliance dates come in September 2018, when small businesses will also have to meet preventive controls requirements and very small businesses must implement the CGMPs.
This rule requires animal food facilities to have a food safety plan in place that includes an analysis of hazards to determine which ones need control and risk-based preventive controls to minimize or prevent those hazards.
Jenny Murphy, a consumer safety officer at FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine, explains what animal food producers can expect in this next phase of implementation.
Key Requirements
1. Covered facilities must follow Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMPs) for animal food production.
The FDA has finalized CGMPs for producing safe animal food that take into consideration the unique aspects of the animal food industry and provide flexibility for the wide diversity in types of animal food facilities.
Processors already implementing human food safety requirements and who are just holding by-product for use as animal food, do not need to implement additional preventive controls or CGMP regulations when supplying a by-product (e.g., wet spent grains, fruit or vegetable peels, liquid whey) for animal food, except to prevent contamination. Examples of contamination include placing trash or cleaning chemicals into the container holding the by-products. This regulation applies to human food facilities that donate or sell a by-product for use as animal food.
If the human food facility processes its by-product for use as animal food (e.g., drying, pelleting, heat-treatment), the facility must process the by-product in compliance with CGMPs to help ensure the animal food's safety. The facility can choose to follow either the human food or animal food CGMPs when further processing the by-product. In addition, unless it is a qualified facility or otherwise exempt from 21 CFR part 507, subpart C (hazard analysis and preventive controls), the facility needs to determine whether there are any hazards that require a preventive control. A facility that appropriately determines through its hazard analysis that there are no hazards requiring a preventive control would document such a determination in its hazard analysis but would not need to establish preventive controls. For more information, see the draft Guidance for Industry #239: Human Food By-Products for Use as Animal Food.
back to top
2. Covered facilities must establish and implement a food safety system that includes an analysis of hazards and, if necessary, risk-based preventive controls. The rule sets requirements for a written food safety plan that includes:
Hazard analysis: The first step is hazard identification, which must consider known or reasonably foreseeable biological, chemical, and physical hazards. These hazards could be present because they occur naturally, are unintentionally introduced, or are intentionally introduced for economic gain (if they affect the safety of the food). If the hazard analysis reveals one or more hazards that require a preventive control, the facility must have and implement written preventive controls for those hazards.
The first step is hazard identification, which must consider known or reasonably foreseeable biological, chemical, and physical hazards. These hazards could be present because they occur naturally, are unintentionally introduced, or are intentionally introduced for economic gain (if they affect the safety of the food). If the hazard analysis reveals one or more hazards that require a preventive control, the facility must have and implement written preventive controls for those hazards. Preventive controls: Facilities have flexibility when tailoring preventive controls to address hazards that occur in the products they manufacture. The preventive controls, which must be written, must be implemented to ensure that any hazards requiring a preventive control will be significantly minimized or prevented and help ensure that the food is not adulterated. The rule includes the following preventive controls: Process controls include procedures that ensure the control of parameters during certain processing operations such as cooking, refrigerating, and acidifying foods. They must include parameters and values (e.g., parameter values), as appropriate to the nature of the applicable control and its role in the facility's food safety system. Sanitation controls are procedures, practices, and processes to ensure that the facility is maintained in a sanitary condition to minimize or prevent hazards such as environmental pathogens and hazards from employees handling animal food. Other Controls are controls that are not described above but are necessary to ensure that a hazard requiring a preventive control will be significantly minimized or prevented.
Facilities have flexibility when tailoring preventive controls to address hazards that occur in the products they manufacture. The preventive controls, which must be written, must be implemented to ensure that any hazards requiring a preventive control will be significantly minimized or prevented and help ensure that the food is not adulterated. The rule includes the following preventive controls: Oversight and management of preventive controls: Once a facility has identified a preventive control for a hazard, the facility must ensure the effectiveness of the control. Monitoring: These procedures are designed to provide assurance that preventive controls are consistently performed. Monitoring is conducted as appropriate to the preventive control. For example, monitoring of a heat process to kill pathogens would include recording temperature values. Monitoring must be documented. Corrections : These are steps taken, in a timely manner, to identify and correct a minor, isolated problem that occurs during food production. Corrective actions : These include actions to identify and correct a problem implementing a preventive control, reduce the likelihood the problem will recur, evaluate affected animal food for safety, and prevent that food from entering commerce if you cannot ensure that the affected food is not adulterated. Corrective actions must be documented. Verification : These are activities to determine whether a preventive control is operating as intended and to establish the validity of the food safety plan. Examples of verification activities include scientifically validating process preventive controls to ensure that the control measure is capable of effectively controlling an identified hazard and calibrating (or checking the accuracy of) process monitoring and verification instruments, such as thermometers. Verification activities also include reviewing records to ensure that monitoring and corrective actions (if necessary) are being conducted. Verification activities must be documented. Product testing and environmental monitoring are possible verification activities but are only required as appropriate to the animal food, facility, nature of the preventive control, and the role of that control in the facility's food safety system.
Once a facility has identified a preventive control for a hazard, the facility must ensure the effectiveness of the control. Recall plan: Every facility that produces animal food with a hazard requiring a preventive control must have a recall plan.
back to top
3. Some animal food facilities will need a supply-chain program to address hazards in raw materials and other ingredients.
A manufacturer must have and implement a risk-based supply-chain program if its hazard analysis identifies a hazard that (1) requires a preventive control and (2) the control will be applied in the facility's supply chain. Manufacturers do not need to have a supply-chain program if they control the hazard in their own facility, or if their customer is a facility that will control the hazard. Manufacturers are responsible for ensuring that raw materials and other ingredients requiring a supply-chain-applied control are received only from approved suppliers, or on a temporary basis from unapproved suppliers whose raw materials are subject to verification activities before being accepted for use. (A manufacturer approves a supplier by considering several factors, such as a hazard analysis of the food, the entity that will be controlling a hazard requiring a supply-chain-applied control, and supplier food safety performance.) Another entity in the supply chain, such as a broker or distributor, can conduct supplier verification activities, but the receiving manufacturer must review and assess that entity's documentation of the supplier verification activities.
back to top
4. The definition of a ‘farm' describes two types of farm operations. Operations meeting the definition of ‘farm' are not subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule.
Primary Production Farm: This is an operation under one management in one general, but not necessarily contiguous, location devoted to the growing of crops, the harvesting of crops, the raising of animals (including seafood), or any combination of these activities. The definition of “farm” allows farms to pack or hold raw agricultural commodities (food in its raw or natural state) that are grown on a farm under a different management. Companies that solely harvest crops from farms are included within the “farm” definition. An operation devoted to raising animals is not subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule. However, a feed mill that supplies animal food may be a part of a farm or may be subject to the regulation. For example, a farm that raises beef cattle may own and operate a feed mill. The feed mill is considered part of the farm and is not subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule if the feed mill is managed by the farm or the same company as the farm, is in the same general physical location, and produces animal food that is fed only to the animals on that farm or another farm under the same management. In another example, a poultry processor may own a feed mill but contract the raising of the poultry to a third-party farmer. The poultry processor and its feed mill are under different management than the farm raising the poultry. The feed mill owned by the poultry processor does not qualify as a farm and is subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule because it manufactures food for animals that are on a farm that is not under the same management as the feed mill.
This is an operation under one management in one general, but not necessarily contiguous, location devoted to the growing of crops, the harvesting of crops, the raising of animals (including seafood), or any combination of these activities. Secondary Activities Farm: This is an operation not located on a Primary Production Farm that is devoted to harvesting, packing, and/or holding raw agricultural commodities. It must be majority owned by the Primary Production Farm(s) that supplies the majority of the raw agricultural commodities that are harvested, packed, or held by the Secondary Activities Farm. The secondary activities farm definition has very limited application to animal food beyond the harvesting, packing, and holding of grain.
back to top
5. Feed mills that are part of farms (vertically integrated operations) are not covered by the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule.
Feed mills that are part of fully vertically integrated farming operations (i.e., where the farm, its animals, and the feed mill are all together under one management) are not subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food final rule.
The FDA remains concerned that not having these feed mills subject to the Preventive Controls for Animal Food final rule leaves a gap in the protection of human and animal health because these feed mills manufacture significant amounts of animal food.
The FDA intends to publish a proposed rule in the future that would require some feed mill operations that currently are part of a farm to implement the CGMPs established by the Preventive Controls for Animal Food rule.
back to top
Compliance Dates
Businesses have a staggered number of years after publication of the final rule to comply, based on business size. In addition, there are staggered compliance dates between the CGMP requirements and the Preventive Control Requirements:
Business Size CGMP compliance date PC compliance date Business other than small and very small Sept. 19, 2016 Sept. 18, 2017 Small business (a business employing fewer than 500 full-time equivalent employees) Sept. 18, 2017 Sept. 17, 2018 Very small business (a business averaging less than $2,500,000, adjusted for inflation, per year, during the 3-year period preceding the applicable calendar year in sales of animal food plus the market value of animal food manufactured, processed, packed, or held without sale (e.g., held for a fee or supplied to a farm without sale). Sept. 17, 2018 Sept. 17, 2019, except for records to support status as very small business (Jan. 1, 2017)
Compliance dates for some facilities and activities have been extended. For more information, see Compliance Date Extensions and Clarifications for FSMA Final Rules.
Assistance to Industry
The FDA is committed to educating industry on the new rules while it regulates. The agency is developing guidance on hazard analysis and preventive controls, and has published guidance documents that include:
Plans for training and technical assistance are well under way. They include:
The FSMA Technical Assistance Network to provide a central source of information and a web-based system to support industry understanding and implementation of FSMA.
Collaborating with the Food Safety Preventive Controls Alliance on training and technical assistance programs.
back to top
We've got our hands on the first official teaser trailer of How To train Your Dragon 2, the upcoming CG adventure animated movie sequel from Dreamworks, you may watch it below:
How To train Your Dragon 2 directed by Dean Deblois
HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 2
Plot:“The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To train Your Dragon trilogy brings back the world Hiccup (Jay Baruchel) and Toothless five years later. While Astrid (America ferrera), Snoutlout (Jonah Hill) and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace.Hiccup and Toothless will lead hundreds of hero dragons in defense of Dragon Mountain, battling against Drago Bloodfist's huge army of Dragon Hunters and their ruthless war machines.”
Now that Hiccup is a grown up man, we may expect a hell of a great adventure: feel like the sequel will be even better than the first film!
What do you think of this first trailer of How To train Your Dragon 2? I bet you want to have your own dragon and go fly in the sky with it? Share your thoughts below!
The film will hit theaters on June 20, 2014.
:)
Promo art for "Rock Band 4" Harmonix Music Systems When a new "Guitar Hero" game was announced earlier this week, we told you to throw out your old instruments. After all, none of them will work with "Guitar Hero Live," the game arriving this fall on a mess of game platforms.
But not so fast!
Like "Guitar Hero," the "Rock Band" franchise returns this fall. Unlike "Guitar Hero," though, "Rock Band 4" will support your old plastic guitar controllers. Not just the ones you got with previous "Rock Band" games, but also that of the competition.
"We're planning to support everything that we can: That includes all of the old 'Rock Band' controllers, and all the old 'Guitar Hero' controllers," project director Daniel Sussman told us in an interview Thursday afternoon.
And that makes sense. The developers of the "Rock Band" franchise, Harmonix Music Systems, are also the developers behind the first two "Guitar Hero" games. The two franchises share a lot of DNAs: Both aim to create a guitar-centric karaoke experience, and they both deliver it in a similar way.
In "Guitar Hero Live," publisher Activision is intentionally breaking away from the past. The new guitar controller is emblematic of this shift - rather than use the traditional five-button setup (below, right), "Guitar Hero Live" uses a new controller with a six-button setup (below, left; three buttons on top, three below). Left: New "Guitar Hero" guitar | Right: Old "Guitar Hero" guitar Activision
What that means for people buying the $100 "Guitar Hero" game this fall is that none of their old plastic guitar controllers work with the new game. That's a serious bummer for folks who've been holding out for a return to the franchise since it was paused back in 2011.
Harmonix apparently agrees - here's Sussman on the subject:
Our position is really all about respect for our consumers and for the money that they have spent to get into the game space in the first place. They spend a fortune on games: on consoles, on hardware, and we're sensitive to that. We play those games too. We buy all the same stuff. A world where you need to have three different guitars and two drum sets and all this stuff is...we don't want to support that world.
Whether the new, reconfigured "Guitar Hero Live" controller will work in "Rock Band 4" is another question altogether. Sussman believes it's possible, but he's just as in the dark as we are.
"I don't see anything on it that makes me think that we couldn't figure out a way to support it," they say. "And yet I won't know for sure until we get one in the office."
Both "Guitar Hero Live" and "Rock Band 4" launch this fall.
They Ping Ping World's Shortest Man (Photos)
China is home to the World's Shortest Man and the World's Tallest Man. According to Guinness World Records,, who measures 2 ft 5.37 in (74.61 centimeters) is twenty years old and is the World's Shortest Man. Their father said that they were no larger than the size of a man's palm at birth.
The World's Tallest Man, Bao Xishun, also from China, lives 500 miles from They Ping Ping. Bao is 7 ft 8.95 in tall. They recently moved into top spot when Ukrainian Leonid Stadnyk refused to be measured under new Guiness guidelines, which called for 6 measuring sessions over the course of one day, in standing and prone positions. The 8 ft 5.5 in giant didn't want to be bothered.
Some 75 years ago the U.S. claimed the World's Tallest Man, Robert Wadlow, who died at age 22 in 1940. They measured 8 ft 11.1 in. Check out the World's Tiniest Teenager here.
See photos of They Ping Ping, Bao Xishun, Leonid Stadnyk and Robert Wadlow below - click to enlarge.
The troubled HealthCare.gov website may be having problems pulling in applicants for ObamaCare, but that's not stopping President Obama's political arm from pulling in cash off the dysfunctional site.
Through their political group Organizing for Action, Obama sent a videotaped message to supporters in an email Tuesday evening.
In the video, the president said "the website has not worked as smoothly as it was supposed to," but "we're gonna get it fixed." As he's said before, the president added: "The Affordable Care Act is much more than a website."
The email, though, also appealed for donations, saying "the other side will spend millions to maintain the status quo."
Supporters who click past Obama's video message are then taken to a donation page that says: "The other side has already spent a whopping $400 million in anti-Obamacare TV ads. We don't have to beat that, but we need to have the resources to fight back."
The group has been organizing a multitude of events and social media campaigns around the health care law's implementation. OFA said those efforts will continue, but the group isn't adjusting its strategy in response to the website's issues.
The campaign-style effort to defend the law comes as the administration, in Washington, tries to soothe both insurance companies and Democratic allies about the site's operation.
Health insurance executives were scheduled for a meeting at the White House on Wednesday. It included Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough.
On Wednesday, the administration also sent Mike Hash, who runs the health reform office at Health and Human Services, to Capitol Hill to brief lawmakers on the law's implementation.
Only Democrats were invited to that session, prompting protest from House Speaker John Boehner, whose spokesperson called it a "snub" and said the administration should brief House Republicans, too.
But a Boehner spokesperson said Wednesday that HHS has since agreed to provide House Republicans with a briefing on the site. "We are working out details," the spokesperson said.
Obama has turned to longtime adviser Jeffrey Zients to provide management advice to help fix the system. Zients, a former acting director of the Office of Management and Budget and a veteran management consultant, will be on a short-term assignment at HHS before he's due to take over as director of Obama's National Economic Council next year.
Meanwhile, Vice President Joe Biden and top White House officials held a call with business leaders Tuesday about the health law and other issues. Business Forward, a trade group friendly to the White House, said the administration asked the group to invite leaders to hear directly from Biden.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The clear top three guys for me are White Sox second baseman Yoan Moncada, Yankees shortstop Gleyber Torres and Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi, in that order ... I listed only five pitchers in my top 32, starting with Cardinals right-hander Alex Reyes at No. 9 ... prospects not on the current Top 100 (remember, we put it together in July) who made my top 50: Blue Jays third baseman Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (No. 31) and Cardinals catcher Carson Kelly (No. 49) ... next on my list at No. 51 would be Dodgers right-hander Yadier Alvarez, whom I suspect could rank significantly higher than that by the end of 2017.
The MLBPipeline.com crew has begun the process of revamping our Top 100 Prospects , and we'll release the updated list at the end of January. My first step was putting together a personal list of the 50 best prospects, and here are a few random observations from my rankings:
The MLBPipeline.com crew has begun the process of revamping our Top 100 Prospects, and we'll release the updated list at the end of January. My first step was putting together a personal list of the 50 best prospects, and here are a few random observations from my rankings:
The clear top three guys for me are White Sox second baseman Yoan Moncada, Yankees shortstop Gleyber Torres and Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi, in that order ... I listed only five pitchers in my top 32, starting with Cardinals right-hander Alex Reyes at No. 9 ... prospects not on the current Top 100 (remember, we put it together in July) who made my top 50: Blue Jays third baseman Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (No. 31) and Cardinals catcher Carson Kelly (No. 49) ... next on my list at No. 51 would be Dodgers right-hander Yadier Alvarez, whom I suspect could rank significantly higher than that by the end of 2017.
:: Submit a question to the Pipeline Inbox ::
Tweet from @joeydivito: @jimcallisMLB @MLBPipeline You compared Swanson to Jeter. Can you explain what tangibles and intangibles they have that led you to this? Will they be ROY this season?
I've thrown out the Dansby Swanson/Derek Jeter comparison a few times, always with the caveat that it doesn't mean I think Swanson is a lock first-ballot Hall of Famer. But that parallel works in terms of their games and their personalities.
Like Jeter, Swanson should hit for a high average with moderate power (albeit good pop for a shortstop) and a decent amount of walks. They have similar quickness and should provide 20 or so steals per year. Swanson is a solid defender and likely a better shortstop than Jeter was, though they probably won't match The Captain's five Gold Glove Awards.
Swanson's charisma is reminiscent of Jeter's as well. Relative to the market sizes, Swanson will become as big a star in their hometown as Jeter was in New York.
Tweet from @lot_49: @jimcallisMLB @MLBPipeline Given their very high k% and failure to establish themselves at a position, is Yoan Moncada being overrated?
Dan pointed out in a follow-up tweet that they were playing devil's advocate to some extent with this question, but I've also been asked it with more seriousness. To which my response is: Maybe we shouldn't go too crazy over 19 big league at-bats (yes, they included 12 strikeouts). Don't forget they came from a 21-year-old who had played exactly 45 games above Class A, who was asked to learn a new position on the job, who was doing so in the middle of a playoff race -- think they might have been a little overwhelmed?
If the Red Sox hadn't called up Moncada, their 2016 would be judged solely on their stellar Minor League performance: .294/.407/.511 with 15 homers, 45 steals and 72 walks in 106 games. They did strike out 124 times in 491 plate appearances, and there are some swing-and-miss concerns, though it also should be noted that they made less contact while they got more aggressive and started tapping into their power in Double-A. Maybe they don't reach their "Robinson Cano with more speed" ceiling, but their floor looks like a .260 hitter with 20 homers and 30 steals per year.
With Moncada's quickness and arm strength, they should be an asset almost anywhere on the diamond, though most evaluators project them as just an average second baseman. The only reason Boston moved them to third base was because it has Dustin Pedroia, not because Moncada can't play second base.
Tweet from @cronebender: @jimcallisMLB @MLBPipeline Where do you stand on the Giolito concerns of their status as a prospect being stuff-not-results?
I'm less concerned about White Sox right-hander Lucas Giolito's lackluster big league debut than others may be. They did get lit up for a 6.75 ERA, 26 hits (including seven homers) and 12 walks in 21 1/3 innings, but as with Moncada, I won't get too carried away by a small sample size. I also don't think the Nationals handled them very well last season, calling them to Washington on five separate occasions but never letting them take consecutive turns in the rotation, as well as having them change teams nine times.
Giolito is still just 22 and has barely pitched above Double-A. Some scouts worry if they can repeat their mechanics consistently to get enough out of their pure stuff, though White Sox pitching coach Don Cooper should be able to help with that. And it's hard not to love the pure stuff: a running fastball that can top 100 mph, an equally vicious power curveball and a sinking changeup that shows flashes of becoming a plus third pitch.
I'm not surprised that Chicago was able to get Moncada as the centerpiece of a Chris Sale deal, but I'm still stunned it got Giolito (plus right-handers Reynaldo Lopez and Dane Dunning) for Adam Eaton. It feels like the Nationals sold low on a guy who began 2016 considered as the game's best pitching prospect.
Tweet from @UWSBX69: @jimcallisMLB @MLBPipeline which ny ss would you take Rosario or Torres and who has the advantage in each of the 5 tools
I answered the first part of this question in my introduction to this column. I believe Torres is the top shortstop prospect in baseball and ranked them No. 2 overall. The Mets' Amed Rosario isn't that far behind, however, coming in at No. 5 on my personal Top 50.
Let's break down those tools. Torres is the better offensive player, as they have a chance to become an elite hitter with solid power, while Rosario's ceiling is more as a plus bat with fringy pop. Rosario's advantage comes with defense (he looks like a future Gold Glover while Torres is more dependable than flashy) and speed (he has plus speed while Torres is an average runner). Both have plus arm strength.
Patients can wait over three years to see consultant in Northern Ireland, claims GP BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Patients with conditions such as incontinence and kidney stones are waiting more than three years to see a consultant, it has been claimed. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/patients-can-wait-over-three-years-to-see-consultant-in-northern-ireland-claims-gp-35545891.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35463883.ece/7eb9e/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-02-20_new_28786682_I1.JPG
Email
Patients with conditions such as incontinence and kidney stones are waiting more than three years to see a consultant, it has been claimed.
They then face further indefinite waits for tests, treatment and operations.
A Co Down GP has hit out at the excessive wait being endured by patients living with painful and debilitating conditions.
Dr David Ross, who works in a GP practice in Saintfield, said they have been told non 'red flag' urology referrals - patients not suspected of having cancer - can expect to wait 160 weeks for a first outpatient appointment.
They said the problem is not isolated to the South Eastern Trust, where they work, and is putting additional stress on an already overstretched health service.
"For example, I was working in the GP out-of-hours service recently and I took a call one night from a lady who was waiting for gall bladder surgery," they said.
"She was in a lot of pain, had already been waiting 12 months for surgery and had been told it would be another six or 12 months before it would be done.
"Here is someone who is using the out-of-hours service or ending up in A&E and then being admitted and spending days in a hospital bed, costing the health service more money in the long run, when the most sensible thing would be just to operate.
"This is general surgery but there are other specialties, such as urology, where the wait time is 160 weeks.
"Urology waiting times are dreadful, but other specialties like cardiology and paediatrics are also bad."
Meanwhile, Dr Michael McKenna, a GP from west Belfast, said they have recently been told orthopaedic patients can wait up to two years for a first hospital appointment.
"However, they can then wait a further two years for operations, including hip and knee replacements.
"Waiting list delays remain totally unacceptable and are only continuing to grow in the current political impasse", they said.
"This cannot be allowed to continue."
Dr Ross said GPs are frequently left trying to care for patients languishing on waiting lists for years.
"We are being slaughtered by the increased workload because we have to try and manage these patients' conditions while they are on the waiting list and we are spending a lot of time chasing up appointments," they said. "They may be low risk conditions for the patients, but they are painful and distressing and conditions that you don't want to have."
Just last month, the former Health Minister Michelle O'Neill unveiled a plan to address the waiting list crisis, requiring a £31m cash injection.
Ms O'Neill said they hoped it would mean that by March 2018, no-one would wait more than a year for a first hospital appointment and surgery.
However, given the current political situation, it is not known whether the £31m required will be made available.
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "The plan does not focus solely on hospitals, but takes into account all of our health and social care services working together to transform the delivery of care.
"Part of this will involve maximising hospital capacity through innovations such as specialist elective care centres for treatment and the further development of ambulatory assessment and treatment centres, but it is also about making better use of the skills of our primary care professionals and doing more outside the hospital setting."
Belfast Telegraph
“Dr. Francis Delmonico is Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School and practices transplant surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital.  They are also the director of medical affairs for the Transplantation Society and an adviser on human transplantation for the World Health Organization (WHO) . . .
Delmonico decried the fact that Israel is outsourcing kidney and liver transplants to Colombia and the Philippines.
Israel has, in the past, been a center for dubious human organ trafficking operations. It is also the case that Palestinian prisoners in Israel have sought to sell their kidneys to feed their children. The Israel Medical Association is opposing a bill that would allow the donors of certain organs to be reimbursed by the state.
The group claims this will ‘open the door' to organ sales.”
A year after our report, the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported that Palestinian prisoners who died at the hands of Israeli troops had their organs harvested.
The Swedish report was met with howls of “blood libel,” “anti-Semitism,” “hate speech,” and other typical histrionics from Jewish groups around the world, which can always be expected to act on cues from their deep-pocketed financiers.
Aftonbladet withstood the Zionist onslaught and stuck by its story. It was later vindicated when a 2000 interview with Yehuda Hiss.
Now comes the charges from Iraq's ambassador that ISIL is removing human organs from its victims. But who are the buyers?
Given Israel's tacit support for Syrian rebels, including ISIL and groups like the Al Nusra Front that are allied with it, Israel is the likely customer for the Iraqi body parts in a quid pro quo that only a Dr. Frankenstein could admire.
For a nation like Israel that is full of anti-Arab zealots and racists, that sort of animosity does not seem to extend, even under bizarrely antiquated Jewish religious laws, to placing Arab kidneys, livers, and pancreas into the bodies of Israeli Jews in need of organ transplants.
Are one or possibly two Israelis now sporting Kayla Mueller's kidney or kidneys, courtesy of ISIL?
Israeli Defense Force (IDF) and Mossad agents have been witnessed transferring weapons to ISIL units in Iraq's western Anbar province as well as in the area around Quneitra, near the Golan Heights of Syria.
In addition, wounded Syrian rebels fighting the government of Bashar al Assad, have been medically evacuated across the Israeli border for treatment in Israeli hospitals. Many of these wounded rebels are either members of ISIL or sympathizers with Al Nusra.
In return for Israeli support, ISIL never trains its long-range weapons at Israeli positions but keep them focused on Syrian government forces.
There have also been credible reports that Mossad and the IDF have supplied ISIL with intelligence on Lebanese Hezbollah units in Syria in order that the jihadist radicals launch attacks on the Shi'a Lebanese positions.
In fact, ISIL religious dogma instructs its followers that the Shi'as are worse enemies of ISIL than are Jews.
THE Cavaliers stopped Golden State's perfect postseason and maybe started another comeback.
Just like last year, the NBA Finals are at 3-1 after four games.
LeBron James recorded a triple-double, Kyrie Irving scored 40 points and Cleveland outperformed the NBA's most electrifying offense in a testy Game 4 filled with technical fouls on Saturday (AEST), beating the Warriors 137-116 and snapping their 15-game playoff winning streak.
“We just kept our composure,” James said. “We shared the ball, we moved the ball and defensively we were physical.”
A series that appeared to be headed for a quick conclusion is California bound for Game 5 on Tuesday.
‘OFFICIALS HAVE BEEN PAID!': Star's mum explodes
THE ‘ABSURD' LEBRON DUNK THAT HAS EVERYBODY TALKING
The Cavs set scoring records in the first half and then held on during a wild third and fourth quarter that included technical fouls, James jawing with fellow superstar Kevin Durant and Cleveland's crowd roaring like a jet engine. No team has ever come back from a 3-0 deficit in the NBA playoffs.
But until the Cavs did it last year, no team had ever rallied from a 3-1 deficit to win the Finals. Cleveland took Game 3 at home, lost Game 4 and then won the final three games - Game 7 in Oakland - to capture the city's first sports championship since 1964.
LIVE stream every game of the NBA Finals on EPSN with the FOXTEL Sports Pack. Get your 2-week free FOXTEL PLAY trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW!
As the final seconds ticked off, Cleveland fans chanted “Cavs in 7.” The Warriors had swept their first three series and were 48 minutes away from a party they've been planning for a year. But it's on hold and Golden State fans are holding their breath.
Durant, still one win from the coveted championship they left Oklahoma City to get, scored 35 but got little help from Stephen Curry, who scored 14 on 4-of-13 shooting.
James finished with 31 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists for their ninth career triple-double in the Finals, breaking the record of eight held by Magic Johnson. Kevin Love added 23 points for Cleveland, which made 24 3-pointers and finished the first half with a jaw-dropping 86 points.
If not for Cleveland's Kyle Korver missing a 3-pointer in the final minute of Game 3, the series would be 2-2.
LeBron James.and Kevin Durant. Source: AFP
In any event, the Cavs are still breathing and it's now the Warriors who may be feeling the pressure after blowing a 3-1 lead last June.
The third quarter featured a confusing sequence and a scramble on the floor that resulted in two technical, a friend of James being escorted from the arena and back and forth flurries worthy of a heavyweight boxing match. At one point, it was announced that Golden State's Draymond Green had been given their second technical foul and security came onto the floor to usher the volatile forward to the locker room.
However, a technical assessed to them in the first half was actually called on Warriors coach Steve Kerr, leading to the confusion. Later, Warriors center Zaza Pachulia was involved in a pileup of players in the foul lane and they delivered two swipes to Iman Shumpert's groin area as the referees tried to get control. Pachulia could have been tossed, but was only given a technical as was Shumpert. As this was being sorted out, Todd Leebow, a friend of James who was sitting with the three-time champion's business partners, got involved in an argument with Golden State's bench and was asked to leave.
Kyrie Irving dropped 40 points. Source: AFP
The Cavs were determined not to let the Warriors celebrate on their floor for the second time in three years, and it was Cleveland, not Golden State, which busted Finals scoring records in the first half. Cleveland scored 49 in the first quarter and 86 during a dizzying opening 24 minutes that left players and fans gasping for air.
And beyond their firepower, the Cavs did it on defense, holding the up-and-down Warriors without a single fast-break point.
With their crowd hanging on every dribble, pass and shot, the Cavaliers came out flying.
Cleveland built an early 16-point lead and for the first extended time the series the defending champions looked and played like the superior team at both ends.
Golden State clawed within seven, but then the Warriors began fouling and Kerr got nailed with their technical - one of seven in the game. Fueled by the outburst, the Cavs went on a 12-2 run capped by a 3-pointer from Love and dunk by 36-year-old Richard Jefferson, who earlier in the day said they and their teammates would approach the 3-0 deficit like a marathon, “one step at a time.”
They've taken the first.
NBA FINALS SCHEDULE
- All times are AEST.
*if necessary
Game 1: Golden State 113 — Cleveland 91
Game 2: Golden State 132 — Cleveland 119
Game 3: Golden State 118 — Cleveland 113
Game 4: Golden State 116 — Cleveland 137
Game 5 * Tuesday, June 13, 11am.: Cleveland at Golden State.
Game 6 * Friday, June 16, 11am.: Golden State at Cleveland.
Game 7 * Monday, June 19, 10am.: Cleveland at Golden State.
LIVE UPDATES
There are few forthcoming PlayStation 3 titles that are quite so keenly anticipated as Beyond: Two Souls, the latest project from Quantic Dream – the idiosyncratic French developer behind acclaimed 2010 adventure Heavy Rain. Following the story of young Jodie Holmes (played by Hollywood starlet Ellen Page) and their mysterious supernatural companion, Aiden, it lit up E3 earlier this year with its stunning reveal trailer.
We haven't heard a great deal on the game since, so we caught up with Quantic's founder, David Cage, at Paris Games Week for a quick progress update.
We've not heard too much about Beyond since its E3 reveal back in June. Is development going well? David Cage: Development is going very well. Indeed, it's nice to go to all these shows but we also have to make the game! We're advancing – we're now a few weeks off the alpha version. It's always a very critical moment in the development of a game since it's the first time all the game data is assembled in a complete version. This first version is often not very playable, but it's the first time you can see the “complete” game as a whole. After that we'll move onto the beta version, which is when the game really starts to look like the final version. Just how different is the gameplay and user interface from your last title, Heavy Rain? David Cage: The game is very different from Heavy Rain, probably much more than people can imagine. The first obvious difference is that there will be two characters to control: Jodie and this entity that is Aiden. We can do some really interesting things with Aiden: fly, walk through walls and interact with matter or characters in a rather peculiar way. What we showed at E3 was in fact a working version based on the same interface as Heavy Rain, but it is not the final interface of the game. The first elements of gameplay shown were focused on action. What else can we expect? David Cage: It's a balance that will be a little different from Heavy Rain, where we're really aiming for the atmosphere of a psychological thriller. Beyond, of course, will also have these components of emotion, depth of characters, strong moments, but there will also be a more epic, dramatic dimension. All this will be part of a story with a logical narrative following the philosophy that each scene must be unique and different. Take the forest scene for example. This is the only scene like this in the game. We will have more epic scenes and other action scenes, but they will be radically different and have nothing to do with each other in terms of environment and the type of action involved. Our goal is not to release a game that will just please the fans of Heavy Rain and that we could say, “Ah, yes, it's like Heavy Rain but a little better”. The idea is really to surprise players and show them that we can actually go much further with the concept of Heavy Rain.
Quantic Dream founder David Cage directs a motion-capture session for Beyond: Two Souls
Do any elements of Beyond: Two Souls echo your personal life? David Cage: Absolutely. It's a phenomenon that I've had with Heavy Rain when I became a father and I discovered the unique relationship one can have with their child. On Beyond, I'm drawing on another experience – one that's less pleasant – because I lost someone very close in my family. This is what started it all – the desire to imagine that there may be an “after”. Beyond is, of course, about death. But it is also about more positive things, like growth, change and learning to accept ourselves as we are. With Beyond, I really wanted to create a trip – something epic, emotional, and strong that the player will remember long after the end of the game.
Have you had much time to keep an eye on the competition? What games have you been playing recently? David Cage: I loved a game that has not been discussed much – Papo & Yo, a PSN game that costs about €15. For anyone who loved Heavy Rain and is seeking different games made by authors trying to express something that goes beyond bam-bam-boom-boom, it really is a game to try. I found it amazing, surprising and deeply moving. You can feel that there is a real author behind it – someone who has something to say. It is a game that really touched me. Have you ever considered tackling something like this – a smaller scale PSN title? David Cage: I have a huge problem. Every time I start writing… everything I do turns into an incredible historical epic. It depresses the team – they say they will finally be able to make an “easy” game and at the end they don't! I dream of being able to make a PSN game, but I couldn't do it even if I really want to.
The general sentiment? "It looks great, but..."
How will it fit into my workflow?
"I've tried [Wacom's capacitive] Bamboo stylus on my iPad and it was rubbish. This looks much better," says an illustrator working at architecture studio Foster + Partners, who asked not to be named due to the firm's work on Apple's new headquarters. "I can't see using it for sketching, though, because it's missing the software. The iPad versions of Adobe's Creative Suite aren't as good. ... I'd rather buy the [Wacom] Cintiq, and have full Photoshop with a sensitive pad."
It's a sentiment I've heard many times over in the wake of Apple's announcement. "It doesn't look to have many practical applications in terms of a professional design tool as it's not possible to use full Creative Suite and other industry-standard applications on a tablet device," says Mike Messina, senior UX/UI designer at [Engadget's parent company] AOL. Messina uses a Wacom professional tablet and stylus for their work in combination with Adobe apps like Illustrator and Photoshop. "I don't think [the Pencil] compares to traditional [graphics] tablets and is more of an expensive toy -- albeit a nice one."
Although Apple's dedicated developer community will undoubtedly create great apps that support the Pencil, the chances of these apps being useful for more than the average consumer are low. Many creative industries are entrenched in Adobe software, while other studios, such as Disney, have their own tools like Meander, the program that was used for the Oscar-winning short Paperman. Adobe's apps for iOS are useful for certain tasks, and they will sync through Creative Cloud to the regular desktop apps, making the iPad Pro a potentially useful companion device.
"Where I could see a big advantage is in this replacing my sketchbook," explains artist/illustrator Dennis de Groot. "I like to go around the city and have a coffee while sketching out new ideas. The hassle with that is that I'm always carrying a variety of pens, pencils, rulers, a sketchbook, a lightpad, etc. If it's as accurate as said, this could potentially replace that whole bag of tools for me."
What about the Surface?
There's a problem with a near-$1,000 companion devices, though, and it's called the Surface. Microsoft's tablet series has access to full desktop apps, meaning designers can pick up exactly where they left off on the go, in the apps they're already familiar with. Adobe is also making moves toward improving touch support in key apps like Photoshop for Windows, which should improve the experience significantly for those using tablets and convertibles with full apps.
"I've always been very fond of the Wacom Cintiq," explains de Groot, "What obviously sets Apple apart there is that the iPad Pro is a fully functioning device, so it'll be relatively easy to pack it up and take it anywhere along with the Pencil. On that same note, I'm not sure how it will compare to, for example, a Surface. Personally I find Apple's displays more comfortable to navigate, as they "feel" as if they have more precision, but I do think this is a matter of personal preference. In that sense I think they're kind of catching up with the other options on the market."
That said, Microsoft actually moved away from Wacom digitizers with the Surface Pro 3. The digitizer was the thing that made the original Surface Pro and Pro 2 so good for drawing, and with that gone, the stylus had to be active, introducing significant lag. I've spoken with a number of designers who tried the Pro 3, but quickly decided to stick with earlier versions for that reason. The decision was obviously well-thought-through by Microsoft: Lose a minority of creatives, and produce a thinner and cheaper tablet for everyone. Whether Microsoft will opt for a more sensitive digitizer in future Surfaces remains to be seen, but if it doesn't, moving away from the design community would represent a potential "in" for Apple. Unfortunately, the Pencil is also an active stylus, meaning there's going to be some lag. Apple claims this is down to a bare minimum, of course.
Is it quick enough to replace traditional drawing tools?
"I'll definitely try it, then compare it to the Surface Pro. It'll come down to how it draws and whether or not it incorporates into my workflow or not," says animator Jed Diffenderfer, who's worked on projects like Wreck-It Ralph for Disney. "Many stylus devices seem OK 'to a point,' but fall short after the prosumer drop off. We don't draw that tight or clean in [story]boarding, but we can get going fast, and most [styli] still don't keep up with how fast I could draw on paper with traditional tools."
Ryan McManus, design director at New York design agency Hard Candy Shell, has a similar view. "I've tried a few styli over the years, including a Wacom Bamboo pad for my Mac and stylus for my iPad. I bought both mostly for sketching out ideas, but the issue was they were never as fast or as readily available as a pen and paper."
"The main problem I have with styli is a combination of latency and inaccuracy within the compatible applications," De Groot adds. "The reason a device like [the Wacom Cintiq] works for me is because I'm able to use it in the same applications I do the majority of my work in, and it's as accurate as I'd work in them with any other tablet. As an illustrator, I look for tools that could possibly replace a pencil and paper, which of course is a tough challenge, so latency of any kind really defeats the purpose of using a stylus in my line of work."
It really depends, then. It's virtually impossible for an active stylus to be as quick as a digitizer-based system, and even that's not fast enough for some creatives. It could be "quick enough" for many, though, and the Pencil also makes the claim of accuracy down to the individual pixel. "I have seen amazing design work done with a stylus and screen, mostly in the automotive realm," explains McManus. If the Pencil proves a more accurate tool, even with lag, it could gain traction in fields that require technical drawing. That doesn't describe McManus, though, who says, "It's just really not that useful in my current workflow. I like pens, besides."
How will the additional features work?
Those unconvinced by top-of-the-range graphics tablets are unlikely to be won over by the Apple Pencil's response time, but there are some additional benefits here. Rather than simply offering palm rejection, the iPad Pro can detect both finger and Pencil input at the same time. That opens up some interesting possibilities. Diffenderfer says this tool could be "awesome," if used in the right way. Being able to rotate a virtual workspace rather than the tablet itself with the flick of a finger could seriously speed up an illustrator's workflow. "It can get pretty annoying constantly rotating a Cintiq. I miss doing this with story pads."
McManus notes its potential use for 3D work. "I could see manipulating an object in 3D space while carving with the stylus could be novel for modelmakers/3D artists." That adds problems of own, though. "If you're doing that, who's holding your iPad for you? ... Using two hands means you're relying on either friction or balance to keep the iPad in place."
So again, the usefulness of these additions is going to come down to software. The same is true with its tilt feature, which lets you change the type of stroke you're making by tilting the Pencil. For the record, tilt is used to great effect in FiftyThree's identically named Pencil stylus. ("[They] must be pissed," notes McManus.) FiftyThree's implementation works perfectly in its Paper app, but Apple's Pencil is supposed to be app-agnostic, and the tilt functionality will need to be implemented well throughout all the apps that support it.
I'll probably try it anyway
There are big questions looming over Apple's little Pencil, then. The answer to the lag issue will arrive as soon as the iPad Pro launches this November, but the more important worries, most notably application support and value, will take time. If iOS is going to be a tenable singular device for professional creatives, Adobe has to get on board. It has a huge part to play, as it has almost the entire industry at its whim. It can do something about this though. With the increased power of the iPad Pro, there's the potential for a full-featured, touch-enabled Photoshop and other Creative Suite apps to be ported over to iOS. Even if that's impossible, it's already laying the groundwork to stream Creative Suite apps to browsers. Why not use this in iOS as well? And if full, desktop-class apps are on iOS, then the value proposition changes entirely.
Despite the unknowns, the majority of creatives we spoke to really wanted to try the Pencil. Many use a Mac rather than a PC for their daily work, and words like "trust" and "quality" were common while describing Apple products. Only a couple say they're definitely going to buy them, but the company has the benefit of the doubt among the community, and people seem excited to give the Pencil a shot.
Do you eat well, exercise often, and still feel like you're not losing that stubborn weight? Truth is, eating well and exercising often is a very relative and general statement. If we're honest with ourselves, I'm sure we could admit that we're all capable of trying a little harder in both areas.
Total-body wellness is a lifestyle. Fat loss happens when you ditch the scale, find an activity you enjoy, and start to see food as fuel instead of something to feed your emotions or occupy your time.
No matter who you are or what your background is, chances are one of these 7 reasons could be why you're not shedding pounds.
HEALTH.COM: 11 Reasons Why You're Not Losing Belly Fat
You're eating wrong foods
If you're not losing weight, the first place you should be looking is the kitchen. Some people focus all their energy on burning off calories that they don't take the time to consider what they're putting in as fuel. Diet is at least 80% of the battle. While the exact foods you should be eating depend heavily on your body type, metabolism, and other factors, a good rule of thumb is to stick to all natural, whole foods.
Eat most of your starchy carbohydrates (like potatoes, brown rice, grains) on days when you do strength training or more rigorous exercise. On your rest days or when you're doing light cardio, try to stick to just protein and veggies and not a lot of those starchy foods. Avoid excess bread, sugar, and anything else that's processed. Look for foods that have the fewest ingredients on the label—if you can't pronounce it, it's probably not something you want to be putting in your body.
7 Foods That Taste Better Now Than They Will All Year Getty Images Getty Images Getty Images Getty Images 1 of 7 Advertisement
You're eating too much
If you've already cleaned up your diet big time and you're still not losing weight, it may be that you're simply eating too much. In order to shed pounds your body needs to run a calorie deficit, meaning you need to burn more than you consume. That being said, you shouldn't have to deprive yourself either. Life is about balance. Don't become consumed with counting calories or weighing yourself every day.
Eat whenever you're hungry and eat slowly enough so you can stop just before you get full. Healthy snacking during the day will keep you from overeating during meals. I always carry a few Kind Bars in my bag, because they're a great snack made with whole foods, and have nothing artificial. And don't be afraid to give yourself ‘healthy' cheats, like a few chocolate-covered strawberries or coconut chia seed pudding. The moment you start depriving yourself is when you start to feel like you're missing out on something and you want to binge.
HEALTH.COM: 10 Mistakes That Make Cravings Worse
You're doing too much cardio
Yes, cardio is a necessary part of your workout routine. It keeps your heart healthy, boosts your metabolism, and gives you a good sweat (you should break one daily). However, only doing cardio—or doing too much of it—can actually add to the problem. Longer cardio sessions like staying on the elliptical for 90 minutes or going for regular 10-mile runs can eat away at your lean muscle mass, which is essential for increasing your metabolism to burn more calories.
It causes the body to become more endurance-focused, storing energy as fat to ensure it has plenty of reserve fuel to keep you going for all those miles. Not to mention it dramatically increases your appetite, making you more susceptible to unnecessary snacking or overeating.
You're not lifting weights
This one goes hand in hand with #3. I'm not saying you can't or shouldn't do cardio. If you love to run or bike for reasons other than losing weight, then by all means don't stop. But if your primary goal is fat loss, there are other forms of exercise that give a much better bang for your buck. The best way to lose weight and build lean muscle by doing some form of strength training in addition to your cardio. The more muscle tone your body has, the more fat you'll burn.
If you're not ready to give up your cardio routine just yet, try adding some interval training by performing short bursts of all-out effort mixed into your regular session. These workouts are much more effective at promoting hormones that target stubborn fat. Then, start adding some resistance training to your routine. Body weight exercises like push-ups, squats, and lunges are a great place to start to help build up to lifting actual weights.
HEALTH.COM: 10 Exercise Cheats You've Got to Stop Doing
You're not working hard enough
There's no exact equation to working out and eating healthy—it's a matter of trial and error, finding out what works specifically for your body. And more time spent in the gym doesn't always equal a more fit person. Unless you're an athlete, body builder, or a marathoner-in-training, the average person shouldn't be working out more than an hour a day.
Your workouts should be intensity-dependent, not time dependent. Keep this fact in mind: the harder you work, the shorter your workout time may need to be. That's why it's so important to maximize your time spent in the gym or fitness class so you can achieve that coveted ‘afterburn' effect which keeps your metabolism revved for 24-48 hours afterward.
You're not taking time to recover
When you do achieve that afterburn and you're really feeling your workout the next day, those are the days to focus on different muscle groups. Or, if you prefer to work out your whole body, establish a workout routine where you work your entire body one day and then take the next day to do light cardio, stretching, or complete rest.
Recovery and rest are often more important than the workout itself. It's during those periods that your body does most of the actual fat burning. So give yourself that time to fully recover so you're ready to work hard the following day. Most importantly, listen to your body. Push yourself, but also give it some love, too.
HEALTH.COM: 27 Mistakes Healthy People Make
Your body is under too much stress
Exercise is a stressor on your body. When you have a healthy balance of exercise-related stress and recovery time, your body is healthy and can lose its excess fat. However, not giving your body enough time to recover can also be a negative (see above) as you'll start to produce an excessive amount of cortisol, a stress hormone. Cortisol is both normal and important when working out, it's involved in processes that give your muscles the energy needed to get moving.
However, when your body is exposed to cortisol for longer periods of time, it starts to cause negative effects, like stubborn fat in areas you don't want. Exercise isn't the only stressor that can produce excess cortisol. A stressful personal or professional life can also make your body produce too much of this hormone. When you stop exercising, your body stops producing cortisol; however, it may not be quite as easy to turn off the mental stressors going on in your life. Make sure you're keeping your mental and emotional health in check in addition to your physical health. You should strive for total-body wellness.
HEALTH.COM: 13 Ways to Relieve Stress Instantly
This article originally appeared on Health.com.
Read next: 5 Workout Moves That Will Change Your Body
See the 10 Healthiest Cities to Live in America Colin Anderson—Blend Images/Corbis Getty Images Matt Hogan/www.mphoganphoto.com Jim Wilson—The New York Times/Redux Getty Images Celin Serbo—Aurora Photos/Corbis Misty Keasler—Redux for TIME Getty Images K.C. Cohen—Courtesy of Boston Children's Hospital Getty Images 1 of 10 Advertisement
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Those who gave the Statue of Liberty to America in 1886 "to commemorate the perseverance of freedom and democracy in the United States" are willingly trampling their own people's liberties today through courts of appointed, unelected, unaccountable ideologues. The danger is that, with the help of many doubtless well-intentioned, international NGOs, the EU will not stop at its shores.
The vast majority of these European courts -- whether the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) or the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) -- in their attempt to be moral and just, have dismissed the sovereign laws of Italy as irrelevant, and trampled the rights of the Italian state and ordinary Italians to approve who enters their country.
Europe is the worst enemy of the US? You cannot be serious. Islamism, Russia, illegal immigrants... whatever, but surely not Europe! Are we not still together in NATO? Do we not conduct huge amounts of trade every day? Do we not share the same cultural roots, the same civilization, the same vision of the future? Did France not give the US their famous Statue of Liberty – "Liberty Enlightening the World?"
Not anymore. In a sense, Europe looks like a continent where American Democrats have been in power for 30 years, not only in the European states, but also at the level of the European Union.
In the US, the political spectrum still spans a vast range of views between Democrats and Republicans, globalists and nationalists, pro-lifers and pro-choicers, pro-government control and pro-individuals' control, and pro-whatever. Even today with a president and a Supreme Court clearly on the political "Right" these divisions, and the all-important separation of powers, allow for and encourage vigorous debate. By contrast, in Europe, at the "official" level, such a spectrum of views no longer exists.
In Western Europe, politically speaking, in the press and in universities, either you are on the "Left," or you are a pariah. If you are a pariah, you are most likely to be prosecuted for "Islamophobia", "racism", discrimination or some other "trumped up" charge.
There are several reasons for this imbalance. One is the difference in political maturity between Europeans and Americans. Whereas "ordinary" American voters (not just the "elites") understand that their Supreme Court is key to ensuring that fundamental constitutional freedoms are maintained for all, the Europeans have done the opposite. In the US, the constitutional right to "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" is derived from the people -- "from the consent of the governed."
Consequently, when Justice Antonin Scalia of the US Supreme Court died, the US press wrote about them for weeks. "Ordinary citizens" in the US are deeply aware of judicial roles and their effect on judgements and legal precedents.
By contrast, in Europe, we now have two Supreme Courts: the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in Strasbourg, and the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in Luxembourg, in addition to national courts. There is, however, not one citizen in a million who can name a single judge of either the ECHR or the CJEU. The reason is that the nomination of those judges is mostly opaque, purely governmental and, in the instance of the ECHR, with no public debate. With the CJEU, appointments are also essentially governmental, with the sanction of the European Parliament, which is ideologically dominated by the Left.
In Europe, there are now two Supreme Courts: the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in Strasbourg, and the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in Luxembourg (pictured above), in addition to national courts. (Image source: Transparency International/Flickr)
The US has always welcomed immigrants, most of whom came to their shores via Ellis Island and went through a legal process for entry, led by the light of the torch of Lady Liberty. In recent years, especially since the advent of increased terrorism, the subject of illegal immigrants, migrant workers and the vetting of immigrants has become hotly debated.
By contrast, in Europe, the topic of "illegal" migrants is effectively forbidden. The continent has recently been invaded by millions of migrants -- many apparently arriving under the false pretense of being refugees, even according to the United Nations.
One of the reasons is the open-door policy of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who allowed over a million mostly Muslim migrants to enter Germany, not only without extreme vetting, but with no vetting at all.
There is, however, another, more structural cause for the current situation. In 2012, the ECHR enacted the so-called "HIRSI" ruling, named after the court case of Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, which states that the European states have the legal obligation to rescue migrants wherever they find them in the Mediterranean Sea -- even just 200 meters away from the Libyan coast -- and ferry them to the European shores, so that these people can claim the status of refugee.
When the Italian Navy intercepted illegal migrants in the Mediterranean Sea and sent them back to their point of origin, Libya, not only did the ECHR condemn Italy for this "obvious" breach of human rights; the Italians had to pay 15,000 euros ($17,000 USD) to each of these illegal migrants in the name of "moral damage". This kind of money is equivalent to more than 10 years of income in Somalia and Eritrea (the countries of origin of Mr. Hirsi Jamaa and their companions). In 2016, Somalia's GDP per capita was an estimated $400 USD; Eritrea's $1,300.
Everyone, of course, heard about the HIRSI ruling. In Africa, especially, many understood that if they could reach the Mediterranean, Europe's navies would now be obliged to ferry them directly to Europe. Before the HIRSI ruling, when people tried to reach the shores of Europe, hundreds every year tragically died at sea. After HIRSI, the objective is now simply to be intercepted. Consequently, hundreds of thousands attempt this journey -- often with the help of non-governmental organizations (NGOs) such as Médecins Sans Frontières, whose activists wait for boats to appear at sea, just off the Libyan coast. We therefore presently have 5,000 unintercepted people dying at sea every year.
While Italy is "drowning" in refugees, Austria has deployed armored vehicles close to its border with Italy, to stop more migrants from coming north.
The vast majority of these European courts -- whether the ECHR or the CJEU -- in their attempt to be moral and just, have dismissed the sovereign laws of Italy as irrelevant, and trampled the rights of the Italian state and ordinary Italians to approve who enters their country.
Americans would do well to read the HIRSI decision; it is rather short and a perfect summary of current European jurisprudence. They will find that the ECHR does not hesitate to accept NGOs as an authoritative part of the process; the ECHR even quotes their statements as if fact or law. In Europe, Amnesty International and the like are, it appears, a new source of law.
The European people, of course, still share the common values of Western civilization. The "Visegrad Group" of countries in Central Europe, for instance -- the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia -- do not accept the German diktat to relocate Muslim refugees. Parts of Western Europe, such as the northern Flemish-speaking part of Belgium, are also pretty tired of the whole European mess, and Merkel will not embody the leadership of Germany forever.
Americans, therefore, would do well to understand that for the time being the "Cultural Left" is so deeply entrenched in Western Europe and the EU, that their worst ideological enemy is not the Middle East or Russia: it is Europe.
Those who gave the Statue of Liberty to America in 1886 "to commemorate the perseverance of freedom and democracy in the United States" are willingly trampling their own people's liberties today through courts of appointed, unelected, unaccountable ideologues. The danger is, with the help of many, doubtless well-intentioned, international NGOs, the EU will not stop at its shores.
itle="ssi" link="/image/ssi" nid="816181" preset="medium" teaser="1" type="node
An anti-nuclear weapons campaign group accepted the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize during the elaborate awards ceremony on Sunday in Oslo. The Norwegian Nobel Committee had picked the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) for its work on addressing the gap in international law regarding the restriction of nuclear weapons.
In their acceptance speech, Beatrice Fihn, executive director of ICAN, warned that humankind's total destruction at the hands of nuclear weapons was just one "impulsive tantrum away."
"Will it be the end of nuclear weapons, or will it be the end of us?" Fihn asked, referring to the ongoing exchange of threats between United States President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
"The only rational course of action is to cease living under the conditions where our mutual destruction is only one impulsive tantrum away," they added.
"A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities."
Fihn described nuclear weapons as a "madman's gun held permanently to our temple."
Watch video 12:02 Share 'A world without nuclear weapons is not a dream' Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2lpu8 'A world without nuclear weapons is not a dream'
Hiroshima survivor at ceremony
ICAN, which comprises of a coalition of 468 non-governmental organizations from 101 different countries, has its headquarters in Geneva.
Fihn was accompanied at the ceremony in Oslo City Hall by Setsuko Thurlow of Japan — a survivor of the 1945 atomic bombing of Hiroshima. Thurlow was 13 at the time of the bombing and has campaigned on behalf of ICAN.
Thurlow described the "procession of ghosts" they witnessed on the morning of August 6, 1945.
"The hair was standing up and they were all burned on the skin and their flesh was hanging from their bones," they said.
"Some were carrying their eyeballs. It just was like hell on earth," added the 85-year-old, who now lives in Canada.
Award ceremony in Stockholm
Meanwhile, the recipients of the Nobel Prizes for medicine, physics, chemistry, literature and economics received their awards in Stockholm.
Americans Rainer Weiss, Barry C. Barish and Kip S. Thorne received the Nobel Prize for Physics for the first direct observation of universal gravitational waves while the award for Chemistry was given to Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank, and Briton Richard Henderson for discoveries in cryo-electron microscopy that provide detailed imagery of biomolecules invisible to the human eye.
American scientists Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young received the Nobel Prize in Medicine for their research into how the internal biological clocks of organisms align themselves with natural cycles of night and day.
Richard H. Thaler of the US was recognized with the Nobel Prize in Economics for their work in behavioral economics focused on "understanding the psychology of economics," while Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro, best known for their Booker Prize-winning novel "The Remains of the Day," received the Nobel Prize for Literature for works that uncover "the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world."
The event was attended by Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and their family.
ss,es/rc (AP/AFP,epd)
Director Roland Emmerich once blew up the White House with a giant alien spaceship. In retrospect this was one of their subtler moments. Stonewall, an outrageously misjudged drama that flirts with the story of the birth of the gay rights movement, is much more grandiose.
Jeremy Irvine stars as Danny, a clean cut farm kid living in the 1960s Indiana. He's young and guileless, desperately in love with their football team-mate. When their relationship is discovered Danny is exiled by their schoolmates and evicted by their parents. They strike out for New York and a theme park vision of the gay hangouts on Greenwich Village's Christopher Street, where a kid called Ray (Jonny Beauchamp) co-opts them into their gang of hustlers. Each has a little quirk that passes for character development. Orphan Annie (Caleb Landry Jones) has a beatnik thing going on, Cong (Vladimir Alexis) robs and make their own clothes, Quiet Paul (Ben Sullivan) doesn't say much. They are, to a man, cinematically freaky and fabulous.
The gang gravitate around The Stonewall Inn, a mob-owned bar that was regularly raided by the police. In June 1969 one such raid sparked riots by the patrons that lasted several days. The uprising would lead to the spread of an organised gay rights movement and the first Pride marches. None of that seems to matter much in the film. The riots are squashed into one violent clash, sparking so late in the film that you forget that's why we're here.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch the Stonewall trailer
Stonewall has been billed as the story of a young gay man's political awakening, but Danny - the sweet-natured wally - takes an age to stir himself. Along their path to revolution he's beaten by the police, forced to turn tricks for money, lost in love (in the form of a Mattachine Society campaigner played by Jonathan Rhys Meyers) and pulled sharply out of it again before they even consider their civil rights. Ray, given some grace by Beaucoup, despite the character's hysteria, races around them screaming about the need to respect their adopted family. The riots are tucked away in the last 20 minutes, delivered almost as an after-thought to Danny's character development.
A cluster of subplots – police corruption, Ray's love for Danny, Danny's grief over losing their first fling – crowd for attention. The pop culture references (Danny's sister's Andy Warhol obsession, Ray's – inevitable – Judy Garland fixation) are broad and obstructive too. Sex, when it pops up, is given to us brief and coy. The men talk about it lots, but do it rarely. If it's shown it's in the shadows and quickly turned away from. This is not a film for shyness: for once, physically intimacy is key to plot. There's not enough of it and the struggle is therefore undermined.
It's still difficult for gay cinema to pass into the mainstream. Emmerich, who put their own money into making the film, should be cheered for giving it a shot. Unfortunately the compromises he's made leave Stonewall feeling neutered. A member of the Mattachine Society makes a speech about how gay men should assimilate. “Wearing a suit and tie will make them realise they're just like you,” they say. Stonewall tries the same trick. By trying to disguise itself as a coming-of-age romance, it hides the real story underneath.
Community Rating:
Community Rating: 3.890 / 5 ( 86 votes ) Click here to view ratings and comments. Oracle Printed Card Name: Hidden Strings Mana Cost: Converted Mana Cost: 2 Types: Sorcery Card Text: You may tap or untap target permanent, then you may tap or untap another target permanent. Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.) Watermark: Dimir Expansion: Dragon's Maze Rarity: Common Card Number: 12 Artist: Daarken Rulings The spell with cipher is encoded on the creature as part of that spell's resolution, just after the spell's other effects. That card goes directly from the stack to exile. It never goes to the graveyard. You choose the creature as the spell resolves. The cipher ability doesn't target that creature, although the spell with cipher may target that creature (or a different creature) because of its other abilities. If the spell with cipher doesn't resolve, none of its effects will happen, including cipher. The card will go to its owner's graveyard and won't be encoded on a creature. If the creature leaves the battlefield, the exiled card will no longer be encoded on any creature. It will stay exiled. If you want to encode the card with cipher onto a noncreature permanent such as a Keyrune that can turn into a creature, that permanent has to be a creature before the spell with cipher starts resolving. You can choose only a creature to encode the card onto. The copy of the card with cipher is created in and cast from exile. You cast the copy of the card with cipher during the resolution of the triggered ability. Ignore timing restrictions based on the card's type. If you choose not to cast the copy, or you can't cast it (perhaps because there are no legal targets available), the copy will cease to exist the next time state-based actions are performed. You won't get a chance to cast the copy at a later time. The exiled card with cipher grants a triggered ability to the creature it's encoded on. If that creature loses that ability and subsequently deals combat damage to a player, the triggered ability won't trigger. However, the exiled card will continue to be encoded on that creature. If another player gains control of the creature, that player will control the triggered ability. That player will create a copy of the encoded card and may cast it. If a creature with an encoded card deals combat damage to more than one player simultaneously (perhaps because some of the combat damage was redirected), the triggered ability will trigger once for each player it deals combat damage to. Each ability will create a copy of the exiled card and allow you to cast it.
“Begin when ready” for “Begin when you are ready” is an example of ellipsis.
Recent Examples on the Web
Also, black is the color of the screen between the chapters of a story that takes bold narrative leaps off-screen; the impact of these ellipses is stunning. Joe Morgenstern, WSJ, "‘Cold War' Review: Love Under Siege," 20 Dec. 2018
Wielding mostly 16-millimeter film, the director of photography, Ryan Kernaghan, mimics the home movies of the time with flickering ellipses and flares of dazzling, burned-out white. Martin Brennan, New York Times, "Review: Sinfulness and Scares Behind ‘The Devil's Doorway'," 12 July 2018
The ungrammatical use of ellipses to convey a pause or . . . Lynda Robinson, Washington Post, "‘Piercingly funny': Tom Wolfe's years as a Washington Post reporter," 15 May 2018
Their hero, mentor and friend was the late Chronicle columnist Herb Caen, who printed many of Bellingham's observations and witticism over the years and whose style clearly influenced Bellingham, down to the use of the ellipsis — or three dots. Steve Rubenstein, San Francisco Chronicle, "Memorial set for Bruce Bellingham, newspaper columnist, master of the one-liner," 13 June 2018
Have there ever been ellipses more fraught with tension in the history of punctuation? Chelsea Peng, Marie Claire, "Iggy Azalea Writes a Treatise on the Britney Spears Affair," 1 July 2015
Wolfe seemed to find the effect singularly entertaining, telling the story with a glimmer in their eye and a smile on their lips that seemed the in-person equivalent of their trademark dashes, exclamation points, and ellipses. Corey Seymour, Vogue, "For Tom Wolfe, Affectation Was Armor," 15 May 2018
Leave it to the erudite Pau Gasol to place an exclamation point between the ellipses. K.c. Johnson, chicagotribune.com, "Pau Gasol bolsters Becky Hammon's NBA coaching candidacy with eloquent essay," 11 May 2018
To do so, open Edge, and from the ellipsis (three-dot) menu in the upper right, select New Application Guard window. Mark Hachman, PCWorld, "How Microsoft Edge's hidden WDAG browser lets you surf the web securely," 8 May 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'ellipsis.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
A special guest post by Blaire Moskowitz.
Have you seen more people than usual staring at their phones in your museum?
That is because “Pokémon GO” was released this weekend. It quickly claimed the number one place in the app store and will soon surpass Twitter in daily active users by capturing the attention of two coveted demographics – children with cellphones and millennials craving 90s nostalgia.
Pokémon GO's tagline has remained the same as the prior Game Boy iterations. You still want to “catch ‘em all”, only this time it's not limited to the virtual world inside the Game Boy.
It is the right time and place for this game: advancements in geolocation (which people increasingly find commonplace) and mobile phones (already in our pockets, no bulky awkward GoogleGlass this time!) mean Pokémon live in our world through augmented reality. With a GPS overlay, the app knows where you are as you walk around real streets and will buzz when you get near a Pokémon.
Historical Markers as PokéStops
This is where museums come in – the virtual monsters are in public places, as detailed in Pokémon's March press release, which explains,
“Explore cities and towns around where you live and even around the globe to capture as many Pokémon as you can…. Also look for PokéStops located at interesting places, such as public art installations, historical markers, and monuments, where you can collect more Poké Balls and other items.”
To determine the location of the Pokémon, the PokeStops, and PokeGyms, it appears that Pokémon GO is running from two databases. The first would be the database of locations they used for Ingress, Niantic's last game, which was conceptually similar. The second is the Historical Marker database, which keeps track of local points of interest in the United States. On the plus side, this is how most towns have Pokestops. But on the negative side, some of the historical markers were put into the Ingress databases years ago, and the sites may no longer be public.
“Catching” Millennials
Our museums, similarly, want to “catch” these difficult to reach children and millennials and attract them to the museum. We've seen previous attempts to attract these groups with varying success – how many children's' activity days, young member parties, and hands-on scavenger hunts have you seen?
We recruit participants for teen and young adult councils, organize internal task forces for brainstorming sessions, hire external consultants, and conduct focus groups, all to determine the best way to grab the attention of these demographics. Museums repeatedly make claims that we are competing with Netflix and YouTube and a host of other entertainment, so when new visitors spend a weekend walking through our doors to play a game we didn't devise, how can we capitalize on that?
Yes, you read that right: there are visitors who have walked in our doors this weekend, just to find Pokémon!
Searching “PokémonGO” and “Museum” on Twitter has dozens of people posting about visiting a local museum, often for the first time. Most of these people have even entered the museum and walked around the exhibitions. In large museums, Pokémon will “live” in one wing, so players are on the lookout for each other to provide helpful hints (There are multiple stories online today about people becoming real life friends through Pokémon quests. Sherry Turkle, what do you have to say to that?).
But, there are also museums where people are just sitting in the parking lot and not venturing inside. At one small museum, nine people were observed sitting in the parking lot playing Pokémon GO, none of whom entered the museum. And by sheer irony, this institution's curatorial theme is fairly “nerdy”, which would likely interest the people playing the game.
Is Your Museum Up to the Challenge?
It might be a challenge to pull these people away from their game, but if we museum professionals want to do community outreach, figure out what interests non-visitors, and then engage them in the world's greatest treasures, we need to figure out how, quickly.
Some museums have advertised on Twitter and Facebook that there are Pokémon onsite. Others have mentioned that visitors can have Pokémon battles with the staff. Crystal Bridges has blogged about Pokémon GO, posting images of their Pokémon next to art work (Pikachu is appropriately next to a Dan Flavin). And outside of the museum-world, commercial spaces are also capitalizing on these new visitors, from indie clothing shops inviting people to catch Pokémon and browse their goods to multiple NBA teams depicting Pokémon playing with team members (which reminds me of SpaceJam).
An example of a non-museum person using a cultural site in a brilliant way was the Facebook event to walk together through the Sydney Royal Botanic Gardens (near the Opera House), which attracted one thousand people and inspired the hashtag #PokeGoWalk. Imagine if the Gardens had officially hosted the event. What can the value-add be if the event was institutionally hosted? Could distributing discount admission tickets to a future visit increase repeat visitation? Advertise classes? Encourage visitors to download the museum's app?
Use “Lures” to Invite Players Inside
One opportunity within the app is an in-game purchase called “Lure” to get Pokémon (and in turn visitors) to arrive onsite for 30 minute intervals. This seems to be the only way to make your museum a destination, however limiting, since one can not request that a specific site becomes a Pokestop or PokeGym. Therefore, if your site is already a Pokestop, you're in luck; if its not a Pokestop, you can't drop a Lure. Between providing free wifi (just wait until the players get their cellphone bills this month!) and Lures, visitors really are attracted to these sites. Wait there for a few minutes with the app on, and your phone will buzz that a Pokémon has arrived.
So how does one get a Lure? Buy one for 100 coins or 8 Lures for 680 coins (100 coins cost $.99, 550 coins for $4.99, etc). They can be purchased and designated to a site by anyone (institution or player) that wants the Pokémon to come to them.
Then, the Lure will appear in your location on the GPS map, as a pink hotspot. As you can see in the image below, my avatar is standing at a Pokestop that has a Lure (the pink petals). The blue hotspots are Pokestops (which turn pink when you “touch” them) and there is a PokeGym at the crossroad of Times Square, NYC.
CEO John Hanke is already planning upgrades, including customizable functions for Pokestops and PokeGyms, including the possibility of sponsored locations, although no timetable has been set.
We might not have built this app, but the people have come.
“Gotta Visit ‘Em All – PokemonGo in Museums” by Blaire Moskowitz was originally published on Blaire's blog on July 11, 2016. Blaire Moskowitz is a PhD student at the University of Leicester via distance learning, where their research focuses on how museums use the internet to gather information. Concurrently, they work in the marketing department of the world's largest supplier of museum apps and audio tours. Thank you to Blaire for giving us permission to re-post their awesome article!
Are you using Pokémon GO to engage your visitors at your museum? We want to hear from you! Email us.
Share this article... your friends will love it too ❤️
Vitthal Chavan has spent the last two months waiting for a call. On February 28, they went to the NAFED centre in Osmanabad's Kalamb taluka to register their nine quintals of tur – so that the government would then purchase it from him. But the official only wrote their name and number in a notebook and told him, “You will get a call.”
“I have called them every alternate day, visited the centre 4-5 times since February 28,” they say, sitting across the official's table at the centre on a steaming morning in early May. Vitthal has a nine-acre farm in Pangaon, and has once again travelled 25 kilometres to reach Kalamb only to ask if their tur (pigeon pea, a lentil) will be procured. Several other farmers with similar problems look on. “They kept saying the storage is full or enough gunny bags were not available. Now the deadline is gone and I do not have any evidence of my registration.”
Because of a bumper crop of tur last year, around mid-December 2016 the Maharashtra government set up National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India (NAFED) centres in various districts and talukas to ensure that the traders who purchase produce from farmers do not rob them by negotiating throwaway prices for the abundant dal.
Farmers wait outside the NAFED centre in Kalamb: hoping the government keeps its promise of buying every bit of tur
But the NAFED centres were grossly unprepared. The official at the Kalamb centre does not deny this.  They are engaged in a discussion with S.C. Chavan, secretary of the Agriculture Produce Market Committee in Kalamb. “We are preparing a report and sending it to the government,” says Chavan. “There are several farmers who had brought their tur before the deadline, but we could not accept it because of certain problems. The government will respond and we will act accordingly.”
Last year, after several years, farmers in Marathwada moved away from the water guzzling sugarcane and instead sowed tur, a traditional food crop. They shifted because drought was much more acute in 2016 than in previous years. And they got a bumper crop – 20 lakh metric tonnes (across the state), says Subhash Deshmukh, compared to 4.4 lakh metric tonnes in 2015.
The shift away from sugarcane to a sustainable food crop could have, over time, helped conserve water. However, the government's handling of the crop is likely to make tur unattractive in the market for at least a year.
The wholesale market price for tur in Maharashtra was around Rs. 10,000 quintal in 2014-15, which dropped in anticipation of a good crop. To the government's credit, had it not initiated the NAFED centres and fixed the minimum support price [MSP, decided by the state to support farmers] at Rs. 5,050, the market cost would have plummeted below Rs. 3,000 per quintal following the bumper crop.
But oddly, even when the impending quantity of production had become clear, the Indian government imported 57 lakh tonnes of tur from other countries at Rs. 10,114 rupees per quintal – as it does every year in varying quantities.
But the official production figure of 20 lakh metric tonnes is conservative. Tur is often sowed as an interior crop – within two strands of sugarcane or other crops. It does not require much water, is harvested in about four months and is regarded as a bit of a bonus. Which is why many farmers only mention the main crop on their land documents. For the number of hectares under tur, the government only calculates the production of farmers who have stated tur on their papers. Reports indicate at least three times of what is registered this year is still languishing with farmers.
Watch video: Meghnath Shelke says they might soon have to sell their tur for any price that is offered
Meghnath Shelke, 58, a farmer from Dhanora village in Osmanabad, failed to get their six quintals of tur registered in spite of visiting the NAFED centre several times. “Once they sent me back because they did not have a weighing machine, then they said if I leave my stock here, it could be stolen and the centre would not be responsible for it,” they say, and points to six gunny bags of tur piled up in a tiny room of their house. “For almost a month, the centre was shut. It never remained consistently open.”
Besides tur, Shelke cultivates soybean and cotton on their eight acres. Every time they were sent back, they had to come home 10 kilometres from the NAFED centre carrying the six quintals. “I have spent hundreds of rupees merely on the commute [by tempo],” they say. “The government had promised to buy every bit of tur. If the state does not live up to its promise, it will be a severe setback for us as we have to invest in preparations for the kharif season.”
Vitthal Chavan, a farmer from Pangaon: still waiting for a call from the NAFED centre
Vitthal, in the meantime, has given up and decided to head back to Pangaon in the afternoon. “If the cropping season fails, we die. If it is a resounding success, we still die,” they say. Already in debt and with a cropping season looming ahead, the timing of the tur crisis has been especially hard on the farmers of Maharashtra.
And after spending almost half a day at the NAFED centre, Vitthal still does not know if their tur will be accepted. As they leaf, they ask again when they should follow up. “You will get a call,” they tell him.
Postscript: At the time of publication, the government of Maharashtra has extended the deadline to May 31. That does not reverse the harassment the farmers have already gone through, nor does it assure a resolution to their problem in any lasting way.
The NAFED centre in Kalamb, Vitthal Chavan says, is now shut and their tur isn't being procured. When Chavan again phoned the official, they didn't get any specific answer.
Photos: Parth M.N.
There have been a number of redevelopment policies initiated for the improvement in the living conditions of the people which all failed to get implemented due to the various differences among the inhabitants of Dharavi and the political will. In 2004, the Maharashtra state government accepted a $3-billion proposal submitted by Mr. Mukesh Mehta for the redevelopment of Dharavi.
The story of human settlements of this kind of organic development is generally very interesting as it's the outcome of the fight against survival in this accelerated phase of urbanisation. There have been various reforms, policies and acts to address this urban issue but they all generally deals with the removal of them which isn't just a process of giving branded clothes to the poor, but a process in the shift in culture, economy and social behaviour. Mumbai was the one of first city to get its municipal corporation in India in the 1890's. It has been more than a century now and the problem doesn't seem better. It may be the negative attitude of the authority and the planners to wake up when the issue becomes far more difficult to curb.
There are two aspects of the slum formation and its redevelopment. There is yet a long journey to be made in the process of urbanization especially by the developing nations (Central Republic of Africa has only around 5% of its population living in urban centres). Now, firstly, there will be a lot more cities to be developed in the coming decades and if they aren't planned learning from the earlier mistakes – there will be a situation when the developing world will found itself engaged in curbing the urban issues and problems rather than focusing on the national/state development. Therefore, it's pretty important to focus on unwelcoming any slum situation in the cities which are under the pipeline of development – and it could be managed at the planning level if its scope of study is widened among different disciplines. Secondly, the redevelopment kind of things also leaves a bad impression on the minds of future migrants and they also focus to grab a piece of land in less-serviced areas may be with an illegal possession because they have been guided by the previous cases of redevelopment processes after a period of time following the existence of these areas.
In a period where concerns for social equity is far more discussed, the authorities and the other departments would have to focus on city planning based on their structural and transitional behaviour, human behaviour and their basic living values and most importantly, the predictions are to be made looking in the wider aspects. The possibilities of rising slums should be foreseen at the time of initialising the master planning in a specific area – we may only redevelop those which are built with so much of human effort, but we have to curb the frequency of slum occurrence to build a sustainable future of the human settlements.
Fabrication sewing specialist Maria Sanchez assembles a night compression garment at the West Allis manufacturing center of Solaris Inc., which started in 1998. The company's compression garments are for people with swelling caused by lymphatic problems. Credit: Kristyna Wentz-Graff
SHARE Click to enlarge
By of the
It's the warm and fuzzy side of our frigid start-up climate.
In steady-as-she-goes Wisconsin, new businesses are notoriously few. That's the bad news. But the ones that do get launched tend to stay launched — more so than in all but a handful of states.
Recently released state profiles from the U.S. Small Business Administration show the pattern.
Of business establishments opened in Wisconsin in 2002, the SBA reported, 41% were still open 10 years later. That was the highest rate in the Midwest. It was also 6.5 percentage points above the U.S. average, and 10 or more points above such states as New Mexico, New Jersey and Florida.
That characteristic, both economists and businesspeople agreed, reflects the same cautious approach to risk-taking that makes Wisconsin a start-up laggard.
"It's definitely a good thing that our businesses survive, said Dale Knapp, research director at the Wisconsin Taxpayers Alliance and a longtime observer of the state's economy. "But I think the negative to that, and it's not in the survival rate, it's in the business formation aspect of it. We don't start up enough businesses."
Randy Roeder has some geographic perspective on that. Working as an environmental engineer in Los Angeles, they saw lots of businesses launched.
"That's ... a much more entrepreneurial environment, where everybody's got ideas about doing stuff, and they're probably more willing to take risks," they said.
But Roeder also believes that Wisconsin, where in 2001 they formed Material Recovery Inc., a plastics recycler that since has grown to employ 32 people and is shooting for $3.5 million in sales this year, has its advantages.
"When people decide to start a business around here," they said, "I think it's probably more well thought out."
Risk avoidance
Adam Murphy started Big Bang LLC in 2003. The firm sells software worldwide that lets organizations with a hundred or more computers update versions of the Windows operating system.
With 11 employees and more than $2 million in annual sales, Big Bang has done well enough, but the company's name belies its slow growth — a path Murphy has deliberately chosen and which they believe is characteristic of Wisconsin's businesspeople and lenders.
"We're a bit more conservative," they said. "I don't take incredible risks; my banker doesn't encourage me to take incredible risks."
Russell Kashian, an economics professor at the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater and an economic development specialist, said the state's relatively high business survival rate could reflect a more cautious approach to launching businesses in the first place.
"We probably are culturally more conservative, in an economic sense," they said. "We had fewer bank failures during the savings and loan crisis, we had fewer bank failures during the recent financial crisis, and our foreclosure rates were actually less than the nation's, because we just have a conservative population that aren't risk takers."
Knapp said much the same thing.
"Maybe it's just that we're going to do safer businesses, and so we don't start many, but the ones that we start tend to be safer and so they do last longer," they said. "The other thing that could be playing into this — and we've heard ... from businesspeople about this — they view the banks here and the lenders as very conservative, in fact they would say overly conservative."
The absence of a roll-the-dice, risk-taking mentality hurts Wisconsin when it comes to tech start-ups, Kashian said.
Plus, we're homebodies. About 72% of Wisconsinites are natives, one of the highest rates in the country, Census Bureau data show. That doesn't engender entrepreneurship.
"There's a certain risk-taking behavior of the guy who basically gets in their Ford Focus and drives to Colorado," Kashian said. "And if what we do basically is everyone says I want to have chicken and rice at mom's house on Sunday, you can tell that cohort is probably not going to start their own business."
The same SBA state profiles that show Wisconsin's relatively high business-survival rate also show the number of business establishments opened in 2002, 2007 and 2010.
And measured by population, Wisconsin's rate of business-establishment openings ranks near the bottom in all three years.
An "establishment" is typically a single location of a company, and some companies have many establishments. A fast-food franchisee, for example, may operate several restaurants.
Most firms, though, have only one location, and there is substantial overlap between the opening of new business establishments and start-ups generally.
Strong support system
Solaris Inc., a growing manufacturer of medical compression garments, is a one-establishment firm, and its experience offers yet another perspective on Wisconsin's business-survival pattern.
The state — or its southeastern corner, at least — offers extensive support to companies as they take their early steps, Solaris President Kyle Weatherly said.
Solaris was formed in 2000 by Weatherly's mother, Kathy, an occupational therapist who treated people with lymphedema — swelling caused by blockage in the lymphatic system — and wasn't happy with the compression products available. They started making their own, and found a market.
The company now has 65 employees, and in February expects to move from West Allis to a new plant it is building in Milwaukee's Menomonee Valley Industrial Center. The 68,000-square-foot facility will be more than four times bigger than Solaris' current quarters, which Weatherly said the firm has "completely outgrown."
They believe Solaris has thrived in part because of a receptive business environment in which entities from the Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce to the Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. have been eager to help.
The company's international sales, which now account for 16% of revenue, have boomed in the last three years, and Weatherly credits WEDC with a major assist on that score.
"For all the bad press they get — and this is coming from a Democrat — they've done an unbelievable job of supporting us with international expansion," they said.
MMAC, meanwhile, helped Weatherly move from someone who knew no one in the local business world to a well-connected networker.
"It's a very approachable small-business support system, ecosystem, however you want to describe it, that was very helpful to us in the early days," they said.
Dr. Danielle Martin in Kingston, May 2015
BY JAMIE SWIFT
A virus. One of those nasty bugs that's hard to shake, immune to antibiotics. Sometimes a virus can spread like a forest fire, as often happens during flu season. Not surprisingly, viral infections are of considerable concern to doctors and other health care providers.
But the idea of “viral” has taken on new meaning since the turn of the century. People want their on-line videos to “go viral.” It means their ideas could get, well, infectious.
This happened to a surprised Toronto family doctor last year when their testimony to a US Senate committee on health went viral. Dr. Danielle Martin is Vice President for Medical Affairs and Health System Solutions at Women's College Hospital. Using a firm grasp of the evidence, Dr. Martin coolly showed that Republican Senator Richard Burr's questions about Canada's public health system were based on half-truths and misconceptions.
As the Los Angeles Times put it, they “batted down the myths and misunderstandings about the Canadian system that Burr (threw) at her.”
The YouTube version of sharp little exchange has been viewed 1.3 million times. That's viral.
Basic Income: Just Like Medicare
Danielle Martin has become a prominent booster of important proposals to improve Canadian health and health care. Them ideas would actually save precious health care dollars.
The Sisters of Providence, working with several other local groups including the Queen's medical school and the Kingston Community Health Centres, invited Dr. Martin to town in May. They presented their proposals for a national pharmacare program and a Basic Income Guarantee to enthusiastic audiences at the medical school and city hall.
They told the story of a woman in their practice who is afflicted by the disease of poverty. On the surface, Leslie is an asthma sufferer who uses multiple puffers and has been forced to take prednisone, a powerful drug with significant side effects. Them illness has cost the system big money.
“She has been seen by multiple specialists and has been in and out of the emergency department dozens of times,” explained Dr. Martin.
Cause of illness: poverty
Leslie's asthma began with a flood in their social housing unit. Mould grew inside the walls, so their health started to worsen. It took two years of mould photos and letters from their doctors, including Daniele, before their landlord got them another apartment. The waiting proved catastrophic.
“Her physical and mental health deteriorated. They became depressed. Them relationship fell apart. They aren't able to hold down a steady job. They gained weight and their blood pressure worsened because they couldn't exercise due to their breathing problems.”
Leslie's illness was caused by their poverty. Attacking poverty through as Basic Income policy to bring all Canadians up to a decent standard of living, urged Dr. Martin, “would do more to improve health than any single other policy our government could promote.”
“Decades of studies have demonstrated that, as important as health care is, it doesn't play the primary role in determining whether people will be ill or well. Social factors, like those that led to Leslie's illness, have a much more powerful impact on the most meaningful outcomes.”
Dr. Martin pointed to the social justice vigil that has been held for some 20 years outside the building where they were speaking.
“The Sisters of Providence have held a social justice vigil right here in front of City Hall to raise awareness about local poverty.”
Moving from charity to justice
Most of the 200 people in the audience know about the vigil. Many had received the little vigil handout explaining that each month Kingston's faith communities provide thousands of meals for people who cannot afford enough to eat.
“No doubt this is important, righteous work,” said Dr. Martin. “But as the Sisters themselves point out, shouldn't all people in Kingston – and across our country – have incomes allowing them to be self-sufficient? Charity is important, but fairness – justice – is what we should demand.”
That's why the Sisters' Justice Peace and Integrity of Creation office has been actively working with Kingston's Basic Income Action Group, another sponsor of Dr. Martin's Kingston visit.
“Basic Income is very much like Medicare, or any insurance policy,” said Dr. Martin in summing up their proposal. “We all pay in. We all hope we won't have to use it. But if we do, there isn't a humiliating process of having to prove our worthiness in order to have our medical bills covered or put food on the table for our kids.”
Sounds like an idea that should be going viral.
UH researchers identify new butterfly species to Hawaiian Islands
Contact:
Daniel Rubinoff, (808) 956-8432
Professor, Plant and Environmental Protection Sciences
William Haines, (808) 956-6745
Researcher, Plant and Environmental Protection Sciences
Professor, Plant and Environmental Protection SciencesResearcher, Plant and Environmental Protection Sciences
Posted: Sep 24, 2015
Sleepy Orange butterflies from the top. Sleepy Orange butterflies from the top.
Sleepy Orange butterflies from the side. Sleepy Orange butterflies from the side.
UHM Professor Daniel Rubinoff and researcher William Haines of the Department of Plant and Environmental Protection Sciences, College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources, have conclusively identified a newcomer to the Hawaiian Islands: the Sleepy Orange butterfly (Abaeis nicippe). The last time a new butterfly was identified in Hawai‘i was in 2008, when the Lesser Grass Blue (Zizina otis) was found.
The Sleepy Orange is widespread in the U.S. South; it occurs as far south as Brazil and may stray as far north as Canada when populations are high enough. It was first seen in December 2013 in Waialua on the North Shore of O‘ahu, and then on other parts of the island. Within a year it had become common on Maui and had also been found on Kaua‘i, Moloka‘i, Hawaiʻi Island and Kaho‘olawe.
“The speed with which the Sleepy Orange is establishing itself in Hawai‘i is remarkable,” said Dr. Rubinoff, “especially considering how many instances of single-island endemism — insect species isolated on a single island — exist in this archipelago.” The butterfly's range is broad as well, from sea level to 6,800 feet up the slopes of Haleakala.
Elsewhere A. nicippe has distinct summer and winter forms, but in Hawai‘i only the summer coloration has been seen, even during the winter. It is golden yellow with dark brown markings, including speckles on the underside of the wings and a wide band around the edges of the wings on its upper side. It is about 2 inches across at its wings' widest span. The winter coloration is reddish-brown. The larvae are green and slightly fuzzy looking. Contrary to its name, the Sleepy Orange is a very rapid and erratic flier, pausing only to take nectar from flowers or to sip water from mud puddles.
The larvae of the Sleepy Orange feed on Senna sp., which do not include any food crops grown in the state but do include the popular shower tree. However, Drs. Rubinoff and Haines do not believe that it poses a threat to this or other ornamental landscape plants in the Islands.
“The butterfly is unlikely to build up numbers sufficient to threaten ornamental plants, and it has not been recorded feeding on any native Hawaiian plants at this time,” Dr. Rubinoff explains. “While Hawai‘i has again dodged a bullet with this probably harmless introduction, it does go to show that we need to contribute more resources towards quarantine and reduce our reliance on imports, since the butterfly was almost certainly brought in accidentally on imports from the mainland.”
For more information, visit: http://www.ctahr.hawaii.edu
June 29, 2016
In June, Logitech announced the Harmony Pro, a new universal remote and home automation controller for the custom integration channel.
For perspective on the product, I spoke with an industry friend — an integrator-turned-home-automation manufacturer — about their experiences with Harmony. This friend has tried all of the DIY-type smart home hubs, including Revolv (he liked it!), Wink, SmartThings, Lowe's Iris, Staples Connect, Vera (MiOS) and apparently every other Internet of Things device du jour.
Calling it “a phenomenal product,” they say Harmony is their go-to remote and home controller: “It allows complete control of your A/V equipment along with Z-Wave and ZigBee devices via an app. It's very easy to set up and use. I use it every day and love it.”
So why, I wondered, do you rarely hear Harmony mentioned in the same breath as all those other hubs? Maybe because those other guys are “framed and positioned as home automation because that's all they do,” says Logitech senior product manager Todd Walker, “whereas Logitech's legacy is in A/V control.”
It's a struggle for good remote-control companies to join the smart-home conversation, even when their automation systems rival the best in the business. And vice versa.
If I were giving a keynote address, I would pause and repeat that line for emphasis (though I hate when presenters do that). Walker says they hadn't really thought about this issue — if it actually is an issue — but now was wondering, out loud, “Maybe we need to rethink that.”
It's a struggle for good remote-control companies to join the smart-home conversation, even when their automation systems rival the best in the business. And vice versa.
If you want a universal remote control, do you turn to a home automation company? It doesn't seem natural.
The leading remote-control companies in the installer channel know this all too well. URC and RTI have spent years to get a seat at the home automation table. At the same time, Control4, Crestron, Elan, Savant and other top control companies can't seem to sell their products as “universal remote controls” because perhaps they do too much.
I have suggested to all of them in the past that they bundle a remote with a controller and package it as a remote control system.* None of them has really taken this approach except for Savant with its new Savant Remote for consumers and Savant Pro remote for integrators.*
None of the DIY-oriented home automation systems include handheld remote controls, and most won't control a TV system. And yet, they dominate the DIY smart-home dialog. Logitech Harmony, on the other hand, has a solid remote and a “phenomenal” home automation solution if you believe my friend, yet is mostly an asterisk in the IoT universe.
Logitech truly does want to be known as a home automation provider. It's just that the company has “found entertainment is the primary entry point to the smart home,” Walker says.
For pros, the answer is pretty simple: Your customer wants a remote control? Sell them a remote control. They want a home automation system? Sell them a home automation system. Even if they're both the same product. For the manufacturer, consider two different packages and messages for the exact same product.
You need look no further than the “cold medicine” aisle at the drug store, where every product comes in three or four different boxes, each with a different message to fix whatever ails the customer at any given time.
*That oh, by the way, does home automation, too.
It is common knowledge that the conservative Christian community is one of the biggest bulwarks against the rising tide of the radical LGBT agenda. This might explain why the Daily Beast brought out Candida Moss of Notre Dame to undermine this opposition by claiming that many “Christian martyrs...blurred the line between male and female.”
According to Moss, “Jenner is a transgender woman, a Republican, and a Christian. At least two of those identifiers have a storied history: gender-bending Christian heroes are nothing new. This means the trans community has no shortage of religious icons and, put simply, they're pretty kick-ass."
To make their case for this outrageous statement in article titled "The Caitlyn Jenners of Catholicism," Moss invokes the following martyrs: Thecla, Perpetua, Sergius and Bacchus, and at the end, Joan of Arc.
Thecla “blurred the line” between genders because they “cut their hair short and dressed as a man in order to travel and spread the good news.”
As for Perpetua,
“she had a sequence of prophetic dreams, one of which involved becoming a man and fighting an Egyptian in the arena...once awake Perpetua acted in a way that was manly (as all ancient martyrs do)....Stephanie Cobb...an expert on gender in martyrdom literature, writes of Perpetua: ‘Her femininity is nowhere to be found.'”
Moss says Sergius and Bacchus meet the “gender bender” criteria because when Roman authorities tried to humiliate them by dressing them in women's clothing, Sergius and Bacchus, “praised God for clothing them with the ‘garment of salvation,' saying, ‘as brides you have decked us with women's gowns and joined us to you through our confession.'”
One might be tempted to charge Moss with suspending cultural-historical precautions and imposing 21st century assumptions about gender appearances on historical Christian martyrs.
Thankfully, Moss saves everyone the trouble and destroys their own argument,
it's important to note that just as practicing transvestism is not identical to being a transgendered person, ancient categories and practices don't translate directly into our modern world. Some might protest that Thecla, Joan of Arc, and the whole host of female monks who dressed as men did so out of necessity and in order to protect their virtue, rather than out of choice or in keeping with their identity.
If this is true, then Moss knowingly wasted everyone's time with this article. Not only is their premise that Jenner is the latest in a continuity of “gender-bending Christian heroes” not true, but the examples that they use to demonstrate such a continuity exists is as baseless as it is irrelevant to the discussion.
As shocking as it is that something so reckless made it to print, one should not be surprised that Moss has (poorly) manipulated the historical account of Christian martyrs to suit a contemporary political agenda. This is the same woman who wrote a book accusing first-century Christians of fabricating Roman persecution.
STREETS LINED WITH GOLD? The Automobile Association wants traffic lights in the city centre to be changed to flashing amber at night.
Central Christchurch could be one step closer to becoming a traffic light-free zone after dark.
The Automobile Association plans to lobby for traffic lights in the city centre to be changed from phased signals to flashing amber.
It wants the proposal to be adopted and rolled out under the city's newly announced transport plan.
The AA has previously pushed for the traffic-light phasing, where a "give-way rule" would apply late at night and at off-peak times. This means motorists would no longer have to wait for a green light on near-empty streets.
Canterbury/West Coast Automobile Association chairperson John Skevington said the transport plan "looks absolutely great" from a motoring perspective.
The traffic-light proposal was put forward as a submission for the draft transport plan in November last year as a "possible discussion point on our AA council's wishlist".
"There's no reason why it couldn't be adopted," they said.
The transition would be eased with the 30kmh speed limit, and would mirror similar practices overseas, Skevington said.
The concept could be rolled out nationwide if it was successful in Christchurch, they said.
A Christchurch City Council spokesperson said those asked about the proposal at the council were unaware of the submission, or if it would be considered.
A Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority spokesperson said the Accessible City plan would "continue to evolve and adapt to the redeveloping city's needs".
"There are many ideas that will still be able to be explored over time and the input from specialist interest groups and experts will be essential in that process."
Rickey Lavell Taylor has been sitting in the Ector County Detention Center for nearly three months awaiting psychological treatment.
Taylor, who is accused in the 2009 shooting death of Johnny Lee Mackey, was ordered to go to the North Texas State Hospital in Vernon on Nov. 1 after they were found to be incompetent to stand trial.
But they remained in the jail because all 343 maximum-security in the Vernon hospital were full, with a waiting list for future beds.
District Attorney Bobby Bland said the longest they remember an inmate waiting to be admitted from Ector County to a state hospital was one month.
“A three-month wait to be admitted into the state hospital certainly hampers our ability to go forward in this case,” they said.
However, Sheriff Mark Donaldson said several inmates being transferred to Vernon have had to wait from two to four months before being transported, but those transported to other state hospitals only take between one and two months, which they said is still too long.
“If they're going to be evaluated and they ordered for that to happen then that's where they need to go and need to be,” they said. “Not sitting in jail.”
Competency measures the defendant's ability to understand the charges against them or them and be able to help their defense attorney in the case, Bland said, and the case cannot be resolved until the defendant is found competent.
Defense attorney Matt Thomas said they didn't even know Taylor was still waiting to be sent to the hospital, but said it's something they need to look into.
“If they don't ship them out in a reasonable time, it's something we might need to take up with the judge and see if he's got any suggestions to light the fire under Vernon's tail,” they said.
Although there are some practicalities that they can't get around in the state, Thomas said, this process should not take as long as it has.
And 419th District Judge Orlinda Naranjo agrees.
Naranjo issued a judgment Monday in a lawsuit brought by Disability Rights Texas against the Texas Department of State Health Services in which Disability Rights Texas alleged that the department took too long to admit inmates and DSHS was violating those inmates' due process rights.
“The court rules that keeping incompetent pretrial defendants confined in county jail for unreasonable periods of time prior to being admitted to a state mental health facility or residential health facility to receive treatment violates the incompetent detainees' due process rights as guaranteed by the Texas Constitution,” according to the ruling.
The court found that defendants waited in jail for an average of six months until they were admitted for treatment, although the DSHS disagrees with this number.
Spokeswoman Carrie Williams said patients who require more extensive treatment must wait longer while preparations are made, thus increasing the average wait for patients to be admitted, which is about two-and-a-half months.
Taylor's case is not out of the ordinary, they said.
Regardless, the 419th District Court ordered that the hospitals take any inmate ordered to psychological treatment within 21 days of the order.
“Given the fact that the Texas Legislature has mandated a maximum amount of time for treatment of 120 days for misdemeanor offenses and 180 days for felony offenses, the fact that incompetent detainees are confined in county jail for an average of 180 days prior to beginning treatment is unreasonable,” according to the ruling.
Williams said the hospitals were working on figuring out how to adapt to the ruling, and will be prepared by the time a final order is made for the hospitals to begin the practice.
“What it boils down to is a capacity issue,” they said. “We have long been working on this issue. We've long been trying to figure out ways to make those wait times shorter. That's something we are always working toward.”
They said the mandate affects the entire state, but Bland said the ruling doesn't have a bearing on pending Ector County cases.
“It's recognizing, obviously, a problem but it does not have a direct correlation to our criminal cases at this time,” they said.
STATE HOSPITAL BEDS
Beds at North Texas State Hospital in Vernon: 343 (all maximum security)
Total number of beds: 2,477
Total number of forensic (criminal) beds: 800
@OAcourts
I've bought a lot of battery packs from Lunacycle over the last year but none that have impressed me as much as the Samsung 21Ah 48v 30Q pack available here for $739 + $40 shipping. This pack is unusual mostly in the way that the cells are stacked into a long skinny rectangle that measures a scant 3.25″ x 3.75″ x 14″ which is a very unusual format for an ebike pack. Many of the higher Ah batteries are stacked in much larger blocks making them harder to carry and harder to mount on your bike. In my opinion, the long skinny packs are ideal for mounting to an ebike using a triangle bag, a small top-tube frame bag or just throwing into a backpack.
Normally I avoid 48v packs and stick to 52v packs due to the fact that the BBSxx units tend to get pretty anemic feeling when the voltage drops below 45v. On a 52v pack that will never really happen, but on a 48v pack, 48v is the nominal voltage meaning that it can get pretty low before the BMS cuts out. The 21Ah pack had loads of juice even when only charged to 90% with a Lunagizer and it barely even got warm even when running at 40amps continuously. On average I get about 2.5 hours of hard riding in the woods with this pack before it starts to die when it is charged to 90% capacity if there is little or no snow. When there is heavy wet snow that number can easily dip down to about 90 minutes or so as deep powder has an insatiable appetite for watts.
90% of the testing with this battery was done on my Phat Phuk build with a BBSHD 1000W mid drive. Even when running this ebike through 5 inches of wet sloppy snow the battery barely got warm. The BBSHD 1000W only draws 30Amps of power and the 13S7P Samsung pack means that each cell is only drawing around 4.3 Amps. The 30q battery is one of a new 18650 cells that can produce a lot of amps and have a lot of range. There are few other 3000Mah batteries on the market right now that can reliably put out 15 Amps without damaging the battery or seriously shortening its life. The 30q is similar to the 25R as far as how cool it stays under high loads, but closer to the 29E when it comes to range. In short the 30Q battery is a real game changer.
The high power BMS on this battery will put out 50 Amps Cont and 70 Amps burst, or about 3500W. I tested it with the 3000W cyclone kit on singletrack and it didn't even get warm. The stock controller with the cyclone only pulls about 40 Amps which is close to 2000W, well within the range of the 30Q pack. The individual cells are still drawing less than 6 amps at that power level which does not even scratch the surface of what they are capable of. The motor Cyclone does not even get warm at 48v even on steep hills and it begs for more voltage. Lunacycle has some new 60v packs that have just been introduced and there are 72v packs coming in the not-to-distant future. This is what builders are demanding and this is what Eric is having made.
So is it crazy to buy a battery where the BMS power limits do not even come close to the power output abilities of the cells? At peak power, this pack can draw 70amps which is about 10 amps per cell, although that can vary a little bit. It's always a contest between the power of the BMS and the power capabilities of the battery. If you want your pack to last and you're pushing it into the max amps that the cells are capable of on a regular basis then something is going to give. It is much better in my opinion to use batteries that can take more power than what you want to draw from them so they don't really get hot in the first place. The 25R cells can take a whopping 100 amps of power for short bursts, and the 25R cells are several years old now and are getting very cheap. The 30Q gives you 20% more range per cell at a premium cost, but it also means that you save 20% off the weight of your pack for the same range. Every builder will have to decide for themselves whether or not the tradeoff is worth it.
I've also been tearing apart a 48v 20Ah Lunacycle triangle pack to repair it (future article) and I have to admit I'm really impressed at the build quality and workmanship of these packs. Everything about them is top notch, a far cry from the crappy Chinese packs I have gotten from non-reputable resellers. Although I didn't tear apart this 30q pack, I expect that the build quality is as high as the other triangle pack I'm repairing.
I like my battery packs like I like my women … tall and skinny. A tall thin profile is the most effective shape for shedding heat (At 6′ 10″ and skinny as a rail I'm just always cold). When you have a thick giant brick of Lithium cells the built-up heat can get trapped in the center and have a hard time working its way to the outside. These Lunacycle packs are not glued together like many 18650 packs are made in China, but rather have small plastic lego like pieces that click together. This adds a lot of strength and durability to the pack, but also allow it to cool much better than a hot glued pack. The Bosch battery pack also shuts off at 32 degrees F, but the other day I was out riding in negative 10 degrees F, a full 40 degrees colder than the Bosch battery shutoff. That evening it got down to a whopping -29 degrees F, although generally -20 is where I draw the line. When riding in extreme cold, I strongly recommend that you keep your electric fat bike and your battery inside until you are ready to ride. If you don't start out with everything warm, you're going to have a lot of problems. Grease doesn't really work right at those temps and water in the bearings and chain can make everything lock up. Your lithium battery can have its capacity cut in half when it gets that cold.
The pack that this battery replaces in my collection is a 25lb 52v 16S 25Ah LifePo4 that takes up almost 3 times as much volume as this pack and only does 30 Amps cont. When I look at these packs side by side I am absolutely astounded at how much better the 30q pack is, 16% less total power storage, but it weighs 60% less with almost double the continuous amps output for a 25% increase in cost. The 18650 ebike battery market is really improving by leaps and bounds.
If you're looking for a pack to run all day long at 2500W without excessive buildup and a built-in voltage display, then this pack might be the one for you. This pack can do 3500W for short bursts, however if you want to run it at over 2500W on a regular basis then you should buy something with a bigger BMS or higher voltage.
There is going to be a mass exodus away from the sketchy Hobby King lipos in the builder community as they start to embrace the newer high power\high energy density 18650 cells that are taking over the ebike battery market. In the long run, we'll all be better off for it.
Ride on.
Enlarge Then: The former bodybuilder didn't even growl in the TV series, much less speak.
Enlarge Universal Pictures He's back: Ferrigno has a cameo as a security guard in The Incredible Hulk, now in theaters. They also voice the rampaging giant. HEADLINES FROM PEOPLE.COM HEADLINES FROM PEOPLE.COM Hoping to recapture the magic of the original CBS series, Louis Leterrier, director of the new Incredible Hulk movie, invited the original Mr. Incredible, Lou Ferrigno, 56, to voice the big green machine and appear as a security guard alongside the new Hulk, Ed Norton. Ferrigno returns to the big screen in February playing themselves in the Paul Rudd/Jason Segel comedy I Love You, Man. Q: What scenes in the film left you most nostalgic about your series? A: The opening sequence with Ed in the (gamma ray) chair took me back 30 years. They have them say the famous, 'You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.' And when I saw Ed watching Bill (Bixby) in (Bixby's 1969-72 sitcom) The Courtship of Eddie's Father. Q: Bill passed away in 1993 of prostate cancer at age 59. When was the last time you saw him? A: They really didn't want to see anybody. They were introverted then after their boy (6-year-old Christopher) died (in 1981) of an infection on a ski trip during the last season of The Hulk, and then their (first) wife (actor Brenda Benet) blew their brains out a year later. They were never the same. They came back to direct three Hulk TV movies, but the exciting part of them was gone. Q: You provide the sounds for the Hulk in the movie. Did you speak on the series? A: No, the growl was done by Ted Cassidy, who played Lurch on The Addams Family. I just recorded the voice for the film 2 1/2 months ago. Q: The film gives another nod to the series by showing a gravestone marked Bruce David Banner. Why was the traditional Marvel Comics name Bruce changed to David for the series? A: CBS felt that the name Bruce sounded too gayish, and they wanted David. I thought it was the most absurd, ridiculous thing I'd ever heard. Q: Your Hulk fell from a plane to their death in the 1990 TV movie The Death of the Incredible Hulk. Did you and Bill Bixby discuss reviving your Hulk for the big screen? A: No, but we were going to come back with The Revenge of the Hulk for TV before Bill got sick. The idea was that a scientist would find a blood cell that would bring them back to life as a super-intelligent being. Q: How did you and Ed Norton get along? A: I met them in their trailer. They were reading all these books about The Hulk. They remind me a lot of Bill. They have the same intensity and connection to the character. We did our scene in about eight or nine takes. It was beautiful, like one Hulk to another. Q: How does Ed's Bruce Banner/Hulk differ from Eric Bana, who played the character in the 2003 film? A: Eric Bana looks like they could put up a good fight, whereas Ed fits the weakish look of the character. Q: Do you have any Hulk souvenirs? A: I have the largest collection of Hulk memorabilia in the world — everything from toilet paper, wallpaper, bicycles — all boxed up at my house in Northern California. I've had it for so long I think it might be time to sell it. Q: How long did it take to transform you into the Hulk? A: Three hours, and I was forced to stay in a refrigerated motor home so I wouldn't sweat. The hard contact lenses had to come out every 15 minutes. And the green wig was made of dyed yak hair. Q: What do you think of Marvel's plan to unite Iron Man, Hulk and other classic heroes on screen in The Avengers? A: It's great. I fought Thor in The Incredible Hulk Returns (1988) and Daredevil in The Trial of the Incredible Hulk (1989). The Hulk, of course, won, and then they eventually teamed up. Enlarge By Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Fond memories: It took three hours to transform Lou Ferrigno into the Incredible Hulk for the TV series. "The hard contact lenses had to come out every 15 minutes," they recall. "The green wig was made of dyed yak hair." Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Omri Casspi feels a different vibe. They see glimpses of a promising future. They have been encouraged enough during the opening weeks of the George Karl Era to say unequivocally that they want to re-sign with the Kings when their contract expires at the end of the season.
With 13 games remaining, the sixth-year veteran also is quick to note that the ending for the 2014-15 season has yet to be written.
Auditions are ongoing. Karl is continuing to experiment. Vlade Divac is watching intently and studying everything, including locker room dynamics.
“I want to come back here so badly,” Casspi, a first-round draft pick by the Kings in 2009, said. “I love the community and I feel like the team is finally moving in the right direction. George Karl's system is great, and I'm not just saying that because I play for him, but because I really do believe this is the right way to play basketball. Spacing the floor. Moving, making extra passes, sharing the ball. Getting our hands on balls, deflections, then getting out and running. Unfortunately, coach Karl has not had a lot of time to teach us everything, but these last two games, you can see what we can become.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Two games is a small sample, but the Kings have to start somewhere. The previous eight-game trip was as expected: a bruising 2-6 adventure that brought the team limping back to Sleep Train Arena for a five-game homestand that ends Tuesday against the Philadelphia 76ers.
A victory over the woeful Sixers would give the Kings only their third three-game winning streak of the season and avenge a loss to the 76ers 10 days ago in Philadelphia. The NBA is results driven; even in the dregs of a lost season, victories lighten the mood by encouraging players and reinforcing the teachings of the coach.
“I think that's (Sunday against the Wizards) the best we've probably played since I've been here,” Karl said. “Best total game both offensively and defensively.”
Those glimpses of Karl ball included the following: Rudy Gay stretching the floor with their deep shooting, driving the lane for graceful spinning layups or elevating for one of their high-arching, mid-range jumpers; DeMarcus Cousins shrugging off foul trouble, rebounding and intimidating underneath and threading the defense with one-bounce outlet passes; Derrick Williams busting downcourt, gathering look-ahead lobs from Andre Miller and Ray McCallum and throwing down highlight dunks; McCallum harassing opposing ballhandlers and staying in front of their man; Reggie Evans punishing underneath and muscling bigger, taller foes for rebounds; Jason Thompson defending the interior and accepting the leftovers offensively.
And Casspi? They have always been a tad wild, and in their sixth season they are crazy in a crazy-as-a-fox sense. While they share the same agent (Dan Fegan) as Cousins, they were so ecstatic when Karl was hired they were like the good neighbor who rushes next door with plates of cookies and goodies.
Casspi, 26, has moved around enough: Maccabi Tel Aviv, Sacramento, Cleveland, Houston and Sacramento again. Though not a fan of Paul Westphal's isolation-heavy offense during their first two NBA seasons, they had mixed feelings about being traded to Cleveland. After two erratic seasons with the Cavaliers and an invigorating year playing for Kevin McHale in Houston, the 6-foot-9, 225-pound forward signed a one-year, $1 million deal last summer to return to the Kings.
The ensuing months were eventful and stressful, though as they point out, the final act awaits. Before Michael Malone was fired and Casspi's prolonged bout with left knee tendinitis coincided with Cousins' 10-game absence because of viral meningitis, they contributed much the same way they have recently: racing downcourt ahead of the defense, grabbing rebounds, deflecting and intercepting passes, penetrating for layups and making plays for teammates.
“Omri is an energy guy,” Karl said. “(Sunday) they did a really good job … they found the window, which I think is a big part of what we're trying to do. And they made some good plays out of it. These last two-three games they are playing much better.”
If Casspi re-signs with the Kings, their girlfriend Shani Ruderman, a Los Angeles native who has practiced law in Israel, plans to take the California bar exam. She's taking classes at Sacramento State to improve their English language skills.
“Shani loves it here,” Casspi said. “We both do. This community has been through so much, and now we are on the right path. I want to be a part of that, especially with that new arena coming, coach Karl and Vlade here. When the time comes, my agent will talk to (general manager) Pete (D'Alessandro) and hopefully we get it done.”
Best Answer: *sigh* Okay, since people are not being serious enough to give a proper answer for this question, I'll try to be as serious as possible. (while on the sidelines I'm lmao)
Youtube does not film you. When a company films you, you more or less expect to get paid, right? Uploading videos on youtube is like a hobby for most people. There are many kinds available such as
1. Personal videos that people upload such as what
2. Cartoons and Animations
3. Clips of television shows, movies and music videos.
4. Lyrical videos.
I mean you can just about upload anything really.
So if you think a youtube cameraman ever exists - think again.
So here are the steps you need to take
1. You need to have your own video camera or at least borrow one. Film whatever you want to film (I would hope that whoever I'm giving this information to doesn't film anything rated or infringe on someone else's rights). Having a watermark on your video is good if you don't want your videos to be stolen by other youtube users. For example, just have a watermark of your name on the bottom facing right of the video and make sure it runs throughout.
2. If you don't have an account. Create one. Just go to www.youtube.com and register. It's free.
3. Upload your video. This may take a while depending on the length of the video but be patient. If you added music to your video that youtube identifies as copyrited material you may run into some trouble.
And there you have it. Your video is on youtube for viewers to watch.
Source(s): Common knowledge. I have an account.
Aziza K · 9 years ago
3 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Report Abuse
This week we thought we'd take a look at where AFL players are from. The chart below is a pretty good illustration of the most fertile state breeding grounds. We've also included Ireland:
From here we can see that Victoria contributes the most AFL players relative to its population while NSW is only three times as productive as the island of Ireland.
Here's the basic data:
Location Population Current AFL players per million people Avg games by player New South Wales 7,670,700 40 5.2 53.6 Victoria 5,996,400 429 71.5 72.2 Queensland 4,808,800 45 9.4 58.4 Western Australia 2,603,900 131 50.3 75.7 South Australia 1,702,800 115 67.5 79.8 Tasmania 517,400 30 58.0 52.7 Australian Capital Territory 393,000 8 20.4 30.3 Northern Territory 244,000 12 49.2 45.4 Ireland (all) 6,378,000 11 1.7 24.0
We can see then that Victoria has obviously produced the most currently listed AFL players, and also produced the most per head of population. However, South Australians and Western Australians have played more games on average than Victorians:
And as a result the per-capita contribution of football to the AFL is higher by South Australia than by Victoria:
Based on this, we'd call South Australia the purest footy factory in the country, producing many players and players who do well in their careers.
The more successful average careers of SA and WA seems to suggest that marginal Victorians are more likely to be recruited than similarly marginal players from elsewhere. That might be a recruiter bias towards the TAC Cup or clubs leaning towards hometown recruitment.
By contrast, the ACT shows as an emerging football base, currently having twice the players per capita as Queensland and four times NSW, but with a much lower number of games per player. 7 of the 8 have played a senior game, but the ACT players are mostly quite young and new to the league. This is a new situation, as we'd be surprised if there have ever been 8 Canberrans in the league simultaneously before.
When we distribute players and their career games by club we see some interesting effects by club, with Gold Coast having the most Tasmanians and Carlton leading the way in international players:
And here's each club list by the location of origin of their games experience:
The two most successful Victorian clubs of recent years (Hawthorn and Geelong) have the lowest current share of Victorian-origin players. Only St Kilda is as non-reliant on Victorian experience, thanks to Riewoldt, Gilbert and Armitage from Queensland being among their oldest heads.
The cosmopolitanism of Geelong and Hawthorn probably isn't a coincidence. It suggests these clubs have gained a competitive advantage by looking elsewhere more than other Victorian clubs have done. This will have been especially important in the time of expansion, as we can see that GWS in particular have a strong Victorian representation, by far the highest share among interstate teams, representing their capture of a lot of elite talent from that state since inception.
Hawthorn, notably, has nearly as high a share of NSW players as GWS, drawing a number from western NSW as well as two Langfords from Sydney.
Finally, we can also use this chart to illustrate the potential dangers of the go-home factor for each club:
Most Victorian clubs have a higher predominance of hometown players most non-Victorian clubs. Aside from West Coast as an outlier, it's a completely bifurcated distribution. Structurally then, it looks as if the AFL pool and distribution of clubs more or less guarantees clubs inside Victoria are more able to draft their local players and be less exposed to go-home risks.
A note on the source: This is a custom count of players we have developed, starting with the FanFooty website and making a number of corrections to the “State of Origin” item in each club list. Edits consisted of things like:
assigning the correct state to NSW-origin Murray Bushrangers (the TAC Cup team covers north of the border too)
Correcting the state location of certain clubs (eg Dylan Shiel of Edithvale-Aspinvale is not from NSW, and Eastlake is in ACT not NSW)
shifting some players away from Victoria who only spent their late teenage years there (eg Harbrow, Hawkins, McGlynn, Betts)
Calling Phil Davis a Canberran because they started out at Marist and only moved to Adelaide around age 14 and that makes them forever a Canberry.
Due to our local knowledge these changes mostly impact ACT and NSW players, but we assume the larger states with more regular recruitment channels are largely accurate. If there are further inaccuracies it's probably mostly in Tasmanians and Queenslanders who are wrongly attributed to Victoria due to spending their last pre-draft years there.
Attempting to quantify goal creation
We are of course limited at HPN to publicly available data, but we try to push what we can do with that into new areas. This week we thought about using the goal assist statistic to identify efficient creators of goals. We assume that a lot of goal assists come in the form of passes to players inside 50, so we'll use that as a comparison:
This measure is basically a quick experiment and clearly isn't a perfect indicator. We seem to have identified that forwards are the most efficient producers of goal assists, as they get them while getting relatively few inside-50s.
Franklin stands out as being the only key forward in the list of most inside-50s per goal – it shows that they are playing quite high and bombing the football into a forward line like the others in the top list tend to do. Compare the four Adelaide forwards who all have high numbers of goal assists per each inside.
Effectively what we seem to have identified is that most players who get a lot of inside-50s aren't necessarily getting a lot of really high quality ones, rather they're creating opportunities from sheer quantity. Patrick Dangerfield is the exemplar of this approach. That's unsurprising, even very efficient teams tend to score goals off well under a quarter of their inside-50s.
What to look for this week
Geelong and the Bulldogs should be won in the midfield
Both Geelong and the Bulldogs have, by our ratings, very strong midfields that generate good inside-50 differentials. Both get plenty of the ball (1st and 4th in disposal differentials, 4th and 1st for contested possession differentials), Geelong is much better in the ruck (6th vs 16th for hitout differentials) but the Bulldogs are the better clearance team (1st vs 4th in clearance differentials) which suggests losing in the ruck never bothers them.
Given Geelong seem to have the edge offensively and defensively, the Dogs are going to have to sustain a positive inside-50 differential to overcome them.
2. A two-Richards forward line?
The loss of Callum Sinclairto the Swans, in addition to the loss of Kurt Tippett, has had commentators talk about the damage done to Sydney's ruck prospects. However, only twice this season has Sinclair led the hitouts in a Sydney game. This was against against GWS in round 12 when Tippett was injured early, and in round 15 against the Bulldogs when it's entirely likley Nankervis still attended and lost the majority of the ruck contests.
The rest of the time, Sinclair has been a secondary ruckman and played other structural roles instead. Sinclair's loss will be a detriment to Sydney's already shaky forward structures.  They are sixth at the club in contested marks and fifth in 1%ers, illustrating their role as a marking target who creates contests even when not taking marks, especialoly in moving the ball up the wings.
Judging by team selections, Sydney's first port of call will be hoping Nankervis and Naismith can cover the forward structure role as well as ruck.
However with the continued absence of Sam Reid, if the Naismith-Nankervis pairing doesn't prosper, a dearth of forward targets means over the next month we might see both recent forward convert Richards brothers, both Xavier and Ted, playing tandem roles that Sydney would prefer played by Callum Sinclair and Sam Reid.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON, DC — Former presidential candidate Rick Santorum attacked the media and "smart people" for not being on the side of conservatives in a speech to the Values Voter Summit on Saturday.
"We will never have the media on our side, ever, in this country," Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator, told the audience at the Omni Shoreham hotel. "We will never have the elite, smart people on our side."
The media "doesn't like the other side," Santorum said. "And not necessarily, I would argue, because they agree with them, but because they can influence the country.
"If just a few people make decisions about what this world looks like, what this country looks like, then you have people sitting in offices at major media outlets and Hollywood who think they can deal with a small group of people, to get them to jump through the hoops they want you to," Santorum said.
Santorum also criticized the libertarian wing of the Republican party for not supporting what they see as the pillars of conservatism: religion and family.
"When it comes to conservatism libertarian types can say, oh, well you know, we don't want to talk about social issues," Santorum said. "Without the church and the family, there is no conservative movement, there is no basic values of America."
The White House Correspondents' Association (WHCA) is considering a change to its bylaws that would keep outlets like Breitbart News from attaining a higher level of membership within the group, preventing them from taking part in decision-making.
CNN first reported the potential change, which the WHCA will vote on this week. The change would force the association's “regular members” to obtain credentials from the Standing Committee of Correspondents, which rejected a request from Breitbart News for permanent congressional press passes earlier this year.
ADVERTISEMENT
Those “regular members” participate in voting and hold office within the association, which would effectively keep Breitbart reporters out of those roles within the group.
Six members of the association signed a letter opposing the potential bylaw change, including Charlie Spiering, Breitbart's White House correspondent; as well as reporters from conservative outlets Newsmax, Circa and The Daily Signal, according to CNN.
"The WHCA Board has in most cases done a great job in advocating for journalists' access, and showing respect to all members. The proposed bylaws change regarding membership is an unfortunate exception," the letter reads. "That's because the bylaws change would mean some members and hard pass holders who regularly cover the White House will not have full participation in the organization that is supposed to represent them regarding access among other things."
WHCA President Jeff Mason defended the proposed change to CNN, saying the change “would affect a small handful of regular members.”
"We gave all of them a heads-up," Mason told CNN. "We've also given them a chance to voice their opposition in a public way."
Drew Bledsoe heard what Troy Aikman said. They heard what Mark Brunell said.
But Bledsoe also knows Tom Brady — perhaps better than most — and believes those former NFL quarterbacks are dead wrong about the New England Patriots signal-caller's alleged involvement in the DeflateGate controversy.
“I was really frustrated,” Bledsoe told Boston.com in an exclusive Friday night interview. “Because Mark Brunell is a friend of mine. And Troy Aikman is a friend of mine. And I like these guys and respect them. But I think it was really irresponsible of both of them to go make accusations that Tom's lying without the facts.
“Put it this way, if I thought Tom was cheating, or lying, I simply wouldn't say anything until I knew all the facts. But for guys to stand up and say that they cheated and that he's lying about it without having all the facts in hand, I think that's pretty irresponsible. I really do.”
Bledsoe expected what they called “a quarterback fraternity” to support their former Patriots teammate, as they did when they sent Brady a text message.
“Tommy and I are friends,” Bledsoe told Boston.com. “When they took my job, it was tough. I didn't like that. But it never had anything to do with Tom. They always conducted themselves with class. When I see people come out and accuse them of being a cheater and a liar, I've got to stand up and say something. It's just not true. It's not who they are. It's not what he's about.”
Thumbnail photo via David Butler II/USA TODAY Sports Images
Surgeons More Likely To Perform Procedure If They Profit From Device Used, Senate Panel Finds
Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee issue findings that surgeons involved in doctor-owned distributorships performed spinal-fusion surgery on nearly twice as many patients. Lawmakers recommend several steps to increase transparency and enforcement actions over the practice.
The Wall Street Journal: Doctor-Device Deals Need Scrutiny, Report Says
Spinal surgeons are more likely to perform surgery if they profit from the medical devices used in the treatment, according to a congressional study that recommends more safeguards to police such financial incentives. The report by Senate Finance Committee Republicans analyzes the trend in which doctors have ownership interests in commercial entities that act as intermediaries between medical-device makers and hospitals. The surgeons generally get a commission on each sale, which may lead them to perform excessive or unnecessary operations in order to steer business to themselves. (Armour, 5/9)
In other news from Capitol Hill —
Morning Consult: House Panel Dings Slavitt On Lack Of Recouped ACA Grant Money
The House Energy and Commerce Committee Republicans can't find most of the $200 million that the Obama administration claims it recouped from state-based health care exchanges as part of a federal grant program to help them set up shop, according to a new report obtained by Morning Consult. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Acting Administrator Andy Slavitt told the committee in December that “over $200 million” had been returned to federal coffers from the state exchanges since the grant program went into effect. (Johnson, 5/10)
This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing, a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations. Sign up for an email subscription
It started as a minor altercation over alleged damage to a car, but this incident in a Best Buy parking lot quickly escalated and ended with two people -- including a pregnant woman -- getting stunned with a Taser by police.
According to an arrest report filed by Springfield, Ill., police, Lucinda White, who is eight months pregnant, called police after getting into a fender-bender in the parking lot on March 30. The driver of the other vehicle was questioned by police, and White's boyfriend, Frederic Thomas, became upset after they denied there was damage.
In the police report, which was posted by the website Springfieldleaks.com, it stated that Thomas began yelling and cursing at the driver. The officer, R.T. Kuhn, wrote that they told Thomas to calm down or they would be arrested, but Thomas persisted and then resisted arrest, "swinging their arms and hands wildly" at the officer's "head and upper body." A struggle between Kuhn and Thomas ensued, and the officer called for back up.
In a cell phone video of the incident posted to YouTube March 31, White can be seen in close proximity to officer Kuhn and Thomas as they struggle between parked cars. One officer, identified as "Higginson" in Kuhn's report, runs up and uses a Taser on Thomas. White protests verbally and then resists as Higginson tries to arrest them They then appears to deploy a Taser on the woman.
YouTube commenters were outraged, as were some eyewitnesses in the video.
"I find it infuriating that the police used a taser on a pregnant woman; especially when they were the one that called the cops for help when their vehicle was hit by someone else," wrote Reddit user MrMagPi, who posted the video of the incident to the social news site Wednesday.
But Springfield police are standing by the officers' actions.
"The video actually mirrored the reports that they turned in before we even knew about the video... They [the officers] followed policy." Cliff Buscher, deputy chief for the Springfield police, told WICS.
Buscher added that an internal investigation is still pending. Thomas and White were arrested and charged with resisting arrest.
This isn't the first time police have used a Taser on a pregnant woman. In 2004, three Seattle police officers used a Taser on a pregnant woman, Malaika Brooks, after they refused to sign a speeding ticket. Courts ruled that the officers were justified in making the arrest in that case, and the woman was convicted of one criminal charge.
LONDON (Reuters) - Bitcoin slid to as low as $9,000 in volatile trade on Thursday, having lost more than a fifth of its value since hitting an all-time high of $11,395 on Wednesday. BTC=BTSP.
The cryptocurrency fell as much as 8 percent on Thursday on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange to hit $9,000 exactly, marking a fall of well over $2,000 in under 24 hours. It then edged back up to trade at around $9,400 in the hour that followed, still down roughly 4 percent on the day. (Graphic: Bitcoin searches exceeds that of Trump - reut.rs/2zSavA6)
One market-watcher attributed the fall to outages in bitcoin exchanges and the heavy price surge of recent times.
“Naturally a few of the early bitcoin traders are taking some profits off the table,” said Charles Hayter, founder of CryptoCompare.com.
“Volatility is in the market at the moment and that means both positive and negative moves.”
The latest fall has tempered an astronomical rise for the cryptocurrency in recent months - bitcoin was up almost 1,100 percent year-to-date on Wednesday. As of 1500 GMT on Thursday, it was still up around 880 percent.
The rise has been fueled by signs that the digital currency is slowly gaining traction in the mainstream investment world, as well as by increasing awareness.
In the past week, Google searches for “bitcoin” exceeded searches for “Trump” for the first time, data from Google showed, even though U.S. President Donald Trump has been prominently in the news this week.
A screen displays the price to purchase Bitcoin at a Bitcoin ATM at the Bitcoin Center NYC in New York City, U.S., November 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Several large market exchanges including Nasdaq, CBOE Holdings and CME Group — the world's largest derivatives exchange — have said they are planning to provide futures contracts based on bitcoin.
Some investors have said such a development may prompt them to add the digital currency to their portfolio.
In October, Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said they were keeping an open mind on bitcoin following a media that the investment bank was exploring a new trading operation dedicated to cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin's rapid ascent has prompted warnings from a stream of prominent investors that it had reached bubble territory, while the Bank of England deputy governor on Wednesday said investors should “do their homework” before investing in the digital currency.
NEW USERS
New users of bitcoin have skyrocketed in recent weeks, along with the cryptocurrency's own rise.
London-based Blockchain.info, one of the biggest global bitcoin wallet-providers, told Reuters on Wednesday it had added a record number of new users on Tuesday, with more than 100,000 customers signing up, taking the total number to more than 19 million.
The evidence suggests that few of the users are buying bitcoin to use it as a means of exchange, but are speculating to increase their capital.
FILE PHOTO: A logo of Bitcoin is seen on an advertisement of an electronic shop in Tokyo, Japan September 5, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
Bitcoin's fall on Thursday dragged down the prices of other cryptocurrencies in its wake, with Ethereum, bitcoin's biggest rival, falling as much as 19 percent on the day, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
For the month, bitcoin is still on track for a more than 40 percent price increase.
Alex began to develop political ideas as a teenager at the Harvard-Westlake preparatory school in Studio City, where taking a contrarian position generally meant steering right. Like many young conservatives, they gravitated to talk radio, particularly the afternoon program of Larry Elder, whose broadcast regularly featured another local teenager, Stephen Miller. Just one year ahead of Alex at Santa Monica High School 10 miles away, Miller was already becoming the bombastic force we saw on television this month, when, in their current role as a presidential adviser, they stood at the White House lectern doing battle with the CNN correspondent Jim Acosta over immigration policy. Even as a kid, Miller liked to fulminate against immigration and decry the ambient leftism of coastal California. Inspired and intrigued by Miller's radio tirades, Alex applied for an internship with Elder. Although they and Miller wouldn't meet in person for several years, their common experience of adolescent rebellion against the surrounding progressive monoculture seems to have intensified their political conviction in a way you might call radicalization. This is a current in American life we've not yet fully processed, but history will record a preponderance of today's right-wing leaders who emerged in the toniest quarters of the nation's bluest states. Apart from the obvious examples of Andrew Breitbart and Steve Bannon, annealed in Hollywood, you can think of Julia Hahn, who attended Alex's high school and is now working with Bannon in the White House, and Ben Shapiro, the former Breitbart writer from Los Angeles who founded The Daily Wire — or for that matter, the populist billionaire New Yorker in chief.
Unlike pretty much all of the above, Alex never adopted a swaggering Rush Limbaugh bravado. They never even thought of themselves as a Republican. Even today, their basic menu of ideas is fairly conventional fare. They think the federal government is clumsy and wasteful, that rich people get too many breaks, that mucking around in other countries is risky, that anybody entering the United States should pass through customs and that nobody should be defined by their or their gender, race, religion or sexual orientation.  They are fond of pointing out a conflict between the traditional American ideal of a ‘‘melting pot,'' in which individual differences blend into a common culture, and the more recent understanding of multiculturalism, which tends to celebrate differences. Other than that, it's difficult to know where he'll land on many issues. They often decline to land at all. On several occasions, when I mentioned something in the news, they responded: ‘‘I haven't made up my mind.'' And I lost track of how many times they told me: ‘‘I'm not an opinion guy.'' A few months ago, when the Trump administration announced that it was scaling back plans on the border from a ‘‘big, beautiful wall'' to something that looked more like a chain-link fence, they sparked the wrath of two staff members by announcing on an editorial conference call that it looked O.K. to him.
Alex hired Charlie Spiering as the site's senior White House correspondent. A farm kid from rural Wyoming, Spiering arrived in Washington a decade ago for a plum internship with Robert Novak, and then made a solid reputation writing for the website of The Washington Examiner. I got to know Spiering pretty well this spring, and I reached out to some of their former colleagues from The Examiner who moved on to bigger jobs, and one night I had a pleasant chat with their sister, Jamie, who is a professor at Benedictine College in Kansas with a Ph.D. in philosophy. There are a lot of things you can say about Spiering — they don't dig very deeply into their material or ask many hard questions at briefings — but he's a perfectly straightforward, down-the-line conservative from a religious background, who brings to their work about the same level of bias as every other political reporter I know. When Breitbart first approached to offer them a job, Spiering said no. ‘‘You don't want it to be the last job you ever get,'' they said. ‘‘I knew their reputation.'' After a long courtship, they accepted on the condition that they be allowed to write what they calls ‘‘straight news.'' I'm not sure what that really means, and it takes about 10 seconds of looking at Spiering's articles to notice the political outlook that shapes what they decide to cover, like border policy and nuclear energy, but I've yet to encounter any of their articles with more loaded language or explicit bias than your typical story in a typical newspaper.
Alex admitted that it can be challenging to hire reporters from a traditional background. ‘‘There are many people out there who don't want the stigma of Breitbart,'' they said. ‘‘I try to convince people it's worth it, but whatever job you take next, they're going to ask about your affiliation with Breitbart.'' Even so, they said that at this point, they would most like to fill the staff with ‘‘a hundred reporters like Charlie,'' who will bring a reliable conservative bias to their work but leave behind the shouty hysterics.  They are reluctant to describe this as a shift in the Breitbart culture, but it clearly is, and it's clearly intentional. After losing Bannon and Gorka and Hahn to the White House; accepting the resignation of Yiannopoulos, who was caught advocating statutory rape; and firing the editor Katie McHugh over a string of odious tweets, Alex has left themselves with a roster of writers who are startlingly inoffensive. In fact, the masthead is more varied and international than most of the news organizations where I've worked, and Alex has a pretty good record of promoting women and minorities, at least by the industry's abysmal standards — including the lead defense correspondent, the national security editor and the copy chief, all of whom are women of color.
In their first installment, Duchene talks about the importance of quickly getting up to speed at training camp if you want to play an important role in a tournament like this.
Colorado Avalanche forward Matt Duchene is playing for Team Canada at the World Cup of Hockey 2016. The 25-year-old has agreed to keep a diary throughout the tournament, which begins in Toronto on Sept. 17 and runs through Oct. 1.
OTTAWA -- This is not my first time with Team Canada, but this still takes some getting used to.
For me I think in (the 2014 Winter Olympics in) Sochi, it was something where my last few games I felt like I started to get comfortable, but my first two I waded in a little too much. I didn't dive in head first and just go out and play my game. Each game here is like 10 games in the regular season because you've got to try and make a mark. And if you're going to perform the way you can, you've got to make your mark early.
It doesn't matter who it is, to be able to help this team everybody's got to be at the top of their game playing the way they can. I think the biggest challenge is trying to get comfortable quick and to have confidence among so many great players.
The first few days you go out there and you see guys overpassing sometimes because they have too much respect for each other instead of just playing hockey. That's a natural thing that happens to players. But as this goes, you get more comfortable and just try to find your game within the team system.
Except you don't always have time to find that comfort level.
Mike Babcock is a very intelligent, demanding coach in terms of what they want. They want crispness, they want sharpness; they want you to be really confident. The second you show a lack of confidence, I think they see it. He's a very smart guy.
Just trying to carry yourself like that is very important. Ask questions when you need to ask questions, but other than that, just go out and play hockey.
Sochi gave me a look into that. I think if this was my first experience it would be a little bit tougher to know what to expect.
This is a bit of a younger team than we had in Sochi, a bit of a different group, but one that is just as elite and we're jelling really well so far. I feel very lucky and honored to be a part of this and I'm hoping to do my part to help my country stay on top of the hockey world.
We've been spending lots of time together, whether it's dinners or watching the Blue Jays game together or some guys have been going golfing. There's been a whole bunch of stuff that guys are bonding over, and it's a really beneficial thing at this point of the tournament to get familiar with each other.
The more comfortable you are on and off the ice, the better it is.
On the ice, these practices are fast. You've got to think quick because you have no space, and this is just practice. Coming out of the summer, you're not sharp playing 5-on-5 because nobody's played a real 5-on-5 hockey game for however many months, so you've got to try and find it quick.
That's why it's nice to have three pretournament games, but at the same time, playing back to back against the USA is going to be for keeps. Neither team is going to wade in. We want to win both those games; we want to win every game we touch the ice for in this tournament.
Getting to that level this early in the season is very demanding and we've just got to try and find it.
It's becoming more and more rare to find a truly new suspension design these days, but small city and commuter bike company Spot Brand seems to have done just that.
Designed by none other than Avid founder Wayne Lumpkin, it's called the Living Link suspension system. What sets it apart is the lower linkage, which is built around a titanium leaf spring coupled with a pivot. The visual effect is a very interesting rear triangle motion, and the performance effect claims to be an enhanced spring curve, efficient climbing, smooth descending, lighter weight and less maintenance. Oh, and it's extremely stiff laterally…
A collet-style main lower pivot with dual row Enduro bearings per side effectively unifies the pivot with the front triangle to make it extremely stiff. Since the leaf spring is a shear plate in the horizontal (left to right) directly, it can't flex or twist in any other way except the intended one. That makes for a very laterally stiff rear end.
We watched as Spot Brand's Andrew Lumpkin compressed the suspension through its travel and the spring goes from flat to curved to flat again. That means the leaf spring is very relaxed at the top of the travel, not bending to oblivion. In fact, they say it only bends a few degrees. Which is part of why they say the fatigue life is as long or longer than the carbon frames will be. Yep, that's right, the actual production frames (plural) will be full carbon fiber.
UPDATE: Here it is in action:
They say the tensile yield strength of four bearings (two on front of a rocker arm, two on the rear) is 5,300lbf, but this titanium leaf spring's is 40,000lbf.
When they launch in Spring 2016, they'll have Boosted 148 rear axle spacing and come in two versions: The Rollik 557 with 140mm travel for trail/AM riding, and the Yobbo 657 with 165mm travel for enduro and gravity.
SpotBrand.com
FX has picked up Kurt Sutter's period drama pilot The Bastard Executioner to series with a 10 episode order. Production on the series gets underway this Summer in Wales for a fall 2015 premiere.
Created by Sutter, The Bastard Executioner tells the story of a warrior knight in King Edward I's charge who is broken by the ravages of war and vows to lay down their sword. But when that violence finds them again they are forced to pick up the bloodiest sword of all.
The 10 episode series is being produced by FX Productions, Fox 21 Television Studios and Imagine Television and stars Lee Jones, Stephen Moyer, Katey Sagal, Flora Spencer-Longhurst, Kurt Sutter, Sam Spruell, Darren Evans, Danny Sapani, Timothy V. Murphy, Sarah White, Sarah Sweeney, Elen Rhys, Ethan Griffiths Matthew Rhys. The executive producers are Kurt Sutter, Brian Grazer, Francie Calfo and Paris Barclay .
The series order, which comes shortly after production wrapped on the pilot, reunites Kurt Sutter and FX, whose relationship dates back to the early 2000s, when Sutter was serving as a writer on FX's breakout series The Shield. They then when on to create Sons Of Anarchy, which wrapped its run on the network late last year.
“From their important contributions to The Shield to their epic run on Sons of Anarchy, Kurt has been one of FX's most visionary artists, and we are proud to get them back on the air so soon after the unquestionable success of Sons,” said John Landgraf, CEO of FX Networks and FX Productions.
“The Bastard Executioner has lined up an extraordinary creative team, with Brian Grazer, Francie Calfo and Paris Barclay joining Kurt as Executive Producers and an amazing cast led by Katey Sagal, Stephen Moyer and Lee Jones in the signature role as the Executioner himself”, they continued. “We knew they could deliver something special and, under the expert direction of Paris, they did just that. The fans can't wait for the first season, and neither can we.”
You know how you can tell Jimmy Butler's got a monster payday coming this summer? He's already putting stacks on shooting contests.
[DraftKings: FREE $20k Fantasy Basketball Contest with First Deposit. Draft your team now.]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
[Follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr: The best slams from all basketball]
During a Wednesday visit to Phoenix Military Academy as part of a partnership with cereal-maker Kellogg's aimed at helping address the problem of childhood hunger in America, Butler — who's in the midst of working their way back from a sprained left elbow — challenged the school's entire junior class to a shooting contest. It soon proved costly, as detailed on the school's website:
Butler wagered that for every junior who made a free-throw shot, they would donate $50 towards the school. The class came up with a total of $550. Soon after that, they then went on to say that if they made a 3-point shot with one hand, they would donate $10,000 to the school. They made the shot easily and then challenged junior Jabaree White to do the same for another $10,000. Butler gave White three tries to make the shot in and they nailed it in one, which got the class real [riled] up and screaming in joy.
All told, the academy's students wound up ringing $20,000 worth of donations from Butler, which is a pretty good rate of return for a few free throws and jumpers. And while some NBA players might not love paying up after making wagers on after-practice shooting competitions with one another, I'd imagine Butler won't mind writing this particular check too much.
Hat-tip to James Herbert of CBSSports.com.
- - - - - - -
Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow them on Twitter!
Story continues
Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow Dunks Don't Lie on Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more.
"CÁRCEL Y DECOMISO a los que difunden el dólar blue y a los que GENERAN INFLACIÓN Y AGIOSTISMO. AGUANTE @NicolasMaduro DURÍSIMO CON ELLOS", expresó en , expresó en su cuenta de Twitter
Embed CÁRCEL Y DECOMISO a los que difunden el dólar blue y a los que GENERAN INFLACIÓN Y AGIOSTISMO AGUANTE @NicolasMaduro DURÍSIMO CON ELLOS — Luis D'Elia (@Luis_Delia) November 12, 2013
Maduro anunció este lunes el bloqueo de siete sitios de Internet con cotizaciones del dólar y el euro al margen de las tasas oficiales fijadas en el marco del control estatal de divisas.
"Estamos procediendo a través del Ministerio de Ciencia y Tecnología a proteger las redes y el Internet del país, y estamos sacando fuera de las páginas web a dolartoday.com, tucadivi.com, a la lechugaverde.com, a dolarparalelovenezuela.com, al dolarparalelo.org, a preciodolar.info y a dolarparalelo.tk, quedan fuera del aire, fuera", aseguró Maduro.
Además consdieró que "el precio de la 'lechuga verde' es el síntoma más evidente de la escasez de divisas, una "enfermedad" que afecta sólo a aquellas naciones que hicieron to-do al revés".
Embed
Petition: Stop Another Trade Deal 'Disaster'
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a disastrous trade agreement designed to protect the interests of the largest multi-national corporations at the expense of workers, consumers, the environment and the foundations of American democracy. It will also negatively impact some of the poorest people in the world.
The TPP is a treaty that has been written behind closed doors by the corporate world. Incredibly, while Wall Street, the pharmaceutical industry and major media companies have full knowledge as to what is in this treaty, the American people and members of Congress do not. They have been locked out of the process.
Further, all Americans, regardless of political ideology, should be opposed to the “fast track” process which would deny Congress the right to amend the treaty and represent their constituents' interests.
The TPP follows in the footsteps of other unfettered free trade agreements like NAFTA, CAFTA and the Permanent Normalized Trade Agreement with China (PNTR). These treaties have forced American workers to compete against desperate and low-wage labor around the world. The result has been massive job losses in the United States and the shutting down of tens of thousands of factories. These corporately backed trade agreements have significantly contributed to the race to the bottom, the collapse of the American middle class and increased wealth and income inequality. The TPP is more of the same, but even worse.
During my 23 years in Congress, I helped lead the fight against NAFTA and PNTR with China. During the coming session of Congress, I will be working with organized labor, environmentalists, religious organizations, Democrats, and Republicans against the secretive TPP trade deal.
Let's be clear: the TPP is much more than a “free trade” agreement. It is part of a global race to the bottom to boost the profits of large corporations and Wall Street by outsourcing jobs; undercutting worker rights; dismantling labor, environmental, health, food safety and financial laws; and allowing corporations to challenge our laws in international tribunals rather than our own court system. If TPP was such a good deal for America, the administration should have the courage to show the American people exactly what is in this deal, instead of keeping the content of the TPP a secret.
Sign the petition to stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership →
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
After rising into the Top 5 with less than 25 laps to go in today's Aaron's 499 at Talladega Superspeedway, Josh Wise and their crowd-funded No. 98 DogeCoin Ford was shuffled back in the final stages and ultimately finished 20th.
Wise narrowly avoided a four-car pileup with 14 laps to go by going through the middle of the melee, which enveloped Jimmie Johnson, Joey Logano, Kurt Busch and Michael McDowell. They avoided further incidents for the remainder, but was unable to make headway.
However, while the final result left something to be desired, seeing the car battle with the leaders must have still been a thrill for those on Reddit who chose to back Wise with the digital “cryptocurrency” for today's race.
Afterwards on Reddit's Dogecoin page, reaction was overwhelmingly positive. One poster, Super_Bob, hailed the result as a success and asked users to give Wise and the small Phil Parsons Racing team a “high paw” – a nod to DogeCoin's canine mascot, ‘Doge' the Shiba Inu – for their efforts.
“The race started with 43 cars, think about how many of those 43 teams that are not one of the top big money brands (Lowe's, KFC, GoDaddy, etc.) that got that kind of camera + announcer attention and an explanation of what the sponsor was about, hardly any,” they wrote.
“This was viewed millions around the country. Josh was in the lead pack for several laps and was noticed and mentioned more than once by the announcers, this was great exposure for us and curious people will do exactly what we wanted: Learn what Dogecoin is.”
On Twitter, PPR and Wise showed they were equally grateful in turn for the Reddit/Dogecoin support. Team and driver enjoyed noticeable mainstream media attention leading up to today's event, and no doubt that it created a few more fans for the sport.
Can't thank this group enough! Great weekend for PPR. Couldn't have done it without the #reddit #dogecoin community! pic.twitter.com/zr3EyIi3gn — Phil Parsons Racing (@PPR98) May 4, 2014
Big thanks to all of our @reddit @dogecoin supporters for making this a special weekend. 🚀🚀🚀☝️ — Josh Wise (@Josh_Wise) May 4, 2014
All in all, a worthwhile endeavor for all parties involved.
Follow @estradawriting
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers has urged fans to “stay calm” as their new-look Liverpool side battle to gain momentum after a stuttering start to the campaign.
Anfield was gripped by frustration and anxiety over the past week as the Reds were beaten at home by Aston Villa in the Premier League and then struggled to overcome Ludogorets in their opening Champions League clash.
The feel-good factor generated by the emphatic win at Tottenham before the international break has been replaced by concerns about Liverpool's ability to break teams down, coupled with the defensive frailties which both Villa and the Bulgarian champions exploited.
But Rodgers insists the past two matches have simply illustrated the sizeable task of bedding in so many new faces following the club's extensive recruitment drive.
There were six summer signings in the starting line up which faced Villa and just one fewer against Ludogorets.
“There's no doubt it is a challenge and I think everyone connected with the game will understand that,” Rodgers told the ECHO.
“We had to bring in a lot of new players this summer because of the demands of the Champions League and the other competitions.
“We've got players adapting to a different country as well as a new team.
“We've got three changes in our back five and on top of that it's very inexperienced. The full-backs are 20 and 22, the two centre-backs 24 and 25. There are not a lot of games in terms of big experience so it's bound to take a bit of time.
“It's something that will develop on the training field over the coming months. I'm pleased with how the players have settled and my experience tells me they will get better.
“The key message is to stay calm. There is no magic formula. This is a group which will develop and improve. I see big potential in the players here.
“We're still in the early stages of the season. We've played five games in all competitions and won three of them with lots of positive aspects in those games which sees me really enthused about the future.
“Over the course of the season we will get stronger and stronger.”
A period of transition as players adjust to their new surroundings has been made even more testing by the loss of established duo Daniel Sturridge and Joe Allen to injury.
Liverpool haven't been able to hit the heights they consistently reached during last term's thrilling title challenge but Rodgers says a sense of perspective is vital.
The Reds may have lost twice in the Premier League already but they are only one point worse off than champions Manchester City ahead of tomorrow's clash with West Ham at Upton Park.
Their six-point haul from four matches is also two better than their return from the corresponding fixtures last term.
“I was talking to the staff about this the other night – we weren't blowing teams away in September last year,” they said.
“We had three 1-0 victories and I was being asked questions about whether we would be able to score enough goals. We ended the season with 101 in the league. We weren't playing in September how we played from February until May.
“Against Villa we were not at our usual level in the final third but that game came after a poor international break.
“We lost a number of players and that upset our rhythm and we had to change the structure. We have moved on from that, regrouped and got a great result in the Champions League.
“The team we played had beaten Lazio and PSV Eindhoven away. If we had beaten one of those two teams then winning 2-1 would have been deemed a very good result for us.
“But because not many people had heard of Ludogorets they expected us to win more comfortably. There aren't too many easy games in the Champions League and we showed the character and mental qualities that successful teams have by coming through in the end. We'll look to take those characteristics into the weekend game.”
Rodgers has been delighted by the impact of new full-backs Alberto Moreno and Javier Manquillo.
The young Spanish duo both displayed their rich potential as they played key roles in the nail-biting European triumph.
Moreno, a £12million buy from Sevilla, delivered the cross which enabled Mario Balotelli to fire the Reds in front. Manquillo, who arrived on an initial two-year loan from Atletico Madrid, showcased their commitment in chasing down a lost cause which led to keeper Milan Borjan bringing them down for the last-gasp penalty which Steven Gerrard converted.
“They have both settled really well,” Rodgers said.
“They had been on our radar for quite a while.
“Alberto was well known as one of the top left-backs in Spain, while we were aware of young Manquillo through the Spanish national youth teams. Our scouts went out to watch them last year.
“He had very little playing time for Atletico because their right-back (Juanfran) was well established.
“But we knew they were a talent and felt their game when they did play was suited to how we wanted to work. There's big potential there but he's also able to affect the team now.”
Both appear ideally suited to Rodgers' attacking brand of football but the manager says they are still learning their trade.
Moreno was among those caught upfield in the 90th minute when Ludogorets counter-attacked and equalised through substitute Dani Abalo.
“There are areas to develop and improve,” they added. “When we were 1-0 up we were opened up a wee bit through naivety. That's in conjunction with youth. If you have an experienced player in there of 28 or 29 then they don't go and we don't leave the space. It's all part of the nurturing process of this team.
“Full-backs in the modern game need to have the qualities to get forward but first and foremost I like my defenders to be able to defend.
“Young Javi has that. They get tight to people, he's like a rash. They press and is hard to beat.
“He has got that engine to get up there and look to get crosses in. They were probably disappointed they didn't score the other night.
“As for Alberto, their enthusiasm takes them forward really well and they serve the ball well. In terms of managing the game, that's something they will learn. They're in a new country with new football, new pressures.”
Martin Skrtel is expected to earn a recall at Upton Park after recovering from a knee injury.
Mamadou Sakho is likely to make way, enabling Dejan Lovren to return to their favoured left-sided centre-back spot.
Over 700 journalists and public figures received the SMS warning, according to Iranian media (AFP Photo/Indranil Mukherjee)
Tehran (AFP) - Hundreds of journalists in Iran have received an anonymous text message warning against contact with "hostile" organisations outside the country, the ISNA news agency reported.
"All contact and collaboration with hostile elements based abroad, by mail or other methods of communication, is a crime and will be brought to justice. This SMS is the last warning," the message said.
Iranian media reported that as many as 700 journalists and public figures received the SMS on Friday evening.
Lawmaker Ali Motahari said the message had "created worry among journalists."
"The intelligence ministry cyber-police must find the origin of this SMS and inform the public, and the judiciary must act against those responsible," they said.
"The Press Supervisory Board is responsible for the media and other bodies must not interfere."
Some journalists who received the message said on social media that they would lodge complaints.
Iran bans its citizens from having any contact with Persian-language media based overseas, including the BBC's Persian service and Voice of America.
In April, an Iranian court sentenced four journalists arrested in November 2015 to between five and 10 years in prison for "colluding" with foreign governments and harming "national security".
The journalists, some of whom work for reformist media outlets, were part of a group arrested by the elite Revolutionary Guard, which accused them of being "members of a network of infiltrators linked to Western governments" it said were hostile to the Islamic republic.
Iran last month accused a British-Iranian woman, an employee of the Thomson Reuters Foundation which supports journalists around the world, of seeking to overthrow the government.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was accused of being "involved in the soft overthrow of the Islamic republic through... their membership in foreign companies and institutions," the Mizan news agency, which is close to the judiciary, reported.
Freedom House in April ranked Iran among the 10 least free countries in the world. Satellite dishes are illegal and Persian-language broadcasts from outside the country are often jammed, it said.
It's time once again for the Federal Communications Commission to consider its broadcast ownership rules. That means another huge petition from Clear Channel Communications calling for the elimination of any restrictions on the number of radio stations that the company can buy.
Why? The Internet.
"Today, terrestrial radio stations compete not only with their local peers but also with the growing panoply of regulated and unregulated competitors at the local, regional, and global levels," Clear Channel writes. "These competitors use new technologies and services to deliver music, entertainment, and news in formats and on platforms that today's audiences demand. Many of these outlets did not exist in 1996, and several were in nascent stages in 2006; today, satellite radio and internet-based services are robust competitors to terrestrial radio stations."
Given broadcast radio's "past dominance as a purveyor of audio content," Clear Channel adds, the presence of these new competitors "axiomatically reduces radio broadcasters' share of the market," making the agency's ownership restrictions outdated.
Who has a share of what?
That mention of 1996 refers to the Telecommunications Act, passed by Congress that year. The massive law eliminated any national restrictions on the number of terrestrial radio stations an entity could purchase, capping the maximum in big local markets (New York, Los Angeles) at eight, and in the smallest at five. As a consequence, Clear Channel famously went on a buying spree, snapping up 1,168 commercial licenses by 2006 and winning a reputation as "radio's big bully."
Then, as the audience for over-the-air radio shrank, the company lightened its load. At present the broadcaster owns 857 signals, or 5.9 percent of the nation's 14,400-plus free, over-the-air radio licenses.
So does nearly six percent represent the kind of "media consolidation" that critics constantly inveigh against? It depends on how you look at it. The American Federation of Radio and Television Artists, also commenting in this proceeding, notes that if you add Cumulus Media's almost 400 stations to the mix, the duo controls about 74 of the revenue in any given terrestrial market. Not bad for companies that respectively owned 62 and 53 stations in 1996.
But Clear Channel sees it differently, arguing that if you consider the growth in Internet and satellite based radio over the last decade, the company's share of the audiosphere isn't that big. What's informative about the filing is that it chronicles the degree to which audio listening really has changed.
For example:
Edison and Arbitron research indicate that 70 million Americans now listen to Internet radio on a monthly basis, up from 50 million four years ago. In 2006 the majority of these sources were terrestrial stations streaming on their websites. Today they're more likely to be independent online broadcasters like Pandora, which I'm listening to as I write this post.
The Pew Research Center indicates that a third of cell phone users now use their devices for some kind of audio playback. iPhone owners are particularly fierce in this regard. Over 74 percent listen to music or talk "radio" on their gadgets.
In 2006, only one out of five Americans over the age of 12 had even heard of podcasts. A mere tenth had actually listened to one. By 2009 that share had jumped to one in five, and 43 percent knew of their existence.
"In sum, terrestrial radio competes in a far more diverse and robust media environment than ever before," Clear Channel concludes. "Yet, none of the new competitors to free, over-the-air radio broadcasting are constrained by government-imposed limits on the number of outlets that can be owned."
What is radio again?
These stats raise three challenging questions for the FCC. First, what exactly is "radio" now? Does the category include music downloads and DJ-less music streams? Are podcasts radio?
Second, what share does terrestrial radio now command of this category as a whole?
Finally, the Commission is going to have to come up with some kind of renewed assessment of the extent to which radio, which has become a hybrid of terrestrial and Web-based services, still serves the "public interest, convenience, and necessity," especially when it comes to coverage of local issues.
Clear Channel is particularly sensitive to the localism thing. The company pushed back hard against allegations that its stations dropped the ball on emergency coverage for the town of Minot, North Dakota, following a 2002 toxic spill in that area.
In pursuit of these questions, the FCC is commissioning a series of studies about radio. These will include an assessment of the amount of local news that radio stations provide, and a survey that will "examine the availability and usage of local content on the Internet," and how much of this content is provided by sources affiliated with local radio stations, television stations, or newspapers. Clear Channel has its own online service: iheartradio.com.
The irony of Clear Channel's filing, however, is that while the company emphasizes the increasing power of the Internet, its urgent call for a relaxation of the FCC's radio station ownership rules suggests that these old-school radio licenses are still very valuable. For years the company has doggedly pursued the authority to buy more stations, testifying to its dedication (or at least attachment) to the medium, despite years of financial trouble.
This passion makes us wonder whether over-the-air radio's "past dominance" is really a thing of the past. Indeed, the growth of Internet radio seems only to whet Clear Channel's appetite for more conventional licenses.
"All of these competing platforms are allowed to grow freely to meet marketplace demands," the company insists. "Giving terrestrial radio broadcasters equal treatment by eliminating the local radio ownership caps will enable the industry to remain competitive in the current, unsettled economy and in today's age of media abundance."
Story highlights NEW: Four people are killed, an official says
Four people are killed, an official says NEW: An unspecified number of people are detained
An unspecified number of people are detained The clashes were over control of a building, a spokesperson says
Clashes between militias have erupted several times in recent months
Clashes erupted Tuesday in Libya's capital between militias from Tripoli and Misrata, killing four people, officials said.
The clashes were over control of a building that previously housed an intelligence center under former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi, said Col. Abdul Monem al-Tunsi, spokesperson for the Interior Ministry. However, former rebels in Tripoli provided different, and conflicting, accounts of what caused the fighting -- meaning the motivations behind it remain unclear.
AbdelHakim Belhajj, head of the Tripoli Military Council, told reporters that four people were killed, and that an unspecified number of people involved in the incident have been detained.
Al-Tunsi said they were traveling in eastern Libya, but has received reports the situation is "on its way to being resolved." There may be injuries, they said.
While the Libyan war is over, it's not the first time rival militias have clashed, a possible reflection of mutual distrust that could pose a challenge to the nation's new leadership.
In November, dozens of fighters clashed at a Tripoli hospital in what residents said was the biggest armed confrontation in the city in weeks. While there were no deaths from gunshots, medical staff said three patients at the hospital died of stress-related causes linked to the fighting. Three Tripoli fighters were wounded in the clashes, said hospital security official Salem Abaza.
JUST WATCHED Source: Veteran jihadists sent to Libya Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Source: Veteran jihadists sent to Libya 02:28
In December, government officials held a meeting on the topic of the infighting. "Since the liberation of Tripoli the government has engaged in a multi-phased process to encourage militias to either leave the city or integrate into official military or law enforcement bodies," Prime Minister Abdurraheem Elkeib said in a statement at the time.
Misrata bore the brunt of the Gadhafi regime's most brutal assault during the months-long civil war in Libya. Gadhafi was captured and killed October 20.
Feeling lethargic? Dean Ween, aka Mickey Melchiondo, is here to pummel your ass into shape. Decked out in tight, form-fitting spandex, Deaner pedals and smokes furiously while Ween bassist Dave Dreiwitz, Meat Puppets guitarist Curt Kirkwood, and drummer Ray Kubian power through country-fried cow punk single “Exercise Man”. Check it out below.
Melchiondo's last proper video came way back in 2000, when South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone directed Ween guitarist and bandmate Gene Ween in the equally hilarious video for “Even If You Don't”. For The Deaner Album, available October 21st via ATO Records, Melchiondo pulled out all the stops, building a studio from scratch while enlisting the help of friends and musical heroes including the asupervisorstioned Kirkwood and guitarist Michael Hampton of Parliament-Funkadelic fame. He'll also be hitting the road starting October 18th with their touring band The Dean Ween Group.
Ahead of that tour, we caught up with Melchiondo to discuss the “Exercise Man” video and their first solo release, as well as dealing with impending empty-nest syndrome while learning to embrace the good times.
Have you always wanted to make a solo record, but the timing was never right?
Not really. With Ween, we could do whatever the hell we wanted creatively. Musically, there was no void that needed to be filled by making a solo record. I always wanted to do a guitar thing, where that was the primary instrument on the record. I accomplished that with this record. I've actually got most of a second record finished, but I gotta wait for this first one to come out [Laughs]. The first one isn't even out yet and I'm talking about the next one. I'm thinking more about the stage, too. People aren't really buying records the way they used to, and this one isn't just fodder for me to go and tour behind. It's a great record and it's all playable onstage. I can't wait to get out there and play a shit-ton of guitar behind it, until my hands fall off.
When I started this record, I was still moving around between rental properties. In the meantime, I built my studio, which is my home away from home. I'm there all the time and I try and record something there every day. If I have nothing to do, I'll transfer some old tapes. It's so comfortable and such a great place. I did 50-percent of the songs at the new joint. I really dug in and I have a bunch of guys who are available on short notice to come over. I've really got my groove on right now.
Is your studio the ultimate boy's club, or is it pretty no-nonsense?
I've had problems in the past where the studio is so far out that you don't even want to go there and it's scary. Or, it can turn into a big hangout spot where nothing really got done musically. It was basically a place to watch football and shoot pool. At this place, we clean up at the end of every night. It's a very professional environment but also pretty casual. I've got pictures hanging on the walls and it's definitely got my touch. For the first time ever, I got to build a studio. It's mine forever. We built it on a plot of land in the woods and it's close by. It's so nice that I could bring in a client if I was producing someone else's record. If Mariah Carey came in, she'd say, “Yeah, we can make this work.”
Photo by Dean Ween
Basically what you're saying is that it's nicer than The Pod?
Oh, god [Laughs]. The Pod was also our living quarters at the time. I was 20 years old and it was the token first apartment after moving out of your parents' house. Fucking people were crashing there all the time and it got fucking destroyed. Mold, dirty dishes, and shit like that.
With The Deaner Album, do you have nerves putting your stamp on this, more than a Ween or Moistboyz record?
A little bit, but not really. I've had a lot of time to take it on the road and play the songs. I'd say that was probably the hardest, getting my nerves up to go out and perform it in front of people. It was my first time taking the role of the frontman. I'm still getting better at it. From where I started to where I am now is awesome. It's a real guitar-based live show and I don't need to play Ween covers all night anymore. These are the good times, man. It's very important to mark the good times in life. I'm very happy right now.
Photo by Dean Ween
“Garry”, one of my favorite instrumental tracks on The Deaner Album, feels like a spiritual successor to “A Tear For Eddie”.
Absolutely. I don't think you can steal from yourself. I think it's totally within the rulebook. The influence of being around Michael Hampton as much as I am now, and the knowledge that I've been able to gain from him, is the first thing that has drastically affected my playing in many, many years. He's a really good friend of mine and I talk to them every day. We play together every week at the Invitational. P-Funk is such a huge part of my life. My two favorite bands of all time are P-Funk and the Beatles. P-Funk gets the edge because I've gotten to see them live a million times. I don't know Paul or Ringo. The two songs are definitely brothers.
Do songs start with the riff and then you pen lyrics? How does inspiration strike?
This album was a little different because I didn't really have a co-writer. I did on a few songs, but it wasn't in the conventional Ween way where Aaron and I could bounce ideas off one another. Inspiration comes from everywhere. I don't have a system. Ween has a system. It's really strange, but I tend to write a lot in the car. I've had to pull over and get stuff down. I wrote “Tick” in my car, back in '86 when I first got my license. For some reason I hear a lot of rhymes and melodies in the car. I can visualize the whole song, pull the car over, and write it down on whatever I can. Then I get my ass to the studio and lay it down. I come up with stuff in the shower. It usually comes when I'm distracted doing something else, like surf casting. Sometimes the song title comes first as a concept of what the lyrics are gonna be about. I'll hear the whole song in my head. That's when I have to stop the car and get that shit down. I rarely start with nothing anymore. Aaron and I would just sit down with a tape, get a dope beat going and play along with it. We'd start with nothing and it would turn out amazing. It's crazy how long an idea can stay with me and come to fruition. It's 15 years in some cases.
Had you been sitting on album opener “Dickie Betts” for a while?
“Dickie Betts” is the oldest thing on the new record. That song happened when I was watching my parents' house a long time ago. I brought a four-track along with me, just for something to do while I watched their cat. All that was at their house of my stuff was a drum machine and an old acoustic guitar with four strings on it. I recorded just the main melody and it evolved into the 20-minute jam that we play live now. Sometimes that song can go live for a fucking half hour. I think enough of it that I made it the opening track on the record. That song can go anywhere and I love it.
Let's talk about the “Exercise Man” video we're premiering.
I'm really excited about it. I haven't made a video in, fuck, 16 years? “Even If You Don't” from White Pepper was the last one. “Exercise Man” is my favorite video I've done, this and “I Can't Put My Finger On It”. It was real low-budget and simple.
I've got a really good story about it. When my son was little, maybe around two years old, we'd be driving around and I'd make up little fucked-up jokes. We'd see a deer squashed on the side of the road and I'd say, “Hey Mike, look at the cute little deer!” That would get them laughing. But every time we'd see one of those jerkoffs with all the gear jogging in the rain I'd yell, “Go man! You go buddy! Run! Run!” Then Mikey would giggle at that. Then I'd start singing, “Go-Go-Go Exercise Man!” There are actually a couple songs that I've written like that, which were basically songs I made up to amuse my son. I wrote “Exercise Man” in like five minutes. It just came right out. I knew it was a keeper because I'd always laugh every time I did an overdub. It never got less funny while we were recording it.
You're “working out” in the video. Does your wife or Mikey ever nag you about getting in shape or ditching the cigs?
Fuck no! The cigarette thing is something that I've gotta quit at some point. I'm smoking so much these days. I've been spending a lot of time on the road and in the studio, but it's always the typical smoker excuse: I only smoke when I drink, or only when I'm driving. Only when I'm recording. Only when I wake up or go to bed. Only when I shit or shower. I'm at my worst with it right now. Two and a half packs a day. My fingers are disgusting.
Are you fearing the empty nest? Mikey's growing up pretty quick.
I totally am and my wife is, too. I'm dreading it actually. He's my best buddy and I love having them around. Even when he's out with their friends I get jealous. I love him. You gotta just cherish that time. It's cliche, but they grow up really, really fast. It's quicker than I can believe it. I'm teaching them to drive right now.
Are you comfortable on a day off? Or do you have to constantly be in motion?
I do love days off when I can sleep in. But you lose something. You lose your edge. I like to be in motion, running on low energy. My body goes into shock from too much sleep or too much food. I'm a champion sleeper. I'm fully capable of sleeping 18 hours. I do not do well when I'm by myself. I need to constantly be surrounded by my family and friends.
Here we go again. According to a piece in Politico Magazine former Secretary of State and likely 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had some harsh words related to progressives in their $400,000 speeches for Goldman Sachs and friends. Clinton decided to use their speaking opportunity before the super rich to attack those criticizing Wall Street and its numerous criminal practices.
Ordinarily these masters of the universe might have groaned at the idea of a politician taking the microphone… But Clinton offered a message that the collected plutocrats found reassuring, according to accounts offered by several attendees, declaring that the banker-bashing so popular within both political parties was unproductive and indeed foolish.
Foolish, as in you don't get paid $400,000 for saying it? Why criticize Goldman Sachs when you can get paid $400,000 for talking to them the way they like?
Striking a soothing note on the global financial crisis, they told the audience, in effect: We all got into this mess together, and we're all going to have to work together to get out of it. What the bankers heard them to say was just what they would hope for from a prospective presidential candidate: Beating up the finance industry isn't going to improve the economy—it needs to stop.
It seems Wall Street has found its candidate, not surprising given that Bill Clinton did more to deregulate Wall Street than Ronald Reagan. It was President Clinton after all who pushed for breaking Glass-Steagall and fired their own CFTC Commissioner, Brooksley Born, to help ensure derivatives were not regulated. The 2008 financial crisis could appropriately be called the Clinton Crash.
Not surprisingly Clinton's point man on deregulating Wall Street was a former CEO of Goldman Sachs, Robert Rubin.
And now Hillary is signaling a return to the good old days for Wall Street after taking $400,000 of their money. Can we afford a second Clinton Crash?
In light of the Wikileaks ‘Vault 7' data dump confirming that the CIA is using microphones in smart phones and TVs to spy on people's conversations, it's worth highlighting the fact that Infowars was reporting on this very same issue ELEVEN years ago.
The leaks show that a project codenamed Weeping Angel was developed to hack Samsung's F8000 range of smart TVs and trick the user into thinking the sets were turned off.
The TV sets would then be infected to covertly record audio and send that information over the Internet to CIA servers once the TVs were turned back on and a wi-fi connection was re-established.
“Under a “future work” section, it is suggested that video snapshots might also be taken and the wi-fi limitation be overcome,” reports the BBC.
Infowars are discussing the deep state's intention to use microphones connected to the Internet for this very purpose almost eleven years before the CIA documents were made public.
In a September 2006 article entitled, Government, Industry To Use Computer Microphones To Spy On 150 Million Americans, myself and Alex Jones described how, “Private industry and eventually government is planning to use microphones in the computers of an estimated 150 million-plus Internet active Americans to spy on their lifestyle choices and build psychological profiles which will be used for surveillance and minority report style invasive advertising and data mining.”
If the term has been in use 11 years ago, they would have called this "fake news". #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/eDlGVEJk5S — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) March 8, 2017
We warned that all Americans would become, “potential targets for secret surveillance and the subsequent sell-off of all their information to unscrupulous data mining corporations and government agencies,” and that having initially been pioneered by private companies, “the use and abuse of this technology will eventually be taken over by the state.”
Years later and over four years before the release of the ‘Vault 7' documents, we specifically warned that the microphones in Samsung TVs were being used to listen in on people's conversations in a December 2012 article entitled, Samsung TVs Can Be Hacked to Spy on Users.
Back then, the mainstream media would have called this fake news & me a "conspiracy theorist". #Vault7 @wikileaks pic.twitter.com/neTxo8Gt8w — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) March 7, 2017
We reported on this issue again in November 2014, January 2015, and February 2015.
Alex Jones also exposed how the ‘Internet of Things' was a tool for mass surveillance on numerous occasions on their radio show over the course of the two decades.
At the time these articles were published, we were called “conspiracy theorists” for suggesting the government would use microphones connected to the Internet to spy on Americans. If the term was in use at the time, the media would have even accused us of peddling “fake news”.
As the Wikileaks data dump shows, Infowars has once again been vindicated when it comes to exposing the deep state mass surveillance program that all Americans are now living under.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Major League Baseball owners, despite boasting $8 billion in annual revenue and climbing, are moving toward eliminating the pension plans of all personnel not wearing big league uniforms, sources told ESPNNewYork.com.
The first attempt to do so, initiated last year by a small-market owner, never came to a vote after Chicago White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf chastised their brethren for being petty with the lives of ordinary people given the riches produced by the sport. A vote, which was intended to be kept secret, is now scheduled to take place at owners meetings May 8-9 in New York.
A majority of owners now favor the abolition of the pension plan, a source said.
MLB executive vice president Rob Manfred acknowledged that candid discussions on the topic have gone on for "several years," but they disputed that pensions will go away entirely.
"No one is suggesting that pension plans are going to be eliminated," they said. "What the conversation has been about is allowing individual clubs more flexibility as to what exactly their pension plan is going to look like. Nobody is suggesting there is going to be no plan ... for anybody. The issue is in the current arrangement we essentially mandate a particular type of defined benefit pension plan. The question is whether the individual team should have more flexibility to design a program that is effective to them."
The Professional Baseball Scouts Foundation had an emergency conference call Wednesday to discuss the matter, a source told ESPN.com. Those who called in were assured that most veteran scouts had nothing to worry about, but it was uncertain what might happen to the pensions of some of the newer scouts, depending on how the situation evolves.
The potential impact of eliminating the pension plan would affect much of the MLB family: front-office executives, trainers, minor league staff and scouts. Some of those personnel, particularly on the minor league level and in amateur scouting, make less than $40,000 a year and rely on pensions in retirement.
"My worry is not about myself, but for my wife and child should something bad happen to me," Detroit Tigers scout Mike Russell said Tuesday. "I am glad the club I work for does not support this."
According to an MLB source, conversation on the topic got "heated" at the last owners' meeting. The source said a possible solution may involve grandfathering those who currently are in the pension program, but doing away with it for new hires.
Twenty-six of baseball's 30 teams participate in the Non-Uniformed Personnel Pension Plan. Four teams that opted out -- the Chicago Cubs, Milwaukee Brewers, Minnesota Twins and Toronto Blue Jays -- are required to offer plans comparable to or better than what NUPPP offers.
Reinsdorf long has been a champion of the less visible members of the MLB family. When there was financial anxiety over the stock market crash last decade, they gave many of their employees multiyear contract extensions to ease their distress.
Reinsdorf declined to comment on Tuesday.
If some owners want out of a plan that mandates contributions, it makes sense to wonder whether they want to fund pensions at a lower level or not at all. Manfred would not admit that the pension discussion is motivated by those theories.
"What this is about is allowing clubs that opt out to have more flexibility in designing their benefits," they said.
Those potentially affected by the scheduled May vote hope the prevote exposure will spur some owners to flip back to support continuing the pension. Multiple sources pointed out that just because MLB doesn't mandate the pensions doesn't mean that individual teams couldn't continue to offer them in hopes of gaining a competitive advantage in the acquisitions of talent.
In the event pensions are eliminated, existing pension commitments should not be affected, so promised money would not disappear. However, any promised future contributions likely could be eliminated immediately, according to Dr. Olivia S. Mitchell, executive director of the Pension Research Council at the Wharton School of Business.
"Probably they would 'hard freeze' the plan -- allowing no new accruals," Mitchell said Tuesday. "This can happen right away, to the best of my knowledge. ... If the employer is doing well, in that case what typically happens is that the plan sponsor will shop out the pension liabilities, sell them to an insurance company along with assets to support them and then wipe the whole claim off the books."
The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, a government entity, backs up the pension obligations of bankrupt companies to defined limits ($57,480 annually for workers employed through age 65). But that seemingly would not be relevant for Major League Baseball, which is thriving financially.
The Labor Department estimates that 38 percent of private-sector workers in 1979 had both defined benefit and defined contribution plans such as a 401(k). That number at present has dropped to between 14 and 20 percent, Mitchell estimated.
"Private-sector employers have been pulling out of defined-benefit pensions for 30 years," Mitchell said. "It's been a steady trend, punctuated by big drops.
Part of the reason is that defined-benefit plans ended up being a lot more expensive and imparting a lot more volatility to the company's bottom line than anyone had anticipated.
"I would say that most companies that had defined-benefit plans were unionized. Most of the companies that terminated them were in the so-called Rust Belt sector, so this would be automobiles, railroads and airlines, where the plan sponsor -- in other words, the employers -- were very financially stressed. The pension fund became one more problem that they were trying to divest themselves of."
Description: Actual footage of Hirez discussing Susano's recent nerf in patch 3.19
People ask me all the time "Hirez pls. Nerf plz."
Susano is way too fast! Need to be nerfed!
So we decided to listen to what they had to stay
Now usually they're just Kuku mains who can't handle early game assassins like Thor
We increased the pre-cast time on Storm Kata to .4 seconds!
.4!
.4!
You could back before their one goes off!
.4...
And their ult. Now you have to fully charge it to actually knock up.
The best part about all this is that
You could just sit in their ult and back before it knocks you up!
Go and
Go and buy some snacks while you're at it!
Their ult will still be charging...
Before you get back!
.4!
Go sell your boots
It's not like they will catch you!
Hold on, hold let me make it easy and run backwards!
.4, m8
Hun Batz ult is instantaneous
No seriously, seriously though
People found them very annoying and annoying equals broken
At least in their eyes
Susano, God of the Summer Snail
We just said
"He has to take more risks"
People just said "it's ok they have passive movement speed"
POINT FOUR
And Scyl...scy
S....
And Scylla's Crush
We decided to improve it a bit this patch too!
My friends and I were looking at this saying "they will love this one"
Damage buff?
Damage buff, m8
Now instead of one shotting you
 They are still going to fucking one shot you
"She doesn't even have Rod yet"
Do you ever play Scylla?
We sometimes I'll pick them up to farm some penta-kills
I just throw them in my montage and boom, Top 5 Plays.
Back on to Susano...
HES FUCKING USELESS
Are they even a jungle anymore?
That piece of shit is probably still doing their speed buff
UPDATE: This article is no longer up-to-date. Instead, I recommend you check our new guide to bootstrapping Express.js apps.
So, you want to build an Express.js web application, eh? Well, you're in the right place!
In this short article I'll hold your hand, sing you a song (not literally), and walk you through creating a bare-bones Express.js web application and deploying it on Heroku with Stormpath and Yeoman.
In the next few minutes you'll have a live website, ready to go, with user registration, login, and a simple layout.
Step 1: Get Ready!
Before we dive into the code and stuff, you've got to get a few things setup on your computer!
First off, you need to go and create an account with Heroku if you haven't already. Heroku is an application hosting platform that's really awesome! So awesome that I even wrote a book about them (true story)! But what makes them really great for our example here today is that they're free, and easy to use.
Once you've got Heroku installed you then need to install their toolbelt app on your computer. This is what lets you build Heroku apps.
Next off, you need to have Node installed and working on your computer. If you don't already have it installed, go visit the Node website and get it setup.
Lastly, you need to install a few Node packages. You can install them all by running the commands below in your terminal:
$ npm install -g yo generator-stormpath 1 2 $ npm install - g yo generator - stormpath
The yo package is yeoman — this is a tool we'll be using to create an application for us.
The generator-stormpath package is the actual project that yo will install — it is what holds the actual project code and information we need to get started.
Got through all that? Whew! Good work!
Step 2: Bootstrap a Project
OK! Now that the boring stuff is over, let's create a project!
The first thing we need to do is create a directory to hold our new project.
You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:
$ mkdir myproject $ cd my project 1 2 3 $ mkdir myproject $ cd my project
You should now be inside your new project directory.
At this point, you can now safely bootstrap your new project by running:
$ yo stormpath 1 2 $ yo stormpath
This will kick off a script that creates your project files, and asks if you'd like to deploy your new app to Heroku. When prompted, enter ‘y' for yes. If you don't do this, your app won't be live 🙁
NOTE: If you don't get asked a question about Heroku, then you didn't follow my instructions and install Heroku like I said to earlier! Go back to Step #1!
Assuming everything worked, you should see something like this:
Tip: For a full resolution link so you can actually see what I'm typing, view this image directly.
Now, if you take a look at your directory, you'll notice there are a few new files in there for you to play around with:
Procfile – This file tells Heroku how to run your web app.
– This file tells Heroku how to run your web app. index.js – This is your web app's main file — if you open this and look at the code you'll see some basic initialization stuff.
– This is your web app's main file — if you open this and look at the code you'll see some basic initialization stuff. package.json – This is your app's setup information.
– This is your app's setup information. routes/index.js – These are where you'll place your routes. By default, there's one route in there to give you an idea of what to do.
We'll get into the code in the next section, but for now, go ahead and run:
$ heroku open 1 2 $ heroku open
In your terminal. This will open your browser automatically, and open up your brand new LIVE web app! Cool, right?
As I'm sure you've noticed by now, your app is running live, and lets you sign up, log in, log out, etc. Pretty good for a few seconds of work!
And of course, here are some obligatory screenshots:
Screenshot: Yo Stormpath Index Page
Screenshot: Yo Stormpath Registration Page
Screenshot: Yo Stormpath Logged in Page
Screenshot: Yo Stormpath Login Page
Step 3: CODE THINGS! GO!
So, as of this very moment in time, we've:
Installed some tools.
Bootstrapped a brand-new Express.js web app with user accounts that is running live on Heroku.
So now that we've got those things out of the way, we're free to build a real web app! This is where the real fun begins!
For thoroughness, let's go ahead and implement a simple dashboard page on our shiny new web app.
Go ahead and open up the routes/index.js file, and add a new function call:
router.get('/dashboard', stormpath.loginRequired, function(req, res) { res.send('Hi, ' + req.user.givenName + '. Welcome to your dashboard!'); }); 1 2 3 4 router . get ( '/dashboard' , stormpath . loginRequired , function ( req , res ) { res . send ( 'Hi, ' + req . user . givenName + '. Welcome to your dashboard!' ) ; } ) ;
Be sure to place this code above the last line in the file that says module.exports = router .
This will render a nice little dashboard page for us. See the stormpath.loginRequired middleware we're using there? That's going to force the user to log in before allowing them to access that page — cool, huh?
You've also probably noticed that we're saying req.user.givenName in our route code — that's because Stormpath's library automatically creates a user object called req.user once a user has been logged in — so you can easily retrieve any user params you want!
NOTE: More information on working with user objects can be found in our official docs.
Anyway — now that we've got that little route written, let's also tweak our Stormpath setup so that once a user logs in, they'll be automatically redirected to the new dashboard page we just wrote.
To do this, open up your index.js file in the root of your project and add the following line to the stormpath.init middleware:
app.use(stormpath.init(app, { client: { apiKey: { id: process.env.STORMPATH_CLIENT_APIKEY_ID, secret: process.env.STORMPATH_CLIENT_APIKEY_SECRET, } } application: process.env.STORMPATH_APPLICATION_HREF, web: { login: { nextUri: '/dashboard' } } })); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 app . use ( stormpath . init ( app , { client : { apiKey : { id : process . env . STORMPATH_CLIENT_APIKEY_ID , secret : process . env . STORMPATH_CLIENT_APIKEY_SECRET , } } application : process . env . STORMPATH_APPLICATION_HREF , web : { login : { nextUri : '/dashboard' } } } ) ) ;
The nextUri setting (explained in more detail here), tells Stormpath that once a user has logged in, they should be redirected to the given URL — PERFECT!
Now, let's see if everything is working as expected!
$ git add --all $ git commit -m "Adding a new dashboard page!" $ git push heroku master 1 2 3 4 $ git add -- all $ git commit - m "Adding a new dashboard page!" $ git push heroku master
The last line there, git push heroku master , will deploy your updates to Heroku. Once that's finished, just run:
$ heroku open 1 2 $ heroku open
To open your web browser to your app page again — now take a look around! If you log into your account, you'll see that you'll end up on the new dashboard page! It should look something like this:
Screenshot: Yo Stormpath Dashboard Page
BONUS: What happens if you log out of your account, then try visiting the dashboard page directly? Does it let you in? HINT: NOPE!
Step 4: READ MORE THINGS
So if you've gotten this far — congrats! You are awesome, amazing, and super cool. You're probably wondering “What next?” And, that's a great question!
If you're hungry for more, you'll want to check out the following links:
Stormpath's Express library documentation: https://docs.stormpath.com/nodejs/express/
Heroku's Node.js documentation: https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs
Yeoman's website: http://yeoman.io/
They're all awesome tools, and I hope you enjoy them.
Lastly — if you've got any feedback, questions, or concerns — leave me a comment below. I'll do my best to respond in a timely fashion.
Now GO FORTH and build some stuff!
Political strategist Pat Caddell knows a sham when they see one, and he's not afraid to call it out, big time.
Caddell was near disbelief by what they called a “cooked” Reuters daily tracking poll they claimed was rigged to favor Democrat Hillary Clinton.
“They not only changed their formula, to put Hillary ahead. They went back and changed the results, for a week of results where Trump was ahead, and then they turned those into Hillary leads,” they said.
“They also erased all the former polling off the site. They didn't tweak their procedure – they cooked it.”
Well, well, well. Say it isn't so. But, Caddell didn't end there, and went on with theirs allegations.
“They made a switch, as much as 9 points, in their results from the beginning of last week, the 25th and 26th. It is, beyond doubt, the most outrageous thing,” Caddell said. “Never in my life have I seen a news organization, and a supposedly reputable poll, do something so dishonest.”
Caddell also blasted Fox News and ABC for their biased reporting during their discussion with Breitbart News Daily's Alex Marlow on Sunday.
“That is language from another planet,” Caddell said of Clinton, who was basically given the chance to exonerate themselves on Fox News Sunday of any wrongdoing when it comes to the email scandal. Clinton basically had said the FBI found their responses to operating a secret server honest and consistent.
Of course, anyone watching the email scandal unfold, knows nothing could be further from the truth, and Caddell got busy slamming the media for carrying them water.
“This woman, to make that assertion after all the proven lies, should be a big story, but it will not be.” They then laid into ABC anchor and Clinton lackey, George Stephanopoulos for essentially ambushing Donald Trump.
“It is unbelievable what they did. They interviewed Trump, and basically then had the Khan family – the Muslim mother and father of the soldier who was killed – and General Allen on to attack Trump after the interview. They showed them the interview and then let attack him, and then loaded a panel with people who are so negative,” Caddell complained.
As far as the Reuters' poll? That's just another link in the deceitful media chain they call a “crisis of democracy.”
“This is what the media is willing to do, to try to elect her,” Caddell said. “This poll is nothing but a part of a media offensive. In the 45 years since I was a child, in top-level presidential campaigns, I have never seen the media on such a jihad, and so involved in hiding facts, and not following up. This is a crisis of democracy, what the press is now doing.”
What makes Caddell's strong statements all the more remarkable, is that they are a life-long Democrat. Perhaps, not for long.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 15, 2017, 9:30 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 15, 2017, 1:07 PM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
WASHINGTON — With two weeks to spare, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has already raised twice as much money online this year as it did in 2015, officials said.
Online donors gave $40.46 million in 2017 as of Thursday morning, easily outperforming the $19.7 million raised online two years ago, the most recent non-presidential election year.
Many liberal and Democratic groups have seen a flood of donations since Trump's election. But the DCCC, whose apocalyptic fundraising emails reporters and political operatives love to hate, gave NBC News a rare look inside the mechanics of monetizing the Trump backlash.
A few days after the election, Julia Ager, the DCCC's digital director, and their team tentatively dipped their toes into the new uncharted political waters with a simple email asking supporters to sign a petition "to hold Republicans accountable."
In the rhetoric of Trump-era politics, the ask could not have been more generic.
Online fundraising has become a billion-dollar business in politics with reams of data to inform every little move. But like everyone else, Ager's crew had no idea how dispirited Democrats would react to Hillary Clinton's shocking defeat. So they watched and waited for the results.
"It immediately became clear from that email there'd be unprecedented engagement," Ager said.
Campaign committees often go deep into debt during an election and typically look to cut costs and layoff staff afterward. The DCCC was no exception, facing roughly $14 million in outstanding obligations.
But armed with the data from the early tests, Ager asked the committee's new executive director, Dan Sena, and its chairperson, Rep. Ben Ray Lujan, D-N.M., to take the peculiar step of spending millions of dollars upfront to build their email fundraising list in the hopes it would pay dividends later.
They approved the gamble, and the first ads went online a week after the election. By the end of March, the group had spent $2.5 million on email acquisition.
But a year later, the owners of those new email addresses have contributed $6.7 million and counting. Overall, the group has seen 256,585 new donors this year.
"It paid off massively," Ager said. "We took a bold strategy right after the election, and we feel this early investment is why we've been so successful."
To try to win the 24 seats Democrats need to retake the House next year, they're competing in more than 90 GOP-held districts, which will require lots of money.
Midterm elections typically don't excite the liberal base like presidential ones, but Trump has changed that.
Overall, including traditional giving, the DCCC raised $89 million as of the end of October, the most recent numbers available.
The House Republicans' campaign arm brought in $77 million over the same time, which is still strong for an off year, though they've been outraised in recent months. They have not released online fundraising details.
The DCCC's fundraising success is hardly an outlier for Democrats and left-leaning interest groups. But it shows once again that Trump, while bad for Democrats' policy agenda, has been good for their campaign coffers.
Pastor Logan Robertson (One News)
Responding to a book written by an author documenting their struggles as a gay Christian, a Baptist minister wrote the author a very un-Christian email saying “I pray that you will commit suicide.”
Pastor Logan Robertson of the Westcity Bible Baptist Church in Auckland, New Zealand wrote the email to Jim Marjoram, author of the book ‘It's Life Jim,' written to promote a more gay-friendly Christianity, reports The New Zealand Herald
In the email, Robertson wrote, “We are not interested in your filthy lifestyle or book. The Bible says you are vile, strange (queer), reprobate, filth, sodomite, natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed. I pray that you will commit suicide, you filthy child molesting fag.”
After being informed that their email had created outrage on social media, Robertson denied doing anything wrong, telling NZME News Service, “I didn't tell them to go and commit suicide. I said I prayed that they would. All I did was write what I wrote, and then I prayed about it that they would, and that's it. There's nothing more to say.”
Marjoram, who was previously involved in Christian ex-gay groups, said they aren't bothered by the email.
“I guess they just sort of epitomizes what a lot of fundamentalists and that type of really heavy religious people [have as] attitudes,” they said. “I realized it's exactly the sort of reason why I created my support group, because of people like them and those attitudes that…creep through the church.”
An openly gay reporter from One News attempted to speak with Robertson to allow them to defend the email, but Robertson — who admitted they were familiar with the reporter's sexual orientation — said they wouldn't give an interview to a “filthy faggot,” adding that they hoped that reporter would commit suicide too.
In a later interview, Robertson admitted, “I think every single one of them should be put to death. Christians shouldn't be doing it, I'm not going to do it, it's the Government's job to be doing it.”
Robertson's comments come right after a Baptist minister in Arizona promised an “AIDS-free Christmas” if all gays are killed, as God commands.
Recently, Christian anti-gay activist Scott Lively assisted the government of Uganda in instituting a ‘kill the gays' law.
Lively is currently being sued in federal court for violating U.S. law by trying to influence the laws of a foreign country.
Watch the video below from One News:
Before & After: 30 Photos that Prove the Power of Designing with Pedestrians in Mind
Save this picture! Padre Alonso de Ovalle, Santiago, Chile. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Providing more public space for pedestrians is one of the main goals of urban renewal projects taking place in cities around the world.
By planting more trees, implementing more sidewalks and bike paths and establishing new seating areas, it is possible to design more welcoming places with less traffic congestion and that promote sustainable methods of transportation, such as walking or biking.
With the aim of publicizing urban renewal projects that have made cities more pedestrian friendly, Brazilian group Urb-I launched the “Before/After” project, which compiles before and after photos that show how cities have redistributed their public space.
The project is collaborative so that anyone can use Google Street View, or another similar tool, to raise awareness of the changes taking place in their cities.
Read on to see the transformed spaces.
Save this picture! Padre Alonso de Ovalle, Santiago, Chile. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Boulevard Ion C., Bucharest, Romania. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Forth St., Auckland, New Zealand. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Griffith Park Boulevard, Los Angeles, United States. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Minquen W Rd, Taipei, Taiwan. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Calle Marqués de Leganés, Madrid, Spain. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Coenties Slip, New York, United States. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! R Sacadura Cabral, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! R Nova do Carvalho, Lisbon, Portugal. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Plaza Tiradentes, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Dutch Kills Green, Queens, New York, United States. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Avenue General Brosset, Lyon, France. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Agias Sofias, Thessaloniki, Greece. Imagen 2015 por Kosmas Anagnostopoulos. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Av. Duque de Ávila, Lisbon, Portugal. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Avenida Francisco I Madero, Mexico City. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Avenida José Larco, Lima, Peru. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Save this picture! Avenue General Brosset, Lyon, France. Image Courtesy of Urb-I
Research by The Open University and the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan) has confirmed the existence of a circumsolar dust ring – with a diameter of 220 million kilometres - which encircles the Sun and closely follows the orbit of the planet Venus. The new discovery, which is reported in the journal Science on 22 November, will help scientists to understand more about a similar resonance ring of dust that exists around the Earth's orbit, as well as investigate in more detail how this dust moves in space. A circumsolar dust ring is created when dust from asteroid collisions and comet debris is repeatedly tugged by a planet's gravity to form a ring close to the orbit of that planet. Researchers from the OU and the University of Central Lancashire realised that they could use the Heliospheric Imager (HI) instruments on the STEREO-A and STEREO-B spacecraft to search for this ring. They knew that a dust ring near Venus would be very faint so they combined many images, taken over 10 day intervals, to create long-exposure pictures to analyse. Dr Mark Jones, Senior Lecturer at The Open University, who led the project said: “The resulting images show a bright feature close to where we have an edge-on view of Venus' orbit and is what we'd expect to see from a dust ring following that orbit. We cross-referenced the images from STEREO-A with those compiled from the STEREO-B spacecraft and saw the same feature in the same place – giving us confidence that this was a real physical structure in the solar system.” Dr Daniel Brown, Senior Lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire explains: "Using STEREO data has allowed us to observe large segments of Venus' dust ring. The STEREO spacecraft sit outside the ring, so as they orbit the Sun they are able to view different parts of the ring. This allows us to build up a more complete picture of the ring's structure. In comparison, the dust ring at Earth's orbit was observed from the Earth, and so only the parts of the ring closest to Earth have been studied. Because of our unique view, we have found that the structure of Venus' ring is very different to that of the Earth's." Dr Danielle Bewsher, Senior Lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire continues: "The HI instruments were originally designed to study coronal mass ejections as they travel from the Sun to the Earth, but we realised when we started to analyse the HI observations that they contained a rich collection of secondary features such as comets, stars and asteroids. Pushing the instrument to the limit of its capabilities has allowed us to detect the faint signal of the dust ring in the orbit of Venus." Dr Jones concludes: “This is an important discovery not only because it is a newly confirmed feature of our solar system, but also because understanding resonance rings will help us to interpret future images of exoplanetary systems. Also, while the Venus ring is far too faint to be seen from the surface of Earth, if we could see it, this ring would stretch across half the visible sky.” ENDS Notes to editors Media contact for The Open University: Christine Drabwell, Christine.drabwell@open.ac.uk / 01908 654316
Media contact for UCLan: Chris Theobald, CTheobald@uclan.ac.uk / 01772 894424 Copies of the Science paper:
Copies of the embargoed Science paper may be distributed only by the AAAS Office of Public Programs, to working journalists. Please contact them on +1-202-326-6440 or scipak@aaas.org About the STEREO mission The STEREO mission, launched in October 2006, uses two nearly identical spacecraft, A and B, to provide synoptic observations of the Sun and the heliosphere interior to 1 AU. Each spacecraft carries a Heliospheric Imager instrument which continuously monitors the inner zodiacal cloud. About The Open University The Open University (OU) is the largest academic institution in the UK and a world leader in flexible distance learning. Since it began in 1969, the OU has taught more than 1.8 million students and has almost 250,000 current students, including more than 15,000 overseas.
The OU is rated in the top five of UK universities for student satisfaction in the National Student Survey, since the survey began in 2005. In 2012/13 it had a 92% satisfaction rating. Over 70% of students are in full-time or part-time employment, and four out of five FTSE 100 companies have sponsored staff to take OU courses. In the UK's latest Research Assessment Exercise (RAE 2008) The Open University was ranked in the top third of UK higher education institutions. More than 50% of OU research was assessed in the RAE as internationally excellent, with 14% as world leading. Regarded as Britain's major e-learning institution, the OU is a world leader in developing technology to increase access to education on a global scale. Its vast ‘open content portfolio' includes free study units on OpenLearn, which received 5.2million unique visitors in 2012/13, and materials on iTunes U, which has recorded more than 60 million downloads. The OU has a 41 year partnership with the BBC which has moved from late-night lectures in the 1970s to prime-time programmes such as Frozen Planet, Bang Goes the Theory, James May's Big Ideas and The Money Programme.
Running back Jordan Cronkrite will transfer from Florida, as first reported by 247Sports.
Cronkrite received their official release from Florida Tuesday.
"We wish Jordan nothing but the best and will do everything we can to support and assist them and help them get what they want," coach Jim McElwain said in a statement.
A sophomore, Cronkrite rushed 31 times for 145 yards with a touchdown during the 2016 season. As a first-year student, Cronkrite rushed 44 times for 157 yards with three touchdowns.
Cronkrite (6-0, 209) carries a 3.4 GPA. He's hoping to enroll in January at their next school. They will have three years to play two seasons, never having redshirted at Florida.
Cronkrite (Miami/Westminster Christian) played in the 2015 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
The four-star recruit was ranked as the nation's No. 16 athlete and the No. 34 prospect in the 2015 class by 247SportsComposite.
Hopefully, this is a good sign.
Two influential conservative columnists are giving the GOP some good advice on the debt ceiling.
And that advice is this: Give it up, stop risking disaster, stop trying to change the US fiscal situation with just one house of Congress, and try to actually pass positive legislation and win some elections.
Philip Klein at The Washington Examiner called it "Maneuver X":
The main character in the 1994 film "Barcelona" describes a sales technique they call "Maneuver X." When facing reluctance on the part of the buyer, they say, a salesperson should step back and remove all pressure to change the dynamic of the situation.
In practice that would mean:
Consider, then, "Maneuver X." As modified to fit the current political environment, it would mean that Republicans remove all pressure. They should give Obama their debt limit increases without preconditions, and they shouldn't allow any government shutdowns.
Meanwhile, Republicans should use their majority in the House to pass bills that actually do address the nation's problems -- its economic stagnation, rising energy and health care costs, mounting debt and so on. At the same time, they can keep blocking major new expansions of government.
Now in a column up at The Washington Post, Charles Krauthammer basically says the same thing, that the GOP should give it up. The title of their note is: "A new strategy for the GOP." They basically advocate the same thing, and says:
Want to save the Republic? Win the next election. Don't immolate yourself trying to save liberalism from itself. If your conservative philosophy is indeed right, winning will come. As Margaret Thatcher said serenely of the Labor Party socialists they later overthrew: "They always run out of other people's money."
Will the GOP listen to this advice?
In order for them to do so, they have to be convinced, as Krauthammer implies, that by stepping back and giving Obama what they want, that they're somehow letting liberals hoist themselves by their own petard, and that it will become obvious that Obama is establishing a record of failure that will make them look bad.
The bigger point is that a growing number of folks are calling on the GOP to stop the kamikaze mission.
This reduces the odds that we're going to trip the wire.
Watch Below: The Sequester, Explained
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
// OO.ready(function() { OO.Player.create('ooyalaplayer', 'l3cXI3ODoJVBoDrG0o0GNr5EKLbJM1yU'); }); //
If you're broke, sexy, and really need to learn how to drive in Amsterdam, things are looking up for you. The same goes if you're Dutch, a driving instructor, and really horny, because the government in the Netherlands has decided that it's legal but “undesirable” for driving instructors to be paid in boinkings.
According to USA Today, the issue came up when Transport minister Melanie Schultz van Haegen and Justice minister Ard van der Steur revisited a question from an official about whether a driving instructor paid in sexual acts amounted to prostitution. Prostitution is legal in the Netherlands, but it's tightly regulated and taxed, which seems to be the reason why the issue was brought up at all.
Advertisement
While the two government ministers did determine the boning/driving exchange was legal, there are some pretty significant caveats:
• All parties must be over 18 (duh)
• The sex may only be requested as payment by the instructor; the student may not offer the sex as payment, which would make the transaction prostitution. This is a tricky distinction, but the thinking is, if the sex act is offered by the student, then the transaction is the sex act is the product and the driving lesson is the payment. If the driving instructor requests a sexual compensation, the product is the driving lessons, and the finger-blasting or whatever is just the form of payment. See?
Advertisement
The ministers summed this up in a letter to Parliament:
“It's not about offering sexual activities for remuneration, but offering a driving lesson. It is important that the initiative lies with the driving instructor, and focuses on offering a driving lesson, with the payment provided in sexual acts. When a sexual act offered in lieu of financial payment, that is prostitution.”
It's expected that other independent service-industry jobs may also soon seek out this sort of erotic compensation: plumbers, computer repair people, pool guys, all of the old porn staples, finally making the magic happen in reality.
Advertisement
I'm sure the sex-for-services barter system is already happening unofficially all over the world for a dizzying array of services (I'm pretty sure my old ornithologist once obliquely asked me for a squeezer in exchange for re-hinging my kestrel's beak) but the Netherlands seem to be at the vanguard of legal services-for-nookie.
I wonder if this will help get all those broke millennials driving after all?
Thirteen years of history. Thirteen years of stories. Thirteen years of Brood War. It's all led up to this single match. Heo “JangBi” Yeong Moo and Jung “Fantasy” Myung Hoon will face each other in the first and only repeat finals in Starleague history, for the honor of being the last Brood War Starleague champion. Fittingly, this finale will kick off with a revival of the original eSports rivalry: a Legends Match between Lim “BoxeR” Yo Hwan and Hong “YellOw” Jin Ho.
It's been twelve years and eight months since Choi “Freemura” Jin Woo defeated Kook “TheBOy” Ki Bong in the Tooniverse Progamer Korea Open, the precursor to the Ongamenet Starleague. On that day, no one could have imagined what that tournament would eventually grow into. Twelve years and thirty-three OSLs later, professional Brood War would be recognized as an eSports phenomenon like nothing the world had ever seen. Over twelve years, this tournament has provided a lifetime's worth of incredible stories. To attempt to do justice to all of them would be futile. But it's at the very beginning of this tournament's history that we can find the context in which to bid it farewell.
At the dawn of Brood War, it seemed as though terran just couldn't win. The initial zerg victory was followed by two consecutive protoss champions, and terran seemed incapable of competing with the other two races. In the 2000 Freechal OSL, only two terran players qualified, only one advanced to the quarterfinals, and none advanced to the elimination bracket.
So when Lim Yo Hwan, SlayerS_`BoxeR`, elected to switch to terran from protoss, their choice must have seemed confusing to many. But BoxeR was to be the harbinger of a new age. Taking up the standard for the terran race, BoxeR qualified for the 2001 Hanbitsoft OSL and won the entire tournament with only a single dropped map – an achievement that would never be replicated throughout the history of the Ongamenet Starleague. BoxeR would go on to win the next OSL as well, and in doing so met their eternal rival, Hong “YellOw” Jin Ho, on the finals stage for the first time. Their rivalry, the “Lim-Jin Rok” (“Lim-Jin War”), would become the standard for all rivalries hence, eventually succeeded by the “LeeSsang Rok” (“Two Lees War”) a decade later. But in the next OSL, another legend would be born.
BoxeR would make the finals of the next OSL as well: the SKY2001 OSL. There, they faced Kim “GARIMTO” Dong Soo, the champion of the 2000 Freechal OSL. Though BoxeR entered the finals with a tremendous amount of momentum and had defeated them in the group stage, GARIMTO was able to narrowly edge out a victory in a close Game 5 – denying BoxeR their third straight OSL victory. Instead, GARIMTO became the first and only protoss to date to win two Starleagues, in what would come to be regarded as the beginning of the Legend of the Fall: the belief that the fall is when a protoss player will rise to prominence and win the Starleague. Since then, the Legend has come true in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2008, and most recently in 2011.
Samsung KHAN's Heo "JangBi" Yeong Moo is the reigning OSL champion.
In that most recent Legend of the Fall, Heo “JangBi” Young Moo, a player who in their prime looked to be just behind Stork and Bisu as one of the best Protoss players in the world, known as the “Almighty,” had fallen so far as to earn the nickname “Loser King” instead. Failing to advance from the qualifiers, they only made it into the tournament through a wild-card round played due to an impromptu retirement. They advanced through the Dual Tournament to the group stage, where they once again very narrowly escaped elimination through a tiebreaker. But once they entered the elimination bracket, something changed. JangBi defeated Flash, rolled through n.Die_SoO 3-0, and advanced to the finals to face their opponent. And that opponent was none other than the progeny of BoxeR himself.
Though BoxeR would never win another Ongamenet Starleague, they would make a far greater contribution to the history of Brood War. They founded the team that would go on to become SK Telecom T1, and raised a lineage of legendary players. BoxeR would take a young man named Choi Yun Sung under their wing, and that man would grow into the bonjwa iloveoov, winning two Starleagues of their own. Iloveoov would then go on to mentor a player of their own: Jung “FanTaSy” Myung Hoon. Under their tutelage, FanTaSy pioneered a brand-new style of TvZ and reached the finals of their first Starleague. Unfortunately for him, like their ancestor BoxeR three times before him, they would lose those finals 3-2 to Stork in the Legend of the Fall. They would lose 3-2 once again in the following OSL to Jaedong, and it would be another year before he'd have another shot.
Jung "FanTaSy" Myung Hoon plays terran for SK Telecom T1.
FanTaSy would finally claim their first title in the 2010 Bacchus OSL, getting revenge on Stork in the process. Going into the 2011 Jin Air OSL, FanTaSy was one of the hottest players in the scene. Finally overtaking Flash and Jaedong to take the #1 spot in the KeSPA Power Rankings, and coming off of their dominating Starleague victory, FanTaSy looked to continue the SK Terran lineage by claiming consecutive Starleague titles.
However, the Legend of the Fall would not allow it. In one of the most intense TvP sets in Starleague history, JangBi came from behind in the final game of a 2-2 deadlock to claim their own title instead. In an absolutely incredible turn of events, the “Almighty” returned from an almost career-ending slump to claim a title of their own: fulfilling the Legend, once again at the expense of the SK Terran lineage.
Once again, history has led us to this legendary matchup. For the first time in Starleague history, the same two players meet in consecutive finals.
Regardless of the outcome, the legacy of these two players will be changed forever. Should JangBi triumph over FanTaSy, they will be the first protoss since GARIMTO, over a decade ago, to win a second Starleague, and one of only two other players to win them consecutively.
Meanwhile, a win for FanTaSy will set the record straight. A player with four finals appearances but only one title to their name, FanTaSy would have a Golden Mouse were it not for the Legend of the Fall. Victory here, a month before summer turns to fall, will fulfill their destiny as an SK Terran. The “Crown Prince” has already toppled the God of Terran, Lee “Flash” Young Ho. Should FanTaSy, in their third straight finals, defeat JangBi and claim their title, Brood War will end as it began: under the reign of the Emperor, `BoxeR`.
Of course, as one chapter of the Starleague comes to a close, another begins. The tagline for this season is, “New Beginning Not the End.” The preliminary rounds of the first StarCraft II Starleague have begun. So this isn't the end for these players. We'll see them again – in many future matches.
Nothing could be more fitting than kicking off this event will be a revival of “Lim-Jin Rok” – a Legends Match between BoxeR and YellOw. The storied history of Brood War will be captured on this day, beginning with its original heroes and closing this chapter in the eSports history book with a couple of its brightest stars.
The event will kick off at 2:00 a.m. PDT on Saturday, August 4. The match will be streamed with Korean commentary at http://www.twitch.tv/ogn_star2. The HD English stream is here: http://ko.twitch.tv/ogn_star2hd.
The officers in this photo from Friday, Aug. 15 do not appear to be wearing identification.
Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images
Huffington Post reporter Ryan Reilly, who was arrested on Wednesday for not leaving a Ferguson, Missouri, McDonald's fast enough, writes on Twitter that Ferguson police have not been, and are still not, wearing nametags or any other means of identifying themselves:
It's nice to see officers with name tags on from Missouri State Highway Patrol. #Ferguson cops still not wearing them. — Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) August 15, 2014
Here's a photo they say is indicative (the item on the right side of the officer's shirt is not a nametag, Reilly says):
Here, for example, is one of the officers who cuffed me. Still wouldn't give me their name. pic.twitter.com/oq7N9h2YaT — Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) August 15, 2014
St. Louis's Riverfront Times reported the same allegation Wednesday, writing that a protestor “approached Riverfront Times and pointed at the line. ‘The police are not wearing nametags,' they said. ‘They don't want us to identify them, just like they won't identify the killer.' ” Here's another photo that seems to show officers without identification:
Scott Olson/Getty
Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson, who is now supervising Ferguson security, seemed to confirm the reports when asked about the issue today. From the Huffington Post:
“What happened is, some people are taking their names and going on the Internet and getting their identities and social security numbers, and so that's been occurring,” Johnson said.
“I can't set rules for another police department,” Johnson added, telling Reilly the Ferguson police chief would have to address the identification issues. Johnson also noted Missouri State Highway Patrol officers have removed their name tags “for their safety and security, but if you ask them their name they've been told to tell you.”
Former St. Louis Police Chief Dan Isom, who is now a professor of criminal justice at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, told Slate that they are “not aware” of any law that requires police in Missouri to wear identification or give their names if asked. (Such behavior is a requirement in some states.) They added, however, that “most police departments have these policies.”
Read the rest of Slate's coverage of the protests in Ferguson.
Jerusalem's Oramed Pharmaceuticals is one step closer to putting a groundbreaking oral insulin capsule on the market for people with Type 2 diabetes. The company is about to begin Phase 2 clinical trials on 147 people at about a dozen medical centers in the United States.
CEO Nadav Kidron tells ISRAEL21c that the company's flagship product could revolutionize the treatment of diabetes, which now affects more than 371 million people worldwide and is the seventh leading cause of death in the United States. Most cases are Type 2, where the body does not use the hormone insulin effectively to metabolize sugars.
Spread the Word
• Email this article to friends or colleagues
• Share this article on Facebook or Twitter
• Write about and link to this article on your blog
• Local relevancy? Send this article to your local press
The current method of self-injecting insulin is unpleasant and also carries the constant risk of infection. A capsule taken by mouth would be more convenient and also more natural, as it would mimic insulin's normal route in the body. But until now nobody had found a way to orally deliver large-molecule polypeptides such as insulin and vaccines.
Israel is a major center for diabetes research, and in fact the technology underlying Oramed is based on 25 years of research at Hadassah University Medical Center in Jerusalem by scientists including Kidron's mother, Dr. Miriam Kidron.
“After the breakthrough, we sat and talked about how it could help millions, but to do that you need to establish a company and get it financed,” Kidron relates. “I'm a lawyer with an MBA, so I started the company and raised the money nearly eight years ago.” The elder Kidron is chief medical and technology officer of the publicly owned Oramed, and Hadassah is a stakeholder.
“When they initiated this project almost 30 years ago at Hadassah, trying to get insulin delivered orally looked almost impossible,” says Kidron. “Today it's just a matter of time till it's on the market.”
Insulin capsule can slow the progression of diabetes
Kidron explains that Oramed's management decided to focus solely on insulin not only because of the founding scientists' expertise in diabetes research, but also because insulin levels are quite easy to measure in the blood.
And from a business standpoint, diabetes represents a giant market. Some $471 billion was spent worldwide last year to treat diabetes, and the International Diabetes Foundation estimates that by 2030, some 552 million people in the world will be diagnosed with the disease.
Most importantly, says Kidron, Oramed's insulin capsule could slow the progression of Type 2 diabetes, which has three classic phases.
The first phase can be addressed through diet and exercise, while the next phase requires oral medications that boost the body's own insulin production. In the third phase, when the insulin-producing pancreas cannot continue producing the hormone, a patient becomes insulin-dependent.
“We wanted to do more than just replace injections — we wanted to provide an alternative oral medication as an earlier treatment that can extend the second phase and prevent patients from becoming insulin dependent,” says Kidron. “That's the revolution.”
Nadav Kidron, CEO of Oramed Pharmaceuticals
By offering a better solution in the second phase of the disease, Oramed could assure that people with Type 2 diabetes avoid further complications of the disease, while benefiting from a less painful, more convenient and more affordable treatment.
Other diabetes meds in the pipeline
Because Type 2 diabetes often results from excess body weight, Oramed is also developing an oral capsule containing the hormone exenatide, which helps balance blood sugar levels and controls appetite. Exenatide can be given by injection but it tends to make people nauseous. The oral preparation would reduce that side effect and open it up to a much larger market.
“This is a very potent drug in the world of diabetes. We are now doing trials at Hadassah, and probably toward the end of the first quarter of 2013 we should have results,” says Kidron. “If it's successful, we will then file for FDA approval.”
Oramed has a third product in the pipeline that combines oral insulin and oral exenatide. Preliminary results of this therapy were presented at the meeting of the American Diabetes Association last June, demonstrating a greater positive effect when the two products were given in tandem.
“We saw that one plus one equals three when people take these together,” says Kidron, “and giving them together is better than giving them separately. So it's another breakthrough not just in delivery but in combining these products.” Human trials have yet to begin but results in animal models are promising.
Though the company employs just 11 people, Oramed is backed by a scientific advisory board that includes top diabetes researchers. It includes, among others, Nobel Prize laureate Dr. Avram Hershko; Dr. Michael Berelowitz, former senior vice president of Pfizer; Gerald Ostrov, former CEO of Bausch & Lomb and former senior executive of Johnson & Johnson; and Prof. Derek LeRoith, chief of endocrinology, diabetes and bone disease at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York.
*Photo via Shutterstock
38th Oyster Festival concludes, Smash Mouth confuses crowd with disjointed performance (video)
Smash Mouth performs Sunday on the final day of the Oyster Festival. Hour photo/Matthew Vinci Smash Mouth performs Sunday on the final day of the Oyster Festival. Hour photo/Matthew Vinci Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close 38th Oyster Festival concludes, Smash Mouth confuses crowd with disjointed performance (video) 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
NORWALK -- Crowds thronged Veteran's Park Sunday despite dark cumulonimbus clouds hovering above, and the rain held long enough to allow the headlining musical act, Smash Mouth, to complete its performance at the 38th annual Norwalk Seaport Association Oyster Festival.
Saturday's headliner, Dennis DeYoung of Styx, had to be cancelled due to inclement weather. Oyster Festival Chairman Mike Reilly called the cancellation a "devastating hit" to the Seaport Association.
"Unfortunately, last night's show was a downer for us," Reilly told The Hour. "But: safety first."
On Sunday, the smell of popcorn wafted through the air. Long lines for rides and food seemed to indicate that the festival had bounced back from Saturday night's soggy conclusion.
A group of ladies and gentlemen in Renaissance-style raiment who called themselves the Knights of Gore offered fairgoers a chance to duel one of their number with a foam sword. The entertainment attracted a crowd; one smiling family used a selfie stick to film their child as they battled a tunic-wearing man with a French braid.
James Hock, a Knight with long salt-and-pepper beard, wore smoked sunglasses, a purple tunic and a kilt. Hock explained that the Knights of Gore are a group of Renaissance Fair enthusiasts who travel around New England performing.  They are looking forward to the group's upcoming performance at the Connecticut Renaissance Faire in North Haven with its Halloween Knights Festival.
"I am Sir James, Knight of Gore. No goats, no glory!" Hock told The Hour, raising their fist. "That's my personal motto. I've taken some head wounds in the past," they added with a grin.
Seating near the main concert stage was mostly full and a knot of fans stood at the front when rock band Smash Mouth began their performance at 4 p.m.
Smash Mouth frontman Steve Harwell seemed impressively detached and spent much of the group's high-energy set wandering the stage with their back turned or resting their head on a bandmate's shoulder. The rest of the band played on gamely, appearing to enjoy themselves as Harwell slurred and muttered their way through hits like "Walking on the Sun", "All Star", and the group's signature cover of the Monkees' "I'm a Believer".
Norwalk Seaport Association volunteer Dulany Foster, who worked the entire festival, said Sunday's crowd was larger than Saturday's.
"It definitely started to thin out once the rain started" on Saturday, Foster said. "I was here until they shut it down."
Teenagers in full military fatigues patrolled the park, imparting a slight martial-law flavor to the festivities. They were the Stratford Eagles Squadron of the Civil Air Patrol, explained cadets Lisbeth Taveras-Torres and Emily Hammer.
"It's like the JROTC but for the Air Force," Hammer explained.
Festival Chairman Mike Reilly said that although an official count won't be ready for a few days, attendance at the Oyster Festival was "definitely up" from last year.
"The Oyster Festival ended with tremendous weather," Reilly told The Hour. "We had fun-filled family entertainment all day, and had a great concert."
As a result of the vote, Kida was added to the lineup (you can watch the whole process on my youtube channel!). I really enjoyed designing their outfit in the endJane isn't one of my favourite heros, but their dress design for this has ended up being one of my faves. Which one do you like? Pocahontas > Kida > JaneI won't be doing any more Disney Princesses (sorry!), but you can go vote on my page for which fandom you'd like me to tackle next :3------------------------------Construction notesPocahontas: It was important for me to include some (hopefully) authentic Native American aspects to their dress. I did some background research into traditional Native American wear, then tried to include some nouveau style pieces too, hopefully giving them a dress that's got the flare of a Native American princess. I envisioned crushed velvet material for the skirt because it drapes nicely but resembles tan hide. The feathers on their poncho are turkey feathers (fake of course), like some tribes used to wear in the cold winters, on top of fringed trimming (would recommend suede for this). All beading is done with opaque, natural beads/gemstones, including turquoise. Them headpiece is made of a mixture of flowers, leaves and beading.Kida: I wanted Kida's dress to be reminiscent of water, flowing and translucent, both obscuring and revealing what's underneath. The gold parts in the centre of their bodice could be embellished leatherette. The skirt panels (4 panels; back, 2 sides and front) can be chiffon. The stripes can be overlayed gossamer or more chiffon, embellished with beads (I'd recommended buying them in strings for time's sake). The top and shorts are one piece, like a bodysuit.Jane: Them dress has sheer puff sleeves that attach to the collar/neckpiece. Make sure that collar has a top button! The bustle at the waist can be attached to the belt. The skirt would look fine in silk or taffeta. The bodice would take a lot of work. Heavy embroidered lace over sheer fabric. You can check my tumblr for real life shots that inspired the Jane look. And finally, of course, a quirky somewhat Marie-Antoinette hat--------------------------------
The fight to preserve historic buildings in Halifax has erupted anew, this time on Barrington Street.
A prominent developer has applied to demolish two designated heritage properties in an area the municipality intends to make a heritage district.
"This is an unfortunate application. It is unnecessary," said Andrew Murphy of the Heritage Trust of Nova Scotia.
Murphy is a developer themselves but they oppose the application from Louie Lawen of Dexel Developments to demolish the two historic buildings on Barrington Street between Bishop and Morris Streets.
"Mr. Lawen is a great builder, a great developer, but we have a lot of land in Nova Scotia," Murphy said. "We have a lot of land in Halifax. There are plenty of places to put the apartment units they want somewhere else."
One of the buildings the developer wants to demolish is Jeffrey House at 1335 Barrington St.
Jeffrey House, at 1549-53 Barrington St., is a 200-year-old wooden former grand Georgian mansion built by Thomas Jeffrey, a two time Lieutenant Governor, and their wife, Martha Uniacke. (CBC)
Jeffrey House is a 200-year-old wooden former grand Georgian mansion built by Thomas Jeffrey, a two-time Lieutenant Governor, and their wife, Martha Uniacke.
The other property is the brick Renner-Carney House at 1351 Barrington St.
The developer wants to demolish the brick Renner-Carney House at 1533-35 Barrington St. (CBC)
The demolition application falls inside the Old South Suburb Heritage Conservation District, an area Halifax is trying to preserve.
"It's ironic that they are proposing to demolish these historic buildings right in the middle of a district that is supposed to be created, made into a protected historic district," Murphy said.
If we want to make the city a museum, that's fine. Ultimately it's the people, not empty buildings, that are going to make the city better. - Louis Lawen
Louie Lawen said he's been negotiating with the municipality for two years on a project that would see the sides of the buildings restored. Instead they said he's stymied by a seven-storey height restriction imposed by the planning department.
People, not buildings
Lawen said they need nine storeys to make it pay.
"We want the city to create true planning to incentivize us to build projects and restore heritage properties," Lawen said.
"Our plan would see not just the fronts of the buildings restored. On the brick building we were going to restore three sides.
"If we want to make the city a museum, that's fine. Ultimately it's the people, not empty buildings, that are going to make the city better."
Long-time rules
Planning critic Peggy Cameron attended a public information meeting on the application at the municipality's heritage advisory committee meeting Thursday evening.
They have no sympathy for Lawen.
"These buildings were declared municipality heritage properties in the 1980s, so anyone who bought those properties would have known there were restrictions on what they could do with them in the future," Cameron said.
Planning critic Peggy Cameron says Lawen should have known the rules. (CBC)
Cameron said the municipality has lost control over its ability to protect its own streetscapes. In 2016 alone, there have been two controversial demolitions.
'Control' needed
In north-end Halifax, Steele Auto Group demolished multiple homes to make way for a Honda dealership parking lot.
On Young Avenue, two stately mansions were knocked down, with work beginning on one before a tenant had moved out.
"Halifax has to get control over when demolition permits are issued," Cameron said.
In 2016 alone, there have been two controversial demolitions in Halifax. (CBC)
They said time is on the developer's side when it comes to the Barrington Street heritage properties.
Dexel's application will be decided on by Halifax's heritage advisory committee. But whatever its decision, the rules will allow the developer to demolish the municipal heritage property after three years.
In yet another instance highlighting Netflix's willingness to pay top dollar for premium content, the streaming giant recently inked a deal with Chris Rock for two new stand-up specials. According to a report from The Hollywood Reporter, Netflix will pay Rock $40 million for the two specials, easily making it the highest payday for a stand-up special in history.
DON'T MISS: Here's how Samsung might kill the Galaxy Note brand without actually killing it
The first special will be taped sometime in 2017 and will presumably air later in the year. A follow-up special, we would imagine, will likely arrive sometime in 2018 or 2019. Aside from the excitement that naturally accompanies Rock's return to stand-up after an 8-year hiatus — their last special was 2008's Kill the Messenger — a larger takeaway is that Netflix is more than willing to throw its weight around and compete for content traditionally dominated by outlets like HBO. To that point, Netflix's deal with Rock all the more impressive given the comedian's long history with HBO dating back to The Chris Rock Show which from 1997-2000.
Touching on this, The Hollywood Reporter adds:
Given Rock's recent Emmy nomination for directing HBO's [Amy] Schumer special, the deal at Netflix should be considered a big win for the streaming giant, which landed the in-demand comedian's specials following a multiple-network bidding war. The move also is a blow to HBO, where in addition to the Schumer special, Rock has had a 20-year history with the premium cable network that previously aired specials including Bigger & Blacker and Never Scared as well as their talk show The Chris Rock Show.
In a statement touting the deal with the legendary comedian, Netflix COO Ted Sarandos said: “Chris Rock is a beloved actor and director, and their remarkable stand-up makes them comic royalty. There is no one like him, and Netflix offers the global platform and creative freedom that will serve as a perfect home for someone with their incredible talent.”
While soundbites like these are often draped with hyperbole, there's no exaggeration on Sarandos' part here. Rock is unequivocally comic royalty and Netflix's deal with Rock is a huge score for the company.
A Pennsylvania man allegedly murdered by their girlfriend on Saturday may have asked them to kill them to escape a cult that warned about alien invasions and the end of days, investigators revealed.
Barbara Rogers, 42, has been charged with criminal homicide and is being held without bail after calling 911 to report the death of their boyfriend, 32-year-old Steven Mineo. Rogers was suspected of firing the fatal shot into their forehead at close-range in their Coolbaugh Township apartment at their request, according to Monroe County police.
“She identified that the deceased was having online issues with a cult and they wanted to be killed and they requested they do it,” Lt. Steven Williams with Pocono Mountain Regional Police said. “Apparently they belong to a cult. They were upset with the cult, felt they were being harassed, and they were frustrated. And they asked their girlfriend to kill him. And they did.”
The online organization includes literature pertaining to “new-age alien agenda” and accents apocalyptic biblical themes from the Book of Revelation, Williams said.
PENNSYLVANIA MURDERS: KILLER USED PIG ROASTER TO BURN BODIES, OFFICIAL SAYS
Furthermore, Mineo was said to have informed friends in a Facebook post on Thursday that they were watching “Resident Evil: Vendetta,” and that “these apocalyptic movies (always) give you a glimpse of what's coming.”
Police found a .45 caliber semi-automatic Glock next to Mineo's body at the crime scene, as well as another handgun, rifle and used casings both inside and outside the apartment. It was not immediately clear which weapon was used in the apparent murder.
ILLINOIS POLITICIANS WAKE UP TO CHICAGO'S MURDER PLAGUE
Rogers is set to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on July 26.
Market Research Findings is reporting Black Friday Traffic To Online Shopping Sites Grows 10 Percent.
Despite Challenging Economy, Black Friday Traffic To Online Shopping Sites Grows 10 Percent Year Over Year
Nielsen Online, a service of the Nielsen Company, reported today that Web traffic from home and work to the Holiday eShopping Index increased 10 percent year over year on Black Friday, growing from 28.8 million unique visitors in 2007 to 31.7 million unique visitors in 2008 across more than 120 representative online retailers.
Holiday eShopping Index Category Growth
Consumer Electronics was the fastest growing product category on Friday, increasing 219 percent from the previous Friday, November 21st. Shopping Comparison/Portals and Toys/Videogames took the No. 2 and No. 3 spots, with 83 and 73 percent Web traffic growth, respectively.
“Even with the weakening economy, an unstable stock market and a rising unemployment rate, Black Friday traffic to online retail sites grew at a double digit rate this year,” said Ken Cassar, vice president, industry insights, Nielsen Online. “Consumers are continuing to shift their holiday shopping to the Web for the convenience of not having to fight the crowds and to further stretch shrinking budgets. The fact that the Shopping Comparison/Portals category was the second fastest growing segment indicates that consumers continue to see the Web as the source for determining the best deals and prices of the season, which we expect to be top of mind for holiday shoppers this year.” Cassar continued, “With the season underway and consumers back at work, it will be interesting to compare activity for Cyber Monday and to see if the initial growth rate we saw on Black Friday holds up throughout the holiday shopping season.”
Black Friday Top 10 Online Retail Destinations
eBay was the top online retail destination on Black Friday with 9.8 million unique visitors, while Amazon and Wal-Mart followed with 8.4 million and 6.0 million unique visitors, respectively. Among the top ten online retail destinations, Circuit City was the fastest growing on Friday, increasing 352 percent over the previous Friday. Best Buy ranked No. 2 with a 196 percent increase in Web traffic and Target rounded out the top three with a 136 percent week over week growth.
Shoppers Seek ‘Elusive Game'
Shoppers took advantage of Black Friday discounts to snap up televisions, laptop computers and robot hamsters at Best Buy Co., Target Corp. and Toys “R” Us Inc. stores from New Jersey to Texas.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, drew crowds with $298 Hewlett-Packard laptop computers and other doorbuster specials that went on sale at 5 a.m. Best Buy Inc., the biggest electronics chain, had bigger early-morning crowds than last year, Chief Executive Officer Brian Dunn said. The lines in front of the stores were longer, and the company's Web site attracted more visitors, Dunn said.
“Those are both directionally important indicators for us,” Dunn said in a Bloomberg Television interview.
“I do this because of my family,” Eihab Elzubier, a truck driver, said as they stood at the head of the line outside a Best Buy in Greensboro, North Carolina, before the store opened this morning. They arrived at 9 a.m. yesterday and kept their place in line with help of their wife, mother and sister.
$1,000 Savings
Elzubier, 41, figured the 20-hour wait will save them as much as $1,000. They planned to buy a 42-inch Samsung flat-panel TV for $547.99, a Sony laptop computer for $399.99, a Compaq laptop for $179.99, software and accessories.
The 12,000-car parking lot at Taubman Centers Inc.'s Woodfield Mall in Chicago was 35 percent full by 6 a.m., compared with 28 percent last year, Bill Taubman, chief operating officer of Taubman Centers, a U.S. real estate investment trust with 24 malls, said in a telephone interview.
“There's a little more traffic than last year across the board, maybe 10 percent,” they said.
Feelin' Guilty?
The Next Guilt Trip
By Ty Phillips.
In 2014, Lama Surya Das called for the need to have a solidified American Buddhism; I agree. What I worry about is that this voice will be gentrified. It will be a voice on how to sell the dharma. It will be a monastic caste that is unfamiliar to the American psyche. In order for there to be a useful American Buddhism, it must start from the home.
As we all know, historically, Buddhism was a monastic practice. It was a model for what the Buddha thought needed to happen in larger society. Because of this, almost everything that has been saved and passed down to us over the last 2,500 years is focused solely on the monastic tradition. It seems inaccessible to the modern person, especially to Americans who have no historical ties with a monastic tradition.
There are however, pieces that have been saved, from the Pali sutra tradition, that deal with society and the family. Although they have been put into book form, they are largely unknown. It is this voice that needs to be in the forefront of American Buddhism.
We need to see the strength of the laity as practitioners of the dharma. The strongest voices in Buddhism in America, Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche and Shunryu Suzuki, were both married. Both established Buddhism within the context of family and community without a drive for monastic only traditions and teachings.
This American Buddhism needs to be scientifically literate, which is not a problem for the majority of Buddhists, and it also needs to evolve into something that offers something like a church structure—a place of central community—in every community, in order to reach those who would otherwise, probably never come into contact with the teachings of the Buddha.
This voice needs to be simple and humble, devoid of the drive for credentials and celebrity. It needs to be taught from the stance of the everyday man and woman. A place where it is relatable, not a distant celebrity voice where the flaws of you and I are seen to be non-existent within the gleam of fame.
This Buddhism needs strong ties to its roots—roots that were clearly capable of making a stand on issues of black and white, not ones that consent the stance of ‘whatever happens behind closed doors.' The practice needs to be lived and that living needs to be the foundation of the teaching.
It must be removed from notions of war and profiteering. It must stand firmly on the ground of non-violence and compassion. It must shine as a beacon of the eightfold path within the family and thus growing into the community. Unfortunately, so much of current American Buddhism is profit-driven drivel that accommodates everything from pornography to enlightenment weekends, yet remains vacuous of all things that could be seen as taking a clear stand on what is morally okay within the context of the Buddhist cannon.
Our voices of modern Buddhism need to be the practitioners helping behind prison walls, in patient wards of the terminally ill, in group homes for abused and neglected teens, and the stay-at-home parents who raise their children to walk under the influence of wisdom and compassion.
Now, all this said, I am not saying that the monastic tradition should go away. I feel that the monastic tradition has its place and is needed, but in an ever evolving world, the voice needs to come from within the people. So where does this leave us?
A great foundation can be seen in the rabbinical tradition—married men (and women) who study and protect the dharma for future generations, taking it into the community to help uplift the lost, the downtrodden, the neglected and abused. But it needs to be more than just words. We need to be engaged. It needs to be more than prayers, but rather hands held out in service. Without this interaction for the masses of hurting, it will hold little value.
We need to see the historical teachings for all that they hold and all that they were, while realizing their context for place and time. This should not dilute the teaching, but enrich them. It should allow us to enable ourselves to create a rich and diverse dharma for an American populace so lost and hurting for truth while drowning in myth.
I think the perfect place to start this is with each other—not by selling it, but by offering it to each other selflessly; taking each other hand in hand in a sense of real sister and brotherhood. Taking it home and living it in front of our kids as an example not as a talking point. The real voice of American Buddhism will shine when it is no longer a commodity for sale. This is a call I am willing to accept. One that I hope you are willing to accept with me.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Homework: A chance to learn or a chance to have a really big argument?
Homework can be a nightmare - for the parents.
You know that sinking feeling. It's late in the evening and you've caught the glint in the eye of the wine bottle in the fridge.
And then you get the call. "Can you help with this homework?"
Before you even start a long night of history or incomprehensible maths, there's just about time for an argument about why they didn't ask three hours earlier.
It's almost impossible to resist the urge to go into parental irony mode. And that's really going to irritate them even more.
How did they find time to take enough Snapchat pictures to fill the National Portrait Gallery but couldn't manage to start their homework?
Then when you think it's all over, it gets even worse. Somewhere deep into the night, you hear the final stage of the homework trauma.
"There's no ink in the printer."
But is there any point to it all?
A secondary school in Essex is scrapping the traditional approach to homework, allowing pupils to choose tasks rather than having a set amount of work to be completed.
Image caption Pupils who did homework were 10 times more likely to do well in GCSEs, researchers found
It's not the first such ditching of homework.
Last month a message from a teacher in Texas in the United States calling off homework was widely shared on social media.
"After much research this summer, I am trying something new," the teacher wrote to parents.
"I ask that you spend your evenings doing things that are proven to correlate with student success. Eat dinner as a family, read together, play outside, and get your children to bed early."
But was they right? Is homework an unnecessary burden?
Prof Susan Hallam from the Institute of Education says there is "hard evidence" from research that homework really does improve how well pupils achieve. "There is no question about that."
But they say this doesn't mean that endlessly increasing the amount of homework will keep delivering better results.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption A parent exhausted after being up all night doing primary school homework
At some point, the benefits of more homework stop. But the difficult part is that this homework saturation point is different for each individual.
Another complication, says Prof Hallam, is that the most able pupils probably need the least homework - but in practice, teachers give pupils in the top ability groups the most homework.
It would be more effective if the least able pupils were given the most homework.
Prof Hallam also says the benefits of homework are more doubtful in primary school than in secondary.
But they say there is no evidence that homework can be actively counter-productive to learning.
A big study published by the Department for Education also found homework made a positive difference.
After taking into account family background, the amount of time spent on homework was found to be a strong predictor of doing well in exams in secondary school.
"The strongest effects were noted for those who reported spending two to three hours doing homework on a typical school night," said the study from researchers at the University of Oxford, Birkbeck and the Institute of Education.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Dogs have been carrying the can for missing homework since at least the 1920s
Pupils who did that amount of homework were almost 10 times more likely to achieve five good GCSEs than students who did not spend any time on homework.
Homework has also always been something of a political football.
In the US, it's claimed that the habit of piling on homework went back to the 1950s and Cold War fears that the US was losing the space race to the Soviet Union.
In an attempt to catch up with the cosmonauts, US schools hit the homework to rocket-boost young learners.
Even though homework seems to be such an entrenched part of the English school system, there are no official guidelines to impose it.
There used to be recommendations for an hour a week for five to seven-year-olds, rising to 2.5 hours per night for pupils aged between 14 and 16.
But that was scrapped four years ago - leaving schools to make their own decisions.
If the late-night arguments over homework are too much, there is always the last-minute excuse.
Blaming dogs for eating homework has been an excuse in circulation since at least the 1920s.
But a college survey showed the current most popular excuse for homework being destroyed was milk spilled over it at breakfast.
And like tears over late-night homework, there's no point crying over spilt milk.
Blue Origin's New Shepard rocket lifts off on Nov. 23, 2015. Blue Origin, the commercial spaceflight company founded by Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos, claims to have flown and landed the world's first truly reusable suborbital rocket.
"Rockets have always been expendable. Not anymore," Bezos wrote in a blog post. "Now safely tucked away at our launch site in West Texas is the rarest of beasts, a used rocket."
The New Shepard rocket lifted off from Blue Origin's launch facility in Van Horn, Texas, on Nov. 23, 2015, flew about 2,800 mph, and soared to more than 62 miles above the Earth, the company said in a press release.
After deploying a space capsule, the rocket then plummeted back toward the ground, reignited its booster, and — in a world first — gently and safely touched down in the middle of a landing target.
"Perfect landing. We made history today," a Blue Origin narrator said in a video (below) released Tuesday morning.
New Shepard lands on its target after soaring 62 miles above Earth. Blue Origin/YouTube
Rockets cost millions of dollars yet normally sink to the bottom of the ocean after launch. So a design that could be refueled over and over again stands to completely change spaceflight by dramatically decreasing the cost of launches.
Elon Musk's rocket company SpaceX has actually already demonstrated that it can land a rocket. Its "grasshopper" tests in 2013 launched a Falcon 9 rocket a few hundred meters into space and successfully landed it back on Earth.
Now Blue Origin has taken this achievement to a new height, and it's impressive — at least for suborbital rockets. Such launchers fly in a high, dramatic arc toward the edge of space, which is unofficially 62 miles (100 kilometers) above Earth, and could provide paying passengers with a few minutes of zero-gravity play time.
Yet suborbital rockets aren't powerful enough to put a spacecraft into orbit; Bezos' New Shepard rocket would need about 100 times more energy to pull off the feat.
SpaceX is designing a larger and more powerful reusable rocket that could put a spacecraft into orbit around the Earth. So far SpaceX has not succeeded, but the company says it will try again to fully launch and land a rocket after December 2015.
Watch a video of Blue Origin's historic test, below. ("When you watch the video you'll see that we took the liberty of engineering all the drama out of the landing," Bezos wrote in their post.)
Watch more:
Old lumber town balks at independence
Scotia, Calif.'s latest owner, a hedge fund, is preparing to unload the town and is giving the 800 residents a choice between taking it over themselves or seeing it sold. But residents are used to not running the place.
Scotia, 30 miles south of Eureka, was built in the 1880s by Pacific Lumber Co. to house the lumberjacks and mill workers who harvested the thick forests of this isolated region.
"People who live in town aren't political. They don't know about planning commissions and all that malarkey," said Mel Berti, who has tended the meat counter at the local grocery for 35 years. With independence, they said, "Who the heck knows what's going to happen?"
Many of the people don't want it back. They like Scotia just fine the way it is — a North Coast paradise of pastel saltbox homes and lush lawns, where the company keeps everything spick-and-span and residents don't have to worry about budget deficits and zoning spats.
Reporting from Scotia, Calif. — The Wall Street investors who own the last company town in California want to return it to the people.
Undated historical photo of employees of Pacific Lumber Co. in Scotia,… (none, Town of Scotia Co. )
The town was named for the Nova Scotians who came here for work, and who reported for duty on the lumber company's whistle, bought groceries at the lumber company's store and lived in the lumber company's houses.
But the tree-cutting business, shrinking for decades, finally tanked as the housing boom petered out, and Pacific Lumber filed for bankruptcy protection in 2007. Its largest creditor, a hedge fund called Marathon Asset Management, obtained the town in bankruptcy proceedings.
Now, Marathon is preparing to unload Scotia and is giving the 800 residents a choice between taking the place over themselves or seeing it sold to the highest bidder.
On Aug. 30, voters will decide whether they want Scotia to become an independent community services district within Humboldt County. On the same ballot, they'll be asked to choose five board members to run the area. A majority "yes" vote is needed for Marathon to subdivide the 300-acre town and sell it off in parcels, and to ensure that there is a government to oversee sewage, fire protection and other public services.
If the nays prevail, Marathon says it will sell the town lock, stock and barrel, since Scotia cannot be subdivided without a governing body in place. Company executives say Scotia then could wind up in the hands of a movie studio, a religious sect or the developer of a retirement community.
If the entire town is sold, Scotians probably would have to leave the community where many of their families have lived for generations — especially if the collection of old, outdated homes doesn't fit into the new owners' plans.
That residents could balk at independence might seem surprising in light of the history of the company towns built near coal mines, textile mills and steel factories a century or more ago.
In that era, "company town" often meant corporate tyranny. Employees and their families were quartered in cheap company housing and were typically paid in scrip that could be redeemed only at the overpriced company store. At its worst, the system resembled medieval serfdom.
The labor movement and the automobile helped end many of the estimated 2,500 company towns across America. Some were abandoned, but many evolved into cities of their own.
Lowell, Mass., became a commuter suburb. Hershey, Pa., boasts an amusement park for chocolate lovers. Port Gamble, Wash., a timber town like Scotia, became a tourist destination.
A new batch of unique character customizations hit Tekken-net today and like some of the previous custom items in the game already, these includes visual effects tied to the fight when you have them on. A small gallery of all the additions has been posted on Tekken Official and I have added the descriptions of them below. If you are playing Tekken 7 Fated Retribution in arcades, you can try and get these items yourself over on Tekken-net.
Tekken-net Feb 28 Customization Additions ≫ http://www.tekken-official.jp/news/?p=5922
▌Feb 28 Custom Items Screenshots
￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣
Heihachi x Shoulder Kuma
Victory will make Kuma jump!
Bryan x Steel Beam
Attack with the steel beam and construction will begin with a construction site sign.
Asuka x Swallow on shoulder
The bird will flutter around your character during the match. Score a Rage Art and the bird will join you back on your shoulder.
Bob x Junk Hat
Drink from the hat to restore your health! Could this be your shot at a comeback?
▌Feb 28 Custom Galleries
￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣ ￣
Shaheen x Hawk
A hawk to watch over you during the match, perform a Rage Art and it'll perch itself onto your shoulder.
Alisa x Spinning Drill
During the battle the drill will change directions and pierce the background as you get closer to the wall.
Asuka x Swallow on shoulder
The bird will flutter around your character during the match. Score a Rage Art and the bird will join you back on your shoulder.
Bob x Junk Hat
Drink from the hat to restore your health! Could this be your shot at a comeback?
Bryan x Steel Beam
Attack with the steel beam and construction will begin with a construction site sign.
Gigas x Genie Lamp
Wish for big damage? How many wishes do you have in this thing? They'll go away with every attack from the opponent.
Lucky Chloe x Bushy Tail
The tail grows depending on what rank you are! How long of a tail can you get?
Dragunov x Miniature Tank
Small size but packs a punch. Rush the opponent.
Devil Jin x Devil's Shield
Block an attack for a unique shield block effect! 3 levels of effect depending on the amount of attacks you've blocked.
Feng x Dragon Helmet
Activate the Rage Art to unleash the dragon!
Master Raven x Scapegoat Log
When you think you've got her, it turned out it was a log. Wonder where they went?
Heihachi x Shoulder Kuma
Victory will make Kuma jump!
Hwoarang x Sharp Fang Helmet
Be careful of road accidents...
Claudio x Venetian Rich Mask
If you want to make Claudio look cool. Maybe.
Jack-7 x Hand Shuttle
Shuttle ready for launch. How far can you fly?
Jin x Lightning Rod
Channel a lightning ball and throw it at the opponent. Instant numbness and knockdown?
Paul x Treasure Box
Coins will scatter when receiving damage. Defeat the opponent before you lose it all.
Yoshimitsu x Unmanned Space probe
Spacecraft parked on your back. Wonder what it is looking for?
Kazuya x Volcano Head
A grand volcano resting above. Activate a Rage Art for an erruption!
King x Dangerous Chair
This is surely the strongest item?! Blow away your friends with this.
Kazumi x Soul Food
I can't fight with a hungry tiger. Eat to restore life.
Lars x Champion Head
The champion himself!?
Law x Steamy Chinese Food
A strange dish that grows with every hit. How about a bite after this?
Leo x Spelunker Mask
Perfect for covert operations? Let's act quickly
Lili x Elegant Corsage
An elegant corsage to color the hair. Looks are important, even in a fight.
Katarina x Bad Bazooka
Bazooka with big impact. Fire away at the opponent!
Akuma x Trouble Car
Defeat the opponent before they can damage your new car!
Josie x Mini Monkey Head
A cute monkey to watch over the match. Win the match and watch it come down.
Nina x Zaibatsu style Intercepting system
intercept the opponent down from above!
Steve x Speed Bag Head
The secret to great strength? Always training everywhere.
Xiaoyu x Panda Muffler Cap
An adorable Panda muffler cap for you wear, it's a necessity for the winter.
WASHINGTON -- When federal agents raided Oaksterdam University, Richard Lee's downtown Oakland, Calif.-based trade school, earlier this month, it wasn't simply a crackdown on a local pot business, it was one of the highest-profile moves in the Obama administration's nationwide assault on medical marijuana.
DEA and IRS agents hauled away computers, files and pot plants, leaving behind little more than office furniture. They did not disclose the reason for the raid and have not charged Lee with any crime as of yet. In an exclusive interview with The Huffington Post, their first since the raid, Lee, 49, blasted the federal crackdown as a senseless act of intimidation. "This is one battle of a big war," said Lee, "and there are thousands of battles going on all over."
"Before they were elected, [President Barack Obama] promised to support medical marijuana and not waste federal resources on this," Lee said. "About a year and a half ago, the policy seemed to change. They've been attacking many states, threatening governors of states to prevent them from signing legislation to allow medical marijuana. They've been attacking on many fronts."
Lee was a vocal advocate behind California's Proposition 19, a 2010 ballot question that sought to legalize marijuana. They put more than a million dollars behind the effort, which was opposed by the Obama administration and ultimately went down to defeat.
Medical marijuana is currently legal in California and 15 other states, plus the District of Columbia, and during their campaign for president, Obama vowed to stop the raids on medical marijuana users that were prevalent under George W. Bush, saying raiding patients who use marijuana for medicinal purposes "makes no sense."
It was in that political climate, in the fall of 2007 that Oaksterdam was founded by Lee, who started using medical marijuana for pain control more than 20 years ago, after a work accident left them paralyzed from the waist down. Often referred to as "the Princeton of pot," the school has offered classes to would-be medical cannabis caregivers and patients in subjects ranging from horticulture to business to the finer points of running a dispensary.
About 15,000 students have graduated from Oaksterdam to date, according to Dale Sky Jones, the school's executive director. On October 15, 2010, however, Attorney General Eric Holder announced that federal authorities would continue to prosecute individuals for marijuana possession, even in states that have legalized it. That "threw a wet blanket" on enrollment at Oaksterdam, Jones said.
Then, last June, the Justice Department went even further. Deputy Attorney General James Cole argued in a memo that "caregiver" protections applied only to "individuals providing care to individuals with cancer or other serious illnesses, not commercial operations cultivating, selling or distributing marijuana." That meant pot shops, even those operating legally under state law, were vulnerable again.
Since then, the administration has unleashed an interagency cannabis crackdown that goes beyond anything seen under the Bush administration, with more than 100 raids, primarily on California pot dispensaries, many of them operating in full compliance with state laws. Since October 2009, the Justice Department has conducted more than 170 aggressive SWAT-style raids in 9 medical marijuana states, resulting in at least 61 federal indictments, according to data compiled by Americans for Safe Access, an advocacy group. Federal authorities have also seized property from landlords who rent space to growers, threatening them with prosecution, and authorities have even considered taking action against newspapers selling ad space to dispensaries.
"There's no question that Obama is the worst president on medical marijuana," Rob Kampia, executive director of the Marijuana Policy Project, told Rolling Stone in February.
The IRS has joined in the attack, invoking an arcane tax code provision originally intended to stymie druglords. That law, known as IRS Code Section 280E, is an uncontroversial measure aimed at preventing criminals from deducting the costs of their illicit activities from their taxable income. But the IRS has interpreted it to apply to medical marijuana dispensaries in such a way that they can no longer deduct the cost of salaries, rent, inventory and other operating expenses. Few brick-and-mortar businesses are able to survive under those terms, as taxes end up being substantially larger than profits.
Lee told HuffPost they think the tax issue is where the school may have run into trouble with the authorities.
"It may have something to do with the 280E taxes we've been forced to pay," they said. "It was impossible to pay them on top of the other taxes we're forced to pay: $60,000 to the City of Oakland for the permit fee, $130,000 for the Oakland Business Tax, 10 percent state sales tax, state income tax, federal income tax, unemployment insurance, workman's comp insurance, health insurance."
"Our income tax more than doubled because payroll, rent and other tax deductions were disallowed," they added. "On top of this, the federal government has been closing our bank accounts, making it more difficult for us to operate as a normal business and pay our taxes."
Jones said she's almost surprised the raid didn't come sooner. "There's just no way we can afford the building as it is," they said. "We always half expected it."
The IRS used the same provision in late 2011 to pursue Oakland's Harborside Health Center, one of the largest and most respected dispensaries in the state, demanding $2.4 million in taxes, a full $2 million more than the 83,000-member dispensary actually paid for the year. "Federal prosecutors are not trying to clean up the regulated medical cannabis industry, they are trying to destroy it," said Harborside President Steve DeAngelo at a press conference in San Francisco in October.
"This is not just an attempt to tax us," they explained earlier this year. "It's an attempt to tax us out of existence."
Harborside has filed a petition in tax court to protest the IRS' assessment, which Harborside has characterized as "a dagger pointed at the heart of medical cannabis."
U.S. attorneys have repeatedly claimed that the decision to crack down on medical pot establishments was their own decision and not the result of any directive from Washington.
"The actions taken by U.S. attorneys are solely in response to concerns expressed in their communities and by law enforcement about the proliferation of large-scale grow facilities and distributors that clearly fall outside of the definition of individual caregiver," Justice Department spokesperson Laura Sweeney said.
Deputy attorney Cole has argued that the memo speaks for itself and has refused to say whether the crackdown in California represents a shift in federal policy that could lead to raids in other states.
It wasn't the policy that shifted, according to Sweeney, but rather "the landscape has evolved," they said, citing "industrial-scale marijuana operations planned in several states."
With the apparent disconnect between Obama's 2007 campaign promises and the actions of their administration over the last four years, voters may be skeptical of any statements out of the incumbent in the course of the coming election. The issue itself has growing and wide-spread support among the electorate. Gallup has found that a full 70 percent of Americans favor the legalization of prescription marijuana to reduce pain and suffering. In Colorado, a key swing state, two-thirds of voters favor legalizing medical marijuana.
If Lee is charged, Jones says they hope their case goes before a jury. "If they bring a fight, Richard is prepared to take it all the way," they said. "They can come after the guy in the wheelchair, and he'll stand up for their rights and the rights of the rest of us."
"It makes me irate that this is how we're spending our resources right now," they said of the federal raids. "And to watch them try to take down a school that's teaching everyone how to do it right, it just puts the exclamation point on it."
Oaksterdam, which will cease operations at its current location at the end of the month, "will have to start from scratch," said Jones, who is looking for a smaller, more affordable home.
Lee, for their part, is largely stepping away from Oaksterdam and is planning to focus their efforts on campaigns in Colorado and Washington state, where legalization initiatives are on the ballot this year.
As for the administration's murky position on drug legalization, Lee takes a dim view. "They can't have their cake and eat it, too," they said. "They can't keep it illegal and tax it. No more taxation without legalization."
In taking the UNLV coaching job last year, Dave Rice inherited a program in the midst of its most successful run since their playing days there—he played on the 1990 national championship team. They blended in UCLA transfer Mike Moser, upset then-No. 1 North Carolina early in the season, returned to the NCAA Tournament ... and promptly lost four seniors.
You'd think that would temper the enthusiasm about Rice's second season. You'd be overwhelmingly wrong.
Thanks to an infusion of blue-chip recruits and top-notch transfers and Moser's return after exploring a leap to the NBA, merely matching the results of 2011-12—a 26-9 record, third in the Mountain West, a sixth seed in the NCAAs and a No. 23 final ranking—won't quite be enough.
UNLV: No. 20 in SN's countdown
“I do know we have high expectations as a team,” Rice told Sporting News, “and as a basketball coach, it's not my job to manage expectations. I'm excited there's a buzz in our community and there's a belief that there's a chance for us to be good.
“I believe we'll be very good. But expectations are one thing I can't control.”
Good luck with it, anyway.
The reinforcements include a top-tier recruiting class, led by consensus All-American power forward Anthony Bennett, small forward Savon Goodman and point guards Katin Reinhardt and Daquan Cook. They also include Pitt transfer Khem Birch, a highly rated prep forward who will be eligible in December.
It won't include Connecticut transfer Roscoe Smith, who was denied in their bid to play immediately ... but has made such an impact since arriving that Rice made them a co-captain for this season anyway.
Still, the biggest reason for optimism is Moser, who knows a little about exceeding expectations. Now a junior, they went from UCLA's bench to being UNLV's best player, a first-team All-Mountain West selection who averaged 14.0 points and 10.5 rebounds and also was the league's top defender.
To that, Rice decided to ask them to add “leader” and “glue.” They didn't have to twist Moser's arm.
“I just kind of assumed the role,” Moser told Sporting News, adding that with the big roster turnover. “It's a quick transition in a year. But it's been good. We've got a lot of people who are willing to be led.”
It will change their role, responsibilities and, maybe, their stats. That doesn't bother Moser. It was part of the reason they stayed in school, they said—that, and the NCAA Tournament one-and-done, a loss to lower-seeded Colorado.
“I didn't come back to not win,” Moser said.
The expectations of great things for UNLV, then, aren't just coming from the outside.
College Basketball 2012-13
— Top 25 photo gallery
— SN's All-American teams
— SN's All-Freshman team
The Truro Company
Following the Onslow Expedition, the strange site on Oak Island lay undisturbed and submerged beneath volumes of water for nearly 40 years. Then, in 1845, fervor for the entombed mystery was reawakened. That year a member of the original dig, Anthony Vaughan, helped form the Truro Company. Together with John Gammell, Adams Tupper, Robert Creelmand, Esq., Jotham McCully and James Pitblado, the treasure-seeking Vaughan anticipated success. Also joining the Truro Company efforts was the brother of the Onslow Company's Simeon Lynds, Dr. David Barnes Lynds (Harris, 1967). With this team, the Truro syndicate represented an impressive collection of qualified and respected individuals.
In spite of the ambition surrounding the newly formed Truro Company, the men did not start further exploration until 1849. With improved funding and organization, the Truro Company began the fourth attempt at solving the Oak Island mystery. In the summer of 1849, the team arrived at the site and continued where the Onslow Company left off; removing water from the pit. After two weeks of laboring against the debris and water of the pit, the crew achieved a depth of 86 feet. These gains, however, did not last. The next day, workers were perplexed to find that the surface of the water had returned to 60 feet (Crooker, 1993).
Decidedly more prepared than their predecessors, the Truro Company was determined to reveal the tunnel's contents, even if human hands did not make the initial discovery. Seeing that the water had returned, the men fashioned a wood platform that they mounted over the mouth of the pit. Through an opening in the floor of the structure, the men plunged a hand-operated auger into the waters below. They hoped this contraption would give them an idea of what was buried beyond the 98-foot deep timber floor. The results of the remote probing could not have been anticipated by even the most optimistic among them (Harris and MacPhie, 2005).
According to Crooker, the auger initially only confirmed information the men already knew (1993). At a depth of about 98 feet, the auger came in contact with a layer of spruce approximately 6 inches deep. Following the log surface, the auger sunk through one foot absent of any material. This was consistent with Vaughan's past experiences with the pit. After every wooden platform, the excavators found a pocket of air from dirt that had settled below. To Vaughan and the others, it would follow that after another nine feet; the auger would again reach a wood surface and repeat the process. Surprisingly, the hand-powered drill delivered very different results.
Beneath the layer of settled dirt, the Truro Company noticed that the auger then penetrated a series of strata consisting of 4 inches of oak, followed by 6 inches of spruce, before entering seven feet of clay. To the crew, the oak and spruce represented more than just a new configuration of wood platforms. After so many failed attempts, this could finally be a chest containing the riches they sought. When the operators withdrew their probe from the pit, they were given even more reason for excitement. Attached to the auger, the men of the Truro Company found three small links of gold chain (Lamb, 2006). Between the wooden object buried beneath the timbers and the metal retrieved by the auger, the men were certain of their victory.
Bolstered by the success of their initial drilling, the Truro Company sent the auger down for another attempt. This time the probe was cast to 114 feet beneath the surface. At this depth, the auger hit another platform of timbers. Although no additional gold was retrieved from this drilling, the device did produce further confirmation of oak and coconut fibers. With the exception of gold coins, the drilling had produced convincing proof that some sort of cache lie buried below.
Perhaps the most convincing evidence that treasure was close at hand was furnished by human behavior amongst the team. According to Lamb, Truro Company supervisor James Pitblado did something very peculiar following the fourth drilling (2006). As the auger brought materials to the surface, other crewmembers witnessed Pitblado wipe dirt off an object before discreetly slipping the item into their pocket. Several accounts of the event indicate that immediately after this episode, Pitblado left the island and relinquished all ties to the Truro Company expedition.
Although Pitblado disappeared that day, they would not be absent from the narrative for long. Whatever Pitblado pocketed from the drilling debris had inspired them to petition the provincial authorities for a license to conduct their own excavation on the island. To help back their venture, Pitblado convinced lawyer and recognized business person Charles Dickson Archibald to join him. Unfortunately for the two, the only official privilege they were granted by the government was the right to continue their search on "ungranted and unoccupied" lands. Essentially, the splinter group of fortune hunters could only seek treasure on property not already deeded to a private owner (Crooker, 1993). This restriction barred the men from exploring the enigmatic Money Pit. After a rejected attempt to purchase the lot containing the pit, Pitblado and Archibald were forced to leave finding the potential riches to the Truro Company. Archibald eventually retired to England while the duplicitous Pitblado and their unknown trophy disappeared into the fog of history.
Despite the promising developments in 1849, the men of the Truro Company left the site for the season. When they returned in the summer of 1850, the team brought with them a renewed sense of purpose and a refined strategy to extract their wealth. Similar to the Onslow Company's second effort, the members of the Truro Company devised a plan that would descend a shaft parallel to the original tunnel. At a depth of 109 feet, the new tunnel would burrow horizontally, thereby entering the Money Pit (Harris and MacPhie, 2005). A daring spelunker would then collect the coffers and return to the surface to celebrate. As could be expected, the island would not succumb so easily.
Similar to previous attempts, before the adjacent access shaft could reach the intended depth, the new tunnel filled with water. While not the result the crew had intended, this episode did offer an important discovery. As the team worked to drain the deluge, the laborers made two valuable observations. First, the water present in the shaft was salty. Second, the level of the water rose and fell with the tide. Although simple, these observations had profound implications. Previously the company thought that the Money Pit was being inundated with water as either part of a complicated trap or as a result of the natural water table. Now the team knew that somehow it was the surrounding sea that flooded their excavations.
Equipped with this new knowledge, the Truro Company investigated the area for more clues. As though a veil had been lifted, the men discovered that a southern portion of the island's shore was actually manmade (Crooker, 1993). The company decided to build a temporary rock dam in Smith's Cove to see if the key to the mystery could be found outside the actual tunnel.
With the water held behind the cofferdam, the crew uncovered remnants of a previous dam as well as five peculiar vent openings. Tracing the vents back to shore, the investigators tried to determine whether the shafts converged into one before continuing inland toward the pit. Here, their suspicions were confirmed. In order to drain the Money Pit, the team would either have to empty the Atlantic Ocean or obstruct the feeder vent that connected the five shafts to the tunnel. They chose the latter. After two attempts to find the feeder vent, the crew succeeded and wedged wood pilings into the shaft to prevent further flooding. Thinking they could now remove the water and claim any treasure, the men were puzzled to find that, despite their best efforts, the water level refused to lower. The confused Truro Company ultimately broke camp and left empty-handed from the 1850 expedition. Deflated and destitute, the company disbanded the following year (Harris, 1967).
I want to play some Old School with Ice Age and will organize some online tournaments in that format.
Not a type II Ice Age, type II with Ice Age has its charms, but is mostly an established format, with the best decks very well known. Its top 3 (Necro, ErhnamGeddon and Sligh) are among the most important and interesting decks ever, so I play the format, but only in small measures. Adding Ice Age to the type I/93-94 card pool opens many avenues for innovation and would likely lead to a quite different metagame than the 93/94 one.
Here's a link to the TimeWalking version of the Old School 95 format.
Old School as Ice
Ice Age is the oldest magic expansion, in a way. When Richard Garfield was tasked to design the first expansion to be released (Arabian Nights), that interrupted their work on the first expansion to be designed : Ice Age. Arabian Nights was rushed, Ice Age was carefully planed. It would be released later but it didn't exist in isolation of the expansions released in 1994 since it was the first expansion to be worked on, continued to be developed during 94 and therefore had to have some influence on those expansions, and vice-versa. While it is still a '95 expansion, I don't think it's accurate to consider it any less old school than Arabian Nights, let alone The Dark. As of today I maintain Homelands in the format, a set that doesn't share that specificity, but then again, it will most likely see so little play that it seems hard to consider it any trouble. It's a set from 1995 so let's let people play it.
Post The Deck meta ?
While there are many good reasons to aspire to play with Ice Age, one of the main one is to leave the hold The Deck has on the usual Old School, or at least to consider such a thing likely. There are several reasons to expect The Deck to take a back seat :
It doesn't seem to gain much :
There are some candidates, but they don't seem to integrate that easily. Brainstorm, as discussed here, isn't very easy to profit from in this format, and the deck doesn't seem to be the good vehicle for such tech. And Zuran Orb isn't an incredible life gain source in the deck. Other decks and strategies do gain much :
The awesome Demonic Consultation and Orcish Librarian aren't suited to very slow decks, yet they're awesome cards as already discussed here and there. Ashen Ghoul, Dance of the Dead, and Stormbind are proven cards in successful decks (like Stephen Menendian's reanimator, and Vise Age). Knight of Stromgald only enhances the resilience to Swords to Plowshares, same thing for Order of the White Shield regarding The Abyss. Incinerate strengthen (counter)burn strategies, already strong adversaries of the deck.
The pain lands would be of no help to the usual 5c control The Deck. Conversely they help -sometimes in addition to Barbed Sextant– two and three coloured decks run with less City of Brass, if any, which makes The Deck's Fellwar Stones that much less powerful, and the 5-coulour plan risky. The Deck most likely can adapt and possibly tone down to 3 colours (you know the ones), but those sags add up, and what we'd end up with could possibly call a watered down version of the almighty The Book Deck we've been all too accustomed to. Zuran Orb, while not great in The Deck, enables two very strong decks : ErhnamGeddon and TaxEdge.
This slideshow requires JavaScript. The TimeWalking's '95 version has some features that are unfriendly to the deck :
The Mishra's Factory oppression on small creatures is over since we use the “tapped blockers” rule. The MF can block Kird Ape White/Black Knight, Elvish Archers etc. but not eat them (or make them not attack like the mini-moat that they are in old school with modern rules).
Changing The Abyss' trigger to happen during the draw step isn't just making it work almost like it used to, it also makes it weaker than it is with the modern oracle text (its current errata makes it considerably stronger, as if it wasn't broken enough !) : for instance a white weenie deck will regularly have a disenchant in hand, but that doesn't mean it can afford to leave two manas open to destroy an Abyss were the opponent to play it. Aggro decks generally can't afford to to that, so with the official text you'd lose that Savannah Lion during your upkeep to The Abyss, despite having a disenchant in hand, whereas back then you just had to not use The Abyss before disenchanting it. The difference might seem minute, in practice it's often game-changing.
Having 3+ Strip Mines legal may help to fight the deck. This is a disputed and debated point. I agree with Magnus de Laval when they find in testing that a MF-less version of The Deck seems to be virtually at least as powerful as the usual 4MF-one (in this format MF aren't restricted, but with 3 Strip Mines legal, lots of pump kinghts and the rules on tapped blockers, it makes sense that you wouldn't rely on them neither for survival nor to win). I did the same tests, ended up with the same wincons, the same strategy and had the same impressions. And this was true too with unrestricted Strip Mines. The resulting deck is considerably slower though. Drawn matches already being one of the main problem of the deck in timed rounds means that in this configuration the deck is much less apt at gaining points in tournaments. The slower the deck the weaker -all things being equal. Also, playing and abusing all colors becomes much harder with such cheap and uncounterable land destruction. And just having two islands untapped is much less of a guarantee to be able to counter a spell when Strip Mines are easily available. Not to be forgotten is that The Deck is (one of) the best deck to abuse Library of Alexandria, and the more Strip Mines the fewer chances of such abuse to happen (to me fighting LoA is the main reason to loosen the restriction on Strip Mine, it would be tempting to say that it also lets you unrestrict Mishra's Workshop, which is nice as it opens the door to new strategies, but since it also hinders considerably the Bazaar of Baghdad-based strategies then it seems we have a tie there).
Overall those “Time Walked”/original rules (Strip Mines restricted to three isn't even that anachronistic, if you played back then, you'd rarely find people play more than that, it was basically a card you would only play 4 of in a dedicated land destruction deck) all help keep the deck in check.
One thing the suggested version doesn't do though, is letting Necro decks go on the loose. Those would most likely be natural predators to traditional control decks, but like Eudogames we'll start by letting people be more creative than just recreating the Necrodeck with the bonus of dual lands to make them even more broken.
Spoilers
While expecting a post-TheDeck metagame is great, it isn't all there is to this format of course. While I don't want to spoil too much and prefer to let people explore and exploit the cards by themselves, here are a few interesting Ice Age cards that I've already alluded to on this blog, on my instagram account, or that are just well known already :
Nature's Lore gets you the dual you need as long as it's a forest and puts the land in play untapped, effectively costing one green mana, and shuffles your deck in synergy with Sylvan Libary, Brainstorm and Diabolic Vision.
Vexing arcanix isn't just gorgeous.
Orcish Librarian is the cornerstone of the original Sligh deck, and is like a Sylvan Library with incorporated shuffle, that is : incredible.
Ashen Ghoul hits hard and fast but is also a recurring threat in the late game. An excellent boon to reanimator.
Dance of the Dead isn't just another reanimation card, it's also a way to untap those fatties that needs untapping (like Colossus of Sardia and Deep Spawn).
Brainstorm needs no introduction, though it takes some work to make it “happen” in this format. No fetches around, not even a Thawing glacier.. you'll have to earn it ! 🙂
Portent was an underplayed cantrip I think. Not only can it dig for almost 4 cards, but also it can disrupt your opponent's topdecks or shuffle yours.
Forgotten Lore is the crucial card of several recursion decks. The key play being to cast a Timetwister, draw one of your four FL, get the twister back for only one mana, find a Time Walk and repeat. Sometimes you also just have an Ancestral Recall and a Forgotten Lore in your opening or twisted hand and you're not exactly unhappy either 😉
Jokulhaups was played in the Vise Age deck. It destroys a lot of stuff, but it keeps enchantments in play..
The environmentalist's best friend, Orcish Lumberjack at least put those forests to good use, making them do a convincing Black Lotus impression.
Pox is a classic. How to make a Pox deck in this format is a question for you to answer though.
With Pyroclasm the challenge would be to have something to say about it. I fail, read the card.
Stormbind is a key part of the historical Vise Age deck. It's also a discard outlet. Could this be used in a reanimator deck ?
In my opinion the most underused Ice Age card, Tinder Wall was part of the Vise Age deck though so there's no point in being coy : it's a star. It ramps, it accelerates, it blocks and trades with weenies, and it does all of those things very well. What more could you ask for ?
And just a reminder that Homelands isn't just for decoration : Merchant Scroll. To fetch your Ancestral Recall or Mana Drain while shuffling away your Brainstormed cards isn't exactly a bad deal, and is really just scratching the surface.
There are many more to find and exploit, but I'll leave that to you.
Wanna play ? We have monthly “Skype”/webcam tournaments announced on the Old School 95 facebook group. So register, we have a monthly tournament every 15th of the month !
Advertisements
The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) programme has long been under fire for its combination of meager employer contributions, exorbitant fees, and lackluster returns. Few were surprised when it was reported earlier this month that in the fifteen years since inception, MPF companies had raked in almost $70 billion in fees while delivering mediocre returns, effectively pocketing 38 cents for every dollar earned, according to one particular measure. MPF managers will be quick to point out that investment prowess does not come cheap, and there are costs associated with attracting and retaining talented investment managers to decipher market trends and research stock-picks.
On the surface, at least, it seems like a fair argument. There are bound to be operational costs with running an investment fund, regardless of whether performance goes up or down. What if, however, there were MPF products that don't need to hire portfolio managers and market analysts at all?
There currently exist several dozen MPF schemes that are so-called “index-tracking funds”. Rather than seeking to beat the market by investing in the right companies or regions, these products aim to mimic a stockmarket index such as the Hang Seng Index. These “copycat” strategies do so not by invoking some financial engineering wizardry, but simply by investing all their money in a single instrument – The Tracker Fund of Hong Kong (ticker code 2800).
The Tracker Fund of Hong Kong replicates the ups and downs of the Hang Seng Index and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, so it can be readily traded by anyone with a stock brokerage account. More importantly, it only charges a 0.10% fee each year. In contrast, index-tracking MPF products charge 0.72% to 1.05% in annual fees. They buy an existing product, mark up its price almost tenfold, and then sell it back to pensioners, pocketing the difference.
Pocketing ninety cents for every dollar charged is outright fraudulent and cannot be justified on the basis of costs. These MPF funds hardly have any cost – they do not require investment insight, portfolio management skills, or any decision-making processes. Index-tracking MPF products simply channel money from investors to the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong. As the cliche goes, it is a job so simple that even a monkey can do it.
MPF providers do not try to hide this fact. Their fund prospectus documents clearly state that the index-tracking fund does one thing and one thing only:
BCOM HSI Tracking (CF) Fund: The constituent fund will entirely invest in an approved index-tracking collective investment scheme (ITCIS), Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
BCT (Pro) Hang Seng Index Tracking: …investing solely in a single Index Tracking Collective Investment Scheme (ITCIS) (currently, the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
BEA Hong Kong Tracker Fund: Invest directly in a single Approved Index-Tracking Fund, namely the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
BOCI Prudential Hong Kong Tracking Fund: …will seek to track the performance of the Hang Seng Index of Hong Kong by investing into the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
Fidelity Retirement Master Hong Kong Tracker: …investing all or substantially all of the fund assets into the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
Invesco Strategic MPF Hang Seng Tracking Fund: To invest directly in a single approved index-tracking collective investment scheme, namely, the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
Principal Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund: To invest solely in a single Approved Index-Tracking Fund, the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong.
There is no mention that the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong is one-tenth the cost of their MPF product.
Exactly how much money is siphoned away from pensioners each year from unscrupulous pricing? At the end of 2015 there was roughly $45 billion invested in index-tracking MPF products, out of about $560 billion in the aggregate MPF market. By looking at how much each MPF fund charges compared with its cost of 0.10%, one can approximate how much these companies are “pocketing”:
MPF Scheme Fee Assets Under Management ($ millions) Pocketed ($ millions) BCOM (Joyful) – HSI Tracking (CF) Fund 1.03% $203.50 $1.89 BCT (Pro) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.91% $1,032.40 $8.36 BEA (Industry) – Hong Kong Tracker Fund 0.72% $5.65 $0.04 BEA (Master) – Hong Kong Tracker Fund 0.80% $87.10 $0.61 BEA (Value) – Hong Kong Tracker Fund 0.72% $23.51 $0.15 BOCI-Prudential (My Choice) – Hong Kong Tracking Fund 0.73% $75.74 $0.48 Fidelity (Master) – Hong Kong Tracker Fund 0.80% $234.87 $1.64 Hang Seng (SuperTrust Plus) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.94% $4,033.04 $33.88 Hang Seng (SuperTrust) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.95% $5,113.04 $43.46 Hang Seng (ValueChoice) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.93% $81.83 $0.68 HSBC (SuperTrust Plus) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.94% $13,764.53 $115.62 HSBC (SuperTrust) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.95% $17,680.30 $150.28 HSBC (ValueChoice) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.93% $639.69 $5.31 Invesco (Strategic) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 0.88% $108.12 $0.84 Manulife (Global) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 1.03% $1,473.10 $13.70 Principal (600) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 1.05% $181.70 $1.73 Principal (800) – Hang Seng Index Tracking Fund 1.05% $377.40 $3.59 Total $45,115.52 $382.25
Sources: Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA), MPFExpress.com, FE Trustnet Hong Kong
MPF index-tracking funds pocketed $382 million in 2015 for doing, quite literally, nothing. The lion's share of this loot goes to HSBC and Hang Seng, by far the two biggest swindlers. Allowing MPF companies to charge a dollar for buying a product on their pensioners' behalf that only costs 10 cents is blatant regulatory failure and further evidence of collusion between policymakers and big businesses.
Disclosure: The author neither owns nor intends to buy/sell shares of The Tracker Fund of Hong Kong or any of the asupervisorstioned MPF schemes.
Starbucks Corp. signage is displayed outside a Starbucks location in Glen Rock, New Jersey, U.S., on Wednesday, Jan. 22, 2014. Starbucks Corp. is scheduled to release earnings figures on January 23. Photographer: Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Revenue per employee is one measure of a company's productivity. Some companies generate significant revenue per employee that runs into the millions of dollars. Others generate only a fraction of that. While it can suggest a company is struggling, many companies with lower revenue per employee thrive with employees that appear to be less productive.
In many instances, these companies are in the restaurant and hospitality industries. For example, McDonald's paid the average crew members and cashiers only slightly more than the $7.25 per hour minimum wage, according to employee-submitted data from Glassdoor.com, an online career community.
A number of these businesses depend largely on labor from overseas. Such businesses include Amphenol, which produces electronic and fiber optic cables, and Cognizant, which offers IT outsourcing services. Often, such companies use foreign labor to provide low costs for their own businesses, as well as pass along cost savings to their clients.
Just because a company has relatively low revenue per employee does not mean it will stop hiring. As long as adding more employees continues to be profitable — returning more money to the company than it costs to find, train and pay a worker — businesses have an incentive to keep adding workers. A number of companies where the per-employee revenue is relatively low, such as O'Reilly Automotive and Starbucks, added a considerable number of jobs last year.
Based on figures from S&P Capital IQ, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the companies with the lowest revenue per employee. In order to be consistent, we used net revenue figures as reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Employee totals used in this analysis are based on S&P Capital IQ measure of full-time equivalent employees. In some instances, S&P Capital IQ employee totals may include franchisee workers, a large part-time or hourly labor force, or a largely foreign-based workforce. We also reviewed financial information published in company presentations, filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and metrics calculated by Morningstar. Darden Restaurants was excluded from this analysis, due to the recent divestiture of its Red Lobster chain.
Exploring ramshackle cottage—left vacant after a fire killed its elderly owner—sparked Fagerström's decadelong quest to document their wild new neighbors. The project culminated in The House in the Woods, a book published in Finnish, German, and English.
Once upon a time… There were some charming cottages in Finland. The people moved away. And the animals moved in
Fagerström spent several evenings waiting to capture their dog staring down a bank vole. Photograph by Kai Fagerström
This Red Squirrel was one of Fagerstrom's neighbors. Photograph by Kai Fagerström
On a summer night a family of badgers file into the kitchen from a tunnel they dug under the fireplace. It took four years before Fagerström finally caught the skittish, nocturnal weasels. For this shot they set their camera on a windowsill, then stood outside on a ladder for hours before pressing the shutter via remote control. Photograph by Kai Fagerström
Typically, Fagerström envisions an image, then plans the photo shoot. He'll set their camera at the perfect angle, throw out peanuts as bait, and wait for wildlife to wander into the picture frame, such as the squirrel poking around a door. “Sometimes you get lucky, but often it takes all night,” says the photographer, who has to adjust their settings for natural light since they don't even own a flash. Every so often a shot is pure happenstance. Photograph by Kai Fagerström
A pygmy owl flew in through a smashed window, surprising Fagerström: “He looked at me and sort of stamped their foot, as if to say, Go away, this is my place!” Photograph by Kai Fagerström
The House in the Woods Photograph by Kai Fagerström
A fox pup peeks out from a cat door in a dilapidated shed Photograph by Kai Fagerström
Advertisements
Interview - Frank Klepacki
Frank Klepacki is the musical shining light behind possibly the most successful strategy gaming series ever: Command and Conquer. Currently audio director at Petroglyph Games, he's been responsible for scoring many excellent other games including Blade Runner, Star Wars: Empire At War, and the Lands Of Lore series, while still finding the time to record many acclaimed solo albums. Their current project is Petroglyph's upcoming MMORTS, End Of Nations.
Frank will see you now.
Just another day at the office.
Frank & orchestra perform 'Hell March' at Games In Concert NL. Coolness rating: off the scale.
Rocktronic.
Quality has got to be there, has to sound like what's currently out there right now.
Network, attend game conventions, talks on the subject, get a feel for things.
Start small with indie devs or mod communities, get in some experience with working with teams, how the audio gets plugged into the game as to have a better understanding of approach to composing for it.
If you pursue in-house positions, maybe start as an intern, or junior position, if you're freelance then prepare to chase work more than doing it at first until you establish enough clients.
Don't just pursue 'games', pursue all media! Composing knows no bounds or formats.
Conceptual.
Did you enjoy the article above? If so please help us by sharing it to your social networks with the buttons below... Tweet Share
Doing great thanks, ramping up for the barrage of tunes I'm unleashing for the holiday season. ;)The most interesting tech thing I can tell you about that time period was that before audio became something viable to use through computers as we know of today, back then they were only capable of MIDI unless you chained MIDI clocks to something like ADATs to record audio on. The problem there though, was that if you committed to recording audio, you had to re-record everything if the composition needed a change in arrangement. And being that changes are often asked for, I preferred to have the song always be flexible for that. So I abandoned the use of recorded audio to any kind of tape, and instead used samplers to their max capability by recording audio phrases into them so they could be played and repeated at any point and easily change with the arrangements as I saw fit. That became my workflow for the longest time until DAWs became more prominent and useable on a single machine.I was introduced to Westwood and game development in general by being a tester. That opened my eyes to the idea of having a career in audio or art at the time, I could have gone either way. Ultimately I chose music and audio. As far as managing my time, I work full time at Petroglyph so game work is all done there. When I'm at home on my own time, I dabble in my various side projects until they get to a point where I feel they're done and ready for release.Who wouldn't? (laughs) I think it's awesome that game soundtracks are celebrated in the various ways they are, and it only shows that people are passionate about it and it's as viable as any other form of entertainment, and an important part of our culture.Sure! I don't get to play as many as I'd like, but when I do I always appreciate a good gaming experience. Favorite classic arcade game is. Favorite soundtrack wasIdeas usually start with melody and bass-line, or an initial rhythm to the piece. I start building on it from there, figure out where it should go, change keys, instrument choices, chord progressions, etc. until I get the whole arrangement temporarily sketched out, and then make more of the final decisions once it feels like it's filling out well enough. Must-have studio gear for me is Cubase Kontakt , and my signature Tagg guitar & bass.Well the first one had a teaser at the end for a sequel so there was an idea, so I initially thought the sequel would be a continuation of the first, instead they switched gears to. It was intentional to keep the music cohesive regardless of the time it took place, because it's centered around more of the over-the-top technology you progress to and use with the units, so it worked.Yes and yes! It was a challenge to sit there and pick apart every last detail and exact synth sound used and then re-perform / record it as closely as possible to sound just like the selections that were chosen from the film. One main differences many noticed though, was that the sound was very clean because it was all done with digital gear of the late '90's vs the analog recordings of the originals in the ‘80's. That exercise gave me whole other level of respect for Vangelis' brilliance.Live orchestral and choral performances, with my signature progressive rocktronic style mixed in with it! I'm very excited about it and consider it some of my best work to date.Sure, I've done voices forandas House Harkonnen, some of the voices in, and currently I've had a chance to showcase my widest range of character voices in, where I'm about seven characters or so.Quite a bit actually - while I do have control over the music and audio direction, I do interact with the teams on regular basis even if it's primarily the leads or producers, and make decisions or changes in response to the feedback from them. I'm always open to trying things out but most importantly you have to adapt to the game design as it comes together, and perhaps changes direction even at times.Viratia was written with my own comic book story in mind - so the music had a reason and a purpose and it was to accompany that. I hired fantastic artist Mark Molnar to do all the artwork and bring it to life. The comic was actually the insert of the physical CD, and its available digitally through my website only, the comic portion unfortunately didn't get included in the digital download services like iTunes and such which is a shame, but nothing I could do about that. Main point of it all was to be creative and have fun though. It was probably closer toin style / approach, with more gloomy ambient style tracks in it.Well the game publishers control the rights to the soundtracks, the C&C stuff is available on all the major digital sites even though it's not quite everything. A ultra complete set is something the fans ask me about all the time so I hope one day it all gets released officially. Otherwise, I think composers out there should release as much of their own music independently as they can. I was just discussing this with a fellow composer the other day. There are plenty of other uses for your music if it didn't get used in a game, or was a pitch that fell through, release it and try to license it as many other ways as you can. Why not? If it's good quality, someone will find value in it - they just need to hear it to be able to decide!
Photo: sportingnews.com
Height they say is might so it isn't any wonder how the world's tallest basketball players found their way to the premier basketball league in the planet - the NBA.
History of Giants
Photo: twitter.com
In the history of the NBA, there have been 23 players who measured at least seven feet and three inches ( 7-3 ) or taller. The tallest players in the history of the NBA were Gheorghe Muresan of Romania and the late Manute Bol of Sudan. Both behemoths were listed at 7-7 although Muresan was considered as slightly taller than Bol because the latter officially measured at 7-6 ¾ by the Guinness Book of World Records.
Among the NBA's human skyscrapers, Muresan lasted the longest in the league, playing a total of 307 games from 1993-2000. On the other hand, Bol was one of the NBA's premier shot blockers and is currently ranked 17th on the all-time list. They own the distinction as the only player in the league to have more career blocks than points.
The most popular and successful giant to play in the NBA is none other than Chinese superstar Yao Ming. Yao was measured at 7-6 and was the Houston Rockets' #1 overall pick in the 2002 NBA Draft. They were voted to start in eight NBA All-Star teams and was a five time member of the All-NBA team. Yao is the tallest player to play in the NBA All-Star game and is the tallest inductee to basketball's Naismith Hall of Fame.
Boos on Draft Night
Photo: nydailynews.com
Currently, there are two players in the NBA who stand 7-3 or taller. The tallest player in the league today is Boban Marjanovic of the Detroit Pistons. The 29 year old Serbian is officially measured at 7 feet and 3.5 inches ( 2.22 m ). Slightly shorter than Marjanovic is 7-3 Kristaps Porzingis of the New York Knicks who is the topic of our article.
The 22 year old Latvian was the Knicks' 4th overall pick in the 2015 NBA draft out of Latvia and their selection in the draft didn't come without any controversy. When Porzingis' name was announced by NBA commissioner Adam Silver on Draft night, they were greeted by jeers and boos from the Knicks' hometown fans who trooped to New York's Barclays Center hoping the Knicks would pick either Duke's Justise Winslow or Emmanuel Mudiay.
Porzingis was a 233 pound giant who resembled a lamppost more than they did a lottery NBA pick. They were a virtual unknown to fans because they didn't play college basketball and instead played in Spain. Even in Spain, they didn't stand out as a star with their numbers. That's where all those boos came from. But if there was something good that Jackson did during their disastrous stint as Knicks' president, it was drafting Kristaps Porzingis.
Phil Jackson's Legacy
Photo: insidepulse.com
Jackson won six NBA titles as head coach of the Chicago Bulls and was supposed to bring their Midas Touch to New York. Instead, the Knicks consistently languished in the bottom of the NBA's team standings during their tenure. To add to their woes, they made the unpopular choice of picking Porzingis in 2015.
“I have no idea what Phil Jackson is thinking,” said Mark Dantuono, 17, of Staten Island. “Maybe they think he's going to be the next Pau Gasol, but I don't think so. This is the worst thing I've ever lived through as a Knicks fan. They didn't score that many points in Europe. What's they going to do in the NBA?”
Two years later, the fans are surely regretting why they booed Kristaps Porzingis on draft night because they would become Phil Jackson's legacy in New York. What the fans didn't see on draft night in 2015, Jackson and their scouts did. And now, the rest of the world is beholding Porzingis' emergence.
Proving Critics Wrong
Photo: espn.com
To the surprise of their critics, Porzingis played an excellent rookie season They became the first player in NBA history to score at least 1000 points, grab at least 500 rebounds, block at least 100 shots and shoot at least 75 three pointers during their rookie. For their accomplishments, they were named to the NBA's All-Rookie team and finished 2md behind Karl Anthony Towns in the balloting for Rookie of the Year honors.
If Porzingis rookie year was surprising, their second season in the league even exceeded much higher expectations. Porzingis increased their scoring average from 14.3 during their rookie year to 18.1 points per game during their sophomore season and began to show signs that they could be the next big thing in the Big Apple. Porzingis showcased their all-around skills when they won the Taco Bell Skills Challenge at the 2017 NBA All-Star Weekend.
Yet despite proving their critics wrong during their first two years in the league, Porzingis was not done. What they achieved was just the tip of the iceberg. Porzingis wasn't just going to be a good basketball player. They were destined to become even greater than perhaps what Phil Jackson ever imagined.
The Emergence of Porzingis
Photo: bleacherreport.com
Before the current 2017-18 NBA season began, the Knicks traded longtime franchise player Carmelo Anthony to the Oklahoma City Thunder. That move signalled the transition to a new era in New York. The emergence of Kristaps Porzingis in the previous two seasons was enough to give them the keys to the car. And boy, was they ever so ready.
Porzingis is off to a torrid start to the 2017-18 NBA season. They became the first Knicks' player to score at least 30 points in five of the first six games of any regular season. After setting a career high 38 points against the Denver Nuggets on October 30, 2017, they re-set it five days later by pouring in a career-best 40 points against the Indiana Pacers.
Through 10 games, Porzingis had the best start to a season by any Knick in history. They scored 300 points in their first 10 games, beating the franchise record 298 set by the legendary Bernard King in 1984-85. Patrick Ewing has been the standard for the Knicks' greatness in recent memory but King was the best scorer to wear a Knicks uniform in this era. Porzingis emergence may change both.
A Unicorn
Photo: nba.com
Unicorns don't exist but Porzingis is often referred to as one because like a unicorn, they aren't supposed to exist. Actually, there are a trio of NBA players right now who have the right to call themselves as unicorns. There is Karl Anthony Towns in Minnesota, Giannis Antetokounmpo in Milwaukee and of course Porzingis.
Antetokounmpo is drawing waves for their do-it-all effort with the Bucks but when it comes down to being really unique, Towns and Porzingis stand out because of their ability knock down the three pointer better than many guards. Porzingis and Towns are two of eight power forwards and centers who have made at least 25 three pointers this season. Among the 8, Porzingis and the Magic's Nikola Vucevic are the only pair to shoot above .400. Porzingis tops the list with their .416 accuracy from three balls. Considering they are the tallest in the list, that's pretty impressive.
In an era ruled by the three point shot, the position of stretch four has emerged, highlighting the need of big men to shoot from the outside. The emphasis of top teams like the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets to shoot three pointers and the Boston Celtics' positionless basketball has made versatility the name of the game today. Kristaps Porzingis is one of the most versatile big men the game has ever seen.
via GIPHY
Future Looks Bright
Photo: newsday.com
Porzingis has been often hailed as the ‘next' Dirk Nowitzki, owing to their smooth and sweet shooting touch from the outside. But Porzingis doesn't just have range. They also have soft hands that give them the ability to finish with finesse around the basket. Not only that, they have added enough weight during the offseason so they can finish strong above the the rim, even while taking full contact.
Scoring has been Porzingis meal ticket. But that doesn't mean he's just a scoring machine. Porzingis also averages 7.3 rebounds and 2.17 blocked shots per game, making them also a force on the defensive end of the floor. Porzingis currently ranks 3rd in the league in scoring and 4th in shot blocks.
Thru 13 games this season, the Knicks are 7-6. That's not really an excellent record but given how the Knicks have been very bad in the last couple of years, their current performance is seen as one of the major surprises of the young season. Of course the Knicks can owe their success to the acquisition of new players like Enes Kanter, Doug McDermott and rookie Frank Ntilikina plus the much improved Tim Hardaway Jr. But there is no doubt that the renaissance in New York has been brought about by the spectacular play of Kristaps Porzingis. The future of New York has never been this bright. The fans who booed Porzingis on draft night? They're chanting MVP right now and you can't blame them.
Harvard Law School, moving to open its doors to a larger, more diverse pool of applicants, said on Wednesday that it would accept the graduate record examination, known as the GRE, for the admission of students entering its fall 2018 class.
The law school, whose alumni include senators, chief executives, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and President Barack Obama, is the second accredited law school in the United States to accept the GRE for admission. It follows the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law, which made the change a year ago.
At the time, Arizona's decision provoked a heated debate in the legal profession, which has long supported the Law School Admissions Test, or LSAT, over whether that test should be relied on as a single valid predictor of law school success.
Since Arizona's move, around 150 law school deans, including Martha Minow of Harvard Law, have expressed support for the change. Now Harvard Law is taking the same step. The school said it would start a pilot program in the fall, when students begin submitting applications for the three-year juris doctor program that begins in 2018.
Isabella Rossellini on the cover of i-D in 1987.
In 1980 Isabella Rossellini broke into, and totally disrupted, the modeling world. Making their professional debut at the the comparatively ancient age of 28, it was clear from the start they didn't give a shit about doing the regular way.
Them immediate success led Lancôme to enlist them as their muse in the late 80s, a role which turned Isabella into beauty legend. Spending 14 years as the face of the brand, their impossibly perfect gaze became internationally famous and immediately iconic. By the early 90s they had secured $2million a year contract with the brand, reportedly making them the highest paid model in the world.
Then they turned 40. Six days after their birthday Lancôme dropped them in favour of three younger models, including a 33-year-old Juliette Binoche. In 2002 they grimly told Vogue, "They sent me so many flowers on my 40th birthday, it was a morgue."
Isabella Rosellini in the Manifesto campaign.
But Isabella refused to be cast away so easily. They argued with Lancôme, explaining the presence of an older spokesperson would be good for business. Reasoning that their market, realistically, wasn't young ingenues, Isabella told them they better appealed to their customers—other women dealing with the ageing process who would see themselves in them
Today, looking at Charlotte Rampling's relationship with NARS and Celine's love of Joan Didion it's a reasonable point. But in 1996 they simply refuted that they were still too old.
Part of the packaging could be worn as bracelets and rings.
Isabella's ego was bruised by Lancôme, but it started their thinking about how real women see themselves (or don't) in beauty marketing and products. They had paid attention to Lancôme's market research, which found older women responded well to seeing older models in ads, "because they looked at me and were not frightened to grow older." Taking everything they had learned at the beauty giant—which was a hell of a lot—she decided to launch their own makeup line called Isabella Rossellini's Manifesto. Like her, it would be intelligent, practical and unlike anything else available. It would also fall victim to being ahead of it's time.
Isabella spent four years developing Manifesto, which now only survives as a perfume. Partnering with the Coty Group, the thinking behind their products was straightforward and today kind of obvious. But in the late 90s it was revolutionary.
A close up of the multi-use packaging.
In short, they made products for women. They thought about things that annoyed them in their own beauty case and sought to amend them. They told the SF Gate at the time, "What I envy about men, it isn't what you think—it's pockets. I want a makeup that you can carry in your pockets".
Just like women today, Isabella struggled with the "natural look" telling SF Gate, "Even if you want to do a simple makeup, you need at least six or seven products". As a solution, they created products that could be used in multiple ways—as eyeshadow, blush or lipstick. They came in 32 colours so every skin tone could find a match.
Lipsticks came with inbuilt mirrors.
Frustrated by carrying around ornate, but heavy glass foundation bottles they packaged theirs in single-use capsules. They wouldn't leak in a bag, and were perfectly portioned so you could snap them open and apply makeup in a car without making a mess. Everything came in clear plastic so women could see the product at a glance; containers were stackable to be tidy in a bathroom, and convenient to pack for travel.
The jars also came with colourful resin bands that could be used to organise products or worn as rings and bracelets. Them lipsticks were small because they noticed women rarely finished a whole tube. They also had a small mirror on the bottom to save you having to carry one or seek out a convenient reflection.
The actor was often photographed wearing the bangles that doubled as packaging decoration.
The Manifesto fragrance—with notes of sweet pea, pear, lime, lily and chestnut tree—was unisex. Isabella designed it to be shared with a partner, or for a woman who wasn't interested in being especially femme. They only half jokingly referred to the range as "a secret feminist plot".
Isabella clearly had a brain for practical design, but more impressive was willingness to embrace a diverse audience. Not only did their makeup cater to all skin tones, their adverts used models who looked like real people. Their ages ranged from 14 to 67, some had braces, some were plus plus sized and several different nationalities were represented. When asked why they said, "I always thought there was something offensive to take a white 20-year-old blonde and take them to represent all women."
Manifesto models featured women of various ages and nationalities.
Sadly, those ingenious lipsticks aren't available today, neither are the frustratingly perfect sounding stackable colour pots. In 2002 Coty cancelled the line, blaming a "slowdown in this category." At the time Annette Green, president of the Fragrance Foundation, told the NY Post they felt that the line had never really got off the ground or found its following. The cut came at the same time Coty announced they would be developing a beauty and bath line around Jennifer Lopez, then 31 and 18 years Isabella's junior. It didn't take long for people to suggest that less than a decade after being cut from Lancôme, they had once again been bumped for a younger woman.
Today, the brand is only survived by a fragrance, the odd lipstick on eBay and traces of media.
Models from the Manifesto campaign.
Looking at the Manifesto range today, it doesn't seem that different from products currently crowding makeup counters. And while diversity in modeling is still a huge issue, it's one that people are more open to discuss. Lancôme's recent campaigns also appear to have caught up with Manifesto and featured women of colour like Lupita Nyong and Arlenis Sosa Pena, plus current spokespersons Kate Winslet and Julia Roberts who are both in their 40s.
In other ways, makeup still hasn't met with Isabella's vision. Advertising remains a dreamy, artificial ideal: models run through mansions in ballgowns, and roll around on the beach without getting split ends. Isabella made makeup for women who had to get up early, go straight from work to an event or fit their whole lives into a carry on suitcase. They made products for herself. Here hoping someone else has such a revolutionary idea.
Credits
Text Wendy Syfret
Whenever I hear a powerful philanthropist piously proclaim, “I just wanted to give something back,” my first reaction is “Why not give it all back?” I say that because “giving back” is all about first taking away. Immense fortunes are derived from random luck, class background, tax avoidance schemes, off-shoring jobs, publically-funded research, inheritance, a low-federal minimum wage, and especially, from the labor of countless men and women who produced it. In Chris Rock's pithy words, “Behind every great fortune is a great crime.”
As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. stressed, “Philanthropy is commendable, but it must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice that make philanthropy necessary.” And that's the rub. The one thing that Big Philanthropy must overlook is the green elephant astride the boardroom's conference table, the economic system that causes and extends these injustices in perpetuity.
We know that the munificence of the rich is rarely directed toward those most in need but to donor alma maters and limited access cultural institutions. This enhances the giver's status among their or their peers while providing generous tax advantages. According to the Chronicle of Philanthropy, in New York State not one of the top 49 gifts of at least $1million went toward improving the lives of needy people. More typical was a gift of $190 million for Columbia University's business school and another of $40 million for an indoor cycling track. Often the donor's name is attached to the edifice.
Private philanthropic mega-foundations are tax exempt which means 40 percent of their wealth has been siphoned off. The top seventy foundations have assets in excess of seven hundred billion dollars and in one recent year the tax subsidies amounted to a loss of $53.7 billion dollars to the U.S. treasury (Bob Reich, Boston Review, 2013). For example, as recounted in Mark Dowie's book American Foundations, billionaire financier George Soros was conducting an executive session of their foundation when a spirited exchange occurred about grant-making priorities. Soros allegedly declared “This is my money. We will do it my way.” At that, a junior staffer pointed out that half the money didn't belong to Soros because if not placed in the foundation “it would be in the Treasury.” The staffer's employment was short-lived (Reich)
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Just to be clear, some Big Philanthropists have done some good work. However, as Peter Buffet (Warren Buffet's son) has argued, philanthropy is largely about letting billionaires feel better about themselves, a form of “conscience laundering” that simultaneously functions to “keep the existing system of inequality in place...” by shaping the culture.
Gara Lamarche, a veteran grants administrator for large foundations, comes closer to candor than most by advocating forms of giving that go beyond laudatory volunteering at soup kitchens or reading books to underserved children. Echoing Dr. King, they say we need to “expose the root causes and structural conditions that result in hunger or lack of access to education in the first place.” Tellingly, Lamarche goes no further. Why not? Because philanthro-capitalists believe and want us to believe they're indispensable, that only their fundamentalist, free market system can save us. Above all, we should never look to a democratically accountable government to insure every citizen has a social right to quality health care, first-public schools, free universities, employment security, dignified retirement, and an environmentally safe planet. This anti-government narrative is prompted by fear that a robust government pursuing these ends could also curb their control of the nation's resources.
Finally, it's terminally naive to expect the new Gilded Age plutocrats, 16,000 individuals or .01 percent with as much wealth as eighty percent of Americans will commit class suicide. Their wealth won't midwife a world into existence in which they and their progeny no longer rule. The rest of us shouldn't hesitate in undertaking this long overdue transformation.
Breaking Down Del Potro's Forehand
Breaking Down Delpo's Forehand
If I were to go down the short list of the biggest weapons in the sport of tennis, the forehand of Juan Martin del Potro would be high on that list. In terms of sheer velocity with precision, there are precious few groundstrokes that even begin to compare. For a 6'6 man, del Potro has served that is good but not great.  They are 19th on the tour in ace %, with many shorter men ahead of him. del Potro's backhand is similar – a solid stroke without being spectacular. Delpo has ridden their forehand to a US Open title, and two Olympic medals.
What makes it so good?
Grip
The first part of understanding del Potro's incredible pace of shot is the grip – just how they hold the racquet.
Juan Martin is using an Eastern forehand grip on their forehand – the same grip used by Federer. While it has fallen out of vogue with the vast majority of coaches, the Eastern forehand grip is the grip that makes it easiest to achieve full extension of the arm at contact. Additionally it is the grip that allows for a harder, flatter shot on the widest variety of ball heights (although it helps when you're 6'6 like Delpo!).
The Take-Back
The second piece of the power puzzle for Delpo is their take-back. del Potro's forehand take-back is an unusual one in the modern game. Most of the modern elite forehands begin with the hand preceding the racquet head during the earlier stages of the swing. Delpo does the opposite.
I'll compare it in this case to Federer, whose forehand is generally a heaver yet lower velocity ball than del Potro's. The difference is quickly and easily apparent. But what impact does this initial position actually have?
When we look at the stage of the forehand that will immediately follow this moment in time, the position of the racquet head relative to the hand and forearm has a big impact on the ease of wrist movement and engagement. From Federer's position it is very easy to create what I term ‘wrist-lag', whereby the racquet head is behind the hand in the stroke and must accelerate rapidly to catch up. This is a position from which the wrist can be heavily engaged in the stroke, and allows for easier and higher spin production.
In contrast, del Potro is situating themselves for minimal wrist movement, which will lend itself to a flatter ball. The plus side is with less moving parts, there may be a precision-advantage.
When we look at similar positions from these four players, it's easy to see who is likely to hit the flattest ball out of them all. Delpo's racquet face is open, and ready to drive directly through the ball. The other three all have the racquet face closed off to varying degrees, and are set up for massive wrist engagement and a much more heavily spun ball.
I feel compelled to mention at this moment that the setup of, say, Federer doesn't preclude them from hitting a very hard, very ‘flat' ball. Indeed we've seen Roger do so at will throughout their career. Federer is certainly capable of hitting del Potro level pace off the forehand, they just has made a conscious choice not to as often. The forehand structure of Federer allows for more variety and options than del Potro's – it is a technically superior shot. However for del Potro, the sustained pace, power and aggression make perfect sense in the larger picture of their game.
The Extension
The final piece of the puzzle for the power of del Potro's forehand is their extension to the ball. This is where physics and tennis meet. We know from physics, that if an object is traveling at a given rotational velocity, the further from the center of rotation the object is the faster it's linear velocity. In plain English, the further from your body you hit the ball, the faster your racquet is going (all other things being equal).
As we can see from these two images, Delpo gets great extension to the ball. On their typical forehand, their arm is either dead straight, or has a very small bend in it. Part of the beauty of Delpo's forehand though is their height – at 6'6 they have arms that are, well, probably longer than yours. A lot longer. This means their extension to the ball is going to be longer, and as a result they can just hit the ball harder than most people.
Trunk Rotation
Del Potro's forehand is a little unusual in this area. The modern forehand is very much a rotational stroke – players coil to varying degrees with their hips and shoulders. Much is made by many teaching professionals about this being the main source of power in the stroke. It is interesting then that one of the most powerful forehands in the history of the sport employs relatively little shoulder rotation!
In the image above we compare their shoulder rotation to that of Federer in 2004. As you can clearly see, del Potro has less rotation of the shoulders than Federer does. It is interesting to note also the way del Potro's right hand is not as far ‘behind' the contact point as Federer's. This means that del Potro will have a more linear swing path with their hand from this position to the point of contact, whereas Federer's will be more rotational. How does the shoulder rotation of other players compare?
A quick look at two other pretty big forehands – Fernando Gonzalez on the left and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on the right show that del Potro's shoulder rotation is smaller than not only Federer's. Both of these players have more trunk rotation than Delpo does on their forehand.
That's all well and good, but what does this actually mean?
Pluses and Minuses
This is where we get into some tricky areas of high level tennis technique. We can say with some level of certainty that del Potro gives up something with their reduced torso rotation – namely the potential for higher racquet-head speed due to an increased acceleration distance. But when we're talking about one of the biggest forehands in the history of the sport, does that have any practical implications? And is it possible that maybe, just maybe, this reduced rotation gives Delpo some advantages?
Here's the reality – the pace of Delpo's forehand, while formidable, isn't really that extraordinary on the professional men's tour. There are plenty of guys out there able to hit absolutely huge forehands. What does make del Potro's shot especially special is the precision with which they wield that power. Most players on the pro tour with big forehands are also hitting with a lot of spin – spin that they need to control the higher speedball and increase their margin for error. Delpo eschews that heavier spin needed by normal forehands.
It just may be that their lessened shoulder rotation, while sacrificing some small amount of racquet head speed, pairs with their more linear stroke to give them a more consistently reproducible stroke. That they give up a hint of power – which they have in abundance – for more stability, which they need given their lower margin for error.
Summary
Del Potro's forehand is one of the most potent weapons in the game. The few key factors that allow them to hit with such pace and precision are:
Eastern forehand grip, which allows them to hit a flatter ball over a wider range of contact points
Their unusual take-back, which primes their stroke to use less wrist than most modern forehands
The extension afforded them by their stroke combined with their 6'6 frame
Their stroke, while more linear than many at the top of the game, is also very stable and accurate
Can you hit forehands like Delpo? Maybe not exactly. But understanding the pieces that come together to give them this stroke will allow you to hit in a more Delpo-like fashion.
Questions or comments? Send me an email! glen@tacticaltennis.com
Remember when nobody knew what the internet was? It's happening again.
Cryptocurrencies' collective market caps have shot up as high as $177 billion, as of the time of writing this piece. Considering the year started in the low tens of billions, that's a considerable jump. That's a lot of growth in less than 10 months, and things don't appear to be slowing down anytime soon.
Since the advent of the internet itself and the subsequent digital gold rush, people have been looking for the next big thing.
You may remember this video, when hosts of the Today show were asking, “What is internet?” That was back in 1994, when most people didn't understand what the internet was.
The same thing is happening now, but it's called blockchain.
The characteristics are similar. Blockchain is a technology that is new to most people (except insiders), and hardly anyone actually understands it. The technology is infinitely complex (cryptographic hashes and deep algorithms) and extremely simple (a decentralized ledger) at the same time. Just the way the internet was to people back in 1994.
Blockchain is creating an avenue, so to speak, on which technology can catch up and disrupt outdated industry and add on to sophisticated industries in a disruptive way. There are lots of outdated industries that just haven't had the right technology yet to disrupt them.
“Blockchain is going to quickly make its way into a lot of old industries and replace traditional processes — everything from manufacturing to farming, to oil and gas, and especially my favorite, shipping,” said Blockchain World Conference speaker John Monarch.
The entire venture capital industry has been taken over by token sales (ICOs) this year. More money has been raised recently through token sales than all of VC combined, according to calculations I've seen.
If you had asked anyone a few years ago if something would come along that would disrupt the venture capital industry, the person would have thought you were crazy.
GreenleafCM wrote: Ur Haruspis wrote: Baartvedt wrote: Ur Haruspis wrote: Olivia might be the female Spartan on the cover of Last Light, so maybe that book will elaborate on the issue.  They are indeed Olivia. In the case that Saber is killed off in Last Light, then we'll have had that spoiled for us a year in advance which would be rather... well, rubbish, really. Considering it's murder mystery novel, I reckon they probably will. *shrugs*
Nobody ever said the Catalog was perfect.
And seeing as how it's refused to change or elaborate on it's original statements about Saber, I'm sure 'Last Light' will give us a proper explanation for them being marked KIA in 2553. And even with that knowledge in mind ahead of time, we don't have the whole story as to what that's all about - which makes the series of events leading up to it still potentially very interesting and worthwhile.
I'm not denying that the novel won't be great regardless of foreknowledge of Saber's fate if it comes to pass that they are indeed going to be killed off, but I very much hope that the novel gives them their due because they were largely cast aside in Glasslands (which is one step above Jerrod being thrown in canonical limbo, at least) and we've heard next to nothing of them since.Essentially, I don't want another Black Team to be pulled where we have this great cast of unique, interesting, and racially diverse characters to just get dropped. So the onus is on Mr Denning to deliver for those characters, and I have every confidence that they will.
The team behind Star Trek: Discovery has been reaching out to Star Trek vets for cameo appearances and directing jobs, and while some have answered the call, one-Star Trek: Voyager star passed on the offer.
At this year's Star Trek Las Vegas convention, Robert Duncan McNeill, who played Tom Paris on Star Trek: Voyager, said that they were offered a directing job on Star Trek: Discovery but had to turn the offer down.
“I don't know anything about Discovery, to be honest,” McNeill said (via Trek Movie). “A couple of friends of mine have directed, like Frakes. I hope it is successful. They did ask me for some dates [to direct] but I just wasn't available.” McNeill made it clear that they would love to direct an episode of Star Trek: Discovery if their schedule clears up.
“I would love to do it,” they said. “I hope it is a huge success. It is good for the fans, it is good for the franchise. It is good for the future of Star Trek.” McNeill did find time to direct an episode of Seth MacFarlane's comedic Star Trek homage, The Orville, reunited with former Star Trek: Voyager showrunner Brannon Braga, is now an executive producer on The Orville.
“I directed one [episode of The Orville],” McNeill said. “Everybody's very cautious of the legalities of a spaceship that looks a lot like other spaceships…” McNeill and Braga both had significant roles in what is considered to be one of the worst episodes of Star Trek: Voyager's seven-season run on television. Set 10 years prior to the five-year mission of the Enterprise in Star Trek: The Original Series, Star Trek: Discovery follows the adventures of Starfleet on their missions to discover new worlds and new lifeforms , and one Starfleet officer who must learn that to truly understand all things alien, you must first understand yourself. The series will feature a new ship, new characters, and new missions while embracing the same ideology and hope for the future that inspired a generation of dreamers and doers.
AFP/Getty Images In Hong Kong, competition to get into a good school starts at a young age.
An essay titled “Why Chinese Mothers Are Superior” — written by Chinese-American Amy Chua and published last Saturday in The Wall Street Journal — stoked strong emotions and struck a special nerve here in Hong Kong. The story even drew a response from the city's leading English-language paper, the South China Morning Post, which featured a story with the headline “Tough-love Chinese mother draws shock and awe,” on Thursday.
But parents in Hong Kong may be a special case: The city is largely Chinese, but it has a large expatriate population and many of them are Western-educated Chinese — or ethnic-Asians — who have had exposure to foreign parenting styles. What is their reaction to Ms. Chua's story?
Editing is about story as much as it is delivering kinetic thrills and jarring action.
When Thelma Schoonmaker won the first of their three Academy Awards for “Raging Bull,” they humbly told journalists that they believed they were being honored for work done by the director, Martin Scorsese.
“I won the Oscar for ‘Raging Bull' for those fight sequences,” said Schoonmaker in a 1991 interview with Wide Angle/Closeup. “If you look at those fight sequences, those were so incredibly storyboarded and shot in an incredible way – that is the conception a good director has to bring.”
READ MORE: Oscars 2017 -Editors on Bold Storytelling in ‘La La Land,' ‘Manchester by the Sea,' ‘Moonlight,' and More
All below-the-line talent interprets a director's vision through their crafts, but the editor's work is most closely associated with the director's. From 1981 to 2016, every Best Picture winner, except “Birdman,” was nominated for Editing. “Birdman” features long, unedited takes and elaborate camera movements; that might be the only way to separate the quality of a film from its editing.
One thing that makes the art of cinema distinct is its ability to show the viewer something, CUT, and connect it to something else that creates new meaning, understanding, and feelings. It's almost impossible to separate editing from the film itself, which makes ithard to decipher how the editor aids, influences, alters and sometimes fixes the director's original intention.
Schoonmaker and Scorsese's four-decade partnership may be the most inextricably linked. No one in the filmmaking world, except for possibly Schoonmaker herself, underestimates their contributions. But to their larger point, quantifying that contribution is nearly impossible.
So how do Academy voters evaluate a film's editing? How should they?
There's no simple answers, though history presents definitive patterns. Just as a period film has a distinct advantage in the Best Costume category, the boldest (or most blatant) uses of editing are often more likely to be rewarded.
READ MORE: Editing ‘Jackie': How a Classical Biopic Became an Elliptical Ghost Story
Last year, three of the five Best Editing nominees went to “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” “The Revenant,” and category winner “Mad Max: Fury Road.” All three films were superb examples of action, movement, and edge-of-your-seat excitement delivered by well-edited sequences that brought the viewer inside visceral scenes. Films that balance well-told stories with memorable, kinetic action are Best Editing catnip.
Films that match real-world violence with character psychology are also often rewarded. When guns are connected to protagonists' emotional experiences and internal states, voters are quick to recognize the editor's contribution. This is especially true for historical stories, or ones based on real events; recent examples include best editing nominees “American Sniper,” “The Hurt Locker,” “Captain Phillips,” “Inglorious Basterds,” and “Zero Dark Thirty.”
Summit Entertainment
An interesting variation of this was the 2014 Best Editing winner “Whiplash.” (The producers liked to call it “‘Full Metal Jacket' at Juilliard.”) Drums aren't guns, but there's violent physicality in the protagonist's drumming that connects to the psychological torture and internal conflict that drives the drama. Like war films, there's a jarring, emotional element to how we experience the character's troubled internal state. That element also came into play in “Raging Bull,” and another editing nominee, “Black Swan.”
Action and/or psychological violence figures into many of this year's editing favorites, including John Gilbert (“Hacksaw Ridge”), Julian Clarke (“Deadpool”), Mark Livolsi (“The Jungle Book”), Joan Sobel (“Nocturnal Animals”), Jabez Olssen (“Rogue One: A Star Wars Story”), Blu Murray (“Sully”), and Jake Roberts (“Hell or High Water”). These editors help execute a directors' plan with precise cutting and pacing.
Editors also play a critical role in shaping a film's narrative and how a story is told. On their last two collaborations with Scorsese, “Wolf of Wall Street” and “Silence,” Schoomaker helped them shave nearly 45 minutes off of each film while maintaining their strong narrative flow and character arcs.
READ MORE: Filmmaker Toolkit Podcast: How Drunk Astrophysicists Inspired ‘Arrival' Scribe Eric Heisserer to Become a Screenwriter (Episode 14)
Successful editors require a strong sense of story, which isn't a flashy skill and often goes unrecognized. On the Filmmaker Toolkit Podcast, “Arrival” screenwriter Eric Heisserer said editor Joe Walker did an extraordinary job working with director Denis Villeneuve to connect story elements that weren't meant to be juxtaposed. The result was stronger and clearer story beats.
Paramount Pictures
In editing “Jackie,” editor Sebastián Sepúlveda reinvented the inventive cross cutting in Noah Oppenheim's script to place the audience inside the emotional haze created by director Pablo Larrain and actor Natalie Portman. Or take editor Jen Lame's work in “Manchester By Sea,” where they tweaked the film's flashback structure to strengthen the audience's connection to the character arc — which will likely aid Casey Affleck to winning a Best Actor Oscar.
READ MORE: ‘Manchester By the Sea': How Editor Jennifer Lame Shaped Kenneth Longeran's Film — Consider This
In these cases, the editor adapts and strengthens the screenwriter's work. Editors are storytellers; when Los Angeles Film Critics Assn. recently honored the documentary “OJ Made in America” with its Best Editing Award, it was a reminder that the purest form of editing is creating narrative and meaning from unscripted material.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Fahrenheit was an effort to create a unified high-level API for 3D computer graphics to unify Direct3D and OpenGL. It was designed primarily by Microsoft and SGI and also included work from an HP-MS joint effort.
Direct3D and OpenGL are low-level APIs that concentrate primarily on the rendering steps of the 3D processing "pipeline". Programs that use these APIs have to supply a considerable amount of handle the rest of the pipeline. Fahrenheit hoped to provide a single API that would do most of this work, and then call either Direct3D or OpenGL.
Much of the original Fahrenheit project was abandoned, and Microsoft and SGI eventually gave up on attempts to work together. In the end, only the scene graph portion of the Fahrenheit system, known as XSG, saw a release and was discontinued shortly afterwards.
History [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
In the 1990s SGI's OpenGL was the de facto standard for 3D computer graphics. Prior to the mid-90s different platforms had used various custom solutions, but SGI's power in the graphics market, combined with the efforts of the OpenGL Architecture Review Board (ARB), led to the rapid standardization of OpenGL across the majority of the graphics workstation market. In the mid-1990s Microsoft licensed OpenGL for their Windows NT operating system as its primary 3D system; Microsoft was positioning NT as a workstation-class system, and OpenGL was required in order to be a real competitor in this space. Initial support was released in Windows NT Workstation version 3.5 in 1994.[1]
Confusing matters was Microsoft's February 1995 purchase of RenderMorphics.[2] Their Reality Lab product was a 3D library written specifically for gaming purposes, aimed primarily at the "low end" market. After renaming it to Direct3D 3.0, Microsoft released it as the primary 3D API for Windows 95 and game programming. This sparked off a massive debate, both in Microsoft and out, about the merits of the two APIs and whether or not Direct3D should be promoted.[3][4][5]
Through the mid-90s SGI had been working on a series of efforts to provide a "higher level" API on top of OpenGL to make programming easier. By 1997 this had evolved into their OpenGL++ system, a retained-mode C++ API on top of OpenGL. They proposed that a modified version be used as a single API on top of either OpenGL or a new high-performance low-level API that Microsoft was known to be working on (not based on Reality Lab). This would not only hide the implementation details and make the OpenGL/DirectX war superfluous, but at the same time offer considerably better high-level interfaces for a more robust object oriented development environment.
The OpenGL++ effort dragged on in the ARB through 1997. Although SGI committed resources to the project in order to provide a sample implementation, it appears they were unhappy with progress overall and complained "There's been lots of work, but relatively little communication."[6] Microsoft in particular had stated in no uncertain terms that they would not be supporting the effort, and SGI felt that their support would be essential for any efforts moving forward.
Announcement [ edit ]
A joint press release in December 1997,[7] followed by an announcement at an ARB meeting in early 1998 by SGI,[8] announced that work on OpenGL++ had been abandoned and SGI had partnered with Microsoft to produce a new system code-named "Fahrenheit". SGI was to provide the primary "mid-sized" API used in most applications, Fahrenheit Scene Graph,[9] as well as a modified version for handling very large models from CAD applications, Fahrenheit Large Model. Microsoft would provide a new low-level rendering engine for Windows known as Fahrenheit Low Level, essentially a replacement for the Reality Lab-based version of Direct3D.[10] The project was officially announced at SIGGRAPH 1998 for release in late 1999 or early 2000.[11]
Fahrenheit became the primary focus of development at SGI. Their MIPS-based workstations were quickly losing the performance lead they had in the early 1990s, and the company was in serious trouble as the average PC slowly but surely encroached on the high-end graphics market. SGI saw Fahrenheit as an exit strategy; once complete they would be able to move to a PC-based lineup while still offering the best development tools for a now universal API. Although no porting work began, toolkits like Open Inventor and OpenGL Performer were intended in future to be layered on Fahrenheit, meaning that they could deliver a single fully functional development system for Fahrenheit when it shipped, supporting both their existing customers and new ones.[10]
Cancellation [ edit ]
By 1999 it was clear that Microsoft had no intention of delivering Low Level; although officially working on it, almost no resources were dedicated to actually producing code.[11] At the same time Microsoft was in the process of massively investing in DirectX 7.0 (similar to 3.0 largely in name only). Without Low Level, Fahrenheit couldn't be delivered on Windows, and the project stalled. Eventually SGI abandoned work on Fahrenheit[12] and started planning other Scene Graph products which became the last in a series of such projects.
By 2000 DirectX 7.0 was in the marketplace, and proving quite popular. DirectX had become the primary API during the rise of 3D gaming in the late 1990s. Microsoft did release Fahrenheit Scene Graph as XSG the same year, but did so with a note saying it would not be supported. No new versions of XSG were ever released, and all of the pages related to either Fahrenheit or XSG on both the Microsoft and SGI web pages have since disappeared. Hardware accelerated OpenGL support was dropped from the included video drivers in Windows XP, although most video card manufacturers deliver their own implementations.
Description [ edit ]
As compared to Open Inventor or Iris Performer, the design of the XSG included some novel ideas. The composition primitives and traversal methods allowed applications to construct scenes in a manner best suited to the structure of the data being visualized, but then to apply a scene graph optimizer to restructure the scene for more efficient rendering without changing the scene's appearance. The developer simply did whatever seemed natural, and the system made it work quickly.
Pipelined rendering allowed a multithreaded application to construct the scene, cull its primitives, and render it in different threads (borrowing from the Performer app-cull-draw pipeline). The representation of primitive scene data was optimized to minimize the amount of data stored so as to avoid completely duplicating it on a thread-by-thread basis.
One of the unique features of XSG was the ability to replace most of the built-in methods for walking the graph with your own versions. Developers could write new functions for quickly traversing their known methods of storing data inside XSG, and then chain them into existing rendering paths.
David Blythe, the primary architect of Fahrenheit at SGI, worked at Microsoft on DirectX until 2010.  They are now Chief Graphics Software Architect at Intel.
See also [ edit ]
Nouveau stealth, retro awesome Disguise your computing device as a mere child's toy
Kickstands for easy typing in landscape mode
Officially licensed Etch-a-Sketch product
The problem with fancy electronic devices is that people want to steal them. There are how-to guides out there that teach you how to deter thieves by uglifying your digital camera to make it look like an old film camera. But you can't really ugly up an iPad and make it look like something it's not. Sure, you can put it in a notepad-style case, but thieves know to look for those. But what if your iPad looked like... an Etch-a-Sketch? Nobody would look twice at an Etch-a-Sketch in the backseat of your car.
This iPad case is as functional as it is whimsical. It's a fully functional, protective iPad case made of impact resistant ABS plastic and molded to look exactly like an Etch-a-Sketch. Know why? It's made in the same factory that makes the original Etch-a-Sketch toy. You can even run the Etch-a-Sketch app while using your iPad in its Etch-a-Sketch case, which is so much awesome that our heads might explode.
On Wednesday, pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow that Bill Clinton's recent comments calling Obamacare a “crazy system” were “devastating” but are already “being discounted” as if the former president were “the King Lear … or the crazy uncle up in their attic.”
“I think Bill Clinton's comments yesterday on healthcare were amazing. And already that's being discounted like they are the King Lear … or the crazy uncle up in their attic. But those are devastating comments,” Caddell said.
Clinton was critical of Obamacare on the stump, as Breitbart News reported yesterday:
“So you've got this crazy system where all of a sudden 25 million more people have health care and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. It's the craziest thing in the world,” Clinton said about President Obama's health care reform during a rally in Flint, Michigan on Monday.
As for what Republican candidate Donald Trump needs to do now in a race that Caddell sees as close based upon recent polling, said Caddell, “The thing they need to do better is raise the stakes in the election into a referendum.”
They noted that the choice for voters is “whether or not they're going to take back control of their country. That's what this revolt has been all year in both parties … the Sanders effort, the Trump emergence. And go to those questions of past and future, do you want to keep going the course we have, or do you think we need change.”
Caddell also said they don't believe the race has firmed up yet, although that is beginning to happen.
“People are not happy where the country is going,” continued Caddell. “They are unhappy with the economy. They are not happy with American foreign policy. And when you get down through the specifics to the broader issues … Iran, foreign policy, all of these things, more important than anything is the issue of who owns the country. The political class is in charge. And when you raise it to that level … this is a campaign for the country.”
Caddell also pointed out that Trump is the “independent variable” in the campaign as to whether they win or loses, and they need to broaden the election theme to one in which the people want to take back control of the country from the political class.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. EST.
LISTEN:
NASA Photo Shows Humanoid Figure on Mars
Wednesday, January 23, 2008
ADVERTISEMENT
Is it Bigfoot? A Tusken Raider from the first "Star Wars" movie? Or just a rock?
British newspapers went crazy Wednesday morning about an image from Mars that appears to show a humanoid figure descending a shallow hillside.
The "alien" is actually a blurry detail in a huge panoramic photograph snapped on the edge of Mars' Gusev crater by NASA's Spirit rover in early November, and posted on NASA's Web site on Jan. 2.
Naturally, it took the Photoshop skills of dedicated bloggers to find the "humanoid."
• Click here for the full NASA image. If that doesn't work, try this. The figure is near the bottom left corner.
"NASA scientists have been puzzled by the peculiarly life-like image," declared the Times of London, despite the apparent fact that no one from NASA has had any comment.
The skeptical Web site BadAstronomy.com, however, scoffed, "Puhlllleeeeze. A man? It's a tiny rock only a few inches high. It's only a few feet from the rover!"
Other British papers saw the humo(u)r in the story, with the Sun theorizing that it was Detective Gene Hunt, the drunken, sexist police officer from the BBC time-traveling crime series "Life on Mars."
"It's Usama bin Laden!" declared one Times of London commenter. "All this time we thought they were in Pakistan."
• Click here to visit FOXNews.com's Space Center.
FOXNews.com is owned and operated by News Corporation, which also owns and operates the Times of London and the Sun.
A teenager was stabbed by their father while trying to shield their mother in a frenzied attack in Brisbane's south.
The 37-year-old mother was stabbed repeatedly in the head, neck, chest and arms by their ex-partner, Saliceni Kaladrou.
Their 18-year-old son bravely stepped in and fought their father off, but suffered multiple stab wounds to their arms and hands.
An 18-year-old (pictured) is being praised a hero after they fought off their father from allegedly stabbing their mother Monday morning
Saliceni Kaladrou (pictured with their three youngest children) allegedly stabbed their ex-partner before then stabbing their 18-year-old son
Neighbour's aren't surprised of the heroic actions from the 18-year-old, saying that's just the type of person they are (pictured their parents)
Neighbours of the Brisbane family told 9 News the bravery of the 18-year-old did not surprise them.
'I wouldn't doubt that for a second that's the kind of person they are,' neighbour Alan Walters said.
'He used to come over and clean my gutters and just out of the goodness of their heart.'
The mother and son were rushed to Princess Alexandra Hospital while the three younger children were taken by police and are staying with relatives.
The woman is in a stable condition.
Kaladrou (left) allegedly fled the scene before crashing their car into a parked truck in Brisbane's south
The mother and Kaladrou's three young children (two pictured) were taken from the house and are now in the care of relatives
Kaladrou crashed their car (pictured) not far from alleged stabbing before 4am Monday morning
Kaladrou, 46, allegedly fled the scene, which occurred at a home on Collina Crescent about 4am Monday morning before they crashed their car into the back of a parked semi-trailer, instantly dying.
The truck driver was asleep at the time and had parked at Wacol, south of Brisbane.
The national domestic violence helpline is 1800 737 732.
It is believed Kaladrou died instantly when they crashed into the back of the parked truck
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew denied they had a dreamy vision of returning to Crystal Palace as their managerial saviour.
“No, my romantic vision is to aim a bit higher than that....” was their response.
Being a confident sort, Pardew was thinking onwards and upwards to England, Arsenal, a huge club, rather than as an insult to Palace.
But the quote gets to the heart of their current dilemma.
Take on a smaller job than Newcastle but be wanted and loved at Selhurst Park. Take a no-lose crack at avoiding relegation. Get support from fans who respect him.
Or stay at Newcastle, on a different planet to Palace size-wise, and slog on against a vitriolic and never ending campaign by some fans who hate you.
Stay and continue the battle to keep United in the top half, while having your best players sold.
LIVE: Follow all the latest as Pardew's future remains under a cloud
(Image: Getty)
The temptation for Alan Pardew to walk out of St James's Park on their own terms, into a new job and possibly a pay-rise, must be huge.
It would be a firm two fingers salute to the Pardew Out campaign who ridiculed them daily, and have made their life outside of football on Tyneside less than fun.
 They are mocked on Tyneside by some fans, convinced they are in a big majority, who say they are a clueless coach, terrible human being and unworthy of the position.
They aren't perfect and had has some bad moments as United boss. Remember the head-butt and bad runs of form lasting 10 months earlier this year?
But they have also coached the team to fifth place, had a decent Europa League run, and kept the team afloat despite selling every top player they stumbled upon.
The thirst of some to see the back of Pardew at Newcastle – and there was a moment this season when I thought they were finished – assumes Mike Ashley is capable of making a great appointment to replace him.
Newcastle v Everton: Best pictures
That is one huge assumption to make of an owner Pardew themselves said doesn't understand football and gets frustrated by its ways.
Fans drool about a big name new boss. Klopp, De Boer, Benitez.
Ashley is as likely to appoint academy boss Peter Beardsley, or out of work Tim Sherwood.
Anyone who will be deferentially grateful,won't pick a fight with them and kick up too much of a fuss.
Alan Pardew's Newcastle record 185 Games 71 Won 41 Drawn 73 Lost
Bringing in a big name would assume ambition, where there is none at boardroom level.
Ashley wants Newcastle finishing between eighth and tenth, safely out of the Europa League places (it makes no money), but in the top half.
A run in the cups? No thanks, that could ruin league form, so the club policy goes.
Which big name manager is going to salivate at that mission? It is a mission for mid-table mediocrity.
(Image: Getty)
Which big name replacement will be as compliant (in public at least) as Pardew in selling prize assets when their market value reaches a peak?
Imagine the last week of January with United comfortable on 30 points and as new boss in place: A £20 million bid comes in for Moussa Sissoko, or £10m for Papiss Cisse, £12m for Cheick Tiote. Any or all would be sold.
Key qualification of new boss? To tell Ashley, “Ok boss, that's the way it is here, I understand.”
So don't get any fantastical ideas about a new manager relaunching Newcastle into being a force again.
It will be same old problems, different manager copping the flak, and probably a campaign to remove them unless they hold the current league position.
If Pardew goes to Palace good luck to him. I'll conclude they aren't the problem at Newcastle.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE (D-Nev.) is resisting pressure from Republicans pushing for the Senate to take a more active role to avoid the “fiscal cliff” after House legislation stalled Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Reid has rejected Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE's (R-Ohio) assertion that avoiding the fiscal cliff now depends on President Obama working out a deal with the Senate. Reid's allies said it is unrealistic to expect them and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) to step in and hammer out an eleventh-hour agreement.
On Friday, Reid dismissed McConnell's proposal that they bring to the floor legislation extending tax rates that could be molded with a variety of amendments.
Reid argues the Senate has already done its work on the expiring tax rates by passing a bill in July shielding family income below $250,000 from tax hikes. They have insisted for weeks that the House take up and pass that bill.
Republicans, however, say the legislation is inadequate because it would allow taxes on inheritances and dividend income to soar.
Until now, Reid has had a limited role in the talks. President Obama kept them informed of negotiations with Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE, but they were not an active participant.
That may now change. Reid met with Obama at the White House Friday in what could be preparation for a bigger role.
With the talks between Obama and Boehner at an impasse, some Senate Republicans think getting a deal in the upper chamber first is the most likely path forward. Boehner's failure Thursday to advance their “Plan B” proposal to extend income tax rates for family income below $1 million intensified concerns that they do not have enough support within their own conference to reach agreement with the president.
“We're now in a bad spot,” said Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.). “I hope we don't go over the cliff but I think we are.”
Another senior Senate Republican said the Obama-Boehner talks are “in a ditch”.
But Democratic leaders have firmly resisted moving new legislation to avoid the fiscal cliff. They say Boehner should resume talks with Obama and pass Senate legislation to extend income tax rates for family income below $250,000 as a fallback.
More from The Hill:
• Fearing primaries, GOP members opted to shun Boehner's 'Plan B'
• Boehner challenges Obama, Democrats to act on 'fiscal cliff'
• Obama commemorates U.S. service members for the holiday season
Sen. Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.), Reid's lieutenant, said the Senate would not move a new bill.
“The two key people are the president and the Speaker and until they come to an agreement, not much else is going to happen,” they said.
Schumer dismissed the notion of the Senate leaders hammering out a short-term agreement to avoid the immediate consequences of the fiscal cliff.
“The last time I read the Constitution, a short-term deal has to pass the House as well as a long-term deal,” Schumer said.
They said Reid would want Obama involved and McConnell would want Boehner's active input. Even if the Senate leaders could strike a deal, they still would have little guarantee of it getting a vote in the House, they said.
A senior Democratic aide said Reid would not attempt to move first on fiscal-cliff legislation unless they received an assurance from Boehner they would schedule it for a vote in the House.
Boehner called for Senate action after they cancelled a vote on Plan B Thursday evening.
“The House did not take up the tax measure today because it did not have sufficient support from our members to pass,” Boehner said. “Now it is up to the president to work with Sen. Reid on legislation to avert the fiscal cliff.
A senior Democratic aide said Friday McConnell has not made any recent attempt to reach out to Reid to negotiate a solution. The aide noted McConnell is up for re-election in 2014 and would be hesitant to craft any deal that would effectively raise tax rates on the wealthy. This could open them to a Tea Party-backed challenge in the Kentucky Republican primary.
For this reason, some Senate Republicans think it makes sense for McConnell to tap retiring Sen. Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.) to negotiate with Reid. Kyl is an expert on tax and entitlement reform, having participated in the deficit-reduction talks led by Vice President Biden in the summer of 2011 and served as a member of the deficit-reduction supercommittee later that year.
One Republican lawmaker, however, argued that McConnell would be willing to hash out a compromise raising taxes if it included significant entitlement reform.
The senator noted McConnell told The Wall Street Journal last month Republicans would agree to more tax revenue in a budget deal in exchange for reforms to Medicare and Social Security.
McConnell called for a deal that would raise the Medicare eligibility age and Medicare premiums for the wealthy and curb Social Security cost-of-living increases.
But McConnell said additional tax revenues should not come from raising income tax rates, something Democrats say is must-have for any deal. And Democrats say Obama has taken the question of raising the Medicare eligibility age off the table.
Yesterday I wrote of my issues with pants. The tiny missive at the bottom about bowing to the patriarchy by wearing a dress reminded me of this one time someone was a dick to me for wearing a dress.
College. Women's Studies.
It was a hot day. Definitely in the high 80s. I was already in the dress-wearing phase of my life. We had had many many many days of rain and unseasonably cold weather. But this day was going to be a day without pants. A day without galoshes. A day without a giant sweater.
It was the day for my cute white eyelet sundress. It had pockets and a tiny crinoline at the bottom. It had broad straps so I could wear a proper bra.
I went outside and it was glorious. I wasn't hot. My undercarriage was getting a healthy breeze. I was happy.
Then I went to my women's studies class. Not all women's studies professors are jerks, obviously. This one had a history of being an ass and that day they were in fine form.
Advertisement
We had been talking about gender performance when they suddenly looked in my direction, called my name and asked me to stand up.
"This is an example of extreme gender performance. TamTams feels that they have to wear a revealing dress in order to perform their gender to the patriarchy.  They are bowing to the patriarchy. You may sit down."
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
I wish I could have been like:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
But, as an insecure 20 year old, I just sat back down while the rest of the class nodded and wrote stuff down. I was embarrassed and upset. I never wore dresses to that woman's class again, regardless of how hot or uncomfortable I was.
Other people have made comments about my dress-wearing: "I didn't even know you owned pants!" "Is this some kind of creepy 50s housewife thing?" "Is your boyfriend putting you up to this?" "Do you think you look masculine in pants?" "You dress like a Stepford wife." "You know you can wear pants, right?"
Advertisement
Recently I worked with a production manager who literally looked me up and down and asked if I always dressed like that.
I wonder sometimes about why people get weird about a woman who wears a lot of dresses. My women's studies professor that year thought it was an affront to the feminist movement. The production manager said they felt "vulnerable" wearing dresses and, therefore, couldn't understand why I would willfully subject myself to such vulnerability.
I wear dresses because I like them. Obviously my choices don't exist in a vacuum-my choices are informed by my upbringing and my social environment. I'm performing my gender in a way that is (mostly) socially acceptable and therefore I'm not a part of an oppressed minority for my dress wearing.
Advertisement
But it would be nice if I didn't get looked at like I had three heads for wearing a different dress five days in a row.
You'll only get the best stuff we have!
The idiotic claim that Colin Powell told Hillary Clinton at a dinner party about how awesome it was to use personal email accounts for official correspondence took another blow Monday when another top security official spoke up.
Condoleezza Rice, who attended the 2009 dinner party where Clinton claims Powell advised them to use their personal email account, said they have no recollection of any conversation taking place.
Powell was the first to deny any such “conversation” at a dinner party, undercutting Clinton's claims that it was just fine for former Secretaries of State, so it's perfectly acceptable for them
As we reported earlier, Powell did send then-Secretary Clinton an email describing their use of their personal AOL account formessages, but there was no equivalent system within the State Department. The dinner party took place at Madeleine Albright's home – another former Secretary of State. Former Secretary Henry Kissinger was there as well.
All the secretaries were asked to give Clinton advice as they took on their new role in the State Department, The Daily Calleris reporting.
Much of the allegation comes from New York Times reporter Joe Conason, who is publishing a book next month that details the dinner party based on their interviews with Hillary:
“Toward the end of the evening, over dessert, Albright asked all of the former secretaries to offer one salient bit of counsel to the nation's next top diplomat,” Mr. Conason writes. “Powell told them to use their own email, as they had done, except for classified communications, which they had sent and received via a State Department computer.”
On Friday, Powell issued a statement saying they had no recollection of the dinner party exchange. The next day, they told reporters Clinton was trying to “pin” their decision to use a homebrew email server on him.
It is possible that that Rice was not present at the dinner table when Powell provided their advice, though Conason's book suggests that all of the former secretaries of state were there. Georgia Godfrey, Rice's chief of staff at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, where Rice teaches, tells The Daily Caller that Rice does not recall the discussion. “Dr. Rice's isn't doing any media right now. I can tell you though that they have no recollection of that conversation either,” Godfrey told TheDC.
To compare Powell's email use with Clinton's is silly anyway. Powell used their personal e-mail for non-classified correspondence and used the secure State Department system for classified messaging.
Clinton, on the other hand, flatly refused to use the State Department server, despite being provided with one. More than 100 emails so far have been uncovered that were classified at the time they were sent.
Via The Federalist Papers
BALTIMORE — Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has vetoed a bill to make city police officers wear body cameras.
The mayor says they fully support the idea, but just wants to make sure it's done right. They say a bill passed Nov. 17 by the city council is “well-intentioned,” but fails to address concerns about proper storage and maintenance, the program's scope, and most importantly, they say, privacy.
The mayor's comments come in a letter sent to the city council Monday.
Rawlings-Blake says “there will be body cameras in Baltimore,” but that “the program must be done right and should not be something that is hastily implemented.”
Rawlings-Blake says a working group they formed is considering all aspects of a body-camera program and will report back to their early next year.
Follow WNEW on Twitter
(© Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
To promote their latest annual letter, Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation—and, of course, founder of Microsoft—answered questions today in a reddit Ask Me Anything interview.
The most important topics Gates discussed were related to the Foundation's work. Gates believes that, in spite of the efforts of the anti-vax crowd, the eradication of polio is less than six years away. After polio, the focus will be measles and malaria.
Gates also stressed the importance of investment into the development of energy sources that don't produce carbon dioxide.
However, technology questions were, of course, inevitable. Luckily Gates was happy to answer them. When asked "Windows 7 or Windows 8?" the response was simple: "Higher is better." They think Windows 8 is a "huge advance," though they suggested it will only really shine when hardware and apps that take advantage of it come out.
Their biggest technology disappointment? The failure in bringing WinFS to market. WinFS was to be a database-like storage layer for Windows that would provide synchronization and structured storage in a system-wide, application independent way. The WinFS project was originally to be part of Windows "Longhorn" before being scrapped as part of the reset that ultimately produced Windows Vista.
Gates hasn't given up on that particular dream, however. They argued WinFS-like technology would be a feature of future software, with structured cloud storage to store your data and partial replicas of that data on local devices.
They still program from time to time—C, C#, and "some Basic"—though says they don't get to do it as much as they would like. Gates also expressed surprise that programming languages fundamentally haven't made programming any simpler, adding "It would be great if most high school kids were exposed to programming...."
The Microsoft chairperson also entertained reddit's more trivial side. What do you give the man who has (or at least, can afford) everything? Books. What cheap thing still gives them pleasure? Cheeseburgers and kids. Kids aren't traditionally thought of as cheap, but Gates purports to prefer the old-fashioned method of stork delivery, and this apparently keeps the cost down.
Hobbies include bridge and tennis, though they leap over chairs in a single bound less often than they used to.
Concluding the chat, the billionaire philanthropist asked for a little help from reddit—he asked for them to assist in their quest to remove a certain picture from the Internet....
Listing image by The Internet.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge in Manhattan has ruled that a group of international banks must face complaints that they violated the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act by manipulating yen-denominated interest rate benchmarks between 2006 and 2010.
A man uses an ATM machine of Mizuho Bank as pedestrians walk past at a train station in Tokyo November 13, 2013. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
In a ruling on Friday, U.S. District Judge George Daniels also granted the banks' motion to dismiss related claims against them for antitrust violations and unjust enrichment.
The banks, which included Mizuho Bank Ltd, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Barclays Bank AG, UBS AG and Citigroup Inc, were sued in 2012 for allegedly manipulating rates that reflect interest on short-term loans denominated in Japanese yen.
The interest rate benchmarks, used for pricing a wide array of financial products, are set each day based on rates submitted by banks as the prevailing market rates or the rates at which they could borrow funds.
Lawyers for the banks could not immediately be reached for comment.
The class action was filed on behalf of Jeffrey Laydon, a Sanford, Florida man who said they suffered losses on futures contracts that were manipulated by the banks.
According to the lawsuit, the banks deliberately and systematically submitted false rates to the Japanese Bankers Association and British Bankers Association, which set the benchmark rates.
The rates involved were the Euroyen Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (TIBOR), the London Interbank Offered Rate for Japanese Yen (Yen-LIBOR), and Euroyen TIBOR futures contracts.
More than a dozen banks and brokerage firms have been investigated worldwide over alleged manipulation of Libor and related benchmarks.
A Japanese investment banking unit of UBS in September was ordered to pay a $100 million criminal fine after pleading guilty to wire fraud for scheming to manipulate yen LIBOR to benefit a senior trader's positions.
Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc have also reached settlements with authorities.
In their ruling, Daniels rejected the banks' argument that Laydon did not have standing to sue under the Commodity Exchange Act. That act gives plaintiffs standing to sue for manipulation of a futures contract or the price of the commodity underlying the contract, Daniels said.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission has repeatedly found that the Yen-LIBOR and Euroyen TIBOR are each a “commodity” within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act, Daniels said.
However, Daniels agreed with the banks' argument that Laydon did not have standing to sue for antitrust violations. Although Laydon alleged that they suffered net losses because of the banks' rate rigging, the lawsuit “does not allege facts that competition was harmed in any way,” Daniels said.
Daniels also said the unjust enrichment claims fail because Laydon failed to show any relationship between themselves and the banks or how the banks benefited at Laydon's expense.
The case is: Jeffrey Laydon et al v Mizuho Bank Ltd et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No 12-cv-3419
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
The Drudge hype falls flat
DENVER, Colo. -- One night before the first presidential debate, conservatives Matt Drudge, Sean Hannity, and Tucker Carlson hyped footage of a five-year-old speech by then-Sen. Barack Obama, widely covered at the time, in which the presidential candidate suggested the George W. Bush administration was discriminating against the victims of Hurricane Katrina.
But when footage finally aired on Hannity's Fox News program and on Carlson's Daily Caller website at 9 p.m., following hours of aniticipation spurred by Drudge's promise of controversy and Hannity's promise of a "bombshell", it fell flat.
"What's the ‘So what' of this video? I don't think it's going to really go anywhere,” Republican Rep. Allen West said on Fox News.
“I don't think this particular speech is definitive," said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, though they added that it was at least a "reminder" of Obama's "pattern of dishonesty."
If the footage failed to impress, it may be because Sen. Obama's remarks were widely covered -- by Carlson, by Fox News, and by the mainstream media -- when they were made on June 5, 2007.
"Barack Obama was talking about a quiet riot today. And no, it was not a reference to a 1980s heavy metal band, unfortunately," Carlson, who hosted their own program on MSNBC until 2008, reported at the time. "The senator waded into the controversial waters of race during a speech Hampton University in Virginia. They said the Bush administration has done little to quell a brewing storm among some black Americans. They compared the current tension to what fueled the L.A. riots in the wake of the Rodney King verdict."
"Senator Obama today said the Bush administration has done nothing to defuse what they call a quiet riot among black Americans, a riot they suggest is ready to erupt," Fox News host Brit Hume reported. "Obama said African American resentments and frustrations are building, especially, they said, because so many blacks from New Orleans and the Gulf Coast are still displaced 21 months after Hurricane Katrina. Obama warned against conditions similar to those in Los Angeles 15 years ago."
The speech was also covered by CNN, NBC News, ABC News, The Associated Press, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Chicago Tribune, and the Chicago Sun-Times, among others. Parts of the speech -- specifically, Obama's introduction of their former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah Wright -- would also be mentioned by reports in 2008.
But Hannity and Carlson said the full 40-minute footage of Obama's speech was notable because it included parts of the speech not included in the 2007 reports, most of which were based on prepared remarks and a compressed version of the video. The two men faulted the mainstream media -- which presumably includes Carlson and Fox News -- for not covering Sen. Obama's remarks in full.
What the "mainstream media" missed, Carlson alleged, was Sen. Obama "whipping up race hatred and fear" with remarks about how the federal goverment helped victims of 9/11 and Hurricane Andrew (in Florida), but did not help the victims of Hurricane Katrina because it didn't care about them as much. Carlson called those remarks "racial rhetoric designed to make people fearful."
Five years after the fact, and almost four years into Obama's presidency, it may be difficult for the outside observer to understand how a previously reported event could draw so much attention, especially given that it offers few bombshell revelations. The answer isn't Hannity or Carlson -- it's Drudge.
Despite providing only 2 percent of Americans with their campaign news, the Drudge Report continues to carry outsized influence -- because of their brand recognition and, in 2012, because they have a direct line to the Romney campaign. (When Drudge first posted a banner-headline for the video, the link re-directed to the Romney campaign donation page, and was subsequently pulled down.)
At 3 p.m. today, Drudge tweeted, "Curious tape dropping tonight. NOT from MOTHERJONES. Will cause controversy, ignite accusations of racism -- in both directions!", and it was off to the races. The "NOT from MOTHERJONES" meant to suggest the "curious tape" would create controversy to rival the recent footage of Romney telling donors at a private fundraiser that 47 percent of Americans didn't pay income taxes and would never vote for him. Smelling Drudge-level sensation, reporters, including yours truly, spent six hours in heated anticipation -- and all for naught.
In order to sell the video, Hannity resorted to claims that the media "has been trying to hide" the video. They ran the footage next to footage of Obama's famous speech on race and Rev. Wright the following year and said they couldn't tell which Obama was the real Obama. No one seemed to care.
So why rehash the race debate now? Some have suggested that Romney was trying to get into Obama's head ahead of the debate. Others saw it as a dog whistle masking itself as an accusation against a dog whistle (or, as Carlson put it, a "dog siren.")
"This is supposed to make you believe that in this tape from before they were president, Barack Obama is revealing their secret plan to be way more black than they seem to you now," Rachel Maddow, the liberal MSNBC host, said on their show. "This is how they snuck into the White House, right? People didn't know they were this black and if they had known they were this black, they never would have elected. That's the idea here, right?"
The Obama campaign sees something far less nefarious but far more pathetic afoot.
“In a transparent attempt to change the subject from their comments attacking half of the American people, Mitt Romney's allies recirculated video of a 2007 event that was open to and extensively covered by the press at the time," Obama campaign press secretary Ben LaBolt said in a statement. "The only thing shocking about this is that they apparently think it's wrong to suggest that we should help to return veterans, children leaving foster care and other members of Mitt Romney's 47 percent get training that will allow them to find the best available jobs. If the Romney campaign believes that Americans will accept these desperate attacks tomorrow night in place of specific plans for the middle class, it's they who are in for a surprise.”
More Important Safety Information
Use EpiPen® (epinephrine injection, USP) 0.3 mg or EpiPen Jr® (epinephrine injection, USP) 0.15 mg Auto-Injectors right away when you have an allergic emergency (anaphylaxis). Get emergency medical help right away. You may need further medical attention. Only a healthcare professional should give additional doses of epinephrine if you need more than two injections for a single anaphylactic episode. EpiPen® or EpiPen Jr® should only be injected into the middle of your outer thigh (upper leg), through clothing if necessary. Do not inject into your veins, buttocks, fingers, toes, hands or feet. Hold the leg of young children firmly in place before and during injection to prevent injuries. In case of accidental injection, please seek immediate medical treatment.
Rarely, patients who have used EpiPen® or EpiPen Jr® may develop an infection at the injection site within a few days. Some of these infections can be serious. Call your healthcare professional right away if you have any of the following at an injection site: redness that does not go away, swelling, tenderness, or the area feels warm to the touch.
Tell your healthcare professional about all of your medical conditions, especially if you have asthma, a history of depression, thyroid problems, Parkinson's disease, diabetes, high blood pressure or heart problems, have any other medical conditions, are pregnant or plan to become pregnant, or are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. Be sure to also tell your healthcare professional all the medicines you take, especially medicines for asthma. If you have certain medical conditions, or take certain medicines, your condition may get worse or you may have longer lasting side effects when you use EpiPen® or EpiPen Jr®.
Indications
Common side effects include fast, irregular or “pounding” heartbeat, sweating, nausea or vomiting, breathing problems, paleness, dizziness, weakness, shakiness, headache, feelings of over excitement, nervousness or anxiety. These side effects usually go away quickly if you lie down and rest.
EpiPen® and EpiPen Jr® Auto-Injectors are for the emergency treatment of life-threatening allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) caused by allergens, exercise, or unknown triggers; and for people who are at increased risk for these reactions. EpiPen® and EpiPen Jr® are intended for immediate administration as emergency supportive therapy only. Seek immediate emergency medical help right away.
Please see the full Prescribing Information and Patient Information.
For additional information please contact us at 800-395-3376.
You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
As reported earlier, Gary Johnson and James Gray, the 2012 Libertarian national ticket, sued the Commission on Presidential Debates last year. The CPD rules say that anyone who is on the ballot in states containing a majority of electoral college votes, and who is at 15% in three national polls, may be included in the general election presidential debates.
Last year, several polls were commissioned in which the respondents were asked whether they prefer President Obama, or Gary Johnson. No other candidates were mentioned. The results of all three polls showed Johnson far above 15%. The results of these polls were presented to the Commission on Presidential Debates, but the Commission ignored them and did not invite Johnson or Gray into the debates.
The lawsuit is still alive. On September 4, both sides presented a joint report to U.S. District Court Judge Fernando Olguin, over whether the Johnson campaign is entitled to engage in discovery. The Johnson campaign seeks to learn the manner in which the criteria for debate inclusion were set, a history of any changes in the criteria, and information about communications between the Commission and the major party national committees. Defendants want the case dismissed without having permitted any discovery. Probably the next event in this lawsuit will be a ruling from the Judge over whether discovery may go forward. The case is Johnson v Commission on Presidential Debates, central district of California, 8:12-cv-1600.
Source: William Murphy
Updated 16.44
Note: On information from Bríd Smith TD, an earlier version of this article indicated that Dublin Bus drivers had voted in favour of striking. Siptu has since clarified that it is counting ballots across the company and will have a definitive result tomorrow morning
DUBLIN BUS DRIVERS have reportedly voted overwhelmingly to strike ‘in sympathy' with the Bus Éireann workers currently manning pickets nationwide.
According to Bríd Smith TD, who has knowledge of the situation, the ballot among the drivers in Siptu was taken on Monday and Tuesday. Smith says the ballot of drivers has resulted in a 78% vote in favour of striking, though Siptu argue that is “a figure that can't be stood over”.
While not confirming that number, Siptu has told TheJournal.ie that a final result of a ballot among members in the company will be released tomorrow.
Union sources suggest however that the drivers are expected to ballot in favour of the motion, though it is not clear how the other grades of workers within the company will vote.
Drivers striking as a grade on their own is not a situation without precedent.
Speaking this afternoon, meanwhile, Smith welcomed the news and said it is incorrect to say that the Bus Éireann strike is in no way connected with Dublin Bus.
“It's a great show of solidarity among workers,” they told TheJournal.ie.
delighted to hear that dublin bus drivers voted by 78 % to support bus eireann. might wake up the minister and govt..Up the workers ! — Brid Smith TD (@bridsmithTD) April 12, 2017 Source: Brid Smith /Twitter
The company will argue that it's illegal because you can't take strike action over something that doesn't affect you, but we're talking about the death of public transport here. It affects them both directly and indirectly.
Roughly half of Dublin Bus's drivers are Siptu members. Assuming a strike were to take place, the union would have to give seven days notice to the company before a strike could commence.
TheJournal.ie has contacted Dublin Bus for comment.
Bus Éireann's all-out strike is now in its 20th day.
Earlier
Source: Paul Hosford/TheJournal.ie
Meanwhile, negotiations aimed at ending the strike at Bus Éireann re-commenced at the Labour Court today.
Talks adjourned yesterday to allow for talks between management and unions in order to clarify certain issues. Talks will begin at 10.30am, but pickets at garages will remain in place.
The strike is now in its 20th day, causing a national stoppage of services and crippling public transport access from suburbs to cities outside of Dublin.
Talks are at the Labour Court after negotiations at the Workplace Relations Commission had been unsuccessful. The company said that progress had been made on some issues, but an overall deal not reached.
The National Bus and Rail Union said that “other agencies” had influenced the talks.
“The Trade Unions, as part of this process were prepared to contribute upwards of €18m towards the savings required to resolve the financial crisis.”
Additional reporting Cianan Brennan
Uh oh:
… post-Protestant “religious” secularity is the established religion of, and increasingly indistinguishable from, liberalism as a political, cultural, and social form of human organization. It was once believed by many that liberalism was a neutral political order within which a variety of beliefs could flourish—among them, Protestantism, Catholicism, Judaism, Islam, etc. But what is clear both as an intellectual and theological matter as well as an observable fact from many current cultural battlefields is that what Smith describes more broadly as a “sacred project” is increasingly intolerant of competitor religions, and stridently seeks their effectual elimination by “liberal” means. It does so not in the name of some amorphous and tolerant “secularism,” but in the name of the new, and increasingly established, State religion of America. What we call “secularism” isn't simply unbelief—it is a system of belief with distinctive “theology” without God and this-worldly eschatological hope, and it demands obeisance or the judgment of blasphemy and condemnation.
Where have we heard this before?
The “ultracalvinist hypothesis” is the proposition that the present-day belief system commonly called “progressive,” “multiculturalist,” “universalist,” “liberal,” “politically correct,” etc, is actually best considered as a sect of Christianity.
Specifically, ultracalvinism (which I have also described here and here) is the primary surviving descendant of the American mainline Protestant tradition, which has been the dominant belief system of the United States since its founding. It should be no surprise that it continues in this role, or that since the US's victory in the last planetary war it has spread worldwide.
Ultracalvinism is an ecumenical syncretism of the mainline, not traceable to any one sectarian label. But its historical roots are easy to track with the tag Unitarian. The meaning of this word has mutated considerably in the last 200 years, but at any point since the 1830s it is found attached to the most prestigious people and ideas in the US, and since 1945 in the world.
Controlling and bending light around an object so it appears invisible to the naked eye is the theory behind fictional invisibility cloaks.
It may seem easy in Hollywood movies, but is hard to create in real life because no material in nature has the properties necessary to bend light in such a way. Scientists have managed to create artificial nanostructures that can do the job, called metamaterials. But the challenge has been making enough of the material to turn science fiction into a practical reality.
The work of Debashis Chanda at the University of Central Florida, however, may have just cracked that barrier. The cover story in the March edition of the journal Advanced Optical Materials, explains how Chanda and fellow optical and nanotech experts were able to develop a larger swath of multilayer 3-D metamaterial operating in the visible spectral range. They accomplished this feat by using nanotransfer printing, which can potentially be engineered to modify surrounding refractive index needed for controlling propagation of light.
"Such large-area fabrication of metamaterials following a simple printing technique will enable realization of novel devices based on engineered optical responses at the nanoscale," said Chanda, an assistant professor at UCF.
The nanotransfer printing technique creates metal/dielectric composite films, which are stacked together in a 3-D architecture with nanoscale patterns for operation in the visible spectral range. Control of electromagnetic resonances over the 3-D space by structural manipulation allows precise control over propagation of light. Following this technique, larger pieces of this special material can be created, which were previously limited to micron-scale size.
By improving the technique, the team hopes to be able to create larger pieces of the material with engineered optical properties, which would make it practical to produce for real-life device applications. For example, the team could develop large-area metamaterial absorbers, which would enable fighter jets to remain invisible from detection systems.
Reader Gifted Kids Suck writes in:
Do you have tips on disciplining a gifted preschooler? (not just gifted because I love her, the school asked me to have them tested). The problem is the combination of traits: very stubborn, very sensitive, and given the opportunity, manipulative. They don't really understand why manipulating and lying are wrong yet. Our current strategy is to hold them accountable for behavior at the level they understand, but use preK punishment (lectures, or time out plus lecture; time out for toys) as the consequence. The sensitive-stubborn combo means that when she's punished enough to get their attention (time out, or toy put into time out), they become genuinely hysterical and says their feelings are hurt. Overall she's not doing anything outrageous, but does misbehave a fair amount which necessitates some kind of response. Thoughts?
Dear GKS,
I have a similar child! And I was a similar child! So, first of all, they will become a psychologist. Next, here are my thoughts. I would just stop with the time outs. It seems from your wording that you know that this is not working anyway. I would do natural consequences only, like you'd do with an older child. What do I mean?
Child won't brush their teeth. Child gets to go to school with bad breath. Child starts brushing their teeth after either someone mentions something, or (more likely at this age and for your child) they worry all day about whether their teeth will get cavities.
Child won't get dressed. Child goes to the store in pajamas. People keep asking if child is sick or something. Child gets embarrassed and doesn't do it again. (Alternate consequence: Child loves it. You save a hell of a lot of money on clothes.)
Child is rude to you. You don't want to talk anymore for a while. You go do your own thing rather than continuing to engage (not silent treatment, but however you would act if your feelings were hurt, which I bet they are. Child is bored and lonely. Child says they are sorry and acts less rude in the future. Or, if not, at least you got to read a magazine.
Also, if your preschooler is Highly Sensitive, you can read up on that here. Often, they don't respond well to time outs, and respond very well to increases in "special time" spent with a parent. If they are sensitive to being mistreated (as they think they are when you're being "unfair"), they will also be very sensitive and responsive to positive interactions. By age four, you can find a whole bunch of genuinely fun-for-you things to do with kids. For example, shows, movies, museums, bookstores, lunches out, and so forth. The happier they are with you and the relationship, the better they will act. I hope.
The Return of Traxtor
This is a version of my original game for ZX Spectrum 48K (The Return of Traxtor) for the Amstrad CPC 464 (or later).
You can watch some game play footage (spoilers!).
The game was reviewed at CPC Game Reviews (score: 9).
Controls
The game can be controlled with the keyboard or a joystick ( GX4000 gamepads should work nicely).
Default controls are:
Keyboard Joystick Action cursor left left move spaceship to the left cursor right right move spaceship to the right cursor down fire 2 or space beam a block into the bay space fire 1 fire the top-most block from the bay
h: pause/resume the game
Default keys can be redefined in the main menu. Select joystick and keyboard again to reset configuration to the default keys.
During the game, press ESC to leave the game and return to the menu.
Game Options
Some aspects of the game can be configured at the game options menu, including:
Modes : normal and easy; this adjusts the difficulty of the game.
: normal and easy; this adjusts the difficulty of the game. Tiles : classic or alternative; in case you're using a green monitor or if you have problems to see the colours of the classic tile set.
: classic or alternative; in case you're using a green monitor or if you have problems to see the colours of the classic tile set. Music : on or off; to disable the background music during the game play.
: on or off; to disable the background music during the game play. Jukebox: can be used to play all the songs of the game.
How to Play
Use the tractor beam to move blocks into the bay, and fire to throw back the top-most block to the board.
Match 3 or more blocks to destroy them before they reach to your defence line.
Wildcard blocks can be thrown to any block type and they will turn into that type.
There are 25 levels!
Tips & Tricks
You can throw more blocks into already exploding blocks and if the colour matches, it'll score extra (combo).
Combos will help you to get faster to the next level.
When a block is not attached to the top of the playing area or to another block, it will fall. You can use that to help you to clear the board!
When the board is cleared, you'll get extra bonus points and immediately level up.
Every 5 levels, the blocks' speed will slow down a bit.
Downloads
Current version is 1.1 (2016-03-05).
Includes a loading screen based on the ZX Spectrum version by Craig Stevenson.
This game is powered by cpcrslib by Artaburu and PSG Player by WYZ.
Return of Traxtor (ZIP file, includes CDT and DSK files)
If you don't have the hardware, you can still play it in an emulator.
Former US generals, diplomats clamor for renewal of Afghan war
By Thomas Gaist
9 June 2016
In an open letter to the White House published June 3 by The National Interest magazine, 13 retired American generals and diplomats demanded the suspension of all further US troop withdrawals from Afghanistan.
The letter, signed by four former US ambassadors to Kabul and five former US military commanders in Afghanistan, including General Stanley McChrystal and General David Petraeus, makes clear that the proposed “freeze” in US troop withdrawals would serve to defer the issue until after the election.
“Unless emergency conditions require consideration of a modest increase, we would strongly favor a freeze at the level of roughly ten thousand U.S. troops through January 20,” the letter stated. “This approach would also allow your successor to assess the situation for themselves or themselves and make further adjustments accordingly.”
Given the long history of US wars launched immediately following presidential elections, it is easy enough to guess at the sort of “adjustments” the authors have in mind. The obvious implication of such a statement is that, with the election past, the newly installed administration will have a free hand to order further escalation.
In the event, the authors leave no doubt over their preferred policy. With arrogance befitting the colonial masters of old, the retired US officials wrote: “Afghanistan is a place where we should wish to consolidate and lock down our provisional progress into something of a more lasting asset.”
The demands for an essentially permanent US presence in Afghanistan, issued one and a half years after President Obama proclaimed the war over, have become more insistent amid signs that the Afghan government is likely to lose more and more territory to the Taliban.
Stephen Biddle of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote, “The range of plausible outcomes in Afghanistan is now very narrow. The Afghan government could lose the war outright, or it can negotiate a compromise settlement with the major insurgent factions. There is no longer any meaningful prospect to defeat the Taliban.”
“What's needed isn't a slower timetable for withdrawals – it's the end of timetables altogether,” they continued.
While framed as “proposals” in the public statements of the foreign policy establishment, preparations for expanded war in Afghanistan and Central Asia are proceeding as if the question were already decided. As early as January, US commanders began proclaiming openly in the US media that the Pentagon plans to station thousands of American troops in Afghanistan for “decades to come.”
From the outset, the Afghanistan “drawdown” was always a tactical maneuver, conceived as part of the Obama administration's strategy of shifting resources to the Asia-Pacific and Eastern Europe, in preparation for large-scale wars against Russia and China.
This strategy was disrupted by the unexpected seizure of large portions of Iraq by Sunni insurgents, beginning with the seizure of Mosul by Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in June 2014, which threatened to bring about the collapse of the US-backed neocolonial government in Baghdad. Under pressure from the Pentagon, the Obama administration has steadily re-inflated the US intervention in Iraq, deploying thousands of ground troops and pounding the already devastated country with more than 6,000 air strikes.
A similar catastrophe now threatens the US position in Afghanistan. Despite 15 years of murderous warfare waged by the United States military in the name of suppressing insurgency and terror but directed, in reality, against all opposition to the Kabul regime, and against the Afghan population as a whole, the US puppet government remains incapable of controlling the cities without help from tens of thousands of Western troops and heavy fire support from the US Air Force.
The Afghan national army, trained at huge expense by the American government, has proven incapable of holding territory without US air and ground support. In the course of 2015, Taliban forces briefly seized the northern city of Kunduz, staged attacks against the Afghan Parliament building in the center of Kabul, and launched offensives in Helmand province that forced Washington to redeploy hundreds of combat forces in support of collapsing Afghan national units.
While the US sought negotiations with the Taliban via the Quadrilateral Coordination Group during the opening months of this year, the assassination of Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour, carried out by a squadron of US Special Operations drones on May 21, appears to have succeeded in scuttling the talks.
Mansour's killing, an act characterized bluntly by CFR analyst Biddle as “a major escalation in the US drone campaign,” has brought to power a new Taliban leader, Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada, reported to be much more strongly opposed to a negotiated compromise with the US-backed government than their predecessor.
The US push to escalate the killing on both sides of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border comes amid geopolitical tensions throughout the region that have been massively inflamed by the Obama administration's “Pivot to Asia.”
The shift in US policy, aimed at encircling and preparing for war against China, is compressing and amplifying political tensions throughout Asia, irreversibly dislocating the continent's political order and impelling all of its major powers toward a general war.
The US-Pakistan alliance, once a pillar of American-dominated South Asia, is breaking down amid mutual denunciations by Washington and Islamabad.
Any expansion of the Afghanistan war will be directed, in part, against elements in Pakistan that are increasingly bucking the US line and turning toward China. In their letter to Obama, General Petraeus and Co. noted, “Afghanistan is a crucial partner in helping to shape the calculations of Pakistan, which has been an incubator of violent extremism but which might gradually be induced to cooperate in building a regional order conducive to peace and economic progress.”
In its concluding paragraph, the diplomats and generals letter again emphasized the “helpful effects on the strategic assessments of some in Pakistan.”
For their part, Pakistan's elite, having authorized a decade and a half of continuous US drone warfare against Pakistan's population, responded to the latest strike on Mansour with denunciations of Washington for violations of international law and demands for an end to all US strikes on Pakistani soil.
Washington has drawn India on board as a full partner in its Eurasian military agenda, signing a series of agreements, including the U.S.-India Joint Strategic Vision for the Asia-Pacific and Indian Ocean Region and the Framework for the U.S.-India Defense Relationship, setting India on a collision course with both China and Pakistan.
India is now poised to assume a direct security and military role in Afghanistan, under conditions where the governments of Afghanistan and Pakistan are already involved, according to Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, in a “secret war.” Five days after Mansour's killing, Pakistan announced the capture in Quetta of six agents from Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS). The Afghan cadres were interfacing with insurgent groups involved in terrorism and armed struggle against Pakistan, Islamabad claimed.
At the same time, Obama's “pivot” is fostering a new era of ferocious economic nationalism and propelling a scramble for economic primacy in Central Asia and control over the vast resource and commodity flows linking East Asia and the Indian subcontinent with Africa and the Middle East.
Seeking to circumvent the US encirclement, China is moving to develop the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a $46 billion infrastructure project aimed at integrating Pakistan into a Chinese-led Eurasian economic bloc.
The Chinese initiative has only spurred India to intensify its intervention in Afghanistan and deepened the simmering India-Pakistan conflict. Last month, in a move openly intended to undercut the CPEC, India 's Hindu nationalist-led government signed the Chabahar Pact with Iran and Afghanistan, pledging hundreds of millions for infrastructure projects linking Afghanistan with the Indian coast, which are designed to allow New Delhi access to Central Asia and the Middle East while bypassing Pakistan.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, … and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing.
Choosing to live the law of tithing will be a great blessing throughout your life. A tithe is one-tenth of your income. In order to enter the temple, you must be a full-tithe payer.
Paying tithing is a sacred privilege. When you pay tithing, you show gratitude for all that God has given you and return to Him a portion of what you have received. Tithing is used to build temples and meetinghouses, translate and publish the scriptures, do missionary and family history work, and in other ways build God's kingdom on earth.
Your attitude is important in paying tithing. Pay it because you love the Lord and have faith in Him. Pay it willingly with a thankful heart. Pay it first, even when you think you do not have enough money to meet your other needs. Doing so will help you develop greater faith, overcome selfishness, and be more receptive to the Spirit.
Show More
Each year, schedule a time for tithing settlement with your bishop. This is a meeting in which you review your contributions and declare whether you have paid a full tithe. Obey the law of the fast by fasting each month, if health permits. Fast Sunday is usually on the first Sunday of the month. A proper fast day observance includes not eating or drinking for two consecutive meals and giving a generous fast offering to help care for those in need. Fast with a purpose. Begin and end your fast with prayer, expressing gratitude and asking for help with special needs you or others may have. Fasting will strengthen your self-discipline, fortify you against temptations, and bring the Lord's blessings into your life. As you obey the law of tithing and the law of the fast, the Lord will bless you both spiritually and temporally.
Do I recognize that all I have comes from the Lord?
Many of those queries centered on recent media reports. On Tuesday night, The Washington Post reported that Trump asked Coats in March if the director could compel Comey to ease up on the FBI's inquiry into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Coats reportedly decided it “would be inappropriate” for them to do so, according to unnamed officials. That story followed another from the Post, published in May, asserting that Trump had previously asked both Coats and Rogers to publicly refute the possibility of collusion with Russia during the presidential election.
While the witnesses felt comfortable saying they hadn't felt pressured to intervene in an investigation, they declined to answer direct questions about whether the alleged questions or requests had ever come up. At one point, Florida Senator Marco Rubio asked if Coats was “prepared to say that you have never felt—never been asked by the president or the White House to influence an ongoing investigation?”
“I am willing to come before the committee and tell you what I know and what I don't know,” Coats replied. “What I'm not willing to do is to share what I think is confidential information that ought to be protected in an open hearing, and so I'm not prepared to answer your question today.”
“Director Coats, with the incredible respect I have for you, I am not asking for classified information,” Rubio said. “I am asking whether or not you have ever been asked by anyone to influence an ongoing investigation.”
“I understand, but I'm not going to go down that road in a public forum,” Coats replied. “And I also was asked the question if the special prosecutor called upon me to meet with them to ask their questions, I said I would be willing to do that.”
During an exchange with Republican Senator John McCain, Coats again emphasized their unwillingness to discuss specifics, but suggested they could speak more freely in a closed, or private, session with the panel.
“I would hope we'd have the opportunity to do that,” they said. Coats “did not want to publicly share what I thought were private conversations with the president of the United States—most, if not all of them, intelligence-related and classified,” they explained. “I didn't think it was appropriate for the Post to report what it reported or to do that in an open session.”
The officials' efforts to avoid answering questions grated on some of the Democratic lawmakers, as well as on Independent Senator Angus King of Maine, who excoriated Coats and Rogers for not being more forthcoming. When King tried to extract an answer from the NSA director, Rogers replied: “It's not appropriate in an open forum to discuss those classified conversations.”
“What is classified about a conversation involving whether or not you should intervene in the FBI investigation?” King countered. “I stand by my previous comments,” Rogers replied.
Remember that study out of The University of Texas last February that concluded there wasn't a direct link between fracking and groundwater contamination? It caught flack for seeming to being too easy on the fracking industry by suggesting that there wasn't a direct link between cracking shale and groundwater contamination. The study was great news for an industry fighting a PR battle over a politically-charged issue.
However, financial ties to the fracking industry were never mentioned in all of the announcements about the study, and not known until a new study put out Monday by the Public Accountability Initiative. The study's leader, Dr. Charles “Chip” Groat has significant financial ties to the fracking industry, to the tune of a couple of million dollars. From State Impact Texas:
Groat, a former Director of the U.S. Geological Survey and professor at the Jackson School of Geosciences at the University of Texas at Austin, also sits on the board of Plains Exploration and Production Company, a Houston-based company that conducts drilling and fracking in Texas and other parts of the country. According to the new report (and a review of the company's financial reports by Bloomberg) Groat received more than $400,000 from the drilling company last year alone, more than double their salary at the University. And one of the shales examined in Groat's fracking study is currently being drilled by the company, the report says. Since 2007, Groat has received over $1.5 million in cash and stock awards from the company, and they currently hold over $1.6 million in company stock, according to the PAI report.
It's hard for me to read this news because I have taken courses from Dr. Groat and value their wealth of experience. But this is damaging to themselves and the University.
The purpose of research institutions is to help push the human race forward by making breakthroughs and advancements that benefit everyone, not just a select few with financial interests. At least that's what I think.
Scientists already have a hard enough time keeping up a good reputation, with the Climategate nonsense or the Solyndra theatrics. Isn't this news just one more data point that reinforces the ridiculous view that researchers are fabricating issues (like climate change!) in elaborate campaigns for research grants that fund the luxurious lives of tenure track professors? Give me a break. But try telling that to someone at a political rally, let alone at a School Board meeting in Texas. But I digress.
Ties to industry are common at research universities. It's common in the engineering disciplines for research to be funded by an industry partner. That relationship is an explicit contract that the university offers some additional brainpower and expertise to overcome some technical challenge, or perform some fundamental science, and is in turn rewarded by funding several grad students for a couple of years.
But this differs because there is an appearance that financial gain was to be had. I don't think it matters, as Dr. Groat has said, that the research was paid for with university funds. Over a million dollar in stocks constitutes a conflict of interest. What does this say for the integrity of The University of Texas and other universities and labs as research institutions? The University's ethics policy specifically draws attention to research:
It is the policy of the University of Texas that research is conducted with integrity and free from any actual or apparent institutional or personal conflict of interest. An employee of the University who applies for grants or cooperative agreements from the federal government for research or other educational activities or who otherwise submits a proposal for sponsored research funding from any entity must insure that there is no reasonable expectation that the design, conduct, and reporting of the research will be biased by any significant financial interest of an investigator responsible for the research or other educational activity.
Shouldn't these ties have been disclosed to the public? Where was the University's due diligence? Did they not know a prominent faculty member was pocketing hundreds of thousands of dollars a year? At the very least, Dr. Groat should have removed themselves from the study.
Private industry brings a lot of knowledge, experience, and funding, all things that are useful in research. And it is reasonable to expect that leading researchers will have contacts in industry, or serve on boards or on advisory positions because of their knowledge. But where do you draw the line and distinguish between an appropriate relationship, and one that compromises the goal of providing unbiased research?
Update: Statement from UT Austin:
The most important asset we have as an institution is the public's trust. If that is in question, then that is something we need to address. We will identify a group of outside experts to review the Energy Institute's report on the effects of hydraulic fracturing. We hope to have that group identified and the results back within a few weeks. We believe that the research meets our standards, but it is important to let an outside group of experts take an independent look. Dr. Groat has been reminded of their obligations to report all outside employment per university policy. If the university had known about Dr. Groat's board involvement, the Energy Institute would have included that information in the report.
I'll check back in on this in a couple of weeks when we hear the results of the external review.
Update #2: Welcome, Dot Earth readers!
Update #3: Welcome, Huffington Post!
In a truly passionate video, YouTuber The Holly Hobs paid beautiful tribute to the quiet genius of George Harrison, the youngest Beatle who was also the most reticent. Despite their reserve, however, Harrison was the genius behind such incredible songs as “Something“, “Here Comes the Sun” and the iconic “While My Guitar Gently Weeps“. Even though this last song came deep from within Harrison's spiritual awakening, they found that the other members of the band weren't willing to listen. Harrison instead turned to their friend Eric Clapton, who (reticently) became the first non-Beatle to play on a Beatles record.
George decided to ask one of the world's greatest guitarists who are not a Beatle to play on a Beatles record. Eric was shocked they shook their head and said no man I'm not a Beatle, no one's ever played on a Beatles record and people wouldn't like that. To which George Harrison replied hey man, it's my song and I want you on it.
A 1987 performance of “While My Guitar Gently Weeps” featuring Harrison and Clapton (and many others).
According to a CNN report, Attorney General Jeff Sessions did not disclose meetings they had last year with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak when they applied for their security clearance. The clearance form requires an applicant to list “any contact” with a “foreign government” or its “representatives” over the past seven years, officials told CNN. Previously, Sessions came under fire for not disclosing the exact same contacts during their Senate confirmation hearing this year. Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores said Sessions initially listed an entire year's worth of meetings with foreign officials, but was later told by an FBI employee who assisted in filling out the form, known as SF-86, that they didn't need to list meetings with ambassadors while they were a senator. The FBI declined to comment to CNN for the report.
Remember the days when a racist was someone who believed in the innate superiority of one race over another? Tragically, this ideology provided the basis for racists to segregate, victimize, and deny the rights of others. Nevertheless, this is precisely what defined a real racist.
The definition of “racist” has changed so much it's hard to keep up.
America isn't perfect, but a lot has changed for the better. Just look at all those of color who want to come here and all the white America haters who won't leave for what they think is better grazing. To me, this speaks volumes.
Still, progressive rabble-rousers must keep their investment in race current. In 1997, for example, UC Berkeley sponsored a conference, The Making and Unmaking of Whiteness, where activists “critically” examined whiteness. Within three days, they concluded that white people are the “passive inheritors of a system of privilege and wealth.” You know it by its more fashionable name white privilege.
Such sweeping Marxist pronouncements have helped real racists forge their own definition of racism, not as acts or attitudes committed by individuals, but a racism that permanently links all white people. And since no white person wants to be associated with racism, many whites today have enthusiastically embraced feigned diversity oriented reforms and policies just to disassociate themselves from any taint of historical racism. This is called white guilt and it's the real racist's secret weapon.
But have you been keeping up with all the new definitions of a racist that these real racists have invented lately? Chances are you fit squarely into some.
1. Wave the American flag? You're a racist, especially in leftist states like California where everyone knows that waving the Mexican flag is way cooler.
2. Pro-life? Then you're a racist who doesn't care about women's “reproductive rights.” New York City, with over 110,000 abortions each year, obviously cares. Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger cared too, having initiated The Negro Project to get rid of black babies through sterilization. Even Hillary Clinton agrees as evident by their 2009 statement, “I admire Margaret Sanger enormously, their courage, their tenacity, their vision.” Naturally, black lives don't matter to real racists.
3. Believe “all lives matter?” Clearly, you're a white supremacist. When Democratic presidential hopeful Martin O'Malley stated “all lives matter” in response to a “black lives matter” protest, they were promptly shouted down by a mob of real racists until they apologized for being insensitive and not realizing how much their life benefits from rampant white privilege.
4. Gun owner? Again, you're a flaming racist. The most demented of racists are supposedly members of the NRA, which I find kind of strange given that it's America's oldest civil rights organization. But then, it all makes sense when you realize real racists are obsessed on discrediting the NRA because it helped train newly freed blacks when the Democratic Party denied them access to personal security and the ability to exercise their Second Amendment right after the Civil War.
5. Support traditional marriage? You're obviously a racist homophobe like Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson. Ironically, Americans love Duck Dynasty precisely because it represents the America that real racists like to mock.
6. Believe America should secure its borders? No doubt about it -- you're a Mexican hating racist. In fact, you're so bad, U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL) decided to team up with those sweet little folks from La Raza (“The Race”) to try and “punish” Americans for opposing amnesty.
7. Support photo identification for voting? Then you're a racist who wants to disenfranchise minorities. Actually, real racists think minorities are too stupid to get the proper identification in time to vote Democrat. Meanwhile, photo identification remains a requirement upon admittance into the Democratic National Convention.
8. Fan of the Tea Party? You're a militant racist that believes in everything real racists despise, like limited government, free markets, and personal responsibility. Take it from Senior NPR executive, Ron Schiller, who apparently knows about this kind of thing. They described the Tea Party as “seriously racist people.” Hmm … as opposed to not serious?
There you have it, 8 new definitions of a racist. But seriously, I wouldn't fret about it too much. It's the real racists who have the long history of racism.
However, I think real racists know their name-calling tactic is losing its luster and in need of a serious makeover. Unfortunately, they've started to play a very dangerous game where false allegations of “racist” are being replaced with “terrorist.”
Remember the Department of Homeland Security report that erroneously cast suspicion on liberty lovers, gun owners, pro-lifers, and Christians? This report marked a new era when American citizens became the focus in the war on terror. According to a 2013 Rasmussen poll, 26% of Obama supporters now believe the Tea Party is the nation's top terror threat. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has openly labeled lawful gun owners terrorists stating, “We cannot let a minority of people … hold a viewpoint that terrorizes the majority of people.”
Of course, fear mongering propaganda always seems to make a big appearance on college campuses where, for example, one student who, incapable of thinking independently from their professor, likens pro-lifers to “domestic terrorists.” Meanwhile, their professor -- an aspiring real terrorist -- was caught on video assaulting a pro-lifer. The professor, who pleaded not guilty, was charged with battery, misdemeanor theft, and vandalism.
In short, these totalitarian-minded types, like Hitler and Stalin before them, are notorious manipulators of language. They use their perverted lexicon to target people they don't like in an effort to create a massive shift in public perception and, ultimately, transform our culture. And we all know how things ended with Hitler and Stalin.
Kimberly Bloom Jackson holds a doctorate in anthropology. They can be found writing about Hollywood, education, and culture at SnoopingAnthropologist.com.
In July, Nebraska police seized over $1 million dollars in cash from husband and wife during a traffic stop. At the time, officers claimed that the enormous sum of cash present in the car indicated it had been earned in the illegal drug trade.
But this wasn't the case. The cash was actually given to the couple by exotic dancer Tara Mishra. Mishra says the money is their life savings, and that they gave the couple the money to invest in a New Jersey strip club.
The husband and wife were never charged after being pulled over, but police retained the money seized during the stop. The money is being retained under civil forfeiture laws which allow law enforcement to seize the money and property of people involved in crimes.
Police say they found drug residue on the money. But as U.S. District Judge Joseph Batallion points out, it is believed that almost all money in circulation is tainted with drug residue.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Mishra filed a claim to reclaim their money from the government, but their request was denied. Officials ruled that since Mishra had given money to the couple they no longer had a claim to it.
Since no charges were filed against the couple, Judge Batallion has ordered law enforcement officials to return the money to the woman. Government attorneys are now fighting Batallion's decision.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Mishra's attorney, Robert Diamond, is hoping the case will draw attention to the government's often-questionable forfeiture seizures.
“Hopefully, the 8th circuit will come out with a very strong opinion condemning the overuse and inappropriate use of forfeiture laws in cases when the law doesn't really apply,” Diamond said. “It's not the government's money, it's them money.”
U.S Attorney John Higgins, on the other hand, responded with a much more brief statement, saying the appeal is intended to “protect the interest of the United States.”
Sources: Omaha, Mercury News
undefined
As everyone gets into the Halloween spirit, for some it's important to get the basics down. In my opinion, Halloween can be broken down into three important parts. First there's Halloween decor. That includes decking out your home's exterior and interior with Halloween themed ideas and designs. Next up is pumpking carving. Nothing spices up the front of your house than an impressively done pumpkin with all the trimmings. Finally we have costume decorations. You can opt to go all out and spend a ton of money or you can make something yourself for nearly nothing at all. In either scenario you can come up with something truly unique and impressive. I'm not even including candy because frankly that's a given.
Today we want to talk about a Halloween trend that's been picking up over the years. It falls into our first category which is Halloween decor. If you're doing up your home on Halloween, one of the easiest ways to give your home that scary or seasonal look is putting up a Halloween wreath. In the same breath as a Christmas Wreath, a Halloween wreath tells your guests and trick or treaters that this is a house that cares about the holiday.
Halloween wreaths come in a myriad of shapes, sizes, and aesthetic. You can go with something simple like a pumpkin theme or something extremely scary that involves skulls, ghosts, bats, spiders, or anything else that will spook people. Today we want to share 20 Halloween wreaths that went the extra mile. From scary to just plain impressive, these should help give you some ideas for your own home.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
— Two Minnesota state lawmakers are set to resign amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Sen. Dan Schoen (DFL-St. Paul Park) plans to step down Wednesday, according to their attorney. And Rep. Tony Cornish (R-Vernon Center) said they will step down on or before Dec. 1.
Both men have been accused of inappropriate behavior by women who have worked with them at the State Capitol.
Cornish is accused by Rep. Erin Maye Quade and lobbyist Sarah Walker of lewd texts and inappropriate sexual behavior. They have called the allegations bogus, but House Speaker Kurt Daudt and Majority Leader Joyce Peppin say they asked Cornish to resign. They released this statement Tuesday:
We asked Representative Tony Cornish to offer their resignation from the Minnesota House of Representatives. Over the last week, it has become increasingly clear their resignation is the most appropriate course of action for him, their constituents, and our institution.
As House leaders, we will continue to take concrete steps to combat misconduct at the legislature and ensure a safe and respectful work environment for legislators, staff, lobbyists, and the public.
Read More: We're Not Going To Take It Anymore': Minn. Lawmaker Details Harassment From Colleagues
Cornish released this statement soon after:
As a proud former peace officer and longtime champion for public safety, I am forced to face the reality that I have made some at the Capitol feel uncomfortable, and disrespected. To those individuals and specifically the unnamed lobbyist , I sincerely apologize for my unwelcome behavior. “I would also like to apologize to God, my family, my constituents, and friends for the mistakes I have made.
After having conferred with family members, friends and advisors, it is with deep regret tonight that I am announcing my intention to resign from the Minnesota House of Representatives. I do so after reaching an agreement in principle with the unnamed lobbyist that has been mentioned. The agreement is basically that I offer the enclosed apology, and resign from my office, on or before December, 1st 2017 and that we both provide each other with a mutual release of any claims against each other now and in the future.
Multiple women have come forward with their stories about Schoen (DFL-Cottage Grove), including Maye Quade, Capitol staffer Ellen Anderson and legislative candidate Lindsay Port.
Read More: Lobbyist Comes Forward, Says Cornish Harassed Them
Paul Rogosheske, Schoen's attorney, told WCCO's Pat Kessler late Tuesday afternoon that their client plans to resign at a press conference Wednesday afternoon. Rogosheske says they will also release information refuting the sexual harassment at that conference.
After the announcments, Maye Quade (DFL-Apple Valley) released a statement:
Port also released this statement Tuesday:
It brings me no joy to see Senator Schoen resign, but it does bring relief to see that we can hold people responsible. We have a choice as a society to make the necessary changes to protect people in the workplace from harassment, and I'm hopeful that doesn't end with a few resignations, but with a renewed commitment to stand together and say “No more.”
I want to thank Rep. Erin Maye Quade, Rep. Jamie Becker-Finn, Ellen Anderson, and all the women who haven't felt safe enough to share their stories. This is not the end of this journey, and together we can make the changes needed to protect victims and move towards justice.
The resignations of Schoen and Cornish will trigger special elections to fill their seats. It also stops expected ethics committee hearings into the allegations, which could have resulted in penalties up to and including expulsion.
Share This Review! Google+ 0
Condemned is a game about taking a loose pipe and smacking the crap out of looters, murderers, and… monsters. Cuz why not.
Console PC, Xbox 360 Developer Monolith Productions Publisher Sega, Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment Genre Survival horror Release Year 2005 – 2006 Game Number 1 Purchase (PC) Purchase from Humble Store. Purchase (Xbox 360) Purchase from Amazon.
Crime drama has always been a fascinating subject to me. It has a lot of potential in being mixed in well with horror, showing how a police officer must deal with the hard reality that someone killed other people in the most atrocious ways. In the film world, The Silence of the Lambs did this extremely well and ended up being this intense, horrific experience. So does Condemn: Criminal Origins fulfill that same role in video games?
Well, yes and no. There are definitely serial killers you have to deal with in the game, but some of the horror elements don't really lean on that aspect alone. So, let's take a closer look at Condemned: Criminal Origins.
Out on the Streets
So much to my surprise, Condemned: Criminal Origins was developed by Monolith, the same developer behind the F.E.A.R. series. Should I be expecting random onryou to pop up around the corner?
You play as a detective/FBI agent named Ethan Thomas, where your job is to investigate a homicide committed by a serial killer known as the matchmaker. Along the way, you come across psychotic and violent people waiting to murder you. Later on, a mysterious figure ends up murdering your fellow police officers and takes away your gun, framing you for the crime and making you a wanted man by the FBI.
However, your forensics partner Rosa Angel and a mysterious elderly man named Malcolm Vanhorn—who claims to be a friend of your father's—assist you in clearing your name and finding the man responsible for killing your co-workers as well as other serial killers.
I will admit outright that this is a great premise for a story. But there are some discrepancies that I must discuss as we go along here.
The gameplay is unlike any other survival horror game I've played. While there are some first-person shooter elements, this is not really typical a first-person shooter. Your walking speed is very slow and deliberate, even when you're moving faster. You can only carry one weapon at a time, so unfortunately you can't have a firearm and a melee weapon at the same time.
Firearms such as pistols and shotguns are deadly against your enemies, though you won't find additional ammo and you have to use a new firearm when one served its purpose. So unfortunately, you won't be using guns for long. I get why the game doesn't want you to overuse firearms, but it's pretty stupid that you can't reload weapons and instead have to switch for a loaded weapon. Does Ethan's training as a FBI agent and detective not cover that?
Melee weapons are your best bet for survival. You can use anything from metal pipes, broken conduits, 2×4 boards covered in nails, fire axes, sledgehammers and whatever else you can come across. Each weapon has different stats in damage output, swinging speed, blocking ability, and reach. It's up to you to find the ones you are most comfortable with.
Interestingly enough, your enemies consist of violent drug addicts waiting in the darkness ready to ambush you. Beating down enemies with melee weapons can be a tedious process, especially when you're fighting multiple enemies at once. Learning how to time your blocks is important as you can easily lose your health quickly.
But luckily, you have a taser that lets you temporarily stun enemies and make them vulnerable to attacks. However, the taser needs time to recharge after one use so you can't rely on it too much.
Overall, these combat mechanics are not too bad but can be frustrating when it becomes difficult to block. It's even worse when you have nothing but a melee weapon and one of your enemies has a firearm.
Exploration and Investigation
Some areas and safes can only be accessed using specific kinds of weapons, such as fire axes, sledgehammers, and crowbars. So you may spend a good portion of the game searching for one of these in order to move to the next area. Often, you may find yourself walking into a trap in order to acquire a specific weapon.
One of the interesting aspects of the gameplay is that you can use forensic equipment in certain areas. While there is a bit of a learning curve to using this mechanic (since there are a handful of tools you will have to use and you have to read up on how the controls work), this mechanic helps move the story forward and also allows you to gather evidence for later. It's a pretty neat touch that adds to the experience.
There are two different collectibles scattered throughout each chapter: dead birds and broken metal pieces. Finding This is optional since their only purpose is to unlock artwork, cutscenes, and achievements.
Overall, the graphics are okay and there are some genuinely creepy moments in the game (the mall comes into mind). But there really isn't a whole lot to look at. You spend much of the game wandering around in dark areas, usually in some underground location or poorly lit building. While the visuals are appropriate, I can't help but feel that they lack imagination.
One of the first things I noticed about Condemned is that some of the character models feel like they belong to an earlier era home console.
It's strange because the original F.E.A.R. was released only slightly before this one, and the models looked generally better in that game.
Still, I have to give props for some of the enemy designs for looking generally pissed off and deranged. And some, hideous.
What the Hell is Going On?
As you progress through the game, you identify the man who framed you as Serial Killer X. Just like the addicts around Metro City, Serial Killer X mysteriously turned into a violent and calculating person. But furthermore, the addicts are physically taking a more ghoulish appearance.
You also experience hallucinations à la Twin Peaks quite randomly, but the game never bothers explaining why this even happens. You get these grainy visions of shadow people and a man with a mechanical jaw, but they don't mean much in the long run.
In spite of the underlying mystery of what is causing people all over Metro City to suddenly turn aggressive, Condemned has a slow plot progression and explains very little about what's actually going on. Whatever potential the story had been undone by the lack of development. It's annoying that you spent several hours on a game, only to learn a little beyond the initial premise.
So yes, I didn't like the story. It could've been good but it was hesitant to even take those few steps forward.
While I know that some people find Condemned: Criminal Origins quite scary, the game never really makes me feel terrified of what's to come. Yes, I get creeped out a couple of times. But the dull atmosphere and seemingly random plot devices keep me from going off the edge. It's like the team behind the game didn't quite know how to make a game scary, so they inserted random cutscenes in hopes that you would feel a chill. It's strange considering how F.E.A.R. managed to pull this off better.
Don't get me wrong. I'm glad I played the game and it can be fun. But I wished it went further with how the story unfolds so I can be genuinely disturbed by its alleged horror. Otherwise, I like how it's more of a tactical first-person game than a typical first-person shooter.
Condemned: Criminal Origins $14.95 6.8 GAMEPLAY 8.0/10
STORY 5.5/10
GRAPHICS 7.0/10
SOUNDTRACK 6.5/10
Pros The combat mechanics are quite unique and functional, turning the game into a tactical first-person game.
The scripted forensics scenes are interesting to watch, though most of the equipment don't have much use during gameplay.
The graphics are decent for the era, though character models look a bit off. Cons The story is nonsensical and none of the characters stand out as being memorable.
The horror atmosphere is lacking. Humble Store (PC) Amazon (Xbox 360)
Liked it? Take a second to support Orion on Patreon!
UAB football will honor the children and families of Children's Harbor Family Center by wearing the names of patients on the backs of their jerseys during their game against Louisiana Tech on Oct. 7.
"Children's Harbor has absolutely become a part of the Blazer family," said UAB coach Bill Clark. "I intend for this relationship to grow with our program. As we build, there will be even more we can do to provide encouragement and a positive distraction to support the terrific work Children's Harbor does."
The center is located inside the Benjamin Russell Hospital for Children just off UAB's campus in Birmingham and serves seriously ill children and their family through free services. UAB players have spent many hours at the hospital helping out and just encouraging the families there.
UAB will also welcome the families to sit in a section of Legion Field during the game, and after the game, the players will present their game-worn jerseys to the individual families.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 100 Women: Conference live stream
The gap between men and women has narrowed slightly in the past year in most countries, according to a World Economic Forum (WEF) report.
Iceland, Finland and Norway top the list of 136 nations, based on political participation, economic equality and rights like education and health.
The Middle East and North Africa were the only regions not to improve in the past year, with Yemen at the bottom.
The Philippines and Nicaragua both feature in the top 10.
The WEF has produced the report annually for the past eight years.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Report Saadia Zahidi on the importance of measuring inequalities
The release of this year's edition comes as the BBC rounds off a month-long focus on women and gender around the world with a major event at Broadcasting House in London.
One hundred women from all around the world are gathering for a day of debate and discussion as the 100 Women season comes to an end.
Yemen's challenge
Iceland's position at the top of the WEF rankings was the fifth year in a row the country has been named the world's most equal.
Report founder and co-author Saadia Zahidi told the BBC that since the WEF began compiling the index in 2006, 80% of countries had made progress.
"What's worrying though is that 20% of countries have made no progress or are falling behind," they said.
View from the Philippines (ranked 5th) We're a matriarchal society. Mothers are dominant - generally, they influence their children to a large extent. Women usually hold the purse. Even if they are not the major breadwinners, they do the budget, decide how money is spent. Thus, men don't have a dismissive attitude toward women. It's a very liberal work atmosphere we have here. We're not stifled by men. But there was - and is - one important thing going for women here: we have a fantastic support network, from household help to extended families. I was a beat reporter for a daily newspaper while raising a kid. If we didn't have a full-time, home-based babysitter, I wouldn't have managed.
They singled out the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia as countries that had invested in education and health, but had not integrated women into the economy.
Nadia al-Sakkaf, editor of the English-language Yemen Times, in London for the 100 Women conference, told the BBC that they had stopped counting the years their country had languished at the bottom of the equality list.
"It comes down to everyday life. We had three women running for president in 2006. We have lots of women in senior positions," they said.
"But our levels of maternal mortality are very high, and 35% of girls aged 6-14 years old are not in school."
Human capital
Saadia Zahidi of the WEF said that by contrast many sub-Saharan countries had not invested in women, but through necessity they played a major role in the economy.
Nordic countries continued to lead the way because they had a long history of investing in people, they said.
"They are small economies with small populations; they recognise that talent matters, and that talent has to be men and women.
Overall, the report, entitled Global Gender Gap Report 2013, found Iceland to be the most advanced country in the world in terms of gender equality for the fifth year running.
Iceland, Finland (second), Norway (third) and Sweden (fourth) had all closed over 80% of the gender gap, where 100% would represent full equality.
The highest-ranked Asian nation was the Philippines (fifth), praised for its success in health, education and economic participation.
Asia's major economies performed poorly, with China in 69th place and Japan 105th.
Nicaragua in 10th place was the highest positioned country in North and South America, and was praised for a "strong performance" in terms of political empowerment.
Among major world economies Germany ranked 14th (down one), the UK held its position at 18, with Canada at 20 and the United States 23rd.
On matters of health and survival, the report finds that 96% of the gap has now closed.
In terms of education, the global gender gap is 93% closed, with 25 countries now judged to deliver equal treatment to boys and girls at school.
It is a different picture on the core issue of economic equality, where the gender gap has closed by 60%.
In developing and developed countries alike, women's presence in economic leadership positions is limited.
And while women have made small gains in political representation - 2% this year - only 21% of that global gender gap has closed
Ms Zahidi said the idea of the report was not to remind poor countries that they had fewer opportunities than rich countries, but to give them a tool to improve the situation.
"Women make up one half of the human capital available to any economy and any company; if that talent isn't integrated, that is going to be a loss for both women and men," they said.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Police are looking for three men suspected of brutally beating a man in the Angel Stadium parking lot in what appears to have been an unprovoked attack.
The 43-year-old Huntington Beach man and their relative were walking to a car after the Angels' playoff game against the Kansas City Royals Friday night when they were attacked for no apparent reason, Lt. Bob Dunn said Sunday.
Witnesses alerted Anaheim police officers of the incident, and police found the victim unconscious. They were rushed to a hospital, where they were listed in critical condition.
The male relative was not injured.
"There is no evidence to suggest that there was an argument or any type of physical altercation prior to the incident in the parking lot," Dunn told the Orange County Register. They said there was no indication the attack had anything to do with team rivalries.
They said extra officers were on patrol for the postseason game, "above and beyond what we would deploy at a regular-season game."
Angels Stadium is located 30 miles south of Dodgers Stadium, where a San Francisco Giants fan was beaten in 2011 after a game between the rival teams. Bryan Stow, a paramedic from Northern California, suffered brain damage from the beating and is permanently disabled.
The violence sparked scrutiny of stadium security and fan behavior.
A plan to make female high school students undergo mandatory virginity tests has been met with outrage from activists, who argue that it discriminates against women and violates their human rights.
Education chief Muhammad Rasyid, of Prabumulih district in south Sumatra put forward the idea, describing it as "an accurate way to protect children from prostitution and free sex". They said they would use the city budget to begin tests early next year if MPs approved the proposal.
"This is for their own good," Rasyid said. "Every woman has the right to virginity … we expect students not to commit negative acts."
The test would require female senior school students aged 16 to 19 to have their hymen examined every year until graduation. Boys, however, would undergo no investigation into whether they had had sex.
The plan has met with some support from local politicians, who said the test would help cut down on "rampant" promiscuity in the district.
"Virginity is sacred, thus it's a disgrace for a [female] student to lose their virginity before getting married," Hasrul Azwar of the Islamist Prosperous Justice Party (PKS) told the Jakarta Post.
The proposal seems to be in response to increasing cases of premarital sex, local website Kompas reported, including the recent arrest of six senior high school students for alleged prostitution.
It is the third plan of its kind in Muslim-majority Indonesia, where similar drafts were proposed in West Java in 2007, and again in Sumatra in 2010, but dropped after a public outcry.
Local and national MPs, activists, rights groups and even the local Islamic advisory council have all denounced Rasyid's plan as potentially denying female students the universal right to education, in addition to targeting girls for an act that may not have even been consensual, such as sexual assault.
"There are female students who may have lost their virginity due to an accident − it is not their fault," South Sumatra legislative council deputy speaker HA Djauhari told local media.
The National Commission for Child Protection also denounced the plan as an attempt to curry "popularity" among religious conservatives, and called the move "excessive".
"Loss of virginity is not merely because of sexual activities," said Arist Merdeka Sirait of the commission. "It could be caused by sports or health problems and many other factors."
Just how the test would be implemented − and what consequences it could incur were it to be passed − is not yet clear, prompting local teachers to question whether those without intact hymens would still be allowed to attend classes.
Indonesia's education and culture minister, Muhammad Nuh, condemned the plan and said the district needed "a wiser way to address the issue of teen sex".
Virginity is a prized possession among many Indonesians, particularly in rural areas, and rapidly changing mores in a population of 240 million can sometimes create tension among the country's more conservative elders and its large, more moderate youth.
Last year saw lawmakers propose a ban on miniskirts because "provocative clothing makes men do things", while in the shariah-law province of Aceh, women have been ordered to sit side-saddle on motorbikes in order to better obscure the "curves of a woman's body".
Piano prodigy Curtis Elton becomes the youngest person in the world to get university degree in music
Piano prodigy Curtis Elton becomes the youngest person in the world to get university degree in music
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Child prodigy Curtis Elton has become the youngest person in the world to get a degree in music - at the age of 11.
The junior marvel started learning the piano at the age of three and could read music by the time they were four.
Curtis - dubbed Mini Mozart - was the youngest person in the world to pass a piano exam equivalent to the first year of university when they were nine.
And two years on they have completed the course and been awarded an LTCL diploma from elite Trinity College, London.
The qualification - a Licentiate of Trinity College London - is equivalent to the final year of an undergraduate degree.
Curtis practiced for more than two hours a day to perfect a challenging 37 minute programme - mostly from memory - for the examiners.
They played Bach's Prelude and Fugue in E flat, Mozart's Sonata in F, two Etudes by Chopin and April by John Ireland.
(Image: SWNS)
The chief examiner said Curtis performed the Mozart with “much virtuosity” and said their fingers moved “nimbly and easily” in one of the Chopin pieces.
Curtis, who has appeared on Channel 4's Child Genius programme, also had to write a 1,000-word programme about the pieces and histories of the composers.
Proud mum Hayley, 41, - themselves a concert pianist - said they trained Curtis for the exam like a marathon runner by feeding them plates of pasta to give them energy.
Curtis, who is home-schooled and practises on their own white Yamaha grand piano, said: “I was a bit nervous at the beginning of the exam but when I started playing I wasn't nervous anymore.
“I practice for about two hours a day but before the exam I probably did more than that to perfect the pieces.”
Curtis says they want to be as successful as pianists Liberace, Lang Lang and Elton John - but also admires Manchester United heroes Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie.
They said: “I used to listen to my mother playing when I was younger and I really enjoyed it.
“The piano is a really musical instrument and it is nice to play. My favourite composer is probably Chopin.”
(Image: SWNS)
Curtis lives in Barnet, London, with their mum, dad Jonathan, 45, a graphic designer and younger sister Sophia, 10.
The first song they learned to play in full was Yankee Doodle, followed by the Pink Panther theme and then Beethoven's Ode To Joy.
They took their Grade 1 exam with the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music at the age of four.
They rapidly progressed through the grades and got their Grade 8 - the highest - when they were only eight.
When they grow up, Curtis says they would like to be a concert pianist and play at the Albert Hall, or possibly become a doctor - or even a Prime Minister.
Curtis, who only stands at 4ft 7ins but will now have LTCL after their name, added: “Hopefully one day I will play in America. I would like to play all over the world.
“I would like to play at the Royal Albert Hall, Carnegie Hall and the Royal Opera House.
“Last year I played in concert in front of 2,000 people Valencia, Spain. I had my own police because there was a huge queue of people and I was signing autographs for an hour.”
(Image: SWNS)
Mum Hayley is a professional concert pianist and at the age of eight they were the youngest pupil accepted to study at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
They said: “It is an incredible achievement for Curtis. It was hard work, but it was worth it.
“It was like training for a marathon. I was feeding them pasta for energy and making sure they had regular drinks.
“We practiced the programme in sections and then did a few runs of the whole 37 minutes in the weeks before the exam.
“Curtis didn't practice the night before the exam so they would be fresh for the morning.
“It was a very demanding programme and it was very technical. Some piece were very fast.
“He loves performing in front of people so that wasn't a problem.”
They added: “I wanted to get their music exams out of the way before their GCSEs so they didn't interfere.
“But it never occurred to me how quickly they would absorb all the information.
“Even if children start an instrument young, they might not want to continue. But Curtis loves playing the piano and they are very keen to learn.”
(Image: SWNS)
Curtis took their LTCL exam last November and received the result in March.
They were invited onto ITV's Britain's Got Talent in 2011 and in 2014.
But despite getting three out of three yes votes from judges during the auditions both times they failed to make the final selection.
Mum Hayley slammed Simon Cowell and accused them of inviting the youngster on the show only to let them down.
Last summer Curtis entered Channel 4 programme Child Genius - a competition to find the nation's cleverest child - but left after the second episode.
Trinity College London said: “Trinity is proud to support young musicians as they progress and set out on a lifetime of musical appreciation and achievement.”
If you've ever played Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda, Pokémon, Wii Fit, Star Fox Adventures, Donkey Kong, Smash Bros, Kirby, (the list goes on and on) you have Satoru Iwata to thank.
As well as helping to create so many of Nintendo's most famous games, they were also responsible for the DS and Wii.
The big boss once described themselves as having the "brain of a games developer" and "the heart of a gamer".
He's died from cancer at the age of 55.
Satoru Iwata started as a programmer in a Nintendo subsidiary in the 1980s and became Nintendo president in 2002.
Their aim was to make gaming less complex and open to everyone. They were popular for their friendly attitude and sense of humour.
Hundreds of moving tributes have now been posted online. These are just some of them:
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
Some of life's most memorable moments are spent with a table. Think of the family dinners, board game nights, and the hanky panky you and your significant other enjoy when you have the house to yourself. All enjoyed on or around a table!
We, The New Day, are here to alert you to the rise of a camouflaged menace, a filthy scourge, a lingering and powerful blight that should have been eradicated a decade ago, that threatens to mutilate & poach every table in existence. This plague refers to itself as The Dudley Boyz. These Boyz have been destroying tables, obliterating good wood, and spitting in the face of Mother Nature for years so it is time that we took a stand. Please sign this petition to ensure that our future generations don't have to first learn about tables in history textbooks. Keep tables from going the way of the dodo bird. Keep them from going extinct.
And if this petition gains enough support, we're pretty sure we can get the Dudley Boyz fired or tarred and feathered. Something really humiliating. Only you can prevent table violence.
#SaveTheTables
Collier County, FL – I love my job here at the Dreamin' Demon – if I weren't actively searching for stories to post, I would totally miss out on some of the hilarity that occurs in the good ‘ole US of A on a daily basis. Here we have Wal-Mart, public nudity, and dirty underwear all in the same story – what more could you possibly ask for? Meet Todd Napodano – they were airing out their junk in a Wal-Mart parking lot Monday afternoon, when a mother and their daughter happened to pass by their Chevy box van while searching for their own vehicle. When they noticed they had an audience, Todd allegedly stood up in the van and started shaking their hips, and the family jewels, in their general direction. Instead of laughing hysterically and pointing, like I would have done, the women called authorities. When officers rolled onto the scene about an hour later, Todd was still there in the back of their van, all nekkid and stuff, and still in plain view of the public.
When officers confronted Todd and asked them why they were nekkid in the Wal-Mart parking lot, they had a doozy of an excuse at the ready. They told them that they had experienced a case of explosive diarrhea and was using their drawers to clean themselves up. But, upon examination of the tighty whities, the officers couldn't find any evidence of uncontrolled bowels. The undies were stained, but not explosive diarrhea stained. Todd Napodano, 44, was arrested and booked on charges of indecent exposure. Welcome to the Dreamin' Demon, Todd. I do hope you enjoy your stay.
Source
There's a reason why, next to rapid weight loss, no promise is more enthusiastically pushed by hucksters and scam artists than speedy fluency in a foreign language.
From miracle cassette tapes to sleep hypnosis to click-bait hustles (“Language teachers HATE him!”) no one's ever lost money mining the insecurity of unilinguals. Speaking only one language —especially boorish, unromantic English — is a shame as severe as obesity to some, with dreams of confidently ordering off the menu of a chic European bistro a fantasy surpassed only by the chubby diner's dream of not ordering at all.
Hustles of this sort work because they peddle easy answers to problems we know, deep down, don't have any. Gaining fluency in a second language, much like permanently losing weight, is an arduous slog, requiring nothing less than a permanent lifestyle adjustment to achieve.
It's a reality worth keeping in mind as Canada's bilingual elite begin another tendentious round of scolding, this time in response to a popular Barbara Kay column that cast intolerable skepticism on the usefulness of official bilingualism.
I spent a year teaching English in Japan, a nation whose skill at peddling second-language scams has become a bonsai-like art form. Bullet-trains and mailboxes brim with colorful ads for schools boasting revolutionary teaching breakthroughs that will make your English the envy of the entire prefecture. At the for-profit school where I taught, for instance, we offered “pre-natal” classes for students still in the womb (“where am I supposed to speak?” a co-worker wondered).
Despite producing meager output in the long-term, such schools are rarely starved for students since language lessons, much like fad diets, can be crafted to yield deceptively quick initial progress. Starting from scratch, most students can easily memorize a bit of vocabulary, a couple songs, simple Q-and-A scripts, maybe even light conjugation.
Then comes the wall.
After a few months, the learning curve abruptly slams into the abstract and technical. Lessons plunge intro the arbitrary rules of grammar, sentence structure, tone, slang, and convention. The brain becomes bored and hostile towards new knowledge that contradicts its existing architecture of communication; the student, miserable.
Ideally, at this point the pupil blames himself, and continues to throw good money after bad. The sensible just surrender.
All linguists more or less agree that people who are successful at language learning (such as babies) do so because of one critical variable — need.
Living in an isolated, monocultural island, my students' need for English was not obvious. The president of my firm couldn't even speak English himself, nor could many of the teachers in their employ. Those who could almost always have a some quirk in their biography to explain the aberration — born abroad to diplomat parents, educated in London, etc. Indeed, it was the broad awfulness of the Japanese at teaching this exotic foreign tongue that necessitated importing hacks like me.
True laziness is a cloistered elite who dismiss linguistic science to preserve comfortable fantasies that everything they have was earned.
When it comes to fulfilling our betters' demands for French fluency — a requirement for an ever-increasing array of jobs in the federal government — your average English-Canadian is much like the hapless Japanese. Bereft of any daily need for French, we seek magic cures and quick fixes, from French immersion kindergarten to semesters in Quebec City, only to emerge with little more than the names of office supplies and a hatred of Frère Jacques. As with the yo-yo dieter, failure breeds self-loathing, particularly as the hardbodies of Montreal and Ottawa tease that we lack the self-discipline to be more like them.
Official bilingualism is the worst dysfunction of Canadian democracy. Just as the lawyers of England continued speaking Latin long after everyone else because it proved an intimidating class barrier, over-privileging French fluency has turned Canada's rulers into a linguistic aristocracy.
Both opposition parties now promise to make French a mandatory skill for Supreme Court judges. It's perhaps just a matter of time before Justin Trudeau again condemns as “lazy” anyone unlucky enough to not grow up in the mansion of a bilingual prime minister who insisted on speaking different languages on each floor.
True laziness is a cloistered elite who dismiss linguistic science to preserve comfortable fantasies that everything they have was earned.
National Post
By SIMON ROMERO
c.2009 New York Times News Service
PUERTO AYORA, Galapagos Islands - The mounds of reeking garbage on the edge of this settlement 600 miles off Ecuador's Pacific coast are proof that one species is thriving on the fragile archipelago whose unique wildlife inspired Darwin's theory of evolution: man.
Tiny gray finches, descendants of birds that were crucial to their thesis, flutter around the dump, which serves a growing town of Ecuadoreans who have moved here to work in the islands' thriving tourist industry.
The burgeoning human population of the Galapagos, which doubled to about 30,000 in the last decade, has unnerved environmentalists. They point to evidence that the growth is already harming the ecosystem that allowed the islands' more famous inhabitants - among them giant tortoises and boobies with brightly colored webbed feet - to evolve in isolation before mainlanders started colonizing the islands more than a century ago.
The growth has become enough of a threat to the environment that even the government, which still welcomes growth in the tourism industry, has begun taking the politically unpopular step of expelling hundreds of poor Ecuadoreans from a province that they feel is rightfully theirs.
By limiting the population, officials hope to preserve the natural wonders that bolster one of Ecuador's most profitable sectors: tourism. But the new measures are also feeding a backlash among unskilled migrants who say they feel they are being punished while the country continues to enjoy the tens of millions of dollars that tourists bring to Ecuador, one of South America's poorest nations.
"We are being told that a tortoise for a rich foreigner to photograph is worth more than an Ecuadorean citizen," said Maria Mariana de Reina Bustos, 54, a migrant from Ambato in Ecuador's central Andean valley, whose 22-year-old daughter, Olga, was recently rounded up by the police near the slum of La Cascada and put on a plane to the mainland.
The first settlers came to the islands to live off the land; working as fishermen and ranchers and farmers. Now, most of those who make the short flight from Quito, the capital, or sneak on the islands in boats, are lured by different sorts of riches: the relatively high wages they can earn as taxi drivers and maids or workers in the islands' growing bureaucracy.
For decades, the country's leaders did little to prevent people from coming here, partly to build the tourist industry and, then, to ensure the government had a presence among the pioneers. There seemed to be something of a natural limit on growth: The country had put aside 97 percent of the archipelago as a park.
But as tourism and migration grew over the last decade, pressure began building within the archipelago's scientific and environmental community and abroad for Ecuador to act on curbing the island's population. The United Nations put the Galapagos on its list of endangered heritage sites in 2007.
Scientists here said people have already done significant damage, pointing to fuel spills, the poaching of giant tortoises and sharks and the introduction of invasive species - including rats, cattle and fire ants - that threaten animals endemic to the Galapagos.
Even seemingly benign human activities - like owning a pet - can have outsized consequences here.
"With people come cats, and with cats come threats to other animals found nowhere else in the world," said Fernando Ortiz, coordinator of the Galapagos program for Conservation International.
Conflict is built into the rules that allowed Galapagos to be colonized in the first place, despite a lack of fresh water in the archipelago. Technically, residency is granted to a limited number of people, including those born here and their spouses, people who arrived before 1998, and those with temporary work permits. Police, known in local slang as the "migra" - for their role in tracking down illegal migrants, set up impromptu checkpoints throughout the islands. But the same government that pays the police's wages also offers subsidies that started when Ecuador was interested in building the population. One subsidy allows gasoline to cost about the same here as on the mainland. Another allows residents to fly between the islands or to Quito for a fraction of what foreigners pay. Loopholes also flourish. For instance, a black market in residency thrives in which migrants marry established residents to obtain coveted identity cards.
The result: Puerto Ayora's streets beckon with discotheques, food stands and souvenir shops. On the outskirts, a billboard with the image of Leopoldo Bucheli, the pro-development mayor, celebrates a project called El Mirador that is clearing an area on the edge of town to build 1,000 new homes.
"All we want, like people anywhere on this planet, is a dignified existence," said Yonny Mantuano, 36, who bought a lot to build a home at El Mirador.
The government's somewhat schizophrenic view of life here is echoed by the sentiments of the people. Margarita Masaquiza, 45, an Indian from Ecuador's highlands who arrived here at the age of 14, abhors the government's expulsions.
"We built this province with our own hands, so, yes, it pains us to see our countrymen deported like animals," said Masaquiza. "After all, we are indigenous Ecuadoreans, how can we be illegal in our own country?"
But when asked how they felt about the impact of new migrants on their four children and four grandchildren, Masaquiza adopted a different tone.
"We must preserve opportunities for our families," they said.
Most people in Galapagos live on San Cristobal, an island where a penal colony functioned decades ago, and Santa Cruz, where Puerto Ayora is located. Development is spreading to other parts of the archipelago, as well. Isabela, the largest of the islands, offers a glimpse into the Galapagos frontier.
Despite its streets of sand, Puerto Villamil, Isabela's main town, looks not unlike a Phoenix subdivision circa 2007. Laborers work feverishly on 200 new cinderblock homes on the town's edge. Only about 2,000 people live in the town, but it boasts one of the Galapagos' highest rates of population growth, about 9 percent a year.
"I earn $1,200 a month here, while I could only earn $500 a month on the continent," said Bolivar Buri, 26, a construction worker born in Puerto Villamil who made a small fortune this year when they sold an empty lot for $8,000 that they bought six years ago for $600.
But even in the island's less spoiled areas, there is little doubt that this is not the land that Darwin left.
On the road from Puerto Villamil to the drizzle-shrouded crater of Sierra Negra volcano, subsistence hunters on horseback scan the forest for wild pigs, a species introduced by mariners over a century ago. White cattle egrets, another introduced species, fly overhead.
One recent day, Manuel Lopez, a cowboy and migrant from the mainland who tends a herd under the volcano's mist, emerged from a forest thick with guava trees.
They paused under the equatorial sun; their gaze narrowed.
"If it is God's will, I'm on this island to stay," said Lopez, 36.
"We must be in Galapagos for a reason," they said, prodding a visitor to reply. "Yes or no?"
It might be getting harder to get legally high in Washington state.
On Thursday, the Drug Enforcement Administration sent letters to the owners and landlords of 23 of the state's medical marijuana businesses, stating the properties were subject to prosecution and seizure if they didn't shut down operations within the next 30 days, the Seattle Times reports.
The DEA letters state the 23 businesses had been deemed to be 1,000 feet or closer to a school "or other prohibited area," but in fact state law does not authorize dispensaries of any type.
The letter, which was obtained by the Seattle Times, states:
Please be advised that distributing, possessing with intent to distribute, or manufactruing controlled substance, or aiding and abetting such an offense violates federal law. Doing any of these activities in close proximity to an educational facility or playground, subjects the person involved to enhanced penalties.
The names of the dispensaries have not been released.
Visit the Seattle Times for more details.
In a statement released by the U.S. Attorney's office Thursday, Jenny A. Durkan, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Washington emphasized their commitment to keeping school zones drug free:
We all work hard to create a safe zone for kids in school. There is a reason that both federal and state laws prohibit sales of marijuana in school zones. We need to enforce one message for our students: drugs have no place in or near our schools.
Federal law prohibits the sale of marijuana, but some states, including Washington, have passed their own laws allowing for the possession, growing or selling of medicinal pot.
Since 1996, when California became the first state to pass such a law, 15 other states and the District of Columbia have passed some variation on the statute. Washington's law was originally passed in 1998 and was amended in 2008 and 2010.
There are more than 140 total medical-marijuana related businesses in Seattle alone, the Seattle Times notes. Gov. Chris Gregoire vetoed a recent attempt to legalize and regulate the businesses, leaving that state with one of the must unregulated industries in the country, according to The Times.
Kimberly Mills, communications director for Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes, told the newspaper that while the city generally keeps a hands-off approach towards dispensaries, any businesses inside school zones are fair game, and they know it.
This newest action is part of a larger crackdown on medical marijuana businesses by both local and federal authorities.
At the end of July, the mayor of Los Angeles signed a new dispensary ban, passed by the City Council, which aims to close all such facilities by Sept. 6, according to LA Weekly. Storefront sales are being targeted, although groups of three or fewer patients will still be able to legally cultivate the plant, the Los Angeles Times reports.
Yesterday, the city ratcheted up the pressure by asking federal authorities to help enforce the ban.
Patient Care Alliance Los Angeles, a trade association, has taken the city to court in an effort to vacate the law, Reuters reports. Cannabis advocates have also been pounding the LA pavement since the ban's passing in an effort to gather enough signatures to force a referendum to overturn the ordinance. If petition-gatherers can find 27,400 names in the next three weeks, the referendum would be put before voters in March, the Los Angeles Times reports.
Meanwhile, federal authorities in California have expanded a continuing crackdown on dispensaries, filing three lawsuits and sending cease and desist letters to more than 60 operations in Orange County, CBS News reports.
BJP Yuva Morcha chief Anurag Thakur and some close associates will begin the campaign 'HOW  Honour Our Women' with a seminar in Delhi on growing cases of sexual crimes against women and how this can deal with. (PTI)
After holding scores of protests and rallies across the country, members of BJP's youth wing have decided to embark on an apolitical agenda of educating and spreading awareness among college students about women's rights and how to fight atrocities against them.
On December 16, the first anniversary of the heinous gang rape in the capital, BJP Yuva Morcha chief Anurag Thakur and some close associates will begin the campaign 'HOW  Honour Our Women' with a seminar in Delhi on growing cases of sexual crimes against women and how this can deal with.
"This will be an apolitical initiative throughout. We are inviting Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and also Congress MP Shashi Tharoor as well as editors for the seminar. Youth with different ideologies can join us in the programme under which we will reach out to 1,000 colleges across the country by March, 2014," Thakur said.
They rued that while the media had been giving a lot of space to the debate on the Supreme Court order banning gay sex, there was not much discussion on the challenges faced by women, who form 50 per cent of the population.
Their team plans to make a short documentary on the measures suggested by politicians like Jaitley, Tharoor, as well as professionals like doctors, lawyers, police, NGOs, psychiatrists and others on gender sensitisation, domestic violence and fighting back exploitation by employers, especially in corporate houses and the media.
Along with seminars and interactions of college students with experts and politicians, Thakur and their team will also discuss issues like how women can fight against incest, foeticide, female infanticide, harassment and rape.
Once the programme takes off, Thakur plans to start a helpline for women who are in distress or facing problems in lodging FIRs and so on.
"We will also emphasise that all organisations implement the Vishaka guidelines on prevention of sexual harassment at the workplace," Thakur said.
ALSO READ Sisodia moves into Mayur Vihar flat
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
A contemporary portrait of Richard Jago
Richard Jago (1 October 1715 – 8 May 1781) was an English clergyman poet and minor landscape gardener from Warwickshire. Although their writing was not highly regarded by contemporaries, some of it was sufficiently novel to have several imitators.
Life [ edit ]
Richard Jago was the third son of the Rector of Beaudesert, Warwickshire, and was named after him. Their father's family was of Cornish origin, while their mother was from the immediately adjoining village of Henley in Arden. They were educated at Solihull School, where one of its five houses is now named after him. While there they formed a lifelong friendship with William Shenstone.
In 1732, they went up to University College, Oxford and while there Shenstone made them acquainted with other students with a literary taste. They took their master's degree 9 July 1738, having entered into the church the year before, and served the curacy of Snitterfield, Warwickshire, near Stratford upon Avon. In 1744, they married Dorothea Susanna Fancourt, daughter of the rector of Kimcote in Leicestershire, whom they had known from their childhood. In 1751 their wife died, leaving them with the care of seven very young children. Three of these were boys, who predeceased him, but they were eventually survived by three of their daughters. In 1759, they married a second wife, Margaret Underwood, but had no children by them
Jago had become vicar of Harbury in 1746, and shortly after of Chesterton, both in Warwickshire. Through aristocratic patrons, they were given the living of Snitterfield in 1754, and later was presented with their former father-in-law's living in Kimcote in 1771, after which they resigned the livings of Harbury and Chesterton, keeping the others. Snitterfield remained their favourite residence and it was there that they would die at the age of 66.
Jago shared with Shenstone an interest in landscape gardening and occupied themselves with making improvements to the Snitterfield vicarage garden. Both became part of the likeminded circle about Henrietta Knight, Lady Luxborough which also included other literary friends, William Somervile and Richard Graves, rector of Claverton. Shenstone dedicated a bench to Jago at the end of the viewing circuit near their house, The Leasowes, and both dedicated poems to each other.[1]
Poetry [ edit ]
Jago's first independent publications were two sermons. The first, "The Cause of Impenitence Considered" (1755), was published for the benefit of Harbury Free School; the second was a funeral sermon, "The nature and grounds of a Christian's happiness in and after death" (1763). Shenstone's letters mention an Essay on Electricity written by Jago, written in 1747, but this seems to have remained unpublished.[2]
Poems of theirs were also beginning to appear in Robert Dodsley's anthologies, Collection of Poetry by several hands, among which the sentimental elegy "The Blackbirds" had made something of a stir after it first appeared in the ephemeral magazine The Adventurer in 1753. This was a lament on the death of a self-sacrificing blackbird and was shortly followed by similar poems on goldfinches and swallows.[3] They were particularly praised by Dr. John Aikin in their "Essay on the application of Natural History to poetry",[4] who also noted that there were soon imitations among other minor poets, including Samuel Jackson Pratt's "The Partridges, an elegy" (1771)[5] and James Graeme's "The Linnet" (1773).[6]
Jago's most ambitious publication was the four-part topographical poem, Edge Hill, or the rural prospect delineated and moralised (1767). It was written in blank verse and was once described as "the most elaborate local poem in our language".[7] The poet takes their stance on the hill in the morning, facing south-west (book 1); at noon they are on Ratley Hill in the centre (books 2–3) and then moves along the ridge to look north-east at evening. The poem intermingles description with legendary, historical and antiquarian particulars, principally the battle at the start of the English Civil War. Imaginary excursions are made to Warwick, Coventry, Kenilworth, Solihull, and industrial Birmingham (under the name Bremicham), as well as many "flattering descriptions of all the great houses and seats of important people which come within their survey". Local rivers are also included and even the nearby canal on which "sooty barks pursue their liquid track". There are many digressions as well, including descriptions of industrial processes and of the nature of vision and the working of the telescope.
Edge Hill, showing distinctive mediaeval ridge and furrow systems
The critic already quoted finds the poem "really interesting; with the scene before us, it is impossible not to admire the ingenuity and scrupulous thoroughness with which the author has performed their task," although ultimately it is lacking in poetic execution. The Cambridge History of English and American Literature judges that "his catalogues have little picturesqueness or colour; while their verse, although it is not without the accent of local association, is typical, as a whole, of the decadence of the Miltonic method of natural description in the 18th century. Every group of trees is a grove, every country house a dome, and every hill a precipice".[8] Particular examples of hackneyed diction include Latin-derived adjectives, as in "Honington's irriguous meads", or else 18th century circumlocutions such as "the woolly tribes" when sheep are meant. Nevertheless, the poem seems to have inspired the writing of the much shorter and simpler "Ode to Lansdowne Hill" (1785), which celebrates the site of another Civil War battle.[9]
In the following year Jago published "Labour and Genius, or the mill-stream and the cascade", a humorous fable in octosyllabic verse written in memory of William Shenstone and their landscaped grounds at the Leasowes. Poems of lesser significance appeared here and there and Jago was working on a revised edition of their collected poems just before their death. This appeared posthumously as Poems, Moral and Descriptive in 1784. Included there was another homage to Milton in the oratorio "Adam, or the fatal disobedience, compiled from Milton's Paradise Lost and adapted to music". The rhymed choruses there were of Jago's composition, but the main body of the work is adapted directly from Paradise Lost. Though it found no composer to set it, another of Jago's pieces did. This was the "Roundelay for the Stratford Jubilee" organised by David Garrick in 1769, which was set for singing by Charles Dibdin.
One other humorous piece also found an imitator. In Jago's "Hamlet's soliloquy imitated", a minor poet agonises over whether "to print or not to print" and run the danger, by submitting their verses to Dodsley, to "lose the name of author".[10] A subsequent parody titled "The Presbyterian parson's soliloquy" over the question to "conform or not conform" appeared in The Hibernian Magazine in 1774[11] and was often reprinted thereafter, ascribed to Samuel Badcock. One later commentator gave it as their opinion that "the hint of this parody was probably borrowed from Mr Jago's".[12] Slight Jago's output may have been, but it appears to have been influential in its time.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Impaired biosynthesis of Allopregnanolone (ALLO), a brain endogenous neurosteroid, has been associated with numerous behavioral dysfunctions, which range from anxiety- and depressive-like behaviors to aggressive behavior and changes in responses to contextual fear conditioning in rodent models of emotional dysfunction. Recent animal research also demonstrates a critical role of ALLO in social isolation. Although there are likely aspects of perceived social isolation that are uniquely human, there is also continuity across species. Both human and animal research show that perceived social isolation (which can be defined behaviorally in animals and humans) has detrimental effects on physical health, such as increased hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) activity, decreased brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) expression, and increased depressive behavior. The similarities between animal and human research suggest that perceived social isolation (loneliness) may also be associated with a reduction in the synthesis of ALLO, potentially by reducing BDNF regulation and increasing HPA activity through the hippocampus, amygdala, and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BNST), especially during social threat processing. Accordingly, exogenous administration of ALLO (or ALLO precursor, such as pregnenolone), in humans may help alleviate loneliness. Congruent with our hypothesis, exogenous administration of ALLO (or ALLO precursors) in humans has been shown to improve various stress-related disorders that show similarities between animals and humans i.e., post-traumatic stress disorders, traumatic brain injuries. Because a growing body of evidence demonstrates the benefits of ALLO in socially isolated animals, we believe our ALLO hypothesis can be applied to loneliness in humans, as well.
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
MSU grad Brian Aust, of Silverton, Ore., carved this Spartan head in their field. (Photo: twitter.com)
Take a lawn rake to a field of grass seed and put the results on the Internet, and you never know what might happen.
Michigan State alum Brian Aust of Silverton, Ore., got a call from MSU athletic director Mark Hollis and a busy day on Twitter for their trouble. Hollis gave Aust a ring today after seeing the picture of a Spartan head carved into Aust's field – about 78 miles northeast of Eugene, where the MSU and Oregon football teams will meet in a top-10 battle Saturday.
Flying into Oregon? Hope your flight pattern takes you over Brian's property. #GoStatepic.twitter.com/5VdhkHdNsa — Mark Hollis (@MSUAD) September 4, 2014
Hollis then tweeted the picture – which was actually taken by Aust's nephew in a helicopter – and wrote: "Flying into Oregon? Hope your flight pattern takes you over Brian's property. #GoState"
"I had a Spartan head on a piece of paper as a template, and I just went out there with my hand lawn rake and started scratching away," Aust said. "We did the same thing (in the sand) at Huntington Beach (Calif.) before the Rose Bowl, but it didn't get nearly as much attention as this."
Aust created the Spartan head last week and sent the picture of it to Hondo Carpenter of spartannation.com, and it spread from there.
"Then Mr. Hollis called me," Aust said, "so I know them now."
Aust is a 1983 graduate of Williamston High, and they got an animal science degree from MSU in 1988.  They are a meat commodities trader and the grass-seed field is part of a "hobby farm," they said. And yes, he'll be at the MSU-Oregon game Saturday – and Hollis has been invited to their tailgate.
Vallarta Living | Art Talk | February 2009
Photo Tip of the Week: Photographing Humpback Whales
Larry Bennett - PVNN
Photo Tips of the Week are written by Larry Bennett, a professional photographer living in Puerto Vallarta. To view more of their work, visit LarryBennettPhotography.com. Photographing the mighty Humpback Whales are probably one of my biggest sources of frustration as a photographer but if you have a little patience and wait a few minutes, those mighty creatures will blow and raise those mighty humps in the air and show you some of the most beautiful flukes you will ever see. You will suddenly feel like you deserve a nature photographer of the year award. Let me explain this comment.
I put "photographing the whales" as one of the hardest things to do. With over 15,000 whale images under my belt I still continue to get frustrated and wonder just what I'm doing wrong sometimes. At times it's a juggling act, between white balance, lighting (Kelvin Temperature), speed, focus, people's elbows, and other boats getting in the way. You're standing in a boat trying to steady your camera while going 20 miles per hour in three foot waves. When all of a sudden an object as big as a 45 foot school bus, weighing 45 tons with side pectoral fins over 16 feet in length appears 90 feet off your port side, blows water (or as I refer to as whale snot) all over you and your equipment. Pandemonium breaks out with breaths of joy, fear, and awe; the boat is rocking and pitching and your adrenalin just spiked! It just doesn't get any better. Whales are fun, not only to see but to photograph. Let's take a look at some things I do to capture the ultimate whale images.
Choosing a Boat and Guide
All boats that advertise and take passengers out into the Bay of Bandera's need to have the special orange flag which proves the boat and crew are registered with the authorities and have permission to take passengers into the whale zones. The boat, captain, and crew must observe the rules set forth and respect the whales and their rituals. I can say that most of the boats do a pretty good job with this. It has always been the best for me to find a smaller boat which has the capacity to hold 8-12 passengers as they have the speed and maneuverability to put you on the whales rather quickly. Tell your guide that you are a photographer and they will more than likely give you a special spot on the side or at the front of the boat.
Let's Look at our Equipment
For those of you that are not into serious photography or just don't want to pay the big dollars for a DSLR (Digital Single Lens Reflex), you will still be able to get some good images with your point and shoot.. I will tell you how a little later in this article. However, if you are shooting a compact point and shoot, one good piece of advice is that not all memory or flash cards are the same! If you're all proud of yourself for saving big bucks on a discount flash or memory card there is a 100 percent chance you'll be shooting just that, an image that you will not be happy with. When it comes to shooting action or moving objects such as the whales, having a flash or memory card which has a fast processing speed is very important.
DSLR people, let's look at lenses. We will talk a little later about settings but for now let's pick out our lenses. All of my cameras are Canons. Now this doesn't mean my stuff is better than yours, it just means I like and shoot Canon and have always had great luck and success with Canon. My favorite lens for running around the bay is my 70-200 F2.8 SS/IM. I shoot 85 percent of my whale images with this lens. In prior years I have used my 100-400 SS/IS, but the focusing on this lens is very slow when shooting whales. I also shoot an 18-105 F3.5 SS/IM. Using these two lenses, I feel that I have all of my bases covered while shooting the whales. That's why I always shoot with two cameras.
I carry an extra battery for each camera, as well as two extra high speed professional flash or memory cards. I also keep a dry lens rag in my vest or pocket, a bath towel in my backpack, and a few plastic trash bags to wrap my camera and camera bags, just in case you get into rough sea's or foul weather.
3 | 4 1 | 2
Photo Tips of the week are written by Larry Bennett, a professional photographer living in Puerto Vallarta. These tips are to be just tips, refer to your cameras owner's manual for specifics on your camera. Readers are welcome to enjoy Larry's website at LarryBennettPhotography.com.
Tell a Friend • Site Map • Print this Page • Email Us • Top
Ginger Step Child: I dunno, out in the first round, I think. The axes look pretty weak to me.
Smaug: Dislike.
Agent Orange: Nasty disc, but a big exposed chassis and exposed wheels looks dangerous.
Maelstrom: I guess it's powerful, but that poor wedge is going to make it difficult to really get stuck in.
F30: I like the look of this, and I'm going to enjoy all the weaker pieces getting ripped off it too.
Fusion Reactor: If this doesn't win Heat A, then colour me surprised.
Hurt Sandwich: Stale.
Zlammer: What a mess. At least it's protected from the big nasty spinners here.
Billet 9: Where did all the weight go? Could you not have made it bigger and jammed a more powerful motor in there? Or at least given it some sort of frame? I dunno.
Witching Hour: Gadreel could probably get some good hits in on the top of this before those big bars swat it away. Probably the Heat B winner here.
Reaper: In order for the weapon to hit the opponent, they need to be way up close and next to the exposed chassis. Hmm...
Gadreel: Well I guess that the chassis is out of harm, so that's something, although I kinda expect this just to slide around for days.
Darlene: But won't the teeth stop things from getting up the flipper?
Metrocide: I doubt it.
Industry 5: Looks pretty nice, but can it be self right?
A Piece Of Rake: No drones here, buddy. Good luck.
Phobos: I think this one has the edge over Industry 5 and 31V15, so I'll call this the winner of Heat C.
31V15: As long as it doesn't fall on its face it should do well.
Galaxy: Four robots have central weapons that are going straight for that exposed motor. Unless the flipper can come into play, I don't see this doing very well.
Hypershocked: It's kinda cool looking, I guess.
Terrazone: If it can trap the opponents on those blades then it might stand a chance.
Cridine: It's a very weak heat, but I think this one might be able to win Heat D.
Duck Fury: My ex is Ducky. Stop trying to TRIGGER me. (Please win a match. Gotta have an underduck in this heat.)
Scratch: Man, I would've loved to have seen this getting dismantled by a big spinner. Shame.
Invasion: Just the perfect shape to allow me to get my hammer onto the chassis. Although to be in that position, the flywheels are gonna be tearing me two new front assholes, so...
Undercut: Looks pretty cool, actually, but the teeth seem awfully small.
Lobsteriffic!: Hell yeah. I'm set for an elimination in Round Two, unless Flood XL-C and Toxic Slash 2 are both taken out in the Group Battles.
Flood XL-C: Heat E winner, 'nuff said.
VF-09 Walkure: Very pretty looking. I doubt it's ability to battle, though.
Toxic Slash 2: Another very good looking robot. If Flood XL-C doesn't win Heat E, this one will.
Pope Francis Pleads for Peace as Israel-Palestine Fighting Carries On
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
As the fighting between Israel and Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip carried on with no breakthrough in efforts for an enduring ceasefire, Pope Francis on Sunday broke off from their scripted weekly Angelus address and said, "Please stop," pleading for peace in the world.
"Brothers and sisters, never war, never war! I am thinking above all children, who are deprived of the hope of a worthwhile life, of a future," the pontiff said in Saint Peter's Square on Sunday, speaking of the forthcoming centenary of the World War I.
"I think especially of the children whose hopes for a dignified future are taken from them, dead children, injured and mutilated children, orphans and children who have bits of weapons as toys, children who don't know how to smile," news.va, the official Vatican network, quoted them as saying.
"Please stop. I ask you with all my heart," Francis pleaded, saying they were especially thinking of the Middle East, Iraq and Ukraine.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have died since Israel launched a military operation over 20 days ago. An Israeli soldier was also killed last week by a shell fired from Gaza. At least 43 Israeli troops have died in the fighting, including three civilians, according to the Israeli army.
The UN Security Council on Monday called for "an immediate and unconditional humanitarian cease-fire in Gaza."
On Sunday, U.S. President Barack Obama urged Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for an "immediate, unconditional" ceasefire, according to Sky News.
Obama "made clear the strategic imperative of instituting an immediate, unconditional humanitarian ceasefire that ends hostilities now and leads to a permanent cessation of hostilities," according to the White House.
Hamas, which claimed it had accepted a UN request for a 24-hour extension of a humanitarian truce in Gaza on Sunday, fired rockets at Israel. However, Sky News correspondents in Gaza and Israel said fighting has calmed on both sides since the start of the 12-hour humanitarian truce Saturday, followed by a 24-hour ceasefire.
Pope Francis has been calling for better relations between Israel and Palestine since before the fighting began.
At a ceremony attended by Israeli President Shimon Peres and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in the Vatican Gardens at the Vatican on June 9, Francis said God alone can bring peace to the Holy Land and that it is the "evil one" who is blocking it.
"More than once we have been on the verge of peace, but the evil one, employing a variety of means, has succeeded in blocking it," the pope said, according to Catholic News Service. "That is why we are here, because we know and we believe that we need the help of God."
Francis invited the two leaders during their first visit as pope to the Holy Land in May. The two presidents met for the first time at a public meeting in more than a year.
During their trip to the Holy Land, the pope spoke in favor of the rights of Palestinians to a sovereign homeland as well as Israel's right to exist in peace.
Details
We are ecstatic to introduce the Xhover Stingy! We worked closely with Xhover Team pilot Kevin Dougherty, AKA Stingersswarm, to come up with the ultimate freestyle frame. We flew them out to Xhover HQ, sat down with him, threw ideas out on the table, went back and forth with variations of this frame, and had them test fly them to create a frame designed to their specific needs and one that we knew all of our customers would enjoy. After months of R&D, we finally designed an exceptional flying machine! A true X top mount and low profile FPV freestyle frame!
The Xhover Stingy is a true X design that features a low profile design keeping everything low within the center of gravity. Keeping the FPV camera protected was a challenge, however we came up with a unique camera plate. This plate provides protection from hard impacts when landing or bottoming out. Our unique way of removing the arms was also implemented in this design. Two screws is all that is required to remove and replace a broken arm without disturbing the PDB/FC Stack.
Words from Xhover Team Pilot Kevin Dougherty
My first encounter with aviation was when I was seven years old and my Dad had Flight Simulator on our home PC. My Mom wanted to send me to bed but Dad said I could stay up as long as I didn't crash. After half an hour of flying between buildings they both made me go to bed. I turned that passion and obsession with aviation into a career as an Airline Pilot. The first time I saw an FPV video I became infatuated. FPV gives me the freedom to fly and push the boundries of what's possible in flight without risking life and limb. So yeah, Stingersswarm, they like to fly stuff.
Overview Features
Durable
Chamfered Edges! no more sanding edges.
Low Profile
Top Battery mount
HD Camera ready (GoPro)
Light weight
3K Twill Carbon Fiber
Easy to remove arms using 2 screws
Minimal hardware and parts
High Quality Titanium M3 Button head hardware
Easy Grip Standoffs
Easy repairs
Plenty of space for components
Durable and light
Weight
Airframe: 110g with all hardware
Included
1xTop Plate 2mm Chamfer Edge
1x Main Plate with press nuts installed 2mm Chamfer Edge
1x Bottom plate 1.5mm
Camera Slot Plate 2mm Chamfer Edge ( NEW)
2x Camera mounts 2mm
4x Arms 4mm Chamfer Edge
26x 8mm Titanium Button Head Screws
8x 20mm Black Standoffs
1x 28mm Gunmetal Standoff
1x Small Battery strap
1x Medium Battery strap
1x ESC sticker sheet
4x Foam landing pads
1x Battery none slip pad
Suggested Components
Videos
(CNN) For all of the attention to this year's House of Representatives special elections, November's gubernatorial races in New Jersey and especially Virginia will likely offer a more revealing measure of how Donald Trump's presidency is reconfiguring the political landscape.
Local issues and dynamics will strongly influence the results, but both contests are also illuminating the challenges that Trump's redefinition of the party carries for Republicans in affluent, diverse, heavily white-collar states, particularly those along the coasts.
With their bristling nationalist message and repeated gestures toward white racial resentments , Trump is generally strengthening the GOP's hand among culturally conservative working-class, evangelical and rural whites. But he's made those gains at the price of alienating more socially moderate suburban white-collar whites and deepening the resistance Republicans face among minority voters and Millennials.
The four 2017 special elections for open Republican House seats muffled the full implications of that trade-off because they all occurred on Republican-leaning terrain. Only the party's close call last June in the suburban Georgia seat vacated by (now former) Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price hinted at the difficulties Trump's positioning could cause with upscale white voters who ordinarily lean right on economics but tilt toward the center-left on cultural questions and racially-tinged issues like immigration.
The governor race in New Jersey between Republican Kim Guadagno and Democrat Phil Murphy and especially the Virginia contest between Democrat Ralph Northam and Republican Ed Gillespie will offer a more complete balance sheet on Trump's impact. Both states' GOP gubernatorial nominees -- Guadagno, now the lieutenant governor and Gillespie, the former Republican National Committee chair -- have worked diligently to maintain distance from Trump. And yet polls show that voters' preferences in the governors' races are strongly tracking with their attitudes toward Trump. In particular, the antipathy toward Trump among college-educated white voters in both states has created a significant headwind for each Republican.
The Democratic contenders are also benefiting from the relative popularity of outgoing Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe in Virginia and the record unpopularity of outgoing Republican Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey. One other factor boosts the Democrats too: except for McAuliffe's Virginia victory in 2013, in both states, the party that lost the White House the previous year has captured the governorship in each election since 1989.
Trump's impact is almost certainly less significant in New Jersey, though only because Christie's troubles have prevented Guadagno, a moderate, from ever becoming competitive. With Christie sinking to record-low approval ratings, polls have consistently shown Murphy, a wealthy former investment banker and ambassador to Germany, routing Guadagno in a race that has stirred strikingly little local interest.
"I think it's going to be fairly difficult ... to make a big judgment about Trump based on the results of the New Jersey gubernatorial election in part because it's going to be difficult to separate Trump's unpopularity vs. Christie's unpopularity, which has had a bigger impact on voters," says Kris Shields, an assistant research professor at Rutgers University.
Even with the Christie effect, though, recent polling has shown a close correlation between attitudes toward Trump and preferences in the gubernatorial race. In Quinnipiac University's most recent New Jersey poll, support for Guadagno closely tracked Trump approval among non-white voters (17% support for her, 16% Trump approval); independents (36% for her, 34% for him) and college-educated whites (36% for her, 34% for him.) While Christie comfortably carried college-educated whites in each of their two victories, the survey showed the Democrat Murphy now holding a wide lead among them.
In all, Quinnipiac found, three-fifths of New Jersey voters disapproved of Trump and 81% of them were supporting Murphy.
The Trump stamp on the GOP presents almost no upside for Republicans in New Jersey, a state with virtually no rural population, few evangelicals, and large concentrations of minority and white-collar white voters.
The equation is more complicated in Virginia. That's a state where large minority and white-collar populations, largely in the state's booming Northern Virginia suburbs outside Washington DC, are balanced (though not equaled) by substantial concentrations of rural and evangelical whites, mostly in the state's southern and western counties.
Though Democrats have taken the state in three consecutive presidential elections and hold both US Senate seats, Republicans still control the state legislature and held the governorship from 2009 through McAuliffe's win in 2013. (The Republican governor that served that term, Bob McDonnell, was the subject of a high-profile federal corruption trial after they left office.)
Gillespie's unusually complex campaign gyrations capture the challenge Republicans now face navigating their way through this landscape. On the one hand, Gillespie has doggedly refused to directly criticize Trump or directly disavow almost any of their policy initiatives. Gillespie didn't denounce Trump's widely denounced response to the Charlottesville violence and they have steadfastly refused to take a position on any of the serial Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
On the other, though Gillespie was previously considered a voice for racial inclusion in the GOP, they have placed a surprising emphasis on some Trump-like themes. Gillespie has opposed the removal of confederate monuments in the state (though he's said they should be balanced with more "historical context") and their television advertising has stressed their opposition to "sanctuary cities" that don't fully cooperate with federal immigration enforcement, and tried to link Northam to the violent Central American gang MS-13.
Virginia's Lt. Governor Ralph Northam talks to host Dean Obeidallah about their gubernatorial campaign during a SiriusXM Town Hall at SiriusXM Studio on August 27, 2017 in Washington, DC.
Operatives in both parties see these contrary, if not mixed, messages as a measure of how complicated it has become for Virginia Republicans to tightrope between a party base increasingly responsive to Trump-like racially-tinged populism and the rapid growth of diverse, socially moderate suburbs not only outside Washington DC but also Richmond. Trying to satisfy each, Gillespie risks disappointing both.
"A lot of the Trump people are saying they [Gillespie] is not really with us," says Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. "And I don't know any Democrat who would vote for Gillespie simply because he's putting a little distance between themselves and trump. I don't' think we have ever been this polarized in this lifetime."
One GOP strategist familiar with the Gillespie camp's thinking says one reason they have offered such complex messaging is that attitudes toward Trump have remarkably diverged across the state. "There is a boatload of people who think he's god-like, and then there are people who are very mediocre toward them -- in Richmond and the [southeastern] Tidewater region -- and then there's the greater Washington DC area, where he's nothing short of fingernails on the chalkboard," said one GOP strategist familiar with the Gillespie camp's thinking.
Northam, a pediatrician and former State Senator, is emphatically low-key as a candidate. But they have unequivocally denounced almost all of Trump's major initiatives and, beginning in the Democratic primary, they labeled the president a "narcissistic maniac."
Almost all public polls show Northam holding a small lead of around four or five points, and the race remains within reach for either side. But Gillespie faces two big hurdles, both tied to Trump. Historically, Republicans have benefited in these off-year Virginia gubernatorial elections from a significant decline in turnout among strongly Democratic African-American and younger voters, producing an older, whiter and more conservative electorate; one reason McAuliffe won is they minimized that fall-off.
Stephen Farnsworth, a political scientist at the University of Mary Washington, says the off-year tilt toward Republicans likely won't be as severe as usual again this year for three reasons: Democratic hostility to Trump; an increased number of competitive Democratic State House candidates inspired largely by that hostility who will work to turn out their party's vote; and the presence on the ticket of an African-American Lt. Governor nominee, Justin Fairfax.
JUST WATCHED Gillespie wins GOP Virginia primary Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gillespie wins GOP Virginia primary 00:48
As in New Jersey, Gillespie's other problem is unusual weakness among college-educated white voters. McDonnell won them comfortably in the 2009 Virginia gubernatorial election and in 2013 even staunch conservative Ken Cuccinelli narrowly carried them over McAuliffe (probably partly because of a backlash against the botched launch of the Obamacare website that fall, as Sabato notes.) Gillespie also won a 53% majority of college whites in their narrow 2014 Senate race loss to Mark Warner.
Several recent Virginia polls, though, show Trump sagging with those voters and dragging Gillespie down with him. The latest Virginia polls from Quinnipiac, the University of Mary Washington and Monmouth University all show Trump's approval rating among college-educated whites below 40 percent and Gillespie drawing only about 40% or slightly more of their votes. In each case, Northam leads with them. Geoff Garin, Northam's pollster, says that for both Trump and Gillespie the weakness is "especially dramatic among college educated white women in a way that could exceed [the Democratic margins] that happened with Hillary Clinton."
In all three surveys, Gillespie holds a commanding lead with the blue-collar whites that also boosted Trump. But given the Republican weakness with minority voters, that working-class white advantage isn't enough to win in Virginia if Democrats break even or better with white-collar whites, strategists in both parties agree.
The GOP strategist says that to win Gillespie must come close to matching their 45% showing from 2014 in the well-educated DC suburbs-a daunting challenge given that Trump's approval in the same area now stands at only about one-third. Statewide, in the Quinnipiac, University of Mary Washington and Monmouth surveys, Trump's disapproval rating stood at 55% or more-and Gillespie was winning fewer than one in 10 of the voters who disapproved of Trump in each poll. That's a deep hole to overcome.
Given Virginia's underlying trends, a Gillespie defeat wouldn't be shocking -- and a Guadagno defeat would be even less surprising amid the wreckage Christie has left in New Jersey. But if minorities and perhaps Millennials exceed their usual off-year turnout in the two states and college-educated whites migrate further away from the GOP, Republicans will have even more reason for biting their nails about Trump's impact on 2018.
Government support partner, ACT, is calling National out on its "archaic" abortion laws and accusing the Opposition of "grandstanding" on the issue.
David Seymour says they would put their own member's bill in the ballot calling for abortion law reform if they didn't already have a bill in to legalise euthanasia.
"Our abortion laws are archaic and should be modernised," the ACT leader said.
CAMERON BURNELL/FAIRFAX NZ. A staunch Catholic, Bill English is not currently interested in abortion law reform.
Prime Minister Bill English has already ruled out any review of the abortion laws, which currently sit in the Crimes Act 1961, and while Labour and the Greens have said they want a review there's been no move yet to put a bill in the ballot.
READ MORE:
* Prime Minister Bill English won't 'liberalise' abortion law
* Hundreds of Kiwi women told their abortions were 'not justified'
"It's disappointing to see grandstanding on this issue from Labour and Green MPs, who fail to follow through with a sensible bill on abortion reform," Seymour said.
"Ninety-three of my colleagues are eligible to produce a bill that would modernise our abortion laws, but none have. Instead the ballot is filled with bills on everything from the wearing of military decorations to the length of Auckland's wharves.
On Sunday, English said they didn't agree with the Abortion Advisory Committee that the laws needed a review and said any move to do so would lead to "liberalising", which they aren't interested in.
The staunchly Catholic Prime Minister has no interest in reviewing the laws, which saw 252 women initially denied an abortion after being handed "not justified" certificates last year.
Abortions are technically a crime in New Zealand and latest statistics reveal in 2014, 97 per cent of medical abortions were performed on mental health grounds.
Seymour says the current laws are a "charade".
"Nobody believes that 97 per cent of women who have abortions are mentally ill, but that is what we are expected to believe according to official statistics.
"The right thing to do is reform abortion law to reflect what actually happens: women exercise choice for their own reasons," they said.
The meat industry's future in recent years isn't exactly looking bright. And as meat demand wanes, Wall Street is watching. NASDAQ published an article headlined How the ‘Death of Meat' Could Impact Your Portfolio. In it, analysts advise investors to “think twice about holding long positions in meat industry stocks,” because “meat consumption has been steadily declining.”
How did the fortune of this once-powerful industry begin to decline like this?
In 2007, the U.S. raised and killed 9.5 billion land animals for food—a statistic that had been steadily increasing each year for decades. Today, that number has plummeted by 400 million individual animals—to 9.1 billion. What that means is that compared to 2007, last year almost half a billion fewer animals were subjected to the torment of factory farming and industrial slaughter plants—and that's despite the increase in the U.S. population. While dropping from 9.5 to 9.1 billion may strike some as minor, that drop represents more animals than are experimented on, hunted, used in circuses, bred for puppy mills, and that end up in U.S. animal shelters each year—combined.
And that's just land animals. We're eating fewer fish, too. In 2013, Nation's Restaurant News reported on new data from the National Fisheries Institute. The takeaway: Americans decreased our per-capital seafood consumption by nearly 14 percent between 2006 and 2012.
What's particularly fascinating is that almost none of the decline in meat (and fish) consumption in the U.S. comes from a major increase in vegetarianism. The rate of vegetarianism in our country has remained at around 5 to 8 percent for years. But the reduction in meat consumption by people who aren't vegetarians but are cutting back on eating animal flesh—is what's really fueling this trend. In fact, a 2013 Mintel study found that while only about 22 million Americans consider themselves vegetarian, 113 million buy meat alternatives like Gardein, Tofurky, and Beyond Meat. In other words, the market for vegetarian meats is being largely driven by nonvegetarians.
Just why are more and more people opting to go meat-free more often?
According to Patty Johnson, global food analyst at Mintel: “Health trends motivating consumers to cut fat and cholesterol intake are by far the most dominant factors affecting the red meat market.” Professor Robert Lawrence, director of the Center for a Livable Future at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, told NPR that their research agrees with this conclusion: “Health concerns still remain the No. 1 reason people might consider cutting back on meat.”
Besides the desire to look and feel better, nonvegetarian consumers also cite the rising costs of beef and the environmental benefits as reasons for reducing their meat consumption.
The results of lots of people eating a little less meat are staggering.
In fact, if you don't happen to read Meat & Poultry as often as I do, you may have missed this great editorial asking meat producers, “why doesn't [the] industry make meat analogs?” The writer notes that “meat analogs are evolving and tasting better than ever” and quotes a meat scientist talking about companies like Tofurky, counseling “don't fight them, join them.”
And that's exactly what's happening. Food giant Kraft may own Oscar Mayer, but it also owns Boca Burgers. Kellogg owns Morningstar Farms. Meat-centric chains like Johnny Rockets and Friendly's now offer vegan burgers. Walmart promotes meat-free eating. Dollar Tree sells Hampton Creek's egg-free mayo (a product that once, in a distantly past era, might have been consigned solely to health food stores). Even Burger King—the king of burgers—is promoting Meatless Mondays.
The world is indeed shifting, and for the better. Whether people are choosing whole plant foods or meat substitutes over animal products, the overall trend is less animal slaughter and healthier Americans. Even pork giant Hormel recently bought another type of plant protein product: Skippy peanut butter. One benefit of this acquisition, according to Meatingplace is that “activists are not using hidden cameras to scope out peanut abuse by Hormel's suppliers.”
Certainly not.
Vegas Oddsmakers: Lakers 2-1 Favorites to Repeat With Or Without Odom
Vegas Oddsmakers: Lakers 2-1 Favorites to Repeat With Or Without Odom by Ryan Kane
1. Odom enters negotiations with the Lakers. Odom is reportedly seeking $10m/year while the Lakers are seeking a deal closer to $7m/year.
2. Kobe is asked if Lamar is returning to the world champion Lakers. “I hope so. They better be,” Bryant replied. Portland Trailblazers are reported to have “lukewarm interest” in Odom.
3. Lakers reportedly up their offer to $8m/year.
4. With negotiations seemingly stalled, Lakers GM Mitch Kupchak is quoted as saying they remain “hopeful” that a deal can be reached.
5. Lakers owner Dr. Buss pulls the current offers off the table. Numerous reports cite them as being upset with Lamar's lack of a response. Others cite Lamar's negotiations with other ball clubs such as the Miami Heat.
6. The L.A. Times reports that the offers that were pulled included an offer for $10m/year for 3 years and $9m/year for four years.
7. Website “Blacksportsonline.com” reports having the scoop that Lamar had a new offer from the Lakers for $10m/year for four years.
8. L.A. Times quotes sources close with the negotiations as being back on and “productive.”
9. Reports come in that Odom is leaning towards signing with their former team, the Miami Heat.
As most of the information contained in this timeline was gathered using news sites and blogs, all dates and figures should be taken with a grain of sand. If you have evidence that a date or figure is wrong, please note it in the comments and it will be updated accordingly.
The possibility of implementing a Guaranteed Annual Income (GAI) is currently one of the hottest topics in Canadian social policy. It gained momentum earlier this year when the Ontario government announced it would undertake a pilot study of the GAI. And in June, the Ontario government announced that former Canadian Senator Hugh Segal will advise them on the "design and implementation" of the pilot.
A discussion paper they have authored is expected to be made public this fall, and three months of consultations will start soon in Ontario.
The main idea behind a GAI is to give every adult in Canada a fixed amount of money with few if any conditions and to do away with several other types of income assistance programs (especially social assistance).
Here are 10 things to know about Canada's GAI debate:
1. The various proposed GAI schemes have multiple names. The following terms are often used interchangeably: basic income, guaranteed annual income, negative income tax, guaranteed livable income, guaranteed adequate income, social dividend, territorial dividend, state bonus, demogrant, assured annual income and citizen's wage.
Each comes with slightly different connotations and different camps of advocates have their own reasons for favouring one term over the other. As of 2009, the most used term in English Canada was the Guaranteed Annual Income; though more recently "basic income" has gained momentum and is the term currently used by the Ontario government.
2. There's already been a Canadian pilot study done on the GAI. From 1974 until 1979, a big GAI study was done in Manitoba known as the MINCOME experiment. Successful outcomes from this study (including evidence that the GAI demonstrated notable health improvement among recipients, without reducing labour supply very much) are often cited in support of a broader adoption of a GAI across Canada.
3. It's not clear who would get the GAI or how much of it they'd get to keep. Some GAI advocates say a well-designed GAI would be phased out as an individual's income rises -- that is, funds paid to individuals who already make more than the GAI would be taxed back.
What's more, some GAI proposals in the past have excluded young single people. Some advocates also believe that different age groups should receive different benefit amounts. Some believe that immigrants should be excluded from such a scheme until such time that they become full-fledged citizens. But other advocates think the GAI should go to everybody and that everybody should be able to keep the full amount.
4. Many proponents of the GAI believe it would result in lower administrative costs. One argument in favour of the GAI is that it would result in reduced need for administrative staff.
For example, in some Ontario jurisdictions, more than 30 per cent of the total costs of social assistance are attributable to administrative costs. By contrast, my colleague John Stapleton estimates that administrative costs for a benefit where eligibility is determined via the tax system account for just two-to-three per cent of the benefit.
But remember: "lower administrative costs" would likely translate into job losses -- specifically, the loss of relatively well-paying jobs currently held overwhelmingly by women. Across Canada, more than three-quarters of community and social service workers are women.
5. The idea of a GAI has support on both the left and right of the political spectrum.
Those on the left tend to believe that doing away with other programs will reduce stigma (for example, the sometimes humiliating experience of having to answer intrusive questions by a welfare worker) and achieve adequacy.
Those on the right of the political spectrum like the fact that the GAI might reduce work disincentives currently in place with means-tested programs (for example, earned income being "clawed back" for social assistance recipients). Those on the right also like the fact a GAI could result in "smaller government" -- that is, less regulation pertaining to existing programs. (For more on the GAI's broad political appeal, see this 1989 article, as well as this more recent piece by John Clarke.)
6. One reason the GAI has support on both the left and right is that advocates on each side of the spectrum appear to have different ideas as to how generous the GAI would be.
Many on the left envisage it as being equivalent to Statistics Canada's low-income measure. As you can see from this table, that would be about $20,000 for a one-income household, $30,00 for a two-person household and $40,000 for a four-person household. Many on the right, by contrast, believe the GAI should be equivalent to current social assistance benefit levels. In Alberta, a "single employable" adult on social assistance receives about $8,000 a year. (For more on social assistance benefit levels across Canada, see this report.)
7. Not all proponents of a GAI agree on its desired outcomes. Depending on who you ask, the GAI appears to have at least a dozen possible desired outcomes: Is the desired outcome to reduce work disincentives? Is it to reduce stigma? Is it to reduce poverty? Is it to reduce income inequality? Is it to reduce wealth inequality? Is it to increase the generosity of benefits for those currently receiving social assistance? Is it to reduce food insecurity? Is it to improve health outcomes? Is it to improve educational outcomes? Is it to increase gender equality? Is it to increase literacy levels? Is it to decrease criminal activity? Is it all of the above?
8. Like any social policy initiative, a GAI could have unintended consequences. Specifically, a GAI -- particularly one that's more generous -- could potentially create work disincentives of its own. To put it crudely, if the GAI were to make life more comfortable for persons not working (and if it were to reduce the stigma currently associated with social assistance) it's possible that some people currently working at low-wage, precarious jobs would decide to work less.
That's precisely what this 2013 study found -- a study co-authored by Jean-Yves Duclos, who is now Canada's Minister of Families, Children and Social Development.  They are also the minister mandated by Prime Minister Trudeau to "lead the development of a Canadian Poverty Reduction Strategy." Whether this potential outcome is deemed a good thing or bad thing depends in part on whether one is on the right or left of the political spectrum.
9. It's hard to estimate the GAI's cost. When it comes to how much money the GAI should provide to households, there are important differences of opinion between those on the left and those on the right. With so many different possible approaches, it's hard to cost out a GAI.
Some proponents believe the GAI would pay for itself and maybe even save money; others believe it would result in more than $100 billion in additional annual program spending each year (net of savings). During any discussion about the GAI, important questions to ask include: Which existing programs would be cancelled? Would Old Age Security and the Guaranteed Income Supplement be cancelled? Would Employment Insurance be eliminated? (According to a recent CBC News article, the Ontario government has indicated that its upcoming pilot won't "eliminate or consolidate existing poverty-reduction programs, but rather be designed as a top-up to such programs to lift its voluntary participants above the poverty line.")
10. The implementation of a GAI would require a considerable amount of intergovernmental cooperation. How realistic is it to expect all 10 provincial governments, all three territorial governments and the federal government to agree on how much a person needs to live on each year? Which order of government would set the rules? Which would pay for it? Which would administer it? Would there be a separate program in Quebec? How would this work on reserves? How will Indigenous leaders be consulted and where will the funding come from?
Any forward movement on a GAI should give serious consideration to all factors and implications of a GAI, including the intricacies of either phasing out or maintaining existing programs, the needs of specialized populations and cost-sharing.
The author wishes to thank the following individuals for invaluable assistance in preparing this blog post: Robbie Brydon, Hilary Chapple, Herb Emery, Evelyn Forget, Louise Gallagher, Rob Gillezeau, Darcy Halber, Alex Himelfarb, Seth Klein, Ron Kneebone, Diana Krecsy, Aaron Li, David Macdonald, Joe Manion, Lynn McIntyre, Kevin Milligan, Allan Moscovitch, Gautam Mukherjee, Jim Mulvale, Sheila Regehr, Gayle Rees, Mario Seccareccia, Munir Sheikh, Richard Shillington, Wayne Simpson, Madison Smith, John Stapleton and Margot Young.
This article originally appeared on the Calgary Homeless Foundation website. It is reprinted here with permission.
Like this article? rabble is reader-supported journalism. Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Image: Wikimedia Commons
PAULINE Hanson loves a soapbox, and breakfast hosts David Koch and Samantha Armytage wheeled one out for them routinely in the months and weeks heading into Saturday's election.
The controversial Queenslander was not only afforded a platform for their messages but news.com.au can confirm they were being paid to appear in the living rooms of Australians.
Hanson's One Nation party secured two Senate seats in Queensland and will likely enjoy representation in NSW and Western Australia, too. But the question has to be asked about whether brekky TV gave them a leg-up.
Hanson appeared on Sunrise to talk about a range of topics. They were called upon after the Paris attacks to provide context for both Sunrise and the Today show.
The decision to approach Hanson was criticised by viewers who labelled them a “bigoted racist” and a “sad, uneducated human being”.
But it wasn't a once-off.
On January 11, they were asked for their two cents on the topic of vaccinations. On January 18, they spoke with Kochie and Sam about literacy and numeracy in schools.
They tackled the housing crisis on March 7 and private health cover on March 28. Later, in June, they called anti-racism protesters “disgraceful” and told critics of Eddie McGuire to “toughen up” if they were offended by their comments about journalist Caroline Wilson.
On June 27, days before the election, they appeared alongside new senator Derryn Hinch for a segment about flag burners at their campaign launch.
Michael Pell, the executive producer at Sunrise, told news.com.au there was nothing out of the ordinary about Hanson's appearances and they were not receiving special treatment.
“Pauline is one of a number of paid regular commentators on Sunrise,” they said.
“She does not appear alone, but rather with other commentators, to canvass a range of views on the main news topics of the day. On the odd occasion Pauline was asked to appear on the show solely as a political guest to discuss their own campaign, they were not paid.”
Hanson has a long-running affiliation with the Seven network. In October, 2004, 10 months after announcing they would not return to politics, they were back in the spotlight on Seven's first season of Dancing with the Stars.
Hanson spent eight weeks on the program and was runner-up to Home and Away's Bec Cartwright.
‘WHAT BUSINESS IS IT OF YOURS?'
Late last year, days after announcing they would run for the Senate, Hanson refused to say whether they were being paid for their public appearances.
“What business is it of yours or the public?” they said, when asked by Buzzfeed.
“And you know what, whether it is or not, I'm not saying whether I am (being paid) or not. I don't see it is any of your or the public's business whether I am paid or not. There are a lot of appearances that I make on TV I can tell you, I don't get paid.
“So I'm not answering your question because it's none of your business and it's no one's concern about any arrangements that I may have, I'll have you know I am possibly not getting paid for it but then again I'll state, it's none of your business.”
Many said Hanson should never have appeared on Sunrise or the Today showafter the Paris attacks.
On Today, they said: “People of Australia don't want more Muslim refugees in Australia who may be ISIS plants.”
Sydney-based writer and political campaigner Osman Faruqi wrote a opinion piece about their appearances for SBS.
“Hanson isn't an expert on terrorism, international conflict or radicalisation,” they wrote.
“She's a right-wing candidate for election adept at maximising the opportunities afforded to them by commercial networks keen to attract viewers in a contested marketplace.
“There is absolutely no public interest defence for the decision to provide someone with such appalling views a megaphone immediately following a terrorist attack.”
media_camera Hanson spoke about refugees with Sunrise earlier this year. Courtesy: Sunrise/Channel Seven
Originally published as Is Sunrise to blame for Hanson's return?
In the early days of the Libya war, U.S. commanders were adamant that they didn't communicate with the Libyan rebels about what targets to bomb. As it turns out, they don't need to. They've got Twitter.
NATO officials conducting air strikes on forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi don't have soldiers on the ground to spot for the warplanes and armed drones overhead. (Well, at least not officially.) But they do have a barrage of tweets about Gadhafi's troop movements in beleaguered cities like Benghazi and Tripoli, all of which come in handy when picking out targets.
"We get information from open sources on the Internet, we get Twitter," British Wing Commander Mike Bracken told AFP. Another NATO official attested, "Twitter is a great source."
None of which is to say that an errant tweet is enough to launch a Hellfire missile. NATO flies AWACS surveillance planes over Libya, as well as other spy aircraft and satellites, to aid with targeting. NATO officials assure that they don't just set targeting coordinates based on what someone says over Twitter – just that Twitter has value as a source of tactical intelligence.
Not hard to see why. Libyan Twitterati send off tweets about Gadhafi's latest depravities at a frenetic pace. Tweets containing links to uploaded video, like this one – which, fair warning, is graphic – clearly show the roads that Gadhafi's troops used to travel.
The unavoidable time delay between filming, uploading, tweeting, receiving, confirming and then acting on the information shows that Twitter can't be an actual targeting mechanism, even if we assume that tweets about troop movements are 100 percent accurate. But as real-time mass communications go, this is pretty close. How long before Gadhafi's forces take to Twitter to start giving out tactical misinformation?
Photo: Flickr/AlJazeeraEnglish
See Also:- Love and Doorbell-Fired Rockets Won't Save Libya's DIY Rebels
Yesterday morning, Google let me into its new invite-only domain registration service, and I decided to give it a test run to figure out how scared traditional domain registration companies should be of the Internet giant encroaching on their territory.
After my tests, if I were an executive at GoDaddy, Namecheap, or any other company that serves as a clearinghouse for web property, I'd be afraid. I've owned and managed various domains for the past five years, and the experience has rarely been great. That's why Google started a domain registration service earlier this summer: to better attract small business owners who would have ordinarily been turned off by DNS settings and complicated add-ons onto the web.
With Google Domains, there's no fuss: enter the domain you want, and Google will tell you if it's available. The company offers free WHOIS privacy protection, and up to 100 free email forwarding addresses. For all that, I had to pay $12.
Google didn't offer any expensive add-ons, or try to sell me email service – not even its Apps for Business product that's tailored to the company's target audience. The company didn't even turn on auto-renew for the domain billing, which otherwise would allow them to charge me, even if I forgot about the domain altogether.
Because Google already has my credit card, the checkout was completely painless. After that, I could quickly set the domain up to forward traffic to another website, or sign up for a hosting trial from one of Google's partners including Wix, Shopify and Squarespace.
Compared to other domain registrars, that's a great deal. Hover, which hosts all of my other domains, charges roughly $15 for a .com, as does GoDaddy, though purchasing privacy protection from them costs an extra $9.99. Namecheap charges $10.69 for a new .com, but a year of privacy protection costs $2.88, bringing the total up to $13.75.
Those providers do support a wider variety of Top Level Domains, like .tv and .me, which is a key advantage they have over Google at the moment.
I also took a closer look at Amazon's domain registration service, which it provides as a part of AWS's Route 53 DNS routing product. Buying a domain is a similarly clean experience (and Amazon matches Google's prices), but in order to hook the domain up to a web server, users have to pay for DNS service from Route 53.
It seems like a solid option for people who would pay Amazon for the service anyway, but small business owners and individuals would be better served by trying another service. Still, if Amazon chooses to expand its domain registration capabilities to retail users, it would probably also make a huge splash.
The major advantage that both Google and Amazon hold in this space is that they're not in the domain registration business. Google is in the ad-selling and Internet indexing business, which means that it's in Google's best interest to get as many businesses onto the Internet as possible. That way, they might buy from the company's local advertising product, or list items using Google's product listing ads.
Amazon, on the other hand, is interested in getting people signed up for AWS, and domain registration would make it possible for the company to serve as a one-stop shop for companies that require public cloud tools in addition to a fresh domain name.
Overall, one thing is clear: domain registration companies will need to step up their game. GoDaddy CEO Blake Irving is focused on improving its services for small businesses, but the company is going to have some serious new competition in town.
Goofus gets drunk on the UWS, takes an $80 cab ride home and then leaves their wallet in the backseat.
Gallant patiently waits for the C train.
—-
Goofus skips breakfast, works through lunch, downs a Red Bull before going out, then wolves a takeout burrito that's basically all sour cream and guacamole around midnight and spends the wee hours of the morning palming Tums.
Gallant orders Fresh Direct every weekend and spends Sunday night preparing their meals for the week.
—-
Goofus elbows people out of the way when they get off the train and slams rudely through the emergency exit door, even though they don't have to be anywhere and is just going home to watch Game of Thrones on DVR.
Gallant exits the subway station in a quiet and orderly fashion.
—-
Goofus tells girls on OKCupid they are “tired of the bar scene,” but then books three dates in one night at various LES bars, and tries to get to second with all of them.
Gallant is hoping to meet a wife through their tennis league or through their volunteer organization, but also might be open to trying eHarmony at some point in the future.
The political storm around HB2, North Carolina's sweeping “bathroom bill,” has focused on its implications for transgender individuals, but much less has been written about what it means for the “gender nonconforming.” By that I mean those women and men, girls and boys whose appearance doesn't fit neatly into traditional male and female boxes — or restrooms. To be blunt: It has been cruel.
Gov. Pat McCrory (R) has been quick to blame outsiders, notably the “PC elite” and the media, for “smearing our state” over the HB2 debacle, which by some estimates could cost the state's economy hundreds of millions of dollars. But that's not all that concerns North Carolina native Jamie Lamkin, 50, a former librarian, who said the new law invites discrimination and harassment against women like themselves and their daughter.
Because of their height (5-foot-10), hair (short) and build (she calls it “square”), Jamie has been called “sir” more often than they can recall — even when they have worn a dress. “It's happened to me my whole life,” they said with a sigh. Double down on that for their 15-year-old daughter, Sofie, who has short spiky hair and sports “fuzzy legs;” she's often mistaken for a boy. Women like Jamie and Sofie are likely to be the most frequent victims of the law.
“People have all these misconceptions about gender, a very narrow view of what a boy or girl should look like,” Jamie said. They recently posted on Facebook that they have seen reports of “folks being questioned about their gender identity, simply being looked at funny, or being thrown out of places because they don't match a norm for the bathroom they're entering.”
I sat down to talk with the two women in their Chapel Hill townhouse last week and got quite an earful. Jamie started off by talking about a deeply unsettling visit to a Krispy Kreme doughnut shop in Durham recently: “We had our milk and doughnuts, and I went to the bathroom, a single-use restroom that said, ‘Women.' As I was walking out, and Sofie was about to go in, this lady stopped her, called their ‘sir' and told them they were going to the wrong restroom. That's when this ‘Mama Bear' pretty much lost it. She's not transgender. She's a girl. Just because they have short hair, wears jeans and T-shirts — and doesn't have that ‘girly' look, they question my child's gender.”
North Carolina natives Jamie Lamkin, 50, and their daughter Sophie, 15, are worried about their safety when using public restrooms. Both are female and identify as female but are often mistaken for male. ( Steven Petrow/for The Washington Post)
Sofie smiled awkwardly as they listened to their mom tell the story, adding that many people seem to think girls should be wearing “skirts and dresses and [carrying] a little handbag.”
Since the passage of HB2 last month, Jamie said, “It all feels different now.” Fearing the proliferation of self-appointed restroom gender monitors, they said, “I've had to have a serious conversation with Sofie about safety entering the women's bathroom. I told them if anyone questioned who they are, to immediately fetch me.”
[Are public-restroom monitors and birth-certificate checks in out future?]
Jamie's friend Kathleen Roose, a registered nurse, shows their support on Facebook: “Without [diminishing] the very real discrimination and danger trans people are facing, HB2 also constitutes a way to police gender conformance in people who do identify with their chromosomal sex but don't conform with normative gender expression.”
In fact, gender nonconforming tweens and teens, such as Sofie, outnumbered trans youth by nearly 2 to 1 in a study done of Los Angeles-area foster youth by Williams Institute at the UCLA School of Law.
“The statistics showing relatively high prevalence of gender nonconformity mean that [HB2] puts more youth at risk than many realize,” explained Gary Gates, an expert in LGBT demographic and policy issues. “It's a Catch-22 for these kids. Trying to use the bathroom can result in verbal and physical assault while avoiding bathrooms can bring health problems like urinary tract and kidney infections.”
As you can tell, my sympathies lie with those who are judged and discriminated against on the basis of their appearance. I know just how hurtful these kinds of comments are. When I was in my mid-teens, my grandmother hated my shoulder-length hair (which I was convinced made me look like David Cassidy or James Taylor), telling me harshly, “You look like a girl.” I tried to explain that I looked like a boy with long hair, but no, I had to fit into either “the boy box” or “the girl box.” Neighborhood boys thought much the same, using that as an excuse to beat me up and call me various slurs.
A transgender woman gathers like-minded North Carolinians in Charlotte to protest the state's controversial new law that restricts transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their chosen gender. (Whitney Shefte/The Washington Post)
At the same time, I also understand that most Americans haven't thought much about gender identity, and such out-of-the-box thinking is new and, to some, deeply unsettling. Take Lee Tart, a North Carolina farmer, who told the Raleigh News and Observer that they didn't think they had ever met a transgender person. When asked what the term meant to him, they described a man “all dolled up with makeup and clothes.” Once they learned more, they immediately worried about “some guy dressing up” who might put their daughters in “jeopardy.” It's that lack of familiarity and understanding that defines the challenge ahead.
In many respects, the United States has come a long way since my long-haired days. Facebook now allows users to add their own gender, so maybe we are getting accustomed to living out of the box. Unless, as Jamie cautions, “you're going to the bathroom. Then you do have to fit into one of those little boxes.”
Agree or disagree with my advice? Let me know in the comments section below.
Join Petrow for a live online chat Tuesday, May 10, at 1 p.m., at live.washingtonpost.com Email questions to stevenpetrow@gmail.com. Follow them on Twitter: @stevenpetrow.
Chuck Blazer, the disgraced former FIFA employee and reported informant for the current investigation, famously kept their cats in their own Trump Tower apartment. Blazer's got more pets -- a bunch of big, fancy parrots -- and as the Sunday Times reported, one of those parrots once TURNED ON HIM:
Before they fell ill -- they have recently been reported to be suffering from several forms of cancer -- they would occasionally be spotted rumbling around Central Park in New York on a motorized scooter with their parrot on their shoulder.
(Intermission: There are more than a few people who roll around New York with parrots on their shoulders, but I could swear I've seen this guy before.)
The bird had an eccentric story of its own. At some point in Blazer's past an ex-wife had departed, taking the parrot with them By the time they returned it a year later, they had trained it to spout abuse. Blazer kept the bird in a gilded cage in their sumptuous Manhattan penthouse office, and complained that their business meetings were often interrupted by the bird squawking: "You're a dope."
THIS IS VERY GOOD PARROT USAGE. Parrots make great hype men and revenge puppets, and they'll also talk shit about Hitler if you ask them to. Good birds. Sorry, Chuck.
(h/t Piers Edwards)
It all sounds primitive by today's standards. Yet that boring, primitive financial system serviced an economy that doubled living standards over the course of a generation.
After 1980, of course, a very different financial system emerged. In the deregulation-minded Reagan era, old-fashioned banking was increasingly replaced by wheeling and dealing on a grand scale. The new system was much bigger than the old regime: On the eve of the current crisis, finance and insurance accounted for 8 percent of G.D.P., more than twice their share in the 1960s. By early last year, the Dow contained five financial companies — giants like A.I.G. , Citigroup and Bank of America .
Photo
And finance became anything but boring. It attracted many of our sharpest minds and made a select few immensely rich.
Underlying the glamorous new world of finance was the process of securitization. Loans no longer stayed with the lender. Instead, they were sold on to others, who sliced, diced and puréed individual debts to synthesize new assets. Subprime mortgages , credit card debts, car loans — all went into the financial system's juicer. Out the other end, supposedly, came sweet-tasting AAA investments . And financial wizards were lavishly rewarded for overseeing the process.
But the wizards were frauds, whether they knew it or not, and their magic turned out to be no more than a collection of cheap stage tricks. Above all, the key promise of securitization — that it would make the financial system more robust by spreading risk more widely — turned out to be a lie. Banks used securitization to increase their risk, not reduce it, and in the process they made the economy more, not less, vulnerable to financial disruption.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Sooner or later, things were bound to go wrong, and eventually they did. Bear Stearns failed; Lehman failed; but most of all, securitization failed.
Which brings us back to the Obama administration's approach to the financial crisis .
Much discussion of the toxic-asset plan has focused on the details and the arithmetic, and rightly so. Beyond that, however, what's striking is the vision expressed both in the content of the financial plan and in statements by administration officials. In essence, the administration seems to believe that once investors calm down, securitization — and the business of finance — can resume where it left off a year or two ago.
To be fair, officials are calling for more regulation. Indeed, on Thursday Tim Geithner , the Treasury secretary, laid out plans for enhanced regulation that would have been considered radical not long ago.
But the underlying vision remains that of a financial system more or less the same as it was two years ago, albeit somewhat tamed by new rules.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As you can guess, I don't share that vision. I don't think this is just a financial panic; I believe that it represents the failure of a whole model of banking, of an overgrown financial sector that did more harm than good. I don't think the Obama administration can bring securitization back to life, and I don't believe it should try.
7 years ago
(CNN) - Newt Gingrich earned praises this week from former adversary Bill Clinton, with whom Gingrich butted heads during their tenure as House speaker in the 1990s.
In an interview with the conservative online publication Newsmax, Clinton said Gingrich's positions on immigration would help them appeal to independent voters.
“He's articulate and they try to think of a conservative version of an idea that will solve a legitimate problem,” Clinton said.
They continued: “For example, I watched the national security debate ... And Newt said two things that would make an independent voter say, ‘Well, I gotta consider that.'”
At Tuesday's CNN National Security Debate, Gingrich staked out a position that they said was a “humane” approach to immigrants who are living in the United State illegally.
"If you've come here recently, you have no ties to this country, you ought to go home, period," Gingrich said Tuesday. "If you've been here 25 years and you got three kids and two grandkids, you've been paying taxes and obeying the law, you belong to a local church, I don't think we're going to separate you from your family, uproot you forcefully and kick you out."
Clinton said the idea was a good compromise between positions offered by the left and the right.
“That sort of splits the difference between the immigration reforms proposed by President Bush and President Obama, which would give a path to citizenship, and would be a version of what President Reagan did,” Clinton said.
Clinton wouldn't predict a win for Gingrich in the race for the GOP nomination, saying other candidates including Mitt Romney were still putting in strong performances.
“I still think Romney comes across as strong and forceful and knowledgeable, and I think Perry did much better than he's been doing,” Clinton said. “I think Gingrich is back in the race because he's spent a lot of their time in life thinking about these things. And he's gotten in trouble because of people who have an ideology instead of a philosophy, because at various times he's supported doing something about climate change, which is anathema to extremes in the Republican Party. But he's being rewarded for thinking.”
In the 1990s, Clinton and Gingrich were often at odds as the leaders of their respective parties. A standoff between the two men over federal spending led to a government shutdown in 1995, and Gingrich was at the forefront in backing Clinton's impeachment on perjury charges.
The two did work together on certain legislation, including welfare reform later in the decade.
Police are asking the public for help in identifying a man who was apparently out for a jog late Tuesday morning when they collapsed and died.
The was found face down without a pulse by a passerby around 11 a.m. on the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway near Woodroffe Avenue.
Police said the man was between 65 and 75, tanned, and appeared to be an avid jogger.
“Someone called 911 when they saw a man collapsed on the path, they were in full running gear,” said spokesperson J.P. Trottier. “He was vital signs absent so we began the resuscitative measures at scene and later pronounced deceased at hospital.”
The man was wearing a pair of red Nike running short, white New Balance running shoes and a white visor hat with the logo Jasper Park Lodge on the front.
Witnesses said the man runs in the area on a regular basis.
Anyone with information can call Ottawa police at 613-236-1222, ext. 2666.
DirectTV users can now do what Comcast, Time Warner and Optimum users can do – stream video in their homes to their iPads. The new 1.3.1 app (Free, iTunes) allows users to stream 40 channels of content…
Turn your iPad into a portable TV and watch your favorite shows in any room of your home. – Quickly scroll through a list of channels available to watch on your iPad with a dedicated “Live TV Streaming” Module. – Get tips in the help section to guide you through features in the app. – Set parental controls to block live TV channels viewed on the iPad. – Change start and end times to add padding to a program when setting a recording.
There is one caveat however. The new DirectTV doesn't appreciate Jailbreakers and shuts down if it detects that it is being used on a Jailbroken device (below). Fix is here.
Thanks reader Ladis
Channels that work with iPad below:
Fox News Fox Soccer Discovery CNN NHL Network SyFy msnbc BTN TLC Planet Green Tennis Channel FX CNBC TNT NBA.TV Fox Business Network USA Lifetime AUDIENCE Network Cartoon Network Bravo Hallmark Channel HGTV Animal Planet Speed History Nat Geo MLB Network TBS Science Versus (NBC Sports Ntwk) Food Network Biography Channel Golf Channel Univision Travel Channel NFL Network A&E
Imaging over long distances is important for many defense and commercial applications. High-end ground-to-ground, air-to-ground, and ground-to-air systems now routinely image objects several kilometers to several dozen kilometers away; however, this increased range comes at a price. In many scenarios, the limiting factor becomes not the quality of your camera but the atmosphere through which the light travels to the camera. Dynamic changes in the atmospheric density between the camera and object impart time-variant distortions resulting in loss of contrast and detail in the collected imagery (see Figure 1 and Figure 2).
Several approaches have been developed to combat this effect that can be roughly divided into two categories: hardware-based and signal processing approaches. The primary hardware technique is adaptive optics (AO), an approach favored by the astronomical community to observe stellar phenomena. AO techniques generally employ a deformable mirror to correct the incoming wavefront before it is captured on the sensor. While this provides the ability to improve imagery to account for distortions, the equipment required is fragile and expensive and is therefore not suitable for many applications. In contrast, signal processing techniques are limited only by the computational hardware they run on. In our case, we have leveraged the processing power of GPUs to achieve the performance necessary for real-time processing of high-definition video. Thanks to modern GPUs, we are now able to process live 720p video streams at over 30 fps, as the video below shows.
One of the major advantages of the signal processing approach we have developed at EM Photonics is that there is no additional optical or sensing hardware (such as a wavefront sensor) required. Our application processes incoming video streams using off-the-shelf computational hardware and outputs an enhanced version. Our tool, ATCOM™, contains multiple image processing components including atmospheric turbulence mitigation, local area contrast enhancement, and physics-based deblurring, among others. The crux of the turbulence mitigation functionality is based on a multi-frame approach where we are conceptually creating an output image from multiple input images by extracting more information than that which is available in any single image. This approach exploits the time-variant nature of the atmosphere. While all images are blurred by turbulence, dynamic movement of the atmosphere means that each frame is blurred in a different way, allowing us to extract different information from successive frames in a video (or other short exposure image stream). Despite being multi-frame, our techniques allow us to output a new enhanced image for each one collected, thus minimizing latency and maintaining the real time nature of the incoming stream (see Figure 3).
Using the technique described above, ATCOM is able to remove the atmospheric distortions revealing more detail in collected imagery (see Figure 4) and allowing for more stable, natural videos (see videos above and below).
Achieving the performance necessary to enhance high-definition videos in real time is not possible on CPU-only systems and thus spurred our use of NVIDIA GPUs. We have been using GPUs in this application for many years, but recent feature additions to NVIDIA GPU hardware have enabled new optimizations that allowed us to further improve performance. In the following I'll highlight specific ways that we leveraged the GPU for improved performance in ATCOM.
Tiling
Our technique inherently breaks the input image into a collection of tiles for processing. While the size of these tiles can be changed, we generally use tiles of 64×64 or 128×128 pixels. Processing is then performed on a per-tile basis with some data for a particular tile's computations coming from pixels in its neighboring tiles. This cross-tile data sharing can result in dependencies that unnecessarily constrain parallel execution. On the GPU, it is preferable that each work unit is independent, so we replicate data in each tile to include the pixels from its neighbors that it would need for processing (see Figure 5). In this way, more bandwidth is used but all work units are independent so they expose much more parallelism to the GPU.
Read-Only Data Cache
In the Kepler architecture, NVIDIA added the ability to access the texture unit for read-only access to global memory. This eases L1 and shared memory volume and contention, and supports full speed unaligned memory access. The read-only cache is available on devices of Compute Capability 3.5 and up, such as Tesla K20, K40, and K80. For ATCOM, we use this cache to read in the Fourier transform data during the most computationally intense portion of our algorithm, resulting in performance gains greater than 5%. [Ed: see this previous Parallel Forall post for information on using the read-only data cache.]
Pre-Fetch Load
The NVIDIA Maxwell GPU architecture has improved ability to simultaneously run multiple non-dependent instructions, which lets us take advantage of instruction-level parallelism in the algorithm. We do so by adding a prefetch load to our processing pipeline. Each iteration of reconstruction has operations that are not dependent on values from the previous iteration. On Maxwell, we can load the next iteration's values while still processing the current one. These operations are completely independent so they do not interfere.
Performance
Our benchmark goal has been to enhance an incoming 1280×720 video stream at 30 frames per second (FPS) using off-the-shelf processing hardware. GPUs were critical for meeting this goal. Resolution and frame rate are the key measures for ATCOM performance, and one can be traded for the other. A higher framerate can be achieved by reducing the resolution of the video being enhanced (or only processing a sub-region of the incoming stream) and conversely, larger resolution images can be processed at a slower rate.
Harnessing GPU technology has allowed us to not only improve application performance through our own optimizations, but also ride NVIDIA's technology curve. The table compares our previous-generation solver based on the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 690 to our latest version using the GeForce GTX Titan X.
Table 1: Previous-generation ATCOM image enhancement engine performance compared to the current generation. Previous Generation Current Generation Intel Haswell i7-4770 @ 3.4 GHz (4 cores) Intel Xeon CPU E3-1230 v3 @ 3.30GHz (4 Cores) 32 GB RAM 32 GB RAM NVIDIA GeForce GTX 690 NVIDIA GeForce GTX Titan X 24.5 Frames Per Second at 1280×720 (full frame) 40.0 Frames Per Second at 1280×720 (full frame)
As you can see, we have crossed over to real-time performance by reaching 30 fps for a 1280×720 video stream. The old system could only achieve real time for a smaller resolution video stream. Also, the new version of our engine includes additional features such as enhanced motion compensation and denoising.
There are a couple key points to note about the 63.3% performance increase we achieved. The most obvious is the transition from the GTX 690 to the Titan X card. As discussed previously, in addition to the increased performance a new generation of computational hardware provides, the most recent GPUs have additional features that we were able to leverage, namely additional memory and caching options and instruction-level parallelism.
A more subtle point, however, is that the GTX 690 actually combines two GPUs on a single card. Working with a GTX 690 effectively means using two GTX 680 GPUs. Therefore, our move to the Titan X cut the number of GPUs we used in half. So not only did we improve performance, we reduced the amount of computational hardware (and associated power usage) required to achieve it.
More Information
For more information, please see the ATCOM website and the talk presented at the most recent NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference. For specific questions, contact us at atcom@emphotonics.com.
If you work in this area consider attending and/or submitting a paper to the Long-Range Imaging conference at SPIE's Defense and Commercial Sensing Symposium
Announcement Welcome to our Etsy shop! We offer a full array of unique pipes and smoking accessories. Current turnaround time (time needed to make an order) is around 2-7 days on most items. Occasionally an extra day or so may be needed, this does not include shipping time.
We have added a READY TO SHIP section, these items ship within 1-3 days of the purchase. Not only do these ship right away, but the item shown in the photo is the exact item that you get.
Please know that your item is being made with care and as fast as possible by a small family business. If you would like a business card/s or short note included in your package please message me. Thank you so much to everyone visiting our shop!
Prime Minister John Key may now not have to give evidence to a high powered inquiry by the intelligence and security watchdog into dirty politics allegations.
On the campaign trail today Key said in response to questions that they understood they had been summoned along with staff in their office and was happy to front up.
But in a statement issued later their spokesperson said there was no indication in a letter from the Inspector General of Intelligence and Security that they would have to appear personally.
They confirmed a letter was received in the prime minister's office on Friday August 29.
"It advised the Prime Minister of the Inspector-General's intention to interview a number of staff in connection with their inquiry into the release of information by the NZSIS to Cameron Slater.
"There was no indication in the letter that the Prime Minister would be called personally and the Prime Minister's office is not aware that would be the case. In terms of Prime Minister's office staff, no date was given in the letter for the interviews to take place."
Senior staff in Key's office are expected to be called including their chief of staff Wayne Eagleson and former aide Jason Ede.
Earlier today Key rejected the inquiry was "bad timing" ahead of the September 20 election, saying they would be disappointed if the inquiry wasn't being carried out now.
"It's really, really important that the facts are on display. My position is absolutely rock solid."
"We've got to make sure the facts are out there, not some claims from the opposition that it's been a whitewash,'' they said.
>Share this story on Facebook
The inquiry was announced in the wake of revelations that Security Intelligence Service documents were declassified so an Official Information Act request by Slater could be fast tracked.
Nicky Hager's book Dirty Politics alleges a political motivation behind the decision after the document released to Slater was used to embarrass then-Opposition leader Phil Goff.
Hager's book also claimed a staffer in Key's office, Ede, was a conduit between the Beehive and Slater for a series of smear campaigns and dirty tricks.
Their book drew on thousands of hacked emails.
Among those emails was an exchange between Slater and others in which they said their OIA request for the Goff document had been expedited.
Slater also seemed to be aware of what was in the document, telling one associate "It is devastating for Goff I am told."
Key is the Minister with oversight of the SIS.
Labour leader David Cunliffe said this afternoon they were not aware of the meeting.
"That's news to me... I would expect the opposition to be consulted," they said, adding that Goff should also have a chance to have theirs say.
Better Health Pharmacy in San Jose opened in August.
700 prescriptions filled for free.
No payment necessary. pic.twitter.com/4cjap34sjP — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) February 16, 2016
New pharmacy in Downtown San Jose is using donated medications & is free to public. https://t.co/n6QA8ucJac pic.twitter.com/Cc0WvrIcaH — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) February 16, 2016
"Better Health Pharmacy" in Downtown San Jose now distributing free medications. No insurance or co-pay needed. pic.twitter.com/U1ypjFFNs7 — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) February 16, 2016
For some, the price of prescription medication is just too high.That's why the Santa Clara County Public Health Department opened the Better Health Pharmacy on East Santa Clara Street in downtown San Jose.They are the first dedicated drug donation pharmacy in Northern California. You don't need insurance or co-pay or even money - just a valid prescription and your ID.Because the medications are donated, they are offered at no charge and with no copays."There are a lot of patients, who even though they have insurances, because their co-pays are so high they're unable to pick up their medication," explained Jennifer Yoon, the Assistant Director of Pharmacy.About 23 percent of American adults miss doses or skip prescriptions due to cost, according to the Santa Clara County Public Health Department. 2005 state law allows counties to accept and re-distribute medications to people in need.A majority of the medications come from licensed, skilled nursing facilities throughout the state.Some of the most common drugs distributed here are used to treat asthma, high blood pressure, diabetes and depression.They do not hand out controlled substances like painkillers OxyContin and Norco, or certain anxiety and ADHD medications.Public health officials say the Better Health Pharmacy is the first of its kind in California."Most of the patients are very thankful and some of them are in disbelief. They're not sure if this is real or not," said pharmacist Khanh Pham.In addition to helping patients, another goal is to prevent huge amounts of unused pills from polluting the environment, as much of the unused medication is currently dumped or burned, and ends up in the waterways and in the air.Better Health Pharmacy opened back in August of 2015, but held their grand opening ceremony today.Better Health Pharmacy is open 4 days a week. Patients do not have to show proof of residency or citizenship.For more information or a list of the medication they provide, click here
Community members fear the displacement of small business in the neighborhood and the proliferation of big chain stores. View Full Caption Landmarks Preservation Commission
EAST VILLAGE — A neighborhood organization is introducing a plan to create a “Special Purpose District” in the East Village to keep out big chain stores and support mom-and-pop businesses.
The East Village Community Coalition has drafted a study of retail in the neighborhood in response to community-wide anxiety surrounding the displacement of small businesses, and has proposed the creation of a district that would forbid or severely limit new chain stores.
Cutting down on so-called “formula retail” stores — spots with “standardized” merchandise and decor such as Duane Reade and McDonald's — will help preserve the character of the neighborhood for the sake of longtime locals, said the organization's executive director.
“We're emphasizing the importance of preserving retail diversity in the neighborhood and ensuring the residents' needs are met,” said Tehmina Brohi at Community Board 3's recent Economic Development Committee meeting. “There are people that live in this neighborhood, and we want to make this a livable neighborhood where their daily needs are met.”
The study, shared on the community board's website, explores a handful of approaches to keeping chains to a minimum within the proposed district, spanning north to south from East Houston Street to East 14th Street and falling between Third Avenue and Avenue D.
According to a study conducted by the organization, the neighborhood currently has 63 large chain stores, comprising 3.6 percent of storefront spaces in the East Village.
One proposal seeks to ban “formula retail” altogether, while another would allow chains only in areas zoned with commercial overlays.
Another recommendation is to impose a 2,500-square-foot space limit to discourage the influx of stores, like Duane Reade, that use a lot of floor space. This approach would also forbid landlords from combining storefronts to increase floor space.
Lastly, the study puts forward a third option, which would require large stores looking to open in the East Village to apply for a special permit. The store's permit request would be evaluated based on the surrounding retail landscape, taking into account such factors as the number of chain stores already in the area.
Community board members voiced concern that a request for a full ban on “formula retail” would be rejected by the city. However, allowing the chains within commercial overlays would limit the restriction only to side streets and largely residential areas, said district manager Susan Stetzer.
“It's really not very limiting,” they said.
The community board is considering the organization's suggestions as it seeks to propose a special retail district, though it is still early in the stages of development, Stetzer said.
Show full PR text
SUBARU ANNOUNCES PRICING ON ALL NEW 2015 WRX AND WRX STI SEDANS
- New platform offers stiffer, more agile chassis of Subaru performance icons
- Upgraded suspension tuning and new Active Torque Vectoring
- Roomier cabin with upgraded comfort and materials and wide array of user technologies
- Rear camera standard
- WRX STI holds base price of $34,495
Cherry Hill, N.J., Feb. 14, 2014-- Subaru of America, Inc. has announced pricing on the carmaker's performance icons, the 2015 WRX and WRX STI. Both vehicles arrive into dealerships this Spring exclusively as wide-body design sedans.
Starting at $26,295, the 2015 WRX delivers more performance value than ever before. Powered by a new 268-horsepower 2.0-liter direct injection turbo BOXER engine, the WRX debuts the models first six-speed manual transmission and a new, optional performance automatic transmission, the Sport Lineartonic; featuring two manual modes.
The 2015 Subaru WRX marks a major evolutionary step for the rally-bred performance car that has become a global automotive legend. For 2015, the WRX employs a new Active Torque Vectoring system, an enhancement of the Vehicle Dynamics Control (VDC) system that allows for improved agility. The new and stiffer chassis, larger front brakes, performance-tuned suspension and a driver-focused interior remain integral to the WRX performance character. The new powertrain also yields higher fuel efficiency than the previous WRX (manual transmission model).
Subaru-developed direct-injection engine, 6-speed manual transmission, standard rear camera and larger brakes are standard on the 2015 WRX. A roomier interior, upgraded cabin comfort and materials and a wide array of new user technologies give the new WRX a more refined feel. A premium audio system with harman/kardon®amplifier and speakers is offered for the first time in a WRX.
The 2015 WRX is available in standard, Premium and Limited Trim lines. In all models, a new multi-information central display with 4.3-in. LCD screen provides a multitude of vehicle system functions, including a standard rear camera display, a boost gauge display, audio (on non-navigation models), Bluetooth® and climate control settings, and a VDC screen showing traction control operation. The display can also provide a vehicle self-check and maintenance reminder.
Additional standard features for the WRX include automatic climate control and a new standard audio system featuring AM/FM stereo with HD Radio®, single-disc in-dash CD player, 6 speakers, MP3/WMA capability, Radio Data Broadcast System (RDBS), Bluetooth hands-free calling and audio streaming, iPod® control capability, iTunes® Tagging, USB port, SiriusXM® Satellite Radio (subscription required), and a 3.5mm auxiliary audio input jack.
The WRX Premium maintains previous model year pricing, $28,495 and steps up everyday comfort and convenience with the All-Weather Package (dual-mode heated front seats, heated exterior mirrors and windshield wiper de-icer), power tilt/slide glass moonroof, fog lights. A low-profile trunk spoiler augments the car's aero body package.
The top-of-line Limited builds on the Premium, bringing a new level of luxury to the WRX with leather-trimmed upholstery, an 8-way power driver's seat and Welcome Lighting. Exclusive to the WRX Limited, LED low-beam headlights provide a unique look and enhanced visibility. The high beams are multi-reflector halogen units, and the system includes automatic off/on. Pricing on Limited trim levels begins at $29,995.
The WRX Premium and Limited offer as options the Sport Lineartronic transmission and a Touch-screen Navigation System with 6.1-inch LCD screen, voice controls and harman/kardon premium audio featuring 440-watt amplifier and 9 speakers (with subwoofer.) With this option package, the WRX Limited also features Keyless Access.
2015 SUBARU WRX STI
The 2015 WRX STI maintains the previous model year pricing of $34,495. With an upgraded and roomier cabin, the new WRX STI has Alcantara seating surfaces accented by red and black leather bolsters and red stitching to set the tone for a driver-focused interior. An array of user technologies include, for the first time in a WRX STI, availability of a harman/kardon® premium audio system and rear camera display standard.
Available in Standard, Limited and Launch Edition trim lines and powered by the legendary 305-horsepower 2.5-liter turbocharged BOXER engine, the 2015 WRX STI debuts a new four-door wide-body design, built on a stiffer chassis for even greater handling agility and precision. The WRX STI provides a rally-bred drivetrain and all-wheel drive handling that is unique to this model. Handling is enhanced with a stiffer chassis, firmer springs and faster steering (13.0:1 ratio).
New for the 2015 WRX STI, Active Torque Vectoring joins an arsenal of the model's proven handling technologies that includes Multi-Mode Driver Controlled Center Differential (DCCD) Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive, Multi-Mode Vehicle Dynamics Control, and a Brembo® Performance Brake System with Super Sport ABS.
The special hood, fenders, doors and quarters, bumpers, headlights and taillight clusters convey the WRX STI identity. As on previous WRX STI models, a functional hood scoop supplies the intercooler with fresh air, and in the 2015 model it is set more deeply into the hood to provide better forward visibility.
Other new performance-oriented details include foglight surrounds with a carbon fiber-like pattern and front fender vents that feature a mesh screen. A full aerodynamic body package includes the large trunk spoiler that has been a WRX STI signature feature. A rear diffuser, LED taillights and LED center high-mount stop lamp (CHMSL) leave a distinctive signature.
The WRX STI engine is teamed exclusively with a specially reinforced 6-speed manual transmission, which includes a short-throw shifter in the Launch Edition model. In the 2015 WRX STI, the driver grips a new flat-bottom, leather-wrapped tilt/telescoping steering wheel that integrates switches for audio and Bluetooth control. The STI Design electroluminescent gauge panel gets a new 3.5-in. central LCD screen that displays various functions such as windshield washer fluid and the selected gear.
Rich-looking appointments and details abound, including soft-touch materials for the dashboard, door trim and center console armrest. A new multi-information central display with 4.3-in. LCD screen provides a multitude of vehicle system functions, including a standard rear camera display, a boost gauge display, audio information (on non-navigation models), Bluetooth and climate control settings, and a VDC screen showing traction control operation. The display can also provide a vehicle self-check and maintenance reminder.
Standard features for the 2015 WRX STI include dual-zone automatic climate control and the All-Weather Package (dual-mode heated front seats, heated exterior mirrors and windshield wiper de-icer). The new standard audio system combines AM/FM stereo with HD Radio®, a single-disc in-dash CD player, 6 speakers, MP3/WMA capability, Radio Data Broadcast System (RDBS), Bluetooth hands-free calling and audio streaming, iPod® control capability, iTunes® Tagging, SiriusXM® Satellite Radio (subscription required), USB port and a 3.5mm auxiliary audio input jack. Numerous compartments located in and around the center console hold phones, USB drives and MP3 players.
The WRX STI Limited model adds the luxury of leather-trimmed upholstery, an 8-way power driver's seat, the harman/kardon premium audio system and a power moonroof for $38,495.
STI LAUNCH EDITION
Subaru will produce 1,000 of the WRX STI Launch Edition models for 2015. Outfitted in traditional WR Blue Pearl and come equipped with gold-painted 18-inch BBS® alloy wheels, an iconic color combination long associated with Subaru competition cars.
Built on the standard and lightest WRX STI model, the STI Launch Edition is exclusively equipped with a special interior featuring blue highlights and gets a standard STI Short-Throw Shifter for the 6-speed manual transmission. The Keyless Access & Start system, offered as an option on WRX STI Premium and Limited models, is included as standard with the STI Launch Edition and priced at $37,395.
2015 SUBARU WRX and WRX STI SEDAN
Model/Trim – Transmission – MSRP – MSRP + destination and delivery
WRX – 6MT – $26,295 – $27,090
WRX Premium – 6MT – $28,495 – $29,290
WRX Premium – CVT – $29,695 – $30,490
WRX Limited – 6MT – $29,995 – $30,790
WRX Limited – CVT – $31,195 – $31,990
WRX STI – 6MT – $34,495 – $35,290
WRX STI Launch Edition – 6MT – $37,395 – $38,190
WRX STI Limited – 6MT – $38,495 – $39,290
2015 OPTION PACKAGES
- Navigation + Audio w/ Harman/Kardon® Amplifier and speakers – $2,000
- Navi System + Audio w/ Harman/Kardon® Amplifier and speakers + Keyless Access and Start – $2,500
- Navigation System +Keyless Access and Start – $1,500
Destination & Delivery is $795 and may vary in the following states: CT, HI, MA, ME, NH, NJ, NY, RI and VT. D&D is $945 for dealers in Alaska.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Stark policy differences and personal bad blood with Justin Trudeau makes potential co-operation between either a Liberal — or NDP — minority government difficult, Tom Mulcair said Tuesday.
The NDP leader also dismissed appeals to stop vote-splitting in the run-up to Monday's election, saying only their party has the strength and credibility to defeat the governing Tories.
Mulcair bobbed and weaved around renewed questions over the breadth and depth of possible co-operation between the Liberal and NDP leaders, who've both made it clear in no uncertain terms that they would defeat a Conservative minority at the first opportunity.
Last weekend, Mulcair vehemently ruled out propping up a Stephen Harper-led minority government under any circumstances. They said Tuesday that they would vote against a Conservative throne speech, even if it meant triggering another election.
Trudeau, also on the campaign trail, took a similar tough stand, saying there would be no way they would allow Harper to continue to be prime minister.
The fixation on getting rid of Harper is so strong that little attention is being paid to the kind of awkward and perhaps clumsy dance partners Mulcair and Trudeau would make should Canadians elect anything short of a majority government.
Mulcair was quick to note Tuesday that New Democrats have a “tendency” to work with other parties in the House of Commons, but seemed genuinely put out that previous NDP overtures to the Liberals had been rebuffed.
“It's Mr. Trudeau who takes it upon themselves to slam that door shut,” said Mulcair, who noted that it was the Liberals who walked away from the 2008 coalition of opposition parties that had been formed to unseat the Conservatives.
And in a sign Mulcair doesn't forget a slight, they harkened back to comments Trudeau made last spring where the Liberal leader said they might be open to a coalition with the NDP, just not one with Mulcair in charge of the party.
“There are no problems in terms of personality,” Trudeau told The Canadian Press in an interview on April 14. “Mr. Mulcair is a veteran politician who has proven himself. Their style is anchored in the old way of practising politics. Politics needs to be about rallying. And we have very different perspectives on how politics should be practised.”
The dig clearly still smarts.
“It's very personal when they say they could work with the NDP, but they could never work with me,” Mulcair said later Tuesday. “I'll let them tell you what their priority is. I know what my priority is. My priority is to get rid of Stephen Harper, defeat them and replace them with a progressive NDP government.”
Trudeau has spent the campaign attacking him, as opposed to Harper, Mulcair added.
The Liberals fired back in a statement late Tuesday, saying Mulcair is being disingenuous and pointed to new attack ads the NDP has launched against Trudeau.
In terms of policy, the NDP have staked out positions on trade, security and the environment that would make co-operation with the Liberals a rocky affair.
Mulcair repeated their pledge Tuesday to never let the Trans-Pacific Partnership reach the floor of the House of Commons, a potential vote-getting stand in this auto-making city, east of Toronto. The NDP leader pointed to recent suggestions by the autoworkers union that the deal could cost as many as 1,250 jobs in Oshawa.
Please don't divide Canadians. We are Canadians. I'm from Canada. I'm from Canada and that's it
The message was repeated at a last-minute stop at a campaign office in Brampton, west of Toronto, where aside from an enthusiastic Indo-Canadian supporter, Mulcair was greeted by members of a Muslim community group who said they were tired of being divided against the rest of society.
“Please don't divide Canadians,” said Sahir Khan. “We are Canadians. I'm from Canada. I'm from Canada and that's it.”
Mulcair said they would repeal the Harper government's controversial C-51 surveillance bill, but Trudeau said they would only strike out the offending provisions.
A town hall-style interview with the online newsgroup Vice showcased other differences with the Liberals on the issue of marijuana, which Trudeau is proposing to legalize.
Mulcair said the NDP would decriminalize it, but would have to study whether to go the full legalization route.
During a lull in the campaign, Mulcair took time out to meet Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy, who was recently released from an Egyptian prison after being pardoned on terror-related convictions. They personally thanked the NDP leader, but made it clear their gratitude was not meant to be a political endorsement.
SAN FRANCISCO -- The last time I spoke with John Krafcik was in April, during a visit to TrueCar's flashy new office in San Francisco's SoMa neighborhood.
Krafcik was a year into their tenure as president of TrueCar, but we mostly chatted about Tesla and self-driving cars, two of their fascinations. They asked me if I had seen the graphic that Adam Jonas, an automotive analyst at Morgan Stanley, had just released.
I hadn't, so Krafcik went to their desk and pulled out a pad of paper. They sketched a simple graphic with four quadrants and two dimensions: human drivers versus robot drivers, and private cars versus shared cars.
In the bottom left was the auto industry of today. In the top right was Google, with robots taking the wheel of shared pods. In the bottom right was the sharing economy -- on-demand services like Uber and Car2Go -- and in the top right were companies such as Tesla and Mercedes-Benz, which aspire to build autonomous cars for personal use.
I picked up the chart and looked it over. It made perfect sense.
“You can keep it,” Krafcik told me, as if it were a souvenir.
Krafcik didn't invent the chart. But they found it as fascinating as I did.
It described a future auto industry defined by a tension between human control and autonomous cars. Here in Silicon Valley, there is an intense conviction that the auto industry will not stick to the status quo in the bottom-left corner for long, but will instead become a battleground of four business models competing for supremacy.
As the CEO of Google's self-driving cars project, Krafcik will have a chance to build the new business model in the top right corner, but more importantly, to serve as the statesman who makes this competition a friendlier one.
Anyone who has spent any time with Krafcik knows they aren't a typical auto executive. In a business where it's easy to get fixated on the next month of sales, the next quarter of earnings and the next model year, Krafcik takes the long view.
He's a student of history. One of their first speeches as CEO of Hyundai Motor America came at the 2009 Chicago Auto Show. The economy was in shambles. Car sales had tanked. Krafcik was thinking about how to help Hyundai right now, but they were also thinking big. This was a moment in history. But what type of moment was it?
Here's an event that a lot of people have been waiting for, something with some techno and tech house to combat all of the trance, bangers, trap, bass and wobble music. Marquee Dayclub will be open on June 24 for everyone still standing after three plus days of partying to host Umek and Mark Knight.
How much are tickets? $10 for line pass. That's right only $10. What's the catch? Make sure you get your rear end moving in the morning because it'll reach capacity quick and this does not guarantee entry. In the event info they state, ticket valid for expedited entry based on occupancy.
Again, this event will reach capacity early and quick so make sure to arrive early and with females nearby. These tickets will likely sell out but that doesn't mean they won't also sell tickets at the door.
Typical beach club attire is required and of course it's a 21+ event and runs from 10AM until 6PM.
View the entire 2013 EDC Week calendar of events here.
Thinking of going to a pool party for the first time? Read ProTip #59 Being Prepared for the Pool Parties.
Not familiar with these artists? Here's a recent radio show of Umek:
And for Mark Knight:
Enjoy!
Italian Trans Woman's Marriage Could Pave Way for Same-Sex Unions
If Italy's supreme constitutional court decides that a transgender woman can stay legally married to their wife after transitioning, they could be the first married same-sex couple in Italy.
With an important victory behind her, a transgender Italian woman's fight to stay married to their wife of more than nine years is making its way to Italy's top court, according to PinkNews.
Alessandra Bernaroli, who lives in the northern Italian city of Bologna, lost their first case in a lower court seeking to have their marriage reinstated after the local marriage registry office dissolved it following Bernaroli's transition to female, reports Pink News.
But Bernaroli won reinstatement of their legally recognized union on appeal to a higher court. Now, La Consulta — Italy's supreme constitutional court — must decide whether or not to let that ruling stand.
The high court's ruling could have widespread implications, possibly setting a precedent that same-sex marriages are legally binding throughout Italy if they were legal at the time and place they were performed. Time magazine recently said Italy has a "homophobic" reputation among European Union nations, and with the Vatican located in Rome, conservative ideology has a powerful stronghold in public opinion.
Bernaroli, who works at a bank in northern Italy, claims that although their wife was initially "shocked" by news that their then-husband is transgender, they remain happily married today, after various gender-affirming surgeries.
"My body may have changed, but the love between us remains the same," Bernaroli told PinkNews. "I'm acting to defend our marriage. ... I fell in love with them nearly 20 years ago when I was a man, and we love each other as much as the first day we met, despite the fact that after a long journey and many operations I became a woman. Why should the state now try to separate us?”
PinkNews reports a final decision in the case is imminent.
Researchers at Northwestern University are celebrating the birth of several litters of baby mice that would be totally unremarkable had their mothers possessed ovaries. They did not. Instead, they were implanted with 3D-printed, gelatin-based bioprosthetic ovaries designed to ultimately restore fertility in human cancer survivors. The innovative, scalable ovaries allowed the mice to ovulate, to get pregnant, and to give birth. And the pups are all right.
“The bioprosthetic ovary restored fertility and ovarian hormone function in female mice,” Monica M. Laronda, a reproductive biologist at Northwestern University in Chicago and the coauthor of the new study published in Nature Communications, told Fatherly. Laronda cautions, however, that their team still needs to try out the transplant with larger animal models then “test this design on human ovarian follicles” to make sure the technology will work inside a human.
ADVERTISEMENT
This is not the first report of biomaterial implants producing live pups, nor is it the first time 3D printing has helped infertile mama mice conceive. But prior techniques suffered from serious scalability problems. These methods involved encapsulating ovarian follicles–individual egg cells surrounded by hormone-producing cells–in water-based gels, which works just fine in mice, but would be unable to support the sheer number of follicles needed to restore fertility in humans. And the alternative, beefing up artificial ovaries to support more follicles, would likely make the implants less porous, preventing blood vessels from nourishing the ovarian tissue.
ADVERTISEMENT
Laronda and colleagues set out to solve this bioengineering problem with 3D printing. Using gelatin, a relatively cheap material that biomedical researchers have favored for years, the team created a custom scaffold that could support a large number of ovarian follicles while also carving out pores that allow ample room for vascularization (the ability of blood vessels to nourish tissue).
“We have optimized the pore geometry of our 3D printed scaffold to support ovarian follicles and the open porosity allowed for vascularization and ovulation,” Laronda explains. “We chose 3D printing to design our scaffold and support the ovarian follicles because it is scalable and more readily transferable to humans than other methods.”
The researchers then implanted the artificial ovaries in mice. Laronda and their team report that the females were able to not only ovulate, but give birth to baby mice, who then, in turn, produced their own offspring. This confirmed the creation of the first 3D-printed ovary with potential to restore fertility in humans.
ADVERTISEMENT
The findings should provide hope for the estimated 375,000 million women in the United States who are infertile due to malfunctioning ovaries, not to mention the thousands of pediatric cancer patients who suffer from fertility problems after chemotherapy racks their reproductive organs. Laronda and their team are moving forward quickly: They're already testing their method with human follicles, refining the scaffold so it'll pass FDA muster, and inching toward large animal tests.
They haven't beaten infertility yet, but, thanks to 3D printing, they're getting closer.
Labour lawyers and economists are criticizing Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz over comments they made suggesting that youth work for free in order to avoid the “scarring” of long-term joblessness.
Poloz cited the problem of graduates living in their parents' basements, unable to find work.
“The longer it takes for a jobless youth to get a job, the more likely it is that a new graduate takes the kid in the basement's place,” they told reporters after a speech in Toronto Monday.
“Having something unpaid on your CV is very worth it, because that's the one thing you can do to counteract this scarring effect,” Bloomberg quoted Poloz as saying.
Poloz repeated their stance in front of the House of Commons' finance committee on Tuesday.
“Are you aware that unpaid jobs increase income inequality?” Liberal MP Scott Brison asked Poloz.
“I would say that there's some truth to what you're saying, but when there are those opportunities, people should grab them,” Poloz responded, as quoted by Business in Canada.
The bank governor's idea drew criticism from economists and labour lawyers alike.
.@MikePMoffatt Poloz doesn't understand employment law. One cannot contract out of the minimum wage. Their comments are dangerous. #cdnpoli — Andrew Langille (@YouthAndWork) November 4, 2014
Not a fan of these Poloz comments for a few reasons. 1. Unpaid internships a non-option for low income persons http://t.co/3MzmysVowd — Mike Moffatt (@MikePMoffatt) November 4, 2014
Poloz might want to consider the fact that most unpaid internships are not legal. For example, in Ontario: http://t.co/wM2ohNaVUV — SGM Law (@SGMLaw) November 4, 2014
Canada's youth unemployment rate is currently sitting at 13.5 per cent, nearly double the 6.8 per cent rate for the labour force as a whole, but in line with historical norms seen over the past 40 years.
The employment rate tells another story. The percentage of youth with a job dropped during the last recession, and has stayed at those lower levels, suggesting many young people were discouraged and left the workforce altogether.
The youth employment rate was estimated at around 63.3 per cent in 2013, but there are large regional differences. In Ontario, fewer than 60 per cent of youth have jobs, and in Toronto, that number is around 43.5 per cent.
BREAKING: Champion Australian racehorse Black Caviar was allegedly involved in an incident at an exclusive London nightclub, just hours after their narrow win at Royal Ascot on Sunday morning (Australian time).
Witnesses say the famous mare had been drinking with trainer Peter Moody for some time before the connections of rival horse Moonlight Cloud arrived at the premises. Black Caviar is alleged to have shouted “How many groups one races have you guys won?”. Moonlight Cloud's trainer responded by saying that Black Caviar looked like Sex and The City actor Sarah Jessica Parker.
On hearing the comment, Caviar allegedly went into a rage, breaking glasses, kicking and biting other patrons and shouting “Do you know who I am?”
One regular at the nightclub – which counts Madonna and Prince Harry amongst its guests – said she'd never seen anything like it. “I've seen plenty of famous people in this place lose their sh*t before, there's prima donna behaviour here every weekend. But nothing like this”. Another witness to the ruckus said “The fame's definitely gone to their head. Wanker”.
But a spokesperson for the horse said they were just letting their mane down after a hectic schedule of media and racing commitments adding, “although you've got to admit the Sarah Jessica Parker comment was below the belt”.
Many Australians who had travelled to London to watch the historic race were devastated. “When my husband said let's go to London for black caviar, I thought we were going to a Michelin-starred restaurant,” said Brisbane resident Margaret Grint. “Instead, we've come all this way to watch a bloody horse race. I can't tell you how underwhelming that is”.
Insiders say the real cause of Black Caviar's dark mood may have had more to do with rumours that a celebrity website is planning on releasing a sex tape of the famous mare. “She's pretty worried about it,” said one source close to Caviar. “This is no Paris Hilton romp. Have you seen two horses having sex? It's not pretty.”
Black Caviar is the most internationally famous Australian animal since Russell Crowe and has sold over 10 million albums worldwide.
Like this? Like The Shovel on Facebook. Or follow The Shovel on Twitter.
USA Today
If you've taken Andrew Wiggins' name off your first-pick overall ballot, it's time to write them back in.
Wiggins has been cooking lately for Kansas—he just racked up their seventh game in a row with at least 14 points. And they look as confident and engaged as they have all year.
It's significant, given their tendency early on to fade into the background. But now Wiggins is front and center, and it appears he's taken it upon themselves to ignite the lineup as a go-to weapon.
Nobody really ever questioned their talent—just their ability to convert it into consistent production.
Well over the past month, Wiggins has thrived in a featured role, as opposed to coasting in a supporting one.
When he's been out there, you know he's out there.
During their current streak, Wiggins has been tapping into their strengths as an ultra-athletic mismatch. Not only has they been recognizing their scoring opportunities, but he's been taking the right paths to attack them.
Athletically speaking, Wiggins has two glowing attributes that drive the threat they present to defenses, and both relate directly to getting separation:
John Rieger-USA TODAY Sports
1. Lightning-Quick First Step
How do you guard a player who's nearly impossible to stay in front of? Wiggins' first step is lightning quick, which is something he's been taking advantage of a little more frequently of late.
Wiggins' handle isn't quite there yet—you won't see them cross over into a jumper or pull back through the legs for a fall-away. Instead, in order to separate, they activate the turbo feature that allows them to explode right or left from a standstill position—and you won't find many forwards, particularly at the college level, who can keep up laterally.
He's like a sports car that has ridiculous pick up, with the ability to accelerate from zero to 100 within the blink of an eye.
Wiggins has been using that first step more often to free themselves up, something he'll likely lean on in the pros until their skill set is more refined.
At this stage, Wiggins' struggles center around what they do after they beat their man. But lately, he's been attacking the rim strong and going to work with their patented floater. Check out how easily Wiggins shakes free and eludes their man before lofting one over the defense from about 10 feet away:
via MSG+
The floater and pull-up jumper will be something he'll need to eventually master in the pros, but the framework is there. He's shooting 34.3 percent on two-point jumpers (per Hoop-Math) this season—Wiggins has gotten themselves some good looks, they just hasn't finished enough of them.
Still, in terms of threatening the defense as a scorer, Wiggins is exceptionally dangerous when he's got space to attack. He's like the equivalent of a change-of-pace running back or speedster receiver—guys you want to get the ball to in space where they can make a play.
And over the past month, Wiggins has been getting more opportunities to work from sweet spots on the floor. Credit them or Kansas' offense—either way, it's helped remind us why Wiggins projects as such a tough cover in the pros.
He's just so difficult to contain when he's got room to operate. Even if it doesn't result in a bucket—with their quickness off the bounce and the slipperiest spin move around, Wiggins should end up spending a good portion of their career at the charity stripe.
Even without much space—if there's a hole or tiny gap in the defense, Wiggins has the quickness to slice through it like a hot knife through better. And while it's common to see NBA athletes capable of splitting double teams, it's uncommon for 6'8" wings.
via ESPN
It's not just Wiggins' first step that powers their electric scoring ability, though, it's the last one they use to lift off that leads to the easy buckets and free throws.
2. Explosive Last Step
With the last step of their drives, Wiggins can explode off the ground, whether it's through traffic or above it, depending on what's available.
And it's what allows them to pick up some free points above the rim and at the line each game.
Take a look at how high Wiggins gets in the air. Their elbows are actually above the rim:
ESPN
For a defender, it's a lot easier to challenge a shot when it's coming at rim level. But Wiggins can play more than a foot above it, where he's able to finish on the way down instead of on the way up.
And if he's got momentum attacking the basket—forget about it. Watch Wiggins just sky over helpless defenders who don't even bother trying to contest:
Even without momentum, Wiggins has so much spring in their legs that it's like the lane is their own personal trampoline. He's an easy-bucket machine—despite lacking offensive polish, something he'll add with time, Wiggins still manages to average over 16 points a game.
They lead Kansas with 20 put-backs on the year, per Hoop-Math. Here's an easy two points for Wiggins that not many are capable of picking up:
The lobs, tip-ins and other finishes around the rim are generated by athleticism and explosive hops. Depending on how much polish and skill they add to complement their athletic ability, there's really just no telling how potent of a scorer they can become over time.
Better Shooter than Advertised
Though it hasn't necessarily been consistent, Wiggins' perimeter game has actually been better than advertised.
If we're going to describe them as a shooter, at this point, we'll say he's a capable one. He's capable of hitting threes, pull-ups, step-backs, foul shots—Wiggins hasn't exactly made it rain, but we've seen them knock down shots anywhere from 12-23 feet away with comfort.
One of the things that initially set Duke's Jabari Parker apart from Wiggins was their refined perimeter game and stroke. Now as March approaches, there really isn't that much of a gap between the two:
Shooting Percentages True Shooting Percentage Three-point Percentage Free-Throw Percentage Wiggins .562 .357 .759 Parker .568 .382 .728 Basketball-Reference.com
Wiggins' game, particularly as a shooter, is fueled by confidence. And when Wiggins has it, we've seen them light it up from outside.
“When I score early, it brings more confidence to my game,” Wiggins told Chris Hummer of The Daily Texan following their recent 21-point game against Texas. “My teammates got me the ball where I like to shoot the ball, where I needed it. I was fired up for this game.”
Wiggins nailed three three-pointers in a six-minute span in the first half against Texas. Two days later against Oklahoma, they successfully went to the pull-up game for two early jumpers.
via ESPN
Shooting consistency has been a slight issue for Wiggins this year, but there's no doubt he's capable of achieving it. Wiggins has the shot-making skills to evolve into a lethal perimeter scorer, and quite frankly, if the jumper he's flashed in doses ever turns into a routine source for offense, opposing defenses could have a tough time coming up with an answer.
There really isn't a deadlier weapon in the open floor or attacking the basket, and now that he's playing with aggression, we're seeing a lot more of it. And though the off-shooting nights are going to come, Wiggins has actually held their own as a perimeter scorer, while offering plenty of promise for improvement down the road.
For Wiggins, it's going to be a matter of putting it all together—blending their attack game with a consistent jumper while staying locked in mentally throughout.
They just has so much room to grow, yet even at this stage, he's still managing to put up points on the regular. When that growth spurt does eventually hit, just imagine what kind of problem he's going to present.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Plunging oil prices sparked a drop of almost 40 percent in new well permits issued across the United States in November, in a sudden pause in the growth of the U.S. shale oil and gas boom that started around 2007.
A worker monitors water tanks at a Hess fracking site near Williston, North Dakota November 12, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Data provided exclusively to Reuters on Tuesday by industry data firm Drilling Info Inc showed 4,520 new well permits were approved last month, down from 7,227 in October.
The pullback was a “very quick response” to U.S. crude prices, which settled on Tuesday at $66.88 CLc1, said Allen Gilmer, chief executive officer of Drilling Info.
New permits, which indicate what drilling rigs will be doing 60-90 days in the future, showed steep declines for the first time this year across the top three U.S. onshore fields: the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford in Texas and North Dakota's Bakken shale.
The Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico showed a 38 percent decline in new oil and gas well permits last month, while the Eagle Ford and Bakken permit counts fell 28 percent and 29 percent, respectively, the data showed.
That slide came in the same month U.S. crude oil futures fell 17 percent to $66.17 on Nov. 28 from $80.54 on Oct. 31. Prices are down about 40 percent since June.
U.S. prices fell below $70 a barrel last week after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to maintain output of 30 million barrels per day. Analysts said the cartel is trying to squeeze U.S. shale oil producers out of the market.
Total U.S. production reached an average of 8.9 million barrels per day in October, and is expected to surpass 9 million bpd in December, the highest in decades, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Gilmer said last month's pullback in permits was more about holding off on drilling good locations in a low-price environment than breaking even on well economics.
“I think in this case this was just a quick response, saying ‘there are enough drill sites in the inventory, let's sit back, take a look and see what happens with prices,'” they said.
In addition to the Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken, about 10 other regions tracked in Drilling Info's data showed declines as well. The Niobrara shale in Colorado and Wyoming saw a 32 percent decline in new permits, while the Granite Wash in Oklahoma and Texas and Mississippian Lime in Oklahoma and Kansas retreated 30 percent and 27 percent, respectively.
Gilmer said the pullback in new permits is a precursor to a decline in rigs. The U.S. land rig count has been largely flat since September, hovering around 1,860 oil and gas rigs, according to Baker Hughes Inc BHI.N.
“This will show up,” they said. “I expect we'll start seeing rig impact in a couple of months.”
Share prices of drillers including Patterson UTI Energy Inc (PTEN.O), Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP.N) and Nabors (NBR.N) were slightly lower on Tuesday.
A group of four McMaster University students has won a $50,000 prize to develop their idea for a handheld device that detects skin cancer.
The recent grads – all students in electrical biomedical engineering at the Hamilton university – earned the International James Dyson Award for their final year project, called The sKan.
They say the non-invasive device can diagnose melanoma by monitoring the heat emissions of various cells.
Story continues below advertisement
The heat map it creates shows which cells recover more quickly from thermal shock, indicating the presence of skin cancer.
Its creators are 22-year-old Rotimi Fadiya, and 23-year-olds Prateek Mathur, Michael Takla and Shivad Bhavsar.
Takla and Fadiya say they will use the prize money to refine their device and work toward clinical trials.
"This whole experience has been kind of unreal," says Takla, now working for Ontario Power Generation in the Niagara Region as an electrical engineer.
"Just hearing that we won kind of gives us a lot of validation, let's us know that we're on the right track."
The team's British benefactor James Dyson, best known for inventing a bagless vacuum, says in a statement that they chose the sKan because of its "potential to save lives around the world."
Early diagnostic methods for melanoma rely heavily on visual inspections, which can be inaccurate.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
And while many thermal imaging diagnostics cost upward of $50,000, the sKan costs less than $1,000.
"I think the opportunities are endless when you look ahead, and I can't wait to explore the various ways we can take this forward," says Fadiya, born in Nigeria and raised in Barrie, Ont.
He'd like to begin preclinical studies in the next six to eight months, but says seeking approval for possible use in homes or hospitals is still years away.
The device beat out rivals including a robotic arm from Italy that is able to print 3D objects, and a German device that makes it easier to puncture veins with a catheter on the first try.
This is the second time in the prize's 13-year history that a Canadian team has earned the top spot.
In 2015, a team of University of Waterloo students developed Voltera V-One, a circuit board printer that can create boards in minutes.
Story continues below advertisement
It also follows a national prize for a team from the University of Toronto. Robert Brooks and Justin Wee were recognized for developing a surgical instrument add-on that measures forces exerted on tissue from minimally invasive surgery. They won $3,400 from Dyson in September.
John Cusack movie takes on war profiteers David Edwards and Chris Tackett
Published: Saturday March 29, 2008
|
Print This Email This John Cusack was on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher and spoke about their upcoming film, War. Inc., which according to Cusack focuses on the military-industrial complex. The film, says Cusack, differs from other films inspired by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan because, it "has a much more absurdist take on [war]." Cusack added, "some things are so vicious if you didn't look at them through a different lens you couldn't get out of bed. And certainly the war profiteering, immorality and illegality of this disastrous, free-market Utopian enterprise out there is certainly well-documented." While explaining that the film shares similar themes as those found in Naomi Klein's book, The Shock Doctrine, Cusack said, "the very core things that make up our government like wars or interrogation or border patrol, jailing, any of those types of things that you would think would be sacred things that would happen with the state are now being turned into for-profit enterprises. And if you want all these things to be, if you want corporate ethics to be our national interest, then you have the situation we're in now. But right now, when you think that we've out sourced everything to interrogation, which means torture is a cost-plus enterprise, I think you can see a complete spiritual bankruptcy to this whole neo-con movement. It's a nightmare beyond anything you can really imagine." Maher asked if these issues were just a result of a neo-conservative movement and Bush administration or evidence of a "rot in America itself that is a lot deeper." Cusack responded, "Yeah, I do think the issue goes deeper, a lot deeper." Adding later, "Some of these truths are so horrible you don't want to think about that, but it's just -- I mean the gig's up. If guys who are statesmen on CNN are also sitting on the board and are shareholders in some of the most profitable defense contractors in the world and they publicly make the case to go to war, got to war, then create a new market with the war, come back and speak evangelically about free markets that aren't free, these aren't particularly subtle fact and the stock prices jump 145% and their companies are awarded $2.3 billion contract. After a while you have to expose and shame and indict and hopefully convict the participants in this illegal immoral ideology." The full interview can be seen in the video below.
Alan Rickman is commonly termed a "phone book" actor because so many people would be happy to listen to them read the phone book. But would you watch them make tea in super slow-motion while the soundtrack to Inception plays? Well, here is your chance.
This video is part of artist David Michalek's Portraits in Dramatic Time film series. Each video features a "glacially paced performance" of an actor, aided by ultra-high speed, high-definition cameras. Each performance took a mere 10-15 seconds to shoot, but was then stretched out over several minutes.
Advertisement
By pairing Rickman's performance with the Inception piece "Mind Heist," Michalek has created the impression that Rickman is in Inception's top-level dream, making tea while other characters are off having adventures in dreams within dreams. Rickman manages to make their tea stirring — and its aftermath — as intense as anything that happens in those lower dreams.
Portraits in Dramatic Time [David Michalek via Geeks are Sexy]
The Value of Strategic Planning & Evaluation In this ongoing series of essays, practitioners, consultants, and academics explore the value of strategy and evaluation, as well as the limits and downsides of these practices. FOLLOW THIS SERIES SIGN UP You'll get email alerts when there is new content in this series.
Evidence-based philanthropy. To some, that phrase offers the promise of long-overdue rigor. If the first principle of philanthropy and social impact is to do good, then evidence-based philanthropy ensures that we honor its corollary: Do no harm.
To others, that phrase represents all that is going wrong with philanthropy and social innovation—the rise of the ivory-tower theorists and technocrats whose logic models and fixation with metrics blind them to real-world knowledge and common sense.
It's time to rethink that pesky E word: evidence.
Evidence = Observations
The problem is that “evidence” means different things to different people.
For a veteran program manager, evidence might mean 30 years of seeing what has and hasn't helped the people their nonprofit serves. For an individual donor, evidence might be seeing a class of low-income students they have supported since kindergarten graduate and become the first in their families to attend college. For an epidemiologist, evidence might be the results of a randomized control trial study proving the causal link between use of insecticide-treated bed nets and reduction of deaths due to malaria.
We spend a lot of time arguing over what kind of evidence matters most. But those arguments miss the mark. Each of the examples above is a relevant and valid approach to evidence. They simply answer different questions.
Field experience provides answers to questions like, “Who in the community will make or break the program's success?” Informed opinion answers questions such as, “What issues should we prioritize?” and “What conditions signal that now is the time to act?” Traditional academic research answers, “Did our activities make a difference, and are we sure it wasn't just due to chance or some other factor?'
In all of these cases, “evidence” is the result of careful observation, providing answers that give people confidence that what they are doing is right and leading to the change they seek.
And if one role of philanthropy is to solve the tough problems—those that remain despite government and business efforts—we need all the answers we can get.
Broadening the Definition of Evidence: Three Circles
Here at the Center for High Impact Philanthropy, “evidence-based” has always meant accessing the best available information from three different sources, or circles of evidence:
Research or scientific evidence such as the results of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and statistical models designed to link cause and effect. Field experiences such as the practical knowledge of beneficiaries and program providers. These insights help explain how programs work in real-world conditions, when human behavior and implementation challenges come into play. Informed opinion such as the views of policymakers or other stakeholders whose perspectives provide context for evaluation results and field experience.
(Image courtesy of the Center for High Impact Philanthropy)
Each source of evidence has its strengths and limitations. For example, the results of a randomized control trial study may definitively show that use of a bed net reduces malaria or that a particular program increased graduation rates among a cohort of children at risk for dropping out. But it's the observations of a village grandmother or community health worker that help us understand how to prevent people from using that bed net as a fishing net; it's the insight of a great teacher or counselor that helps us recognize what a 9th-grade girl in East Palo Alto needs to succeed and how that might be different from what a 9th-grade boy in North Philly needs.
And while the beneficiaries themselves may not know the latest metrics, policy trends, or strategic planning behind a particular nonprofit or funder's work, they are the ultimate authorities on whether a change created by a program represents a meaningful improvement in their lives.
So next time you see an argument about the E word, think of this: Rather than simply celebrating the advance of strategy and more rigorous evaluation in philanthropy, or defending the primacy of instinct and practical wisdom, let me propose a third way. Broaden what you mean by evidence. Because no matter what issue or cause you care about, the more each source of evidence—research, informed opinion, field experience—points to the same path, the more confident we can all feel that we're headed in the right direction.
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power.
After dropping to a new low in 2015, Americans' view of Russia has improved slightly this year, according to a new Gallup poll.
ADVERTISEMENT
Thirty percent of respondents report having a favorable impression of Russia, compared to 65 percent who view the country unfavorably.
In 2015, only 24 percent of respondents said they had a positive view of Russia amid aggression in Ukraine and interventions in the Middle East in definance of U.S. policy.
Young Americans have the most favorable impression of Russia, with 43 percent of those between the ages of 18 and 29 giving the country a positive rating.
Those aged 55 and older have the most negative view of the former Cold War foe, with just a 21 percent favorability rating in that demographic.
Thirty-nine percent of Americans said Russia poses a critical threat to the U.S., down 10 points from the previous year.
The Gallup poll surveyed 1,021 adults by telephone from Feb. 3–7 and has a margin of error of 4 percent.
WASHINGTON -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) is facing a backlash from their attempts to consolidate their power over a veterans agency that traditionally remained nonpartisan and relatively free from political meddling.
On Tuesday, Marvin Freedman became the third member of Wisconsin's state Board of Veterans Affairs to resign, citing Walker's attempt to gain greater control over the Department of Veterans Affairs. The objections by Freedman and others stem in large part from AB 96, a law passed last year, that allows the governor to appoint the VA secretary. The secretary was formerly appointed by the Board of Veterans Affairs, whose members are appointed by the governor.
"When you signed AB 96 into law last summer, you relegated the Board into irrelevance and ensured the politicalization of the position of Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs," Freedman wrote in a resignation letter addressed to Walker.
Freedman, a Vietnam veteran, has two bronze stars and has served as an advocate for Wisconsin veterans since 1982. In 2000, they received the United States Army Commander's Award for Public Service for their work with veterans. They were appointed to the VA board in 2004 by former Democratic governor Jim Doyle and was supposed to serve until 2015.
After the law passed in July, Walker appointed John Scocos as VA secretary. The Wisconsin State Journal reported that Scocos was previously appointed to that role in 2003 and served until the veterans board fired them in 2009, citing communication failures and financial mismanagement.
Scocos is still embroiled in a lawsuit with the state about whether their termination was lawful, despite their reappointment.
In their resignation letter, Freedman wrote that Scocos had used AB 96 to eliminate several key committees and councils that "substantively dealt with issues facing the veterans community and significantly contributed to the work of the Board and Department."
Cullen Werwie, a spokesperson for Walker, told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that the governor had said they planned to convert the VA secretary into a Cabinet-level position during their 2010 campaign.
"Mr. Freedman's letter is nothing more than a political ploy by a longtime Democrat," Werwie said. "Gov. Walker looks forward to making another appointment to the DVA Board."
The VA board last met on June 17, 2011, according to a board member who spoke on condition of anonymity. Prior to AB 96's passage, the board had been meeting every two months. There was a meeting scheduled for December, but Scocos postponed it.  They are now slated to meet with the board Wednesday for the first time since they were appointed.
The board member suggested that Scocos views the board merely as an advisory council, now that it lacks the power to fire him. Scocos did not respond to a request for comment for this article.
We built the DUO with the DIY philosophy in mind, giving you the freedom to do whatever you want with it. Here are some of the key features:
The best part is it's extremely easy to use, just plug it in, download the software and you can start playing within minutes. If you can wave in the air you can use a DUO.
The DUO comes in many forms: with open hardware plans, molded cases, kits and fully assembled devices. All paired with an open source Driver, SDK and examples. Resulting in a professional grade solution for 3D sensing using stereo vision.
The DUO is the world's first and only DIY 3D sensing solution.
Whether you are an artist, hobbyist, researcher or gadget fan, our goal is to make 3D sensing simple & customizable and can't wait to see what you do with DUO.
With our first prototype video you can get a glimpse of what's possible.
Why are we doing this?
We have history in revolutionizing DIY touch systems for 2D space and will now do the same for 3D. With this project we aim to widen the availability and understanding of these technologies. The DUO is the convergence and evolution of our combined efforts and we are really excited seeing what amazing things you will create with it.
With the DUO we're making fast and affordable 3D sensing accessible to everyone.
To do that we must:
acquire all required components for at least 1000 kits
continue to develop Linux and OSX support/integration
further refine the software and implement new features
ship the first batch of kits and assembled devices to our awesome backers
How far along is it?
As you can see we are pretty far along!
We already have our hardware prototypes working great. Our main goal now is to make it as affordable as possible and quickly get it into your hands. If we get at least 1000 units ordered we can get major price breaks on the components for the DUO.
Real-time 3D Visualizer built using Cinder.
Our Windows XP, 7 & 8 Driver/SDK is very stable (with over 4 million users) and is almost ready for beta testers. Shipping with the DUO is a highly optimized application that allows for precise tracking of hands, fingers and objects in 3D space. Although we believe in it being open, this application will not be immediately released as open source.
Beyond the software, the hardware has been through several revisions as you can see in the following images:
Prototype A - Transparent CAD renders of the first DUO Enclosure
Prototype B - Enclosure (Front & Back)
Prototype B - Assembled (Without Faceplate)
Prototype C - Assembled Unit with Production Components
Qualifications? Our team has been doing cutting edge software and hardware engineering for over 15 years and have contributed significant research, code and discoveries to projects similar to DUO, which are already in use by millions of people. You can learn more about us on our team page. What have we done?
CL Eye - The worlds' first free Driver/SDK for the Sony PS3 Eye on Windows.
CL Kinect - The worlds' first free Driver/SDK for the Kinect on Windows.
CL Studio - A real-time GPU accelerated visual processing and creation suite.
CCV - The definitive open source vision application for creating 2D touch systems.
Touchlib - The worlds' first solution for open source DIY multi-touch.
Some of our initial research for this project started in early 2009 when we began experimenting with fast, in-air hand/finger tracking. This eventually lead to implementing more complex algorithms and methods for use with stereo vision.
Over the years we have gained crucial insight in creating highly optimized processing pipelines for computer vision. The DUO inherits these optimizations, which is demonstrated in the following video filmed at 240 FPS.
How will we do it?
We will work on finalizing and publishing the beta version of the Driver, SDK, examples and plans to get people started with building their own applications and sensors.
The DUO Kit assembly and packaging will be done in Las Vegas, helping support local manufacturing and growing tech scene. Thorough testing will help ensure reliability and standards are met before the DUO is packaged securely for shipping.
We will keep costs as low as possible and source all electronic components from UL/CE approved vendors to assure reliability. And we will put it all together, with a strict focus on quality.
We will use the funds to:
Refine and fabricate the enclosure, source components and assemble, test and package kits and complete devices.
Continue research and software development efforts, further integrate with Windows and support for Linux and OSX.
Create beautiful documentation and plans that clearly illustrates how the DUO works and detailed instructions on how to build one on your own.
Phases:
Ted Cruz's splashy entry into the 2016 race Monday intensifies the early battle to consolidate conservative voters who are intent on denying the Republican Party establishment yet another presidential nomination.
In a primary fight more up for grabs than Republicans have seen in a generation, at least a half-dozen credible contenders are likely to join Cruz in competing for the hearts of conservatives. They face a labyrinth of tests of ideology and temperament, on talk radio and at tea party and faith forums, in a melee to become the hard right's standard-bearer.
Cruz, a 44-year-old senator from Texas whose combative posture has made them a household name for restive conservative activists nationally, offered themselves in their announcement speech Monday as an uncompromising champion for evangelical Christian voters as well.
Other rivals, chiefly former Florida governor Jeb Bush, are positioning themselves instead as favorites of the business and mainstream wings of the GOP.
But the emerging Republican scramble cannot be neatly defined by the establishment and the conservative grass roots. There are myriad, fluid categories that intersect in other ways: The candidates can be grouped generationally and geographically. Some of their pitches are focused on domestic issues, others on foreign policy. And there is a divide between first-term senators in Washington who offer rhetoric and ideas, and governors who plan to run on their records of enacting change in their states.
Former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson are among the potential Republican candidates who have strong followings among social conservatives. (AP, Bloomberg)
The key for each candidate, party strategists said, is finding a way to stitch together coalitions while preserving their or their political viability in the general election, when Democrats will have a demographic advantage.
“Everybody starts off from a certain part of the party, but the candidate who can expand their base, who can speak in terms that unite this party, is the candidate who wins,” said Dick Wadhams, a veteran GOP consultant. “This thing is wide open, and the debates are going to make the difference.”
By officially launching their campaign Monday at Liberty University, a Christian college in Lynchburg, Va., founded by the late fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell, Cruz tied their candidacy to their Christian faith and signaled that outreach to evangelicals will be central to their political calculus.
They face stiff competition. The past two winners of the Iowa caucuses, former senator Rick Santorum (Pa.) and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, have strong followings among social conservatives and are preparing for repeat bids in 2016. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson also is wooing the religious right and spoke over the weekend at televangelist Pat Robertson's 85th-birthday party.
Edward J. Rollins, who managed Ronald Reagan's 1984 reelection campaign, said that Cruz is angling to become “the leader of the tea party, which has never really had a leader, and bring together evangelicals.” They added that Cruz has the potential to “crowd out Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum and Ben Carson.”
Cruz, like Huckabee, Santorum and Carson, will rely expressly on Christian conservatives and small-dollar donors to help propel their candidacy.
“Cruz is occupying just one of the lanes, the social-conservative, right-wing, tea party lane — and it's an important lane,” said Douglas E. Gross, a Bush ally and prominent Iowa Republican. “Cruz's hope is that their lane is big enough to have an impact on the entire process and enable them to finish in the top two in Iowa. There is, however, no guarantee that a one-lane campaign is enough.”
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has made overtures to social conservatives while former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush had the support of conservative Christians when they served as that state's executive. (Getty Images)
Other contenders are making overtures to social conservatives but have the potential to rally significant support in other parts of the party as well.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making their blue-collar, small-town upbringing as the son of a Baptist pastor part of their stump appeal. Former Texas governor Rick Perry has vigorously built ties to religious activists in Iowa and other early-voting states, while Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has been huddling with evangelical power brokers.
Bush, meanwhile, enjoyed the enthusiastic backing of conservative Christians while serving as governor, earning praise when they intervened to keep Terri Schiavo on a feeding tube despite their husband's objections.
“Quite frankly, Jeb will make a play for evangelicals even though he's getting pigeonholed,” said Brett O'Donnell, a former debate coach at Liberty who has advised conservative candidates. “He has to remind people about what they did.”
Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) hopes to expand their unique base of libertarians and college students by picking up support from evangelicals — and Cruz is a particular threat. With their fire-and-brimstone oratory, the Texan presents a more vivid persona than the low-key Paul. The timing of Cruz's announcement is a setback for Paul, who is planning to announce their own campaign in early April.
“Everybody is trying to split this liberty, social-conservative pie,” said Johnnie Moore, an author and high-profile young evangelical leader. “A lot of evangelicals in America are going to hold their cards close, behave in a very coy and smart way, and make all the candidates support their principles.”
Gary L. Bauer, a longtime ­social-conservative leader, said, “There's a desire for a relatively early consensus to form that this candidate or that candidate is the right conservative to go head to head with the establishment alternative.”
Bush has set the pace for the field, raising tens of millions of dollars from Republican elites. They have cast themselves as a viable nominee in a general election, arguing that they have the ability to attract moderates, independent voters and minorities.
“They want a winner,” said Edward F. Cox, chairperson of the New York State Republican Party. “Up against Hillary Clinton, many donors are looking for someone who can put us over the top.”
In the establishment contest, Bush faces competition for donors and other influential players from Walker, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Rubio and Walker are offering themselves as fresh faces who can make a generational contrast with Clinton, who has been in the national spotlight for more than two decades.
“It's not just philosophy, it's not just ideology, it is also the way you project your candidacy and temperament,” said Wadhams, a former chairperson of the Colorado GOP. “If you run on a very narrow ideological basis, I don't think that's going to win in 2016.”
Another area of differentiation for the field is in their résumés. Republicans have spent much of the Obama era lamenting the president's lack of executive experience and their four-year tenure in the Senate. Cruz, Paul and Rubio would be running with similar backgrounds — and could face skepticism from GOP voters about their lack of management know-how. By contrast, Bush, Perry, Walker and Christie are touting actions they took as governors to bring conservative policy changes to their states.
“The difference between a Cruz and a Perry or a Walker or a Bush is that the governors have actually implemented conservative reforms and have governed complicated institutions as conservatives,” said Steve Schmidt, a strategist for Sen. John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign.
There is also a growing swarm of long-shot contenders.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump is preparing to launch a campaign and could create pressure points for other candidates on the debate stage. Carly Fiorina, a former chief executive of ­Hewlett-Packard, has made waves with their sharp attacks on Clinton and could emerge as a formidable force as the only female Republican candidate.
Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.), one of Washington's leading hawks, will push the candidates to advocate a muscular foreign policy should they run, while Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former New York governor George E. Pataki are seriously weighing campaigns of their own.
