If you analyze it I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism […] The basis of conservatism is a desire for less government interference or less centralized authority or more individual freedom and this is a pretty general description also of what libertarianism is. –Ronald Reagan (1975)
For the second election in a row, you find yourselves on the losing end. A significant majority of Americans have lost confidence in you and your lack of vision.
As you debate amongst yourselves the reasons why you lost the White House as well as numerous seats in both houses of Congress, perhaps this former Republican who has flirted with the Libertarian Party* over the last decade can offer you some helpful advice and constructive criticism. While I do not presume to speak on behalf of the many thousands of disillusioned former libertarian- leaning small government Republicans who were once a valued voting bloc in Ronald Reagan's “conservative coalition,” I am quite certain that there are many others who would agree with my appraisal of why you find yourselves in the position you are in.
President-Elect Barack Obama is wrong about a great many things but one thing they (and their party) has which you do not is clearly defined principles and the ability to communicate these principles effectively. I know what the Democratic Party stands for, what does the Republican Party stand for?
I know what the modern meanings of the terms “liberal” and “progressive” mean, but I have no idea what the modern meaning of the term “conservative” means. I have recently seen polls which ask the following question:
The Republicans lost the election because a. The Republican Party is too conservative b. The Republican Party is not conservative enough
I find this question to be impossible to answer!
If by “conservative” one means a party which appeals almost exclusively to white Christian male culture warriors whose primary agenda is using the police power of government to accomplish desired political goals, then my answer would be “a.”
If by “conservative” one means promoting the rights of life, liberty, and property then clearly, my answer would be “b.”
I do not believe the ambiguity of the term “conservative” is by accident. “Conservative” is every bit the nebulous term as we have heard ad nauseam from the Obama campaign (i.e. “hope” and “change”). Because these terms are so under defined, each person who hears these buzzwords assigns their or their own meaning to them. I seem to recall every candidate in the Republican primary refer to themselves as a “conservative” or even a “Reagan conservative” at one time or another. How is it possible that candidates with philosophical differences as stark as that of Ron Paul and Rudy Giuliani both claim to be conservative?
Now that I have pointed out your apparent error of asking the wrong question (garbage in, garbage out right?) to try to regain the trust of a majority of voters, I believe it is time for you to explain what exactly a conservative is. My understanding of the term is more in line with what Barry Goldwater described in Conscience of a Conservative** as opposed to what the Republican Party has offered in the 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, and 2008 campaigns.
I realize that a political party cannot be all things to all people but all of your constituents deserve to have a clear understanding of where your party is going. Does this mean that moving forward that you will have to choose between two very large voting blocs – small government conservatives and social conservatives?
This depends completely on how you choose to frame the issues. Where the Republican Party seems to stand now is that government can and should be used to force individuals to behave a certain way***. This approach is completely at odds with the small government conservative approach that undesirable behavior can be changed with the power of persuasion**** rather than force.
Is it possible that the Libertarian Party has an approach that a majority of social conservatives could live with? Perhaps you could learn something from The 2008 Libertarian Party Platform:
(From the Preamble) As Libertarians, we seek a world of liberty; a world in which all individuals are sovereign over their own lives and no one is forced to sacrifice their or their values for the benefit of others. We believe that respect for individual rights is the essential precondition for a free and prosperous world, that force and fraud must be banished from human relationships, and that only through freedom can peace and prosperity be realized. Consequently, we defend each person's right to engage in any activity that is peaceful and honest, and welcome the diversity that freedom brings. The world we seek to build is one where individuals are free to follow their own dreams in their own ways, without interference from government or any authoritarian power.
This approach to governance that the Libertarian Party offers is why I have left the Republican Party and voted accordingly. Thus far, I have not seen any evidence that your party will become the party of smaller government, lower taxes, and more freedom. Some of the names I have heard bandied about as the “new face” of the Republican Party such as Mitt “Romney Care” Romney, Sarah “I can see Russia from my house” Palin, and “Tax Hike Mike” Huckabee suggests that you are yet to learn why small government conservatives are leaving in droves.
This is not to say that you will continue to lose every election until you return Goldwater/Reagan conservatism. There is a good chance that you will regain one or both houses of Congress in 2010 and perhaps the presidency in 2012*****. But if you wish to win elections and stay elected, you will need to return to these philosophical roots.
Until that day comes, I will continue to support the Libertarian Party and only support Republicans who demonstrate in word and deed their wishes to shrink the size, scope, and power of government.
*And has recently joined the Libertarian Party and voted for another Republican turned Libertarian (Bob Barr) for president in this election.
**I would recommend everyone in a leadership capacity of the G.O.P. to read this book. I am certain that all of you have it on a shelf collecting dust and cobwebs. I would also recommend Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged (read John Galt's speech if nothing else) to learn why lovers of liberty such as myself were very turned off by the McCain campaign's collectivist references to “a cause greater than self,” “sacrifice,” and “the common good.”
***Abortion, end of life issues (right to die with dignity), gay marriage, gambling, drug use, prostitution, blue laws, etc. are all examples of personal choices that social conservatives believe should be regulated or abolished.
****Persuasion as in convincing individuals to make a different choice with a compelling argument. No matter how much one tries whether using persuasion or force, not everyone will make the “right” decision. This is a fact of life we need to learn to deal with.
***** Due to the unrealistically high expectations Obama set for himself, many of their supporters will be sorely disappointed when they learn they are a mere mortal. I also believe the Democrats will overreach and try to take the country further to the Left than a majority of Americans are prepared for.
Are you ready for this? Vegan butter chicken sauce? Ahhh my gawdd! It was so so so delicious and so so easy! I will be making this again again! My only regret is that I didn't make more! I had a number of friends stroll in the day I made this vegan butter chicken sauce and everyone of them loved it (and none of them are even vegan). 🙂
I want to make this again and eat this right now. 🙂
The picture here doesn't look super saucy but not to worry! I've adapted the recipe to double the sauce and that's what I have shared below.
Ingredients for Vegan Butter Chicken Sauce
1/2 cup coconut milk
1/2 cup soaked cashews
2 tbsp olive oil (or vegan butter)
2 tsp freshly ground/grated ginger
2 tsp freshly ground/grated garlic
1 tsp garam masala
4 green cardamom pods
4 cloves
6 black peppercorns
2 inch piece of cinnamon
1 cup tomato puree (from the can)
1/2 – 1 tsp red chilli powder
2-3 fresh green chillies, optional
salt, to taste
fresh coriander to garnish, optional
1 block tofu
1 tsp of sugar, optional (I didn't add this but “traditional” butter chicken often includes this)
Directions for Vegan Butter Chicken Sauce
Soak the cashews (you can do this for however long you like. I have a high powdered blender so I usually skip the soaking process entirely but if you don't have a high powdered blender, you can soak the cashews overnight or for a minimum of 30 minutes). Place the soaked cashews in a food processor / blender, add the coconut milk and blend them until they are completely smooth. Set aside. Drain tofu and prep tofu. I usually do this by placing it between 2 plates, putting something heavy on top, and letting it sit for about 10-20 minutes. If you would like a “meatier” tofu texture, you can then bake the tofu after it's drained on a greased baking sheet/parchment paper. Bake it for in about 30 minutes on 400 degrees, flipping mid-way through. Heat the olive oil (or vegan butter) in a large pan over medium heat. Add the green cardamoms, cloves, peppercorns and cinnamon. Sauté for a couple of minutes then add the ginger and garlic paste and cook for a couple of more minutes. Add the tomato puree, red chilli powder, garam masala, salt, and fresh chillies, if using. Increase heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a boil (you can add more water if you find the mixture sticking to the pan. I did not do this though). Reduce heat and simmer for about 10 minutes. Add the tofu and simmer for another five minutes or so. Add the coconut milk & cashew mixture. Adjust spices to taste. Serve hot with naan or roti. I eat this with my Paleo Coconut Flour Naan or my Buckwheat Flour Chapati.
A postcard sent to Canada from Buenos Aires arrived with the text – ‘I'm west thinking in you, Have a nice day' corrected with a red pen and a ‘mean' note
The postcard featuring an aerial view of the Plaza de la República in Buenos Aires was meant as a thoughtful gesture from a longtime friend.
But as it made its way from Argentina to Toronto, its error-laden English provoked someone to take to the text with a red pen, correcting errors and scrawling a note that read: “ps Learn English!!”
The act left Mirella Zisko stunned. The postcard had been sent to them by a former colleague, now in their 60s, who had emigrated to Canada from Argentina and learned English as a second language.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The postcard. Photograph: Lorenda Reddekopp/CBC
Oscar's original message – “I'm west thinking in you, Have a nice day” – had been marked up with red pen, much like how a teacher would tackle a student's essay.
Their words had been crossed out to adjust the message to “I was thinking of you.” The meddler had also added their own note to the postcard – “Learn English!!” – directed at Oscar and underlined twice for emphasis.
“First I was mad and then I just felt upset for him,” Zisko told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. “He's such a good friend and he's an older gentleman and I just felt hurt for them that someone would go out of their way to be mean.” They hadn't had the heart to tell them what had happened to the postcard, they added.
Hockey, weed and taxes? 11 Canadian stereotypes debunked Read more
The act drew fury from their university-age daughter, said Zisko. “She's like, ‘This is wrong, this is racist. It's 2017. Who has the right to do this?'”
While it remains unclear where exactly in the mailing process the postcard was tampered with, Zisko has filed a complaint over the incident with Canada Post. The corrections were more likely to have happened in Canada, they reasoned, than in Spanish-speaking Argentina.
On Thursday, the postal operator called the incident “an extremely rare occurrence” and said it was continuing to monitor the situation.
“It is truly unfortunate that Ms Zisko's postcard was marked-up and we can certainly understand why they would be upset,” a spokesperson for Canada Post said. “With many hands touching the postcard before and after it entered Canada, it is impossible to determine where and when the marking may have occurred.”
This article is about the felinoid Rebel agent. You may be looking for Tani, a female Mandalorian warrior. This article is about. You may be looking for
The content of this Star Wars Legends article was cut. This article covers a subject that was cut from the final version of a Star Wars Legends source. The subject appeared in no other source and was therefore considered non-canon within the Legends continuity.
Tani Ab'yla was a Rebel agent.
A member of an unspecified felinoid species with brown hair and yellow eyes, they were a proficient commando and a skilled slicer. They generally preferred to attack enemies with some form of grenade, and normally carried some sort of device which could generate a localized electromagnetic pulse. They could sprint at double their normal speed for a short duration.
Behind the scenes Edit
Tani Ab'yla was one of several units which were cut from Star Wars: Empire at War before the game's release. Them abilities were usurped by Kyle Katarn, Han Solo, and the paired unit of C-3PO and R2-D2. The name of Tani Ab'yla's model is: "NI_TANI.ALO"
Not erect enough yet? Here's a pill:
Hearing if Cavs-Pacers talks go well 76ers could be included as a 3rd team & possible landing spot for Love if IND prefer picks & prospects. — Probasketballdraft (@Probballdraft) June 19, 2017 Heard before the draft 76ers wanted to add shooters and a veteran to young core and were willing to trade for it. Fultz and Love are that. — Probasketballdraft (@Probballdraft) June 19, 2017
This is the Twitter account of NBA draft guru Joe Kotoch, an established basketball guy but hardly one of the big names, so take with a reasonably-sized grain of salt, perhaps two.
This trade, as described here, would be in service of getting Paul George to the Cavs (poor Kevin Love). George has all but told the Pacers he's not re-signing with them when they become a free agent next year, so they may be looking to get something for him. The Cavs are one of the few teams in the league that could take a chance at a one-year rental on a player like George, because they are legit contenders and this could maybe put them over the top. Love has three years left on a five-year, $113 million contract which carries a cap hit of around $25 million. Obviously, the Sixers could easily afford him.
I'm not even sure there's enough here to consider the possibility of Love becoming a Sixer, but unlike signing the older Kyle Lowry or J.J. Reddick, Love, who's 28, would fit the Sixers' timeline a bit better and indeed accelerate it. I feel like the Process folks will hate this until someone like Derek Bodner tells them it's OK, but there are far worse ways for the Sixers to go all-in than Kevin Love, who would actually fit quite well on the team.
This is going to be a crazy NBA summer.
After months of anticipation, the 2015 football season is finally drawing near, and the blood-drenched waves of the Crimson Tide will be rolling into the heart of Texas to do battle with the #20 Wisconsin Badgers. There has been all kinds of hand-wringing and gumping alike, and now it's finally time to sit back and kick this thing off.
Despite having four different coaches in the last decade, Wisconsin has been one of the most consistent programs in the country, both in their style of play and the results they enjoy because of it. The hiring of new head coach Paul Chryst was truly a microcosm of the program itself.
A former quarterback and offensive coordinator in Madison, Chryst is both new and old, familiar and different. As the premier program in the Big Ten West, the Badgers look to continue their reign at the top of the division in 2015 with many of the same elements that got them there in the first place. As Coach Bryant famously put it, "the same things win that have always won," and Barry Alvarez's program is a shining example of this.
When Wisconsin Has the Ball
The last time we saw Nick Saban's team, familiar foe Urban Meyer was utilizing the Big Ten version of their Smashmouth Spread Option to gash the Crimson Tide defense. However, the Badgers run a much more conventional Big Ten type of offense: the Traditional Pro Style offense. Chryst was the offensive coordinator under Bret Bielema when guys like P.J. Hill, John Clay, James White, and Montee Ball were carving up defenses on the ground. As the head coach at Pittsburgh, Chryst turned James Conner into the ACC Player of the Year last season, as they ran for 1,765 yards on 298 attempts (5.9 YPC) and an ACC record 26 rushing touchdowns. The Badgers are going to try and establish the run.
Unfortunately for Wisconsin, running the ball on Alabama's defense isn't exactly an easy thing to accomplish, especially out of the Traditional Pro Style. To make things even more difficult for the Badgers, there has been a bunch of attrition and mix-and-matching going on up front along the offensive line. Chryst and company may have to get a little bit creative in order to open up some space for guys like Corey Clement and Taiwan Deal out of the backfield.
In the neutral site opener against LSU last season, Wisconsin actually tore it up on the ground with Melvin Gordon. Part of the reason they were able to keep coming at the Tigers in between the tackles was because they burned LSU with a jet sweep early for the game's first score. The Badgers come out in a typical set for them. They have two tight ends lined up on the strong-side, two receivers out wide on the opposite side of the field, and a single runningback (in this case, Clement) behind then-quarterback Tanner McEvoy. Les Miles and John Chavis have the Tigers lined-up in their base 4-3 Cover 2 look. Reggie Love motions across the field, and Wisconsin's about to school LSU the old fashioned way.
McEvoy is going to hand the ball off to Love on the Jet Sweep, but the offensive line is going to block down on the defensive line and try to open up the weak-side B-Gap, between the right guard and the right tackle. This is going to give the impression that the sweep is a decoy and the ball is going to go to Clement. Boy, does LSU bite on that one. Look at the heads of the defenders who aren't already being blocked out of the play. They are staring straight into the backfield, waiting to swarm to Clement when they get the ball.
By the time the second-level defenders recognize what's happening, it's too late. Check out how strong-side defensive end Danielle Hunter's head is contorted away from the direction of their body. He's already beat, and they know it. That's the classic "whoops, my bad" look. From there the play is pretty much over. Wisconsin has created a three-on-two situation on the outside, where tight ends Derek Watt and Sam Arneson just have to lay clean blocks on cornerback Tre'Davious White and safety Jalen Mills. Guess who wins that battle?
Wisconsin used the threat of their power running ability to fool the LSU defense on this play, which opened up a favorable match-up on the outside where they out-numbered the Tigers in both players and girth at the point of attack. This huge play also opened up space between the tackles later in the game, as the second-level defenders had to think ever so slightly more before reacting. Don't be surprised to see Wisconsin try to run a few plays like this against the Crimson Tide, as they will need all the help they can get softening up the middle of the Alabama defense.
Most teams usually use the threat of the pass to accomplish this feat, but Wisconsin has had their fair share of struggles in the passing department lately.
Suffice to say, Joel Stave has had their issues throwing the football. It's not all on him, of course, as the receiving corps hasn't exactly torn it up themselves. But in their four match-ups with ranked opponents last season in which Stave was starting (Nebraska, Minnesota, Ohio State, and Auburn), the veteran quarterback went 49/99 (49.5% Completion %) for 569 yards (5.75 YPA) with four touchdowns to six interceptions.
Paul Chryst is known as a bit of a quarterback whisperer, and there are a few interesting pieces at receiver in Alex Erickson, Jordan Frederick, Robert Wheelwright, and uber-athlete McEvoy, but the Badgers would have had to made serious strides over the off-season in order to make this a competent unit.
When Alabama Has the Ball
Make no mistake about it, when Wisconsin's offense is on the field, they are going to play old-school power football. However, their defense has evolved a bit in the last few years. Dave Aranda took over as Wisconsin's defensive coordinator when Gary Anderson came to Madison in 2013 and quickly implemented a 3-4 base defense. However, the 2015 version, much like the 2014 one, may not look exactly like what many consider a 3-4 to look like.
Instead of having a bunch of monstrous bodies who eat up space and form an impenetrable wall like more traditional 3-4 teams (such as Saban's Alabama teams, especially from 2008-2012), Aranda's unit is much lighter and quicker. The Badgers are undersized in both the trenches and in the linebacking corps, yet they haven't seen much of a drop off in their ability to stop power run games. The reason why is because they still execute the concepts of the 3-4, except they do so by aggressively flowing to the ball with great speed.
Going back to the LSU game, the Badgers are going to display exactly how they go about shutting down traditional power run games. LSU comes out in 21 personnel (two backs, one tight end) on 1st and 10 in the middle of the field. The Tigers are going to run their classic quick pitch with runningback Terrence Magee to the strong-side. As shown in the above image, Wisconsin's down linemen have the same 2-Gap responsibilities that most 3-4 defenses require out of their big guys. It's a read-and-react type of defense, as the lineman must decide which of their two gaps they must occupy. The two outside linebackers, Vince Biegel and Joe Schobert, are responsible for setting the edge; however, Schobert is actually going to be crashing the C-Gap now, since tight end Dillon Gordon is now set up on the strong-side.
The second line of defense is where Wisconsin's aggressive philosophy comes into effect. The two inside linebackers, Marcus Trotter and Derek Landisch (both of whom have graduated), are going to combine with strong safety Michael Caputo to form a fast-flowing triangle of defense. The three of them have been given the keys to the defense, as they will have to decide whether to aggressively look to fill lanes in the run game or drop back into coverage.
Caputo is a classic box safety who will be used in a similar way as Landon Collins was last season for the Crimson Tide. Their ability to swarm to the ball in run support makes them an invaluable asset against heavy run sets. If the the middle triumvirate decides to go after the run, Landsich will now be responsible for setting the edge, since Schobert no longer can. Caputo and Trotter are both going to watch the motion of the two backs to decide where to attack.
The front five do a great job of occupying their gaps, as there is not a cutback lane in sight for Magee. Now it's time for the middle three players to take over. Landisch is going to crash to the outside, looking to turn Magee back towards the middle of the field. Trotter plans on blowing it up from there, but in case fullback Connor Neighbors is able to land the block (he doesn't), Caputo will be there to clean it all up.
Wisconsin is able to tee off on more traditional run games by simply filling lanes and swarming to the ball, and they execute this practice at a high level. LSU's ground game was mostly held in check the entire night in last season's opener. If it wasn't for a couple of bombs on broken plays, Wisconsin would have finished the season 2-0 against the SEC West, which would have been quite the accomplishment.
So how can Alabama thwart the Badgers' quick and aggressive 3-4 look? There are a couple of ways to go about doing this, but with at least one new quarterback playing their first meaningful snaps of their collegiate career, it would be best to avoid obvious passing situations. Play-action passes on first down will be one of the major keys to Alabama coming away with a victory Saturday night. A good play-action fake will be enough to freeze that inside triangle of defenders and open up lanes in the passing game.
In their game against Minnesota last season, the Badgers were almost exclusively in their 3-4 the entire game. Now, Alabama probably isn't going to line-up in many old-school heavy run sets on Saturday night, but they will absolutely utilize many of the same concepts used in this play. The Golden Gophers are going to run play-action to the strong-side, which is going to force the three middle defenders to make a decision as to whether or not they need to attack. The tight end lined up on the line of scrimmage and the fullback are going to peel off of their blocks into the flats, and the wide receiver on the far side is going to come across on a drag. While all of this confusion is going on, All-Big Ten tight end Maxx Williams is going to run a drag of their own, crossing with the receiver in the middle of the field. Wisconsin is showing a Cover 3 look, as the corners and free safety are each playing back.
As quarterback Mitch Liedner fakes the handoff to star runningback David Cobb, the three middle defenders keep their wits about them and continue to read the play. However, they start to break down as the confusion begins to set in. Landisch charges after the quarterback on a delayed blitz (whether that was called or not isn't clear). As Williams begins to cross field, Trotter doesn't pick up on it, as their head is still peering into the backfield.
Trotter realizes it's a play-action too late, and instead starts to run with the decoy tight end. Caputo figures out what is going on, but he's already toast at this point, as Williams is standing wide open right in front of Leidner. To make matters worse for the Badgers, the two defensive backs in the field side have been completely fooled as well, as they don't even notice Williams coming across the middle. They have already bailed out to the other side to help cover the crossing receiver and the asupervisorstioned decoy tight end.
Again, Alabama probably isn't going to run too many heavy sets like the one the Gophers ran, but this concept can be utilized in a number of ways.
The above image is one way that Alabama may decide to attack Wisconsin on 1st and 10. A play-action to the strong-side with someone like OJ Howard crossing drag routes underneath with the split end on the opposite side. Easy throws like this could be a huge boost of confidence to whoever is underneath center for the Crimson Tide. With an explosive player like Howard getting the ball out in space by taking advantage of Wisconsin's aggressive 3-4 base, it could be an easy throw that does a lot of damage.
These kinds of throws may force the Badgers to switch to their 2-4-5 Nickel package (their favorite formation to defend the pass) on standard downs, which could open up interior run lanes for Derrick Henry and company.
Winning first downs will be one of the main keys to this game. Both teams are going to rely heavily on trying to establish the run on standard downs, but it won't be easy going up against their respective opposition. Whichever team can take pressure off of the running game by opening things up in the passing lanes will more than likely come away with a victory Saturday night.
Sex and the City or Girls are both series about women's sex lives and friendships. Which one do you think is better?
Sex and the City vs Girls
Sex and the City is an American TV series about women's lives produced by HBO. Focused on issues such as sex life, infidelity, romance and friendship. Sex and the City was starred by Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, and Cynthia Nixon, ran for six seasons (1998-2004) and received Emmy, Golden Clobe and Actors Guild Awards. Sex and the City received both acclaim and criticism for its subjects and characters. The series spawned two feature films, Sex and the City (2008) and its sequel Sex and the City 2 (2010), as well as a prequel series The Carrie Diaries.
Girls is a more recent series (2012- ), also set in New York and produced by HBO. Gils deals with the lives and experiences of a group of twenty-somethings women. Girls is a comedy-drama was created by Lena Dunham, who also stars. Girl has also been a great success among the public and critics, but do you think it is as good and will have as big an impact as Sex and the City? Tell us more about these shows and what you find funny or annoying about them.
Is Girls as good as Sex and the City? Vote and tell us why
Protesters demanding affordable housing march down Milwaukee Avenue in Logan Square on their way to Ald. Joe Moreno's office Tuesday night. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Paul Biasco
LOGAN SQUARE — A Logan Square organization is calling out Ald. Joe Moreno's backing of large-scale developments in the neighborhood while demanding more affordable housing.
A group of about 50 residents and anti-gentrification protesters gathered at the site of the proposed "Twin Towers" development Tuesday night and marched down the middle of Milwaukee Avenue blocking traffic on their way to the office of Ald. Moreno (1st).
The group was met by Moreno supporters who were waiting for them in front of Moreno's office, pro-Moreno signs in hand shouting pro-Moreno chants.
The protestors called Moreno a "fake progressive" and claimed they were in the pocket of developers.
They asked for an increase in affordable units in developments and a delay in approval of developments to allow for a study and discussion of the merits of transit-oriented-developments.
"Something that's called 'T-O-D' has been implemented without any open debate," said 65-year-old Anne Sheetz, who moved to Logan Square in 1986. "It's being rushed."
Paul Biasco says it was a tense situation outside of the office:
The protestors argue that the developments will raise rents and property taxes in the neighborhood, forcing families to move out. They also argued that the location of the luxury developments near public transit will make it impossible for families to live near public transit.
"Today we are here to let Joe Moreno know that what they are doing and the people they are allowing to take over the neighborhood, that is something that we don't want and we don't need," said 27-year-old Logan Square resident Nando Espinosa.
Moreno's supporters chanted T-O-D in support of their backing of transit-oriented-development as well as a chant hailing Moreno's backing of the $15 minimum wage hike.
When the anti-Moreno group arrived outside the office, 2058 N. Western Ave., they circled around the pro-Moreno crowd with their own chants and signs and at one point attempted to make their way inside.
Pro-Moreno backers blocked off the door, using signs as shields and for a moment there was shoving and a quick altercation.
[DNAinfo/Paul Biasco]
Police were on the scene, but did not need to intervene.
Moreno was not at the office as they were participating in the National Night Out, a community building campaign police departments host once a year in communities throughout the country.
The alderman released a statement in response to the planned march Tuesday afternoon, stating that they have been working hard to increase the number of affordable units in the ward and has helped bring 38 new units of affordable housing into Logan Square and Humboldt Park during their time as alderman.
Moreno stated that they have worked with developers to ensure another 88 new affordable units are included in new-construction scheduled for Logan Square and Wicker Park.
"I will let my record of action and accomplishment on affordable housing issues stand on its own merits," Moreno said in the statement. "I will continue to work within the confines of what the City Code allows pertaining to affordable housing opportunities in the 1st Ward."
Moreno also said they are working with the Logan Square Neighborhood Association and Chicago Housing Initiative to push the Chicago Housing Authorities to spend its massive budgetary surplus.
An anti-gentrification group marched on Ald. Joe Moreno's office Tuesday night. [DNAinfo/Paul Biasco]
It was not the first time this year the group, We Are/Somos Logan Square, staged a protest against development in the neighborhood.
In June the group staged a protest outside the future "L" building, 2211 N. Milwaukee Ave., which broke group in the spring and will include 120 luxury units along with 12 affordable units.
There are a handful of major developments planned for a half-mile stretch of Milwaukee between Altgeld Street and Talman Avenue.
The projects include a total of more than 600 units.
Moreno has received signed commitments from the developers that they must include the required 10 percent of affordable units in each project rather than pay into the city's affordable housing fund in lieu of the affordable units.
In April community members presented 900 signatures to Moreno asking them to delay the zoning change on one of the projects at 2293 N. Milwaukee Ave. for a month, but Moreno refused.
"What we are saying is that the 10 percent that Moreno is touting as a concession is not enough," said Hafizah Omar, a 28-year-old member of We Are/Somos Logan Square. "The so-called affordable units are not even affordable."
Protesters demanding more affordable housing rallied along Milwaukee Avenue near California Tuesday night. [DNAinfo/Paul Biasco]
Pro-Moreno supporters met the protestors at the interesection of Milwaukee and California.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
I love T-Mobile. I didn't think it would be possible to love a cell phone provider but I do.
I will tell you why. I will tell you why it matters too.
Because even as someone who studies, writes about and has a decent track record in the marketing business, I never thought I would write this article either. But what T-Mobile has done in the last two or so years has been one of the most remarkable and brilliant brand turnarounds in business history. It's a sterling example of how industry disruption can work even with a major, multi-billion dollar corporation and how having a good business strategy is the best marketing decision anyone can make.
But first, proof of my love. I switched to T-Mobile in July of 2014 after many years with AT&T (having also used other providers through jobs). All was well, until I moved to a rural area and my reception got terrible. What did I do? I voluntarily paid $500 out of my own pocket to put a tower on my roof so I could keep T-Mobile…even though AT&T gets great coverage where I live. (Plug: the guy who did it was named Louis and they and their little company were awesome.) In any case, I paid a lot of money to keep paying money to someone.
In 2013, T-Mobile began to remake itself as the “Un-carrier,” aiming to increase the transparency and predictability of billing, as well as providing an alternative to inflexible contracts. To accomplish this, T-Mobile got rid of two-year contracts, preferring instead to charge users a monthly fee in addition to the down payment of the device. Then T-Mobile began allowing users to roll over their unused data and added other benefits such as free music streaming.
In January of 2014, T-mobile announced it would no longer charge early termination fees and would pay for non-T-mobile users to get out of contracts with other carriers. To promote the campaign T-mobile developed a website where people could create a “break-up” letter to send to their current carrier, which was visited over 400,000 times within the first 24 hours of the announcement. Surprisingly, T-Mobile doesn't lose money by paying early termination fees to other carriers. This approach actually saves them money since customer acquisition by other, less direct means is more expensive.
When I switched to T-Mobile, they bought me out of my contract. I now pay less per month. When I travel internationally, I turn on my phone and get service and data for free. Music streams for free on my phone for free. Wifi calling. When I first started having service problems, they sent me a booster. They sent me a free wifi router. There is actually a subreddit filled with T-Mobile employees and fans who answer questions for free if you're having trouble with your phone or plan. When the iPhone 6 came out, they upgraded me (oh and they insure the phone too). And there's no contract for any of this.
I could leave T-Mobile but I won't. There's the old saying about getting more with an open hand than a closed fist. It's true.
What was my experience like with other carriers? Surprise charges. Getting stuck with crappy phones. Getting stuck paying for repairs. Don't forget the terrible customer service, not being able to use the phone out of the country—and of course, mediocre reception was still there too. No wonder they needed a legally binding contract to prevent customers from leaving.
That's what's so interesting to me—obviously providing cellular service is the main thing that a provider is supposed to do. It should be the only thing that matters. Why don't I hold the deficiencies against T-Mobile the way I often did with AT&T and Sprint? For one, I believe based on T-Mobile's track record that it will get better and is getting better. But really I think it's this: when I felt like I was getting screwed over, I was always looking for a way to get even or to get what's mine. When you don't feel like you're constantly getting a raw deal, you're willing to work with someone. The customer service I'd tolerate from Amazon or Costco (who I love) is very different from what I'd accept of Wal-Mart or Microsoft (who I usually don't).
How crazy is that? When you don't treat people shitty—or in fact treat them well—they respond in kind!
When I look at the list of what's included with T-Mobile, I notice that all the things I mentioned are features. T-Mobile has continually and regularly added incredible and untraditional features (for a service provider) to their offering. Features that are way better than what you get anywhere else. That's it. That's the strategy: just fix most of the bullshit things that people hate about cell phone service providers.
This also makes their marketing really easy. It means all they have to do is tell people about it. Imagine that—instead of hiring JJ Watt to act in funny commercials for millions of dollars, they just have to list the features. Random people write articles like this for free. Oh, and the marketing actually converts because it's true.
Look at the numbers. Since re-branding the company, the results have been astounding. In the final quarter of 2012, the last before implementing its re-branding strategy, T-Mobile lost 515,000 customers. In 2013, the total customer additions were 4.4 million. In 2014, T-Mobile added another 8.3 million customers, bringing its total to 56.8 million total subscribers nationally. In the past two years the company has increased its monthly subscriber base by 36 percent and has a market value of approximately $31 billion. Not only that, but T-Mobile has recently been in the news for talks about a possible merger with Dish Network, second-largest satellite TV operator in the U.S (I hope this doesn't happen—it will probably be bad).
T-Mobile has no idea I wrote this article. I don't care if you switch or not. In fact, I think I actually own shares in AT&T (it pays a good dividend). But it is a case worth looking at. Because a mediocre company was able to become a great one, without changing all that much.
Most of the companies I talk to about marketing love the stunts that I've done. They want to do the crazy stuff I've tried over the years. But 99% of the time, I say why? Your product isn't that good. You're expending energy in the wrong place. You're skipping the most important part.
Or they think they can't become a growth story because their product is boring. Well, cell phone service is boring too. But it becomes exciting when you truly go about it in amazing, unusual, insane, generous, authentic, trusting way. That's what T-Mobile does.
Yet people are too afraid to actually do this. They're totally on board with getting flack or buying the naming rights to a Planned Parenthood clinic. But questioning the way they do business is too hard. It's too scary.
So all that's left is window dressing and spin. All that's left is spending millions to trick people. No wonder there is no love.
Ryan Holiday is the best-selling author of The Obstacle Is the Way: The Timeless Art of Turning Trials into Triumph. Ryan is an editor-at-large for the Observer, and they live in Austin, Texas.
Well, we had to have this conversation eventually.
In the weeks since the election, it seems like just about everyone has an explanation for the outcome. Third party voters, a white working-class rebellion against a liberal elite, fake news, racist white women, Russia – the list goes on and on, and will probably continue to grow over the next few months. This article will not be about the election, but it will be about one ideology that has been hotly debated in the election's aftermath: identity politics.
Identity politics are, simply put, an ideology that constructs a political framework around an individual's identity or identities. It argues that characteristics like race/ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation and class contribute to different life experiences and that these differences vary based on every combination of these characteristics (a related concept: intersectionality). Queer, transgender, South Asian working-class men, then, will have different experiences compared to straight, cisgender, White middle-class women, and so on and so forth. The politic part of identity politics typically involves evoking these identities in the context of campaigns, outreach, decision-making and any other situation in which power, prestige, status or the like are at stake. (This is to say, in most situations.)
So far, most online critiques I have read about identity politics have been unimpressive at best and incoherent at worst. Mark Lilla's New York Times opinion piece buried a half-cogent exploration of identity politics under a tired “All Lives Matter”-esque rhetoric. John Judis's Washington Post op-ed seemed to conflate the Clinton campaign's strategic successes and failures with the successes and failures of a greater “identity politics,” which they never quite defines. In response to pieces like these, defenders of identity politics have published retaliatory op-eds saying, essentially: “the right uses them too!” This is usually the trend: Misinformed criticism of leftist activism or culture result in high-profile straw man arguments in popular media that activists take great glee in tearing down. (I'm quite guilty of this myself.) Real issues go unsolved, and both left and right further cement themselves into ironclad camps.
The reality of this debate is that identity politics – like most ideologies – are more complex than either the critics or the proponents want to admit. Take, for example, common statements like “all ‘X' should have voted against ‘Y.'” We assume by making these statements that:
All “X” share the same interest in voting against “Y.” All “X” think of themselves as “X,” or have that identity salient when voting. All “X” vote primarily to oppose “Y.”
Because we've made these assumptions, we are primed to interpret the results of the election accordingly. We might write op-eds titled “If You Are LGBTQ and You Vote for Trump, You are a Traitor to Your Community, Plain. Simple. Truth,” perhaps not understanding that by enforcing this myth of community purity, we are further isolating individuals and furthering the conditions under which people vote against their “identity interests,” or not at all.
This is the larger problem that we in progressive, Leftist and/or activist communities currently face: We see the forest and miss the trees. While we apply our analyses and academic knowledge to arrive at policies we think will “benefit all people of color” or “benefit the working class,” we apply the same homogenizing lens onto actual people in actual communities without taking the effort to see the people and not the theories we use to explain them. I don't care if we're “correct;” what good does that do if we're too out of touch with our communities to make any positive change happen? This applies to identity politics as much as it applies to “political correctness” and the policing of language – it's not about whether or not we're right. It's about the way we treat people who don't talk or think like us, whether we choose to emphasize the purity of our movements or welcome the messy reality of the world outside them.
This is not to say that we should abandon identity politics; quite the opposite. If we see the vision of identity politics (all women and femmes working toward an end to patriarchy, all people of color working toward an end to white supremacy, etc.) as a goal for the future, we can work towards that reality. The danger lies when we believe this vision already exists, as the Clinton campaign did, or try and create it through ideological exclusion and movement policing, as activists do. Identity politics can be a path to actual equity and justice only so far as it centers the hard work of organizing, coalition-building, empathy and education.
I understand that holding fast to our ideologies is a natural response to crisis; identity politics are a second language to many of us. What we need to do, though, is find a more sustainable, empathetic and restorative approach to our organizing work that keeps us accountable to a better world and yet keeps us able to understand people who are in process. We need our identity politics to evolve – and if the argument isn't convincing enough on its own, know that it came from a queer, transgender activist woman of color.
Contact Lily Zheng at lilyz8 ‘at' stanford.edu.
President Donald Trump has tweeted in reaction to the terrorist attack in Manhattan, "I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!"
In the wake of the vehicular terrorist attack in Manhattan that killed eight and injured at least 12 others on Tuesday, Trump has taken to Twitter to announce stricter restraints on granting entry to the US.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 1, 2017
The terrorist suspect's identity has yet to be confirmed by police, but widespread reports citing law enforcement sources claim the suspect is 29-year-old Sayfullo Saipov, an Uzbek native who gained legal status in the US in 2010.
Read more
Saipov allegedly came to the US under the Diversity Visa Program, which provides visas to people from countries with historically low rates of immigration to the United States, according to ABC News.
Trump's "extreme vetting" of refugees and immigrants from select countries has been challenged multiple times in federal court, and the US Supreme Court has before it their travel ban policy against several Muslim-majority countries and Chad, North Korea and Venezuela.
Uzbekistan is not among the countries on Trump's travel ban.
READ MORE: US restarts visa processing for 6 countries after ‘dangerously flawed' travel ban ruling
"We must not allow [Islamic State or IS, formerly] ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere," Trump tweeted earlier Tuesday. "Enough!"
Trump called the attacker "a very sick and deranged person."
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
Emily LakdawallaCasey Dreier • September 1, 2015
New Horizons extended mission target selected
The New Horizons mission has formally selected its next target after Pluto: a tiny, dim, frozen world currently named 2014 MU69. The spacecraft will perform a series of four rocket firings in October and November to angle its trajectory to pass close by 2014 MU69 in early January 2019. In so doing, New Horizons will become the first flyby craft to pass by a target that was not discovered before the spacecraft launched. However, NASA has not yet committed to keeping New Horizons operational long enough to perform science at 2014 MU69; that decision will be made next year, when numerous other solar system extended missions are all up for review.
NASA, ESA, and G. Bacon (STScI) PT1, the potential target for New Horizons after Pluto PT1 is a small, likely lumpy object, only 30-45 kilometers across. The view takes in nearly the entire solar system, with the Sun and the four giant planets appearing as bright stars. PT1 is a small, likely lumpy object, only 30-45 kilometers across. The view takes in nearly the entire solar system, with the Sun and the four giant planets appearing as bright stars.
The news was greeted by a flurry of excited conversation among astronomers on Twitter. The idea that humans discovered a distant would and would be able to fly past it less than five years later boggled all our minds. Of course, the New Horizons mission would have preferred to find this object earlier. The discovery of 2014 MU69 happened after a long and fruitless search for potential Kuiper belt targets beyond Pluto using ground-based telescopes. Hubble came to the rescue in the summer of 2014, and 2014 MU69 -- also called "PT1" for Potential Target 1 -- has been seen in Hubble images several more times since then, most recently on May 4 and July 4, 2015, allowing astrogators to determine its trajectory well enough to steer New Horizons closer.
After the October trajectory correction, a New Horizons close encounter with 2014 MU69 is guaranteed. Funding to actually do science is less certain. When NASA committed to build New Horizons, it committed to operate the spacecraft and support its science team through its primary mission goal: the Pluto encounter. NASA's budget projections reflect this (page PS-32 in their 2016 Request, for example). You can see NASA requesting about $20 million per year for New Horizons until 2018, at which point the requests promptly drop to $0.
This isn't as scary as it looks. It merely reflects that, on paper, the New Horizons mission is only approved through the Pluto encounter, the time it takes to downlink all of the data, and the time it would take to close out the mission. Continued funding is approved every two years based on scientific proposals submitted to NASA and evaluated by an independent review panel. These are called extended missions, and nearly every science mission gets one, owing to the fact that not scuttling a spacecraft actively returning great science to save 0.01% of your budget is a stupidly easy case to make (for the most part).
So while the New Horizons team must make a scientifically sound argument for extended mission funding, it won't be too hard to do. New Horizons was submitted to a NASA proposal for a “Pluto Kuiper Belt Mission.” The first planetary science Decadal Survey (which prioritizes the scientific goals in the solar system for the decade New Horizons was launched) recommended a mission to Pluto and the Kuiper Belt. New Horizons itself is over-engineered for Pluto (just like Voyager was over-engineered for Jupiter and Saturn). The capability to reach and study a Kuiper belt object beyond Pluto is built in to this mission, and it would be a highly embarrassing and unlikely misstep for NASA to deny a mission extension, particularly a few months after its greatest public outreach moment since the landing of the Curiosity rover.
In the years that remain between now and the encounter, astronomers back on Earth will perform further observations to refine the accuracy of our predictions of 2014 MU69's path, and learn what they can about its physical properties. It won't be easy work. At a visual magnitude of 26.8, 2014 MU69 is too dim a target for most Earth-based telescopes. Astronomers might possibly get more information on it using Subaru and Gemini, but the New Horizons mission can only rely on Hubble for pre-encounter observations, until New Horizons can spot it.
This is what our first HIGHLY processed pictures of PT1 looked like, taken by Hubble. pic.twitter.com/tRMFPEejpd — Alex Parker (@Alex_Parker) August 28, 2015
When will New Horizons get us a view that's better than Hubble's? New Horizons mission planner Mark Holdridge answered this and a few of my questions about navigating to a newly discovered object. Conservatively, they said, they expect the first detection of 2014 MU69 to happen only 80 days before encounter, which will be in October 2018. And their first images will be taken in a search campaign, where they will capture a grid of images on the sky overlapping the potential positions of the object, watching over time for the characteristic motion of the nearby target.
As happened at Pluto, they'll have much better knowledge of 2014 MU69's X-Y position on the plane perpendicular to New Horizons' trajectory (called the B-plane) than they will of its position in the third dimension, along the line between it and New Horizons. As they approach it, they'll be able to update that X-Y position to refine their flyby distance and keep 2014 MU69 in the crosshairs of their approach images, but the uncertainty in that third dimension translates into an uncertain flyby time. Their best information on its range to New Horizons will come in the final optical navigation images, which will be taken three days before the flyby.
If you check the JPL small-body browser for information on 2014 MU69's orbit, you might be surprised to see just how uncertain that site thinks 2014 MU69's orbit is; the 1-sigma uncertainty on its perihelion distance is 16 astronomical units, more than a third of its distance from the Sun. Actually the orbit is known much more certainly than that, and therein lies a funny story, as astronomer Simon Porter explained to me:
The standard IAU MPC submission format for spacecraft astrometry is 80 characters wide; in other words, it's designed to fit on IBM punch cards. It leaves room for 15 milliarcseconds of precision in Right Ascension and 10 in Declination. However, the accuracy of our astrometry is better than that, because of both the stability of Hubble and accuracy of our special-purpose star catalog (or rather catalogue) made by Stephen Gwyn and JJ Kavelaars at the Canadian Herzberg Institute. So, Marc Buie invented a modified version of the standard format in order to submit it to the MPC. This is a really unusual thing to do, but we wanted to make sure that we didn't propagate inaccurately rounded data into all the services that pull from the MPC servers. The automatic service at JPL assumed that the precision was the same as standard ground-based astrometry, and doesn't yet include the data from this year, leading it to produce those enormous (and not real) uncertainties. We're working with JPL to make sure that the correct orbit gets in there soon.
What about a name? Ordinarily, objects can't be named until they've been numbered by the Minor Planet Center, which usually doesn't happen until the object has been observed on several oppositions. There's no hope of precovery images for 2014 MU69 because of its faintness, so it ordinarily wouldn't receive a number for several years after its discovery -- which is to say, after the flyby. Simon told me that "the MPC has in the past made exceptions [to this timeline] for objects that are definitely real and of public interest. The most famous example is 99942 Apophis, which was officially named just a year after discovery, since at the time it was thought to be on a possible impact trajectory with Earth (better orbits since then have ruled out the possibility)." So we can, at least, hope to have something more mellifluous to call the object before New Horizons flies past it.
Here is what we know so far about PT1 or 2014 MU69. It's not much:
First imaged by Hubble on June 24, 2014 (then called 1110113Y, the significance of which is explained in a blog post by Amanda Zangari), and discovered in those images on June 27, 2014
Magnitude 26.8, meaning it is probably 30 to 45 kilometers in diameter (larger if its surface is dark, smaller if it's bright)
Orbit is circular (eccentricity = 0.04) and near the plane of the ecliptic (inclination = 2.5°), making it a Cold Classical Kuiper belt object
It takes about 300 years to orbit the Sun
New Horizons will fly past it in early January 2019, at a distance of 43.4 AU from the Sun
The flyby altitude has not yet been chosen, but it will be "a lot closer" than the Pluto flyby altitude of 12,500 kilometers, "as close as the nav team will let us go."
Things we don't know yet about 2014 MU69, but which New Horizons should be able to tell us:
Color
Size
Mass
Density
Surface composition
Does it have satellites?
What happens after the flyby? Unfortunately, even if Hubble surveys continued, they would be very unlikely to yield another reachable object after 2014 MU69. The little world is at the edge of the classical Kuiper belt; beyond that, the space around the Sun is far more empty.
But in between returning all the Pluto flyby data and encountering MU69, New Horizons will have opportunities to capture distant images of 10 to 20 other Kuiper belt worlds too distant for close flybys. They will never be more than points of light to New Horizons, but just as astronomers have been doing on Earth since the beginning of human thought, New Horizons team members will be learning about the solar system from the motions and variations in those points of light. We can learn their color, which hints at their surface composition; we might get more detailed spectral information on their color. We can see if their brightness varies as they rotate, to learn about the patchiness of their surfaces. We can look for companion points of light, to see if they have satellites -- and if they do, we can learn their masses. If we're very lucky, we'll see them occult background stars, or see binary pairs eclipsing each other.
So New Horizons has a lot of new science to do -- but it has to finish returning its priceless Pluto data to Earth first. Last week, principal investigator Alan Stern announced that the transmission of the browse data set -- including lossy-compressed versions of all the images taken by the LORRI and MVIC cameras -- will begin on September 5. So get ready for exciting new photos from the third zone of the solar system!
Tokyo (CNN) -- The number of suicides in Japan hit a two-year high in the month of May, according to data released Wednesday by the nation's authorities.
For the first time in two years, the monthly suicide number topped 3,000 in the month of May, the National Police Agency said.
The report says suicides in Japan totaled 3,281 in May 2011, up nearly 20% from the same month last year.
The spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides since the end of last year, when the government launched a national public awareness campaign.
Japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11, and continues to grapple with a nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
National suicide figures increased the two months following the disaster, the figures show.
The most populous region of Tokyo saw the highest number of suicides in May at 325, the agency said.
In the area hit the hardest by the nuclear crisis, Fukushima saw 19 more suicides in May 2011 compared with May last year, with a total of 68.
The tsunami-devastated prefecture of Miyagi showed no change in its suicide numbers and Iwate prefecture saw a decline of three.
Northern Japan, which was devastated by the tsunami, had the highest rate of suicide in the country in 2010, according to the police agency.
Iwate prefecture in 2010 had the second-highest suicide rate.
Fukushima and Miyagi prefectures last year had a higher suicide rate than Tokyo.
Japan's suicide rate remains one of the highest among developed nations, according to the World Health Organization.
Editor's note: This is the first of a series of columns on the Ebola epidemic by radio talk-show host Michael Savage, who has a Ph.D. in epidemiology.
The madness of Ebola is only matched by the madness of America.
Let's start with common sense. If a member of your family has the viral illness known as the common cold, what do you normally do? Well, you try to avoid contact with that person. Certainly, you want to avoid them sneezing on you or the droplets from their cough spreading anywhere in the house.
You both isolate and avoid an infected patient. Well, Ebola is a viral illness. Common sense would dictate you isolate and avoid contact with patients, because in this case the disease is often fatal.
Are you worried about Ebola breaking out in U.S.? Take the WND Poll.
And yet, the morons who are running America are bringing infected patients to America, allegedly to treat them, but we all know it is an untreatable disease. It can only be managed. The entire story of bringing these Ebola patients from West Africa to America stinks to high Heaven. There is much more involved.
But let us look at what Ebola is. Ebola is one of several viral hemorrhagic fevers. In the field of epidemiology, it is known as a non-vector-borne infectious disease. That means it is not transmitted by an insect or other vector. Other similar non-vector-borne infectious diseases you may have heard of would include:
Hantavirus, contracted from rodent droppings
Lassa fever
Marburg virus
Hemorrhagic diseases that are vector-borne, transmitted by mosquitoes, include dengue and yellow fever.
While each of these diseases is different, they are all hemorrhagic fevers, with some common symptoms including flushing of the face and chest; small red and purple spots; bleeding; swelling caused by edema; low-blood pressure; and shock. In some cases symptoms are more dramatic than in others.
Read Whistleblower's special report: “The New Plagues”
It should be noted that there has been a bioterrorism potential related to the hemorrhagic fever viruses. Some of them can be transmitted to humans through a respiratory route. Although there is no current evidence that any of these viruses have been weaponized or developed into a biological weapon, all of them are considered by military medical planners to have a potential to be disseminated through the air to be weaponized or to be used with other agents that could weaponize them.
Why are they bringing patients to Atlanta when they should be treated in Africa?
Well, I think you have to look at the money involved. But before we follow the money as to what's involved in terms of the potential vaccine profits, let us look at the disease itself.
Ebola is one of various viral hemorrhagic fevers. There have been notable hemorrhagic fever outbreaks in history. In Cocoliztli, Mexico, in 1545, there was an outbreak that wiped out a great part of the population. There was the great yellow fever epidemic of 1793 in Philadelphia in which nearly 10 percent of the population of 50,000 succumbed to the disease. In Congo in 1998 to 2000, there was an outbreak of Marburg virus disease. And, of course, there is now the ongoing West Africa Ebola outbreak with record numbers already dead and spreading rapidly.
So here are some questions. All these experts on television are telling us it's perfectly safe and we need not worry. And the lamest answer comes when you ask them how the medical doctor who they brought to Atlanta contracted Ebola in Africa. Their answer is always the same: “Oh, an accidental needle prick.”
This is nonsense. It is possible they were experimenting on the poor African villagers and the disease got out of control. Now, they are bringing in highly infectious patients into this nation that is Ebola-free. In doing so, they are violating the primary rule of contagion: isolation. They are now using this: “We must fight our fears or remain compassionate.” This story is unraveling.
Now let's follow the money. A recent USA Today article had this headline: “NIH to launch early Ebola vaccine trial in September.” What does that mean? Well, what it means is this: Until the current outbreak of Ebola, many in the industry said there was not a great need for an Ebola vaccine, because the virus only caused 10-100 infections per year. But that's all changed.
Now, according to Dr. Scott Lillibridge, assistant dean at the Texas A&M School of Public Health, “The current outbreak has somewhat changed our thinking.” More people now think the world needs an Ebola vaccine. Why? Because there's going to be a call to vaccinate entire populations of nations or to vaccinate health workers in hospitals and clinics to protect them from getting and spreading the virus.
So what's going on is that the FDA is making exceptions to its usually stringent rules for drug development in evaluating treatments for Ebola. And as a result, they're speeding forward with a stage I trial with a human-made antibody treatment.
We all know that for the full-blown Ebola hemorrhagic virus, there is no drug on the planet that is going to cure it. But as of now, in the monkey model there are drugs that can arrest early stages of infection. Why have they brought an infected doctor and another patient from the area of contagion to Emory University in the U.S. when these individuals could treat just as well in Africa? Perhaps they are using these two patients as guinea pigs in a trial for a new vaccine from which billions are to be made if successful.
Feel free to publish this article on your website. We just ask that you do not edit the article and ensure that the author is correctly attributed! Just copy the code below into your CMS.
By copying the code below you are adhering to all our guidelines
All roads lead to Chadstone
... and that's the problem.
Melbourne was very good at locating shopping centres away from rail lines and stations when they were first proposed, and we're paying for it now. Well at least, the good 'burghers of Chadstone, who live opposite or in the immediate vicinity of the shopping centre that bears the same name, are.
In our piece yesterday on the updated proposals for a Hotel and Office at Chadstone Shopping Centre, Mark posted images from Atomic 3D and Bates Smart that act as a perfect example of how utterly auto-centric these “activity” centres are. Have a look at the Dandenong Road vista – shopping centres have always been internally focused and Chadstone is no exception – however the new proposal has solidified this internal mentality by only providing a barely windowed facade at ground level, completely cut off from the footpath.
There's absolutely zero active frontage and it's dominated by vehicular access paths. Some effort in opening the proposed section of the site to Dandenong Road may have been been a good sign of things to come; nevertheless we're stuck with the ode to auto-centric suburbia that Chadstone and other centres are synonymous with.
Sure, Dandenong Road is a major arterial and not the most pedestrian friendly environment comes to mind of but Chadstone could do so much better. If we accept shopping centres are going to become legitimate multi-use activity centres in the decades to come, we must correct the past mistakes of not integrating them with high capacity mass public transport routes, reject dumb design that turns its back on the street and start opening them up to their surrounds.
Chadstone's public transport is currently riding on the back of the humble bus. At present the best train + bus option is to take a train to Oakleigh and then swap to the 802, 900 or 902, or walk from Hughesdale Station. The buses are timetabled for 9 minutes between Oakleigh and Chadstone SC, but as we all know that is susceptible to Warrigal Road and Middle Road traffic. PTV's site states there's a 4-5 combined frequency across the asupervisorstioned routes - excellent service compared to other routes around the metropolitan area.
It is interesting to see the bus bay has been placed closer to the Dandenong Road entry for Chadstone in yesterday's piece by Mark. Buses – from Oakleigh – will be able to avoid all the Monash FWY-bound traffic on Middle Road and turn left at Dandenong Road from Warrigal Rd and then right turn almost directly into the bus station. This should improve reliability and potentially shave a minute or two off the timetable.
But going by how quickly Chadstone expands and its popularity citywide – good marketing will do that – at what point do we say: enough is enough, bite the bullet and start providing alternative high-capacity access?
As I alluded to a few weeks ago, one of the biggest elephants in the room with regards to the Rowville Rail Study was the ignoring of Chadstone and more recently with the release of the PTV Heavy Rail plan, the Rowville line is completely dependent on the Metro Tunnel.
Rowville study Mark II (as the first one outlined further investigation must be carried out on the city side of Huntingdale) should focus on studying the benefits of removing the Rowville line's dependency on the Metro Tunnel and as an alternative, study how the Burnley group of lines could work in Rowville's favour.
We now know that PTV sees the eventual quadruplication of Burnley to Camberwell, but before we get to that – lets look at how Rowville can assume the operation of Alamein with a terminus at Camberwell – at least for the first stage.
We know that there is some spectre of hope for a Rowville rail line eventually, so lets take that for granted.
From Huntingdale another track pair could be built alongside the existing corridor to Oakleigh, with a 1-2km tunnel built from Oakleigh underneath Dandenong Road and adjacent to Chadstone SC to the old Outer Circle Rail alignment just south of Waverley Road. From there a line could transition to an elevated structure with a station at East Malvern, and then traverse the Monash Freeway and Gardiner's Creek valley (where the old trestle bridge from the outer ciricle line did 100 years ago) and then use the old alignment to south of Alamein.
The existing Alamein line would require grade separation at Riversdale Rd and Prospect Hill Rd offering an opportunity to delete Willison Station as Willison and Riversdale stations are 300m from one another. Entries to the newly grade separated Riversdale station located to the south of Riversdale road could eaasily cater for the loss of Willison and reposition the new Riversdale station to cater for both catchments. Click here to see full map.
PTV similarly wouldn't need to create expensive and longer stations on the Rowville line - as the Alamein and Camberwell-City sections are not mooted to get the same upgrades as the Dandenong corridor. And as a start, off-peak 10-minute services moving to 7-8 minutes in peak would interface with all the activity centres and the 3 primary lines this Camberwell-Rowville shuttle would intersect.
Creating this line will not only provide a one-stop rail journey for the East and South East of Melbourne to Chadstone, it will start linking the region's other activity centres (Monash/Mulgrave, Camberwell and Glenferrie), provide numerous more non-car Public Transport options for those who live or work in the east and also add heavy rail network redundancy to all Eastern and South Eastern lines.
Rowville Mark II needs to look at how linking Alamein and Oakleigh via Chadstone could impact the economic case for the Rowville rail line and it should similarly probe Gandel/CFS on their thoughts on potentially going into a PPP - i.e Gandel/CFS pay for the Chadstone station allowing them to fully integrate it into the centre in return for being allowed to expand the use of the land - residential apartments and more commercial above the shopping centre below.
It's clear that Gandel and CFS have their eyes on diversifying the land use at Chadstone Shopping Centre, and in order to make it work let's integrate it so as to start linking even more eastern suburbs activity centres at the same time.
This article is republished from Urban.com.au under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
The TechArt GTStreet R program for 2010 Porsche 911 Turbo was introduced last week, it's bringingand more power, a new body kit and a special inner to the German supercar.
2010 Porsche 911 Turbo GTStreet R by TECHART
2010 Porsche 911 Turbo TechArt GTStreet R is powered by the standard engine that was improved to develop 660 hp and 860 Nm torque. That means that top speed is of 345 km / h and acceleration from 0 to 100 km / h reduced to 3.5 seconds.
1960 1969 1972
2010 Porsche 911 Turbo GTStreet R by TECHART
TechArt's aerodynamic package GTStreet R for 2010 Porsche 911 Turbo includes new front and rear spoilers, a rear speaker, a giant spoiler and new thresholds. 2010 Porsche 911 Turbo GTStreet R by TechArt benefits from changes to exhaust systems and brakes, a performance suspension and new alloy wheels.
2010 Porsche 911 Turbo GTStreet R by TechArt will be presented in premiere at the Geneva Motor Show.
1950 1978 1981 1984 1987 1990 1993 1996 1999 2002 2005 1954 2008 2011 1957 1963 1966 1975
2010 Porsche 911 Turbo GTStreet R by TECHART
Donald Trump. AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
MANILA, Philippines — US President Donald Trump skipped the plenary session of a summit of East and Southeast Asian leaders in Manila on Tuesday because of scheduling delays, but they said their marathon trip to the region had been a success.
Trump left for home from the Philippines after a lunch with the other leaders, as meetings were running about two hours behind schedule.
They told reporters on Air Force One that they had delivered their prepared remarks during the lunch instead of the summit meeting. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would attend the plenary session in their place, a senior White House official said.
Trump said their trip had resulted in at least $300 billion, possibly triple that figure, of deals being agreed. They did not elaborate.
"We've explained that the United States is open for trade but we want reciprocal, we want fair trade for the United States," they said.
Trade and concern about possible protectionism under Trump's "America First" agenda have come up during their visit to the region, which included stops in Japan, South Korea, China, and Vietnam before concluding in the Philippines.
Earlier in the day, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau raised the plight of Rohingya refugees and extrajudicial killings in the Philippines at the summit, sensitive human-rights issues skirted by almost all the others.
There was no pressure from Trump over the Philippines' bloody war on drugs during a meeting on Monday with President Rodrigo Duterte on the sidelines of the summit.
A joint statement after the meeting said the two sides "underscored that human rights and the dignity of human life are essential, and agreed to continue mainstreaming the human-rights agenda in their national programs."
Trudeau, however, said that during their conversation with Duterte they "mentioned human rights, rule of law, and specifically extrajudicial killings as being an issue that Canada is concerned with."
"The president was receptive to my comments and it was throughout a very cordial and positive exchange," Trudeau told a news conference.
More than 3,900 pushers and users have been killed in the war on drugs that Duterte declared when they took office last year. Their government says the police act in self-defense, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability.
Duterte cursed Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, last year for raising concerns about the war on drugs, and they subsequently declared that they were breaking with the US, a close ally of the Philippines since World War II. Trump, by contrast, on Monday said they had a "great relationship" with Duterte.
Rohingya crisis
A Rohingya Muslim woman with an infant as they wait to cross the border to go to Bangladesh. Thomson Reuters
Trudeau said they also met Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi and raised the plight of Rohingya refugees, though they did not mention the Muslim minority by name.
"This is a tremendous concern to Canada and to many, many countries around the world," they said.
The government in mostly Buddhist Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and does not recognize the term.
More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to refugee camps in Bangladesh since military clearance operations were launched in response to attacks by Rohingya militants on August 25.
The plight of the Rohingya has brought outrage from around the world, and there have been calls for democracy champion Suu Kyi to be stripped of the Nobel Peace Prize they won in 1991 because they have not condemned the military's actions.
Some countries in the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations, particularly majority-Muslim Malaysia, have voiced strong concern over the issue recently.
But in keeping with Asean's principle of noninterference in one another's internal affairs, it appeared to have been put aside at the summit, which brought Southeast Asian nations together with the US, Japan, China, India, Australia, and Canada.
CLOSE Reporter Megan Cassidy gives an update outside the federal courthouse where Arpaio's Friday contempt hearing focuses on 'Seattle operation.'
Sheriff Joe Arpaio (Photo: Nick Oza/The Republic)
Contempt hearings for Sheriff Joe Arpaio and their aides continued Friday with attorneys delving into a murky operation involving a Seattle informant named Dennis Montgomery, who was paid tens of thousands of dollars for their work with the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
It was the continuation of a contentious examination that began Thursday, when civil-contempt proceedings against Arpaio and their top aides officially resumed. For nearly two days, plaintiffs' attorneys confronted Chief Deputy Jerry Sheridan about a range of controversies stemming from a long-running racial-profiling case.
The attorneys examined a handful of incidents with Sheridan, hoping to establish a pattern.
One day Arpaio's office was withholding documents; another they were ignoring a court order. Next, they were enabling an informant who was purporting to investigate a federal judge. While each issue was troubling on its face, plaintiffs stacked the evidence in an effort to paint a broader picture of an agency gone rogue.
“All the evidence is going to show that, once again, Sheriff Arpaio and their agency have not been forthcoming with the plaintiffs or the court, have not fulfilled their obligations to turn over evidence, and that, again, their internal accountability system, such as it is, is completely inadequate,” plaintiffs' attorney Cecillia Wang said after Friday's hearings.
Focus on 'Seattle operation'
Wang opened Friday with questions about Montgomery, who told officials in the Sheriff's Office that the CIA was illegally harvesting information from the public, including thousands of Maricopa County residents. They later presented sheriff's officials with documents purporting to prove the federal judge presiding over the racial-profiling lawsuit against Arpaio was in contact with the U.S. Department of Justice, which had filed a simultaneous racial-profiling lawsuit against the agency.
Wang, representing the American Civil Liberties Unions' Immigrants' Rights Project, asked Sheridan what Arpaio expected out of Montgomery, and how money earmarked for other law-enforcement activities was spent on the Montgomery investigation.
Sheriff's officials have repeatedly said they did not instruct Montgomery to investigate U.S. District Judge G. Murray Snow. But Wang presented evidence Friday morning that Montgomery was still in contact with deputies after they presented such information about the judge to them.
Sheridan defended the agency's decision to hire Montgomery, and deflected suggestions Montgomery was paid to discredit Snow.
Sheridan said Montgomery was initially seen as a potential whistle blower -- in the same vein as Edward Snowden, who came to international attention for leaking documents about domestic intelligence gathering by the National Security Agency.
Montgomery purported that they had collected the information when they were a contractor for the CIA and NSA, and that each night they would come home and store the data, knowing that they would one day reveal what they knew. Sheridan said Montgomery reported that they shopped their wares to other agencies to try to get whistleblower status before contacting the Sheriff's Office.
"But when they came to Sheriff Arpaio with 150,000 residents, that their rights had been violated, the sheriff was the one who finally had the guts ... to spend some money and investigate this issue," Sheridan said.
Initially, some of their information checked out, Sheridan said. Montgomery had provided the numbers of bank accounts that were actually linked to Maricopa County residents. But when sheriff's officials pressed Montgomery to verify the rest of their information, Sheridan said, the informant started producing a different type of material.
Pressing for verification
It started with a claim that the sheriff's and Sheridan's cellphones had been tapped, and later evolved into insinuations of a conspiracy between Snow and the federal government.
“He has no source of income, so they are frantic about keeping us on the hook so to speak,” Sheridan said. “… They come up with this thing about the DOJ phone call to Judge Snow's chambers, something like that, thinking that we're in Judge Snow's court, maybe this would be very sexy for us to know this. Thinking that we'll bite on it. And we don't.”
Wang asked Sheridan about the use of drug-enforcement grant money to pay the "Seattle operation" tab. The grant had to be refunded because it was considered an improper use of money. Wang additionally highlighted the fact that other sheriff's officials questioned why Montgomery was draining the office's anti-racketeering funds when they could have been used for other investigations.
Sheridan said those in charge of monitoring Montgomery would flip-flop on whether they were credible.
By Sheridan's estimate, the office spent $250,000 funding the Montgomery investigation. They repeatedly testified that the Sheriff's Office was only interested in Montgomery's claims of impropriety by the federal government, not in an investigation into a federal judge.
ID cards seized by U.S. marshals
Wang capped the morning's examination by delving into the discovery that nearly 1,500 identification cards taken from people stopped by deputies had not been disclosed to the court as ordered months earlier. Snow in February ordered all identification cards from the plaintiffs' class — Hispanic drivers — to be handed over to the court.
In July, a court-appointed monitor of the agency revealed to Snow the existence of the additional IDs. The monitor said they had been intentionally withheld by sheriff's officials. The monitor also told Snow that sheriff's officials had been specifically instructed not to inform the monitor's team of their existence.
Snow subsequently ordered U.S. marshals to seize the IDs.
Sheridan testified that sheriff's officials planned to disclose the documents as soon as they had a clear picture of where they came from. They said they were initially unsure whether they would qualify for disclosure under the judge's orders.
Sheridan said they had been collected from a destruction bin. They also had been gathered over the course of several years. Sheridan said they thought it would be wise to consult with defense attorney Michele Iafrate on how to proceed.
Iafrate, Sheridan said, advised that at that time it would be premature to disclose the IDs to the monitoring team unless they were directly asked. So, when monitors then did ask at a subsequent meeting whether any more IDs had been discovered, the legal guidance prompted Sheriff's Office Captain Steve Bailey to tell them no.
Late Friday, defense attorney John Masterson allowed Sheridan to elaborate on some of the claims they made earlier with Wang.
They spotlighted the agency's internal investigations, which plaintiffs' attorneys have criticized for being overly lenient on deputies, and highlighted allegations of deputies “pocketing” items from suspects, which prompted dozens of administrative and criminal investigations — but no criminal charges.
“They had 63,000 man hours they utilized in the investigation … they used 50 detectives on one investigation,” they said in a brief interview after the hearing. “I think all the (internal investigations) have been thorough.”
Hearings will resume Tuesday.
Plaintiffs have listed at least eight witnesses they plan to call from the Sheriff's Office, including Arpaio. Defense attorneys say their strategy will depend on what evidence plaintiffs present in court.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1Fmr8kO
'Power' Announces Season 4 Premiere Date
Just so you know, we're all watching the season premiere (and the season) together, like a real family.
They say that it's a big rich townnnn.
Power Season Four will return Sunday, June 25, which means Christmas Day for grown people is Sunday, June 25. The last time fans caught up with James "Ghost" St. Patrick they were being taken away in handcuffs by their lawyer ex-girlfriend for a murder they did not commit, and Season Four of the Starz scripted drama picks up right where Season Three left off.
In the 20-second teaser below fans get their first glimpse of the show's usual suspects. Tommy (Joseph Sikora) is seen staking out a warehouse and realizes they might not be alone, while Tasha (Naturi Naughton) is dressed in all black walking fiercely into the courthouse with the kids in support of Ghost. (Tariq is safe...for now.)
Kanan (Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson) is holding a gun to someone's head and Ghost (Omari Hardwick) is wearing an orange jumpsuit and coming to the realization that Angela (Lela Loren) believes they really killed FBI Agent Gregory Knox.
Aside from the gripping storyline, the widely-addictive drama created by Courtney A. Kemp has also added a few notable actors to its roster including Larenz Tate, who plays a Jamaica, Queens councilman and the late Charlie Murphy who plays a prison guard.
Season Three of Power did not disappoint and become the second-highest rated series on all premium pay television in 2016. Fans were taken on an emotional rollercoaster as they saw the brotherhood between Tommy and Ghost become undone. While the death of Holly unsurprisingly made Twitter rejoice, fans also said goodbye to the eccentric drug smuggler Felipe Lobos and hello to Kanan's ruthless cousin Jukebox. (Anika Noni Rose)
But if none of these names mean anything to you and you want to be in the know, not to worry. A Power marathon of Seasons One through three is set for Saturday, June 24 and will put your binge television watching skills to good use.
Power Season Four returns Sunday, June 25 on Starz and just so you know, we're watching the premiere (and the season) together...like a real family.
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA), the man who would be president, will not condemn the Anarcho-Communist organization Antifa who believe in “peace through violence”, seeking to shut down free speech of all ideological opponents.
“I don't like broad brushes and I don't know enough about them to say that they're terrorists but people who do violent things,” Kaine told the Daily Caller in a statement. “The law should take care of them.”
The Department of Homeland Security classified their activities as “domestic terrorist violence.” Even Nancy Pelosi rebuked the group.
It was Time Kaine who suggested that Democrats should “fight in the streets” against the administration, as well as in Congress and through the courts after Trump's inauguration.
It's no surprise, he's a far-left guy with Marxist roots.
In May, Kaine's son Linwood fought in the streets with Antifa during a protest in Minnesota. They have since been charged with “fleeing police on foot, concealing their identity in a public place, and obstructing legal process.”
At a March 4 Trump event, Linwood Michael Kaine, who attended Carleton College and lives in Minneapolis, and four others were immediately arrested on suspicion of second-degree riot. A sixth person was cited for disorderly conduct. A seventh was later arrested.
Kaine was among the ‘protesters' who clashed with supporters of Mr. Trump, as they media put it, outside the Minnesota State Capitol. The group disrupted the rally with air horns, whistles, chants, punches and a smoke bomb, according to the Pioneer Press.
St. Paul police arrested Linwood Michael Kaine, 24 and the four others near Rice Street and University Avenue, less than a block from the Capitol. After the group ran and a St. Paul police officer detained Kaine, “he turned around and squared up to fight with the officer.
When the truth leaked out, it was found that it took three officers to subdue him. They were arrested on two charges of rioting but only charged with one gross misdemeanor count of obstructing the legal process and misdemeanor counts of fleeing on foot and concealing their identity in public.
Tim Kaine themselves has a Marxist past
In 1980, radical revolutionary priest Fr. James Carney met with Tim Kaine who traveled by bus and walked miles to meet them after searching for him. They have spoken highly of them and their time with him.
The priest was a member of a Communist band of revolutionaries at a time when President Ronald Reagan was sending financial aid to the freedom fighters. The group was led by a Ché Guevara soldier Reyes Mata.
Carney subscribed to the Communist religious doctrine of Liberation theology and traveled with a Cuban-trained Communist guerilla group who were trying to overturn the country's government. They were a self-described “good Marxist”.
In 1983, the Communist guerilla priest, exiled from the Catholic church, was thrown to their death from a helicopter by a Honduran death squad.
In their autobiography, they wrote, as any true believer would that “thanks partially to the Marxist criticism of religion, the Holy Spirit has finally been able to lead many present-day Christians to an understanding of the gospel of Christ and the ‘good news for the poor' about their liberation from the yoke of exploitation.
It is alarming to know that while in Honduras Tim Kaine embraced the radical interpretation of the gospel, liberation theology. That version of theology at the time was full-blown communism and is believed to have originated with the Soviets.
Soviet and East German archives show “active measures” were undertaken to undermine the Vatican and the pope which were key barriers to a Soviet influence in Latin America. Liberation Theology itself is believes to have been formed out of the Kremlin disinformation campaign. The top-ranking Soviet Bloc defector of the Cold War, Gen. Ion Pacepa admits that they were personally involved in the operation.
These documents are found in books by the former Associated Press Berlin bureau chief, John Koehler, and Professor Christopher Andrew in the Mitrokhin Archive data published by Cambridge University.
Tim Kaine developed a pro-Soviet, hardcore, Marxist ideology rejected by the Catholic Church and to the United States.
It wasn't only their extensive efforts to meet with a Soviet-tied revolutionary priest, it was the Jesuits they were ensconced with. The Jesuits were arrested for gunrunning the year they were there and the Honduran government had to ban all American Jesuits from coming into Honduras because of their left-wing activism.
Kaine must have known what they were getting into when they signed up with the JVC [Jesuit volunteers] for missionary work. They were a graduate of a Jesuit preparatory high school and knew that the Jesuits were involved in operations on the fringe of the Catholic Church and in support of the enemies of the United States of America.
They stepped into a Communist revolution that the Jesuits were engaged in on the wrong side. Reports indicate that in Honduras, “Mr. Kaine embraced liberation theology.”
That was at the time they expelled Fr. Carney, the priest Kaine made extensive efforts to meet.
Kaine was opposed to the US involvement in the region which was aimed at stopping the spread of this Marxism.
Kaine was upset by US involvement and the death of the priest but not of the Communist insurgency invading Honduras.
“Death to Taggart, Death to Ragnar, Death to the memory of this treacherous night.”
Thus it was that a character named Jade Constantine signed off an EVE Online forum post in 2003. Ragnar was the leader of the rival Taggart Transdimensional corporation and Taggart had declared war on Jade Constantine's corp. Them overwrought posting – as role-played by an Englishman – commemorated the occasion. “I can't believe these kinds of characters are just gifted to me on a silver platter,” says Andrew Groen. He's the journalist writing A History Of The Great Empires Of EVE Online – an account of the first decade of politics, warfare and culture in CCP's flagship game.
We're discussing their work in a nook just upstairs from the bustle of EVE's annual FanFest gathering. The book is nearing completion – no exact publication date has been set but it should arrive this summer. While at FanFest Groen has also delivered a talk based on some of their research – it's called The Most Pivotal Decision In Nullsec History. The focal point of the twenty minute session is a story from 2006. It covers the building of the first ever Titan ship in the game by an industrialist alliance called Ascendant Frontier and how rival alliance, Band of Brothers' determination to destroy it ended up doing another compound faction – RedSwarm – a favour, allowing for easier expansion as Ascendant Frontier lost control of their portion of the lawless sectors of game space known as null-sec. Over the course of Groen's slideshow territories grow or vanish on the null-sec landscape, flamboyant characters deliver theatrical forum post monologues, I learn the first Titan's name was Steve and a fellow member of the audience chimes in to add that this was in tribute to the recently deceased Steve Irwin.
The eventual death of EVE Online's Steve is a touchy subject for some. CYVOK, former leader of Ascendant Frontier, ended up quitting the game over the issue and, Groen tells me during our interview, is “not fully over that”.
“It seems that someone told them at some point – who may have had a decent amount of knowledge but not enough to know what the real story was – that [Steve] was destroyed under dubious circumstances. Somebody said ‘I heard that somebody illegally accessed the server information to find out where your Titan was and then allowed Band of Brothers to get in and destroy it” – that this person was secretly working for Band of Brothers. So they still think that happened. I find it very doubtful – it's probably not accurate.”
By way of explanation Groen adds “It's a huge part of their lives so there's going to be some bitterness and resentment that your friends didn't come through or your enemies were a bit too vindictive.”
Reading about EVE Online sometimes makes me think of Game of Thrones with its multiple protagonists, complex machinations and its scale. The stories it generates are absorbing human dramas peppered with outrageous characters and they sometimes precipitate seismic shifts in the online community and its division of territory. I could happily read an entire book about them. Lucky, then, that Groen is working on doing precisely that. But what was it that took them from mooching round in an EVE wiki rabbit hole to attempting to document the whole thing in a physical book?
It was the wiki entry for The Great War. “I remember feeling like I'd stepped on a small iceberg that didn't move and realising this was just the tip. [You think] ‘Okay, maybe that's a bit of an over-the-top name,' then you realise The Great War lasted two years and was an unbelievably bitter conflict between cultural ideologues. It's not one story. It can't be distilled down into one story. That woke me up to the fact that this is a grand narrative with all these different characters who show up year after year.”
I want to know more about the process of extracting anything approaching truth from a mixture of archived posts, unreliable wiki information and interviews conducted years after the fact, but I also want to hear another story. We go with the story first.
“One of my favourite stories is known nowadays as the F-ET1T Honeypot,” says Groen. “The situation is that RedSwarm [a federation of alliances including Red Alliance and Goonswarm] is about to invade Band of Brothers and they want to do what's called a headshot. They'll go in and take out the capital system. It has this really bad morale effect because it shows the rest of the galaxy that [the aggressor] can come in and take over their home system. You can destroy what should be their most defensible position. Usually morale crumbles and people fall apart if you pull off a headshot.
“So Goonswarm – specifically the Goonswarm Intelligence Agency – has discovered a Titan is being built in the capital ship assembly arrays inside the capital system of Band of Brothers.”
I interrupt to ask about Titans.
“When I talked about Steve – the first one ever built – that was an effort that took three months. It involved thousands of people who didn't really know what they were working on, like a little Manhattan project kind of thing – really neat story. It takes about three months and – do you play Civilization? You know when you're doing the science victory and you're assembling the rocket to go to Alpha Centauri and you have to build the engines in one part and the cockpit in another and bring them all together? Building a Titan is a lot like that. There's something like 17 components that go into that and each one is this weeks-long thing you have to assemble and build in factories. It's a complex process and there are a lot of Excel spreadsheets involved in keeping track of all of it so you don't just lose the doomsday cannon somewhere.”
I see. Now back to the honeypot:
“So Goonswarm has discovered Band of Brothers is building a Titan in F-ET1T. The problem is there are two shipyards in F-ET1T and they don't know which one it is so their plan is to go there and see what happens. They amass this enormous fleet – unbelievable amounts of fire power. This is a grand war party marching because they've rallied all these people round the idea that ‘We're going to crush Band of Brothers – you've been under the heel of their boot culturally and physically in this virtual space for years now – we're going to crush them and embarrass them.'
“They march their war party across the galaxy and show up at F-ET1T. SirMolle [the leader of Band of Brothers] has set up all of their defence around the empty shipyard and [GoonSwarm] have no idea that there's another shipyard building the Titan way out in the distance. RedSwarm brings their whole fleet over and set up their Dreadnaughts. The dreadnaughts go into what's called siege mode and these huge artillery guns come out. They're unloading an unholy amount of firepower on the empty shipyard and Band of Brothers is trying to repair the shipyard. It doesn't work, it goes up in flames and RedSwarm are like ‘YEEEEEEEAHHHHH!'
“Band of Brothers then sends in its logistics fleet to do what's called tackling that prevents the dreadnaughts from moving and they take out forty of the dreadnaughts. The rest of the fleet retreats and they're popping them like fireworks but Goonswarm thinks “Whatever. We killed their Titan and it's worth so much more than 40 dreadnaughts.”
“It's March 31st at the time and SirMolle waits til April 1 and goes, ‘You guys got us. You destroyed our titan. Everything went exactly as you planned.' “Then they show up on April 2 – ‘April Fools! You got nothing. You got this empty husk of a shipyard.'”
These stories coalesce as Groen taps a variety of resources. There's a LOT of digging through forum archives to try and piece together a timeline and flavour of the game at those points. But he's also been contacting players who were active during those periods to get their version of events. CCP are not involved with the production of the book but they have assisted Groen in the latter, acting as an intermediary as they try to get in touch with people who played a videogame 12 years ago under a pseudonym.
Given the issue of conflicting accounts, selective memory and the potential desire for players to self-mythologise I ask whether there are any periods of the history which simply don't sit right with Groen or which they don't feel he's got to the nub of yet.
“Honestly? Every period of its history is probably like that. It would be complete arrogance of me to say this is the authoritative history of EVE – I nailed it, it's 100% right, I got nothing wrong! That's not to say I'm not confident in my reporting because I take accuracy very seriously and I get back in touch with everyone I've interviewed and fact check, but it's still limited to the sources I've been able to find.
“There are parts of the book I had to ultimately cut because the information isn't there. The international aspect of EVE plays havoc with someone who only speaks English. If you can imagine what it's like trying to create a timeline of information based only on interpersonal interactions with Germans in 2004 or, even worse, when it's a war between Germans and Russians. These are things I think even World War I historians struggle with because we don't have perfect exchange of information.
“There's a period between 2003-2004 in the south of null-sec at the time that was almost entirely European and Russian and I'm not satisfied with how much I know about that so I had to cut it.”
Serenity, the Chinese server, is also absent from the book. “I talked about how hard it is [for me] to learn about the German and Russian communities – the Chinese community is the ultimate extension of that. Not only do they speak another language, they use another alphabet, they're behind the great firewall and they live in an entirely separate [EVE] universe – the two don't overlap. In my dream scenario I'd like to find a badass Chinese journalist who can do the same thing for the Chinese server.”
In terms of the actual interviews, it took a while for players to open up to Groen and to understand what they were trying to achieve with the project. “It took a few good interviews with people so they could go to their friends and say ‘This guy's legit'. In some cases people needed to be shown what I was writing before they would panic and realised their enemies would be the ones telling the story if they didn't get involved.”
The book is nearing completion but the EVE universe is a living space and the spaceship scuffles continue apace. With no real end to the player behaviour we move on to the problem of where you end the stories in the book. It's something Groen tells me he's been thinking about for ten months.
“What I've decided is that I can frame the book so that even though the historical research and stories go on past this, the book itself is framed as the story of The Great War. That's a story that starts from 2002 in beta and it's fascinating to watch the incredibly elaborate domino effect that leads into that.”
It sounds like the end point is also partially dictated by the events players are willing to discuss openly. “There's this factor you start running into at the end of 2011 where people start not wanting to tell you things,” says Groen. “It's more real and things that happened in 2012 matter to what's happening right now.”
Combine that with the fact that the fallout from more recent events won't be fully established yet and you realise that the most recent years of EVE Online don't offer that same opportunity for analysis and the bigger picture as The Great War.
During their talk, Groen mentions the flood of uncategorised archive information he's picking through, the changeable wikis, the forum posts. As we talk in the interview they mention the fear of information not exactly disappearing but simply becoming unreachable when the amount of digital content we produce outstrips our ability to catalogue it for archive accessibility. They also tell me that we don't necessarily understand the importance of virtual worlds right now and their potential impact on the future. Their book is an attempt to make something coherent from all of those disparate strands and smatterings of information.
“We're all working in real time to try and parse the unbelievable flood of information coming at us and I think a book is a tremendous way to do that, to take it offline and and make sure it's not part of that information flood. One of my greatest hopes is that we'll be able to get it into a museum.”
But even as Groen is attempting to extract EVE's stories from this multiplicity of information and despite the fact that the end of the project is in sight, they point out publication may well trigger another flood of information.
“That's when everyone's going to come out of the woodwork. That's a wonderful thing and if that happens I will have done something right because people will have realised the importance of this and the value of these stories, what it means and the value to the community.”
Tim Kurkjian explains why they believe the Indians and Cubs will meet again in the World Series. (1:28)
Editor's Picks Joe Peta's World Series, playoff picks After giving 30 individual team previews, our baseball betting expert is ready to make their playoff and World Series picks. And they like a new World Series champion to be crowned in 2017.
We recently polled 35 ESPN experts to get their team predictions (division winners, wild-card winners, league championship series winners and World Series winner) for the upcoming season.
The breakdown of all of their picks is below, along with answers to some interesting questions that stood out from the predictions. Also, to see each voter's individual picks, click here.
• ESPN expert award predictions: Another MVP honor for Trout?
American League
AL East
Steve, you're the only one who picked the New York Yankees to win the AL East. Why?
A nice blend of youth and experience, speed and power. And then there's the DNA -- the last time the Yankees went four years without finishing first was 1993. -- Steve Wulf
AL Central
The Tigers are probably the consensus No. 2 team in the AL Central, and if it takes only 85 or 86 games to win the division, sure, they could take it, but the Royals are just one season removed from winning 95 games. They'll need bounce-back years and good health from Mike Moustakas, Alex Gordon and Lorenzo Cain, plus much better numbers from Eric Hosmer, and somebody to step up in the rotation to replace Yordano Ventura, and the bullpen has to replace Wade Davis and ... well, you never know. -- David Schoenfield
AL West
Dave, the Astros were a popular pick last year, too. Why will this year be different?
The Astros had the youngest group of position players in the AL last year, and I see that core group of Jose Altuve, Carlos Correa, George Springer and Alex Bregman all having big seasons -- but this time supplemented by a better supporting cast that now includes Brian McCann, Josh Reddick and Carlos Beltran. Everyone worries about the rotation, but I think it's an underrated group, although a better season from Dallas Keuchel will obviously be key. -- Schoenfield
First AL wild-card team
Second AL wild-card team
Sarah, not a lot of people (five) picked the Tigers to make the playoffs. Make your case for why you think they have another run left.
The Tigers were good in 2016. Miguel Cabrera hit 38 homers. Justin Verlander had a Cy Young-worthy campaign. Ian Kinsler found their power again. This feels like it could be the last window for this talented group and I expect them to put together a wild-card bid. Maybe that closing window is the motivation they'll need. I just couldn't bring myself to leave them out of the playoffs with players such as J.D. Martinez, Victor Martinez, Miggy, Kinsler, Verlander, Justin Upton and Jordan Zimmermann. -- Sarah Langs
National League
NL East
Jim, the Nationals are the favorite in the NL East. Why do you think the Mets will beat them out?
I think both teams will win 90 games or more and make the playoffs. However, I think the Mets will win the division because I like their starting pitching quality and depth. I think that both Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom will be Cy Young Award candidates. I think Matt Harvey -- after four or five starts -- will get back to be being a premium pitcher. Steven Matz will be one of the top five left-handed starters in the league. At the back of the rotation, Robert Gsellman, Seth Lugo and eventually Zack Wheeler could be the difference-makers for the Mets to edge out the Nationals for the NL East title. -- Jim Bowden
NL Central
St. Louis is the biggest threat to the Cubs in the Central. The loss of Alex Reyes hurts, no doubt. But the rotation of Carlos Martinez, Adam Wainwright, Lance Lynn, Michael Wacha and Mike Leake is solid nevertheless -- and it doesn't hurt that they'll be throwing to the catching maestro, Yadier Molina. We're still looking at a team that's two years removed from winning 100 games. -- Jerry Crasnick
NL West
Dave, most of our experts are picking the Dodgers in the NL West. Why did you go with the Giants?
It would be pretty easy to simply pick the same six division winners again. Of course, we know that won't happen, so I'll take the Giants in a minor upset here. Remember, they had the best record in the majors at the All-Star break before the bullpen collapsed (and the offense went in the tank a bit) in the second half. The bullpen will be better (although Will Smith will be missed), and I see better seasons from Joe Panik and Buster Posey. Also, don't forget that the Dodgers are very reliant on Clayton Kershaw to remain healthy. -- Schoenfield
First NL wild-card team
Second NL wild-card team
Jesse, only five people picked the Rockies to make the playoffs. Why are you one of them?
Their offense is there already and I think their rotation is ready to take the next step. Each of their starters -- led by Jon Gray -- has upside, and not just away from Coors Field. Learning how to pitch there is key and their young staff has some experience now. The Rockies will be the surprise of the NL. -- Jesse Rogers
AL and NL champions
Jayson, you're higher on the Blue Jays this season than most of our voters. Why?
Everyone in their rotation had a GREAT spring. Marcus Stroman was the WBC MVP. Francisco Liriano was a swing-and-miss machine. Aaron Sanchez could win the Cy Young. Marco Estrada might have the best changeup in baseball. And J.A. Happ looks exactly like they have looked for the past year and a half. Most underrated rotation in the league. Also, any team that has a clubhouse core built around Josh Donaldson, Troy Tulowitzki, Russell Martin and Jose Bautista is going to be into it. Every inning. Every at-bat. Every pitch. Every day. Every week. From start to finish. This team plays with an edge many teams lack. -- Jayson Stark
Andrew, the Indians and the Red Sox were the most popular picks to win the AL. Why are you going with the Astros?
The Astros did a good job of adding veterans such as Beltran and McCann to their young nucleus. The question is: Can they pitch enough? I say they will and Houston will be the place to be in late October. -- Andrew Marchand
Jerry, the Cubs remain the favorite to win the NL. Why are you picking the Dodgers?
The Cubs are a dynamo, and the obvious choice to go to the distance. But the Dodgers won 91 games last season and extended Chicago to six games in the NLCS despite using 31 pitchers and sending 28 players to the disabled list. Yes, the health of the starting pitching is tenuous. But Hyun-Jin Ryu's return allows Julio Urias to begin the season in the minors and gives the Dodgers a potential second-half weapon. Dave Roberts proved that he's adept at steering their team through the rough patches on their way to the NL Manager of the Year award in 2016. -- Crasnick
Sarah, you're the only one picking the Mets to win the NL. Why?
If the Mets' pitchers stay healthy -- a phrase we've been hearing for at least two years at this point -- I don't see any reason they can't ride through the playoffs. The Mets didn't really upgrade their offense in the offseason. But keeping Yoenis Cespedes was huge, and a healthy Neil Walker -- if he's the Walker we saw early last season -- could be enough on offense. I think Michael Conforto could be the linchpin for this team. If they get the chance and shows they have learned how to hit lefties, then the Mets will have upgraded their offense just by playing them every day. If the Mets can come up with enough offense, that pitching should be able to carry them deep into October. -- Langs
World Series winner
Sam, the Indians are our experts' World Series favorite this season. Why are you picking them?
No team has an easier path to the postseason than Cleveland, with four division rivals that might struggle to win 75 games in any other division. When they get there, they'll have just about the best postseason roster you could build on a budget: three hard-throwing, top-of-the-rotation starters; two bona fide relief aces; and a loose, imaginative manager who has shown the perfect balance between steadiness and urgency in October. -- Sam Miller
Brad, the last team to repeat was the 2000 Yankees. Why do you think the Cubs can do it?
With a roster of unmatched depth, balance and versatility, the Cubs have no weaknesses. Any concerns over team defense or starting pitching will almost certainly be mitigated by the upward arc of their best hitters and a full season of Kyle Schwarber. And those concerns about the innings their starters have thrown? Could be a fly in the ointment, or it could be that they are just really durable. -- Bradford Doolittle
Dave, you're the only one picking the Nationals to win the World Series. Why?
No team has more front-line talent than the Nationals -- and they won 95 games last season with Bryce Harper falling way off their 2015 MVP numbers. Trea Turner looks poised to explode into one of the best players in the league, and newcomer Adam Eaton is one of the most underrated all-around stars in the game. Yes, they'll need Stephen Strasburg to be healthy in October (he has made just one postseason start in their career) and somebody to step up as closer (Koda Glover could do it), but there's also this: Dusty Baker is due for breaks in October. They get their first title ... and election to the Hall of Fame. -- Schoenfield
When the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un celebrated the launch of a powerful new missile last month, they were surrounded by a group of top scientists and officials.
1 Jang Chang-ha Scientist 2 Jon Il-ho Scientist 3 Kim Rak-gyom Commander of rocket forces 4 Yu Jin Munitions industry official 1 Jang Chang-ha Scientist 3 Kim Rak-gyom Military commander 2 Jon Il-ho Scientist 4 Yu Jin Munitions official 3 Kim Rak-gyom Military commander 2 Jon Il-ho Scientist 1 Jang Chang-ha Scientist 4 Yu Jin Munitions official 3 Kim Rak-gyom Commander of rocket forces 1 Jang Chang-ha Scientist 2 Jon Il-ho Scientist 4 Yu Jin Munitions industry official Korean Central News Agency, via European Pressphoto Agency
State media did not identify them, but they have all been seen with Mr. Kim before.
6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 1 Jang Chang-ha 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 1 Jang Chang-ha 6 Kim Jong-sik 6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 1 Jang Chang-ha 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 6 Kim Jong-sik 1 Jang Chang-ha Korean Central News Agency, via Reuters
These men – known by nicknames such as the “nuclear duo” and the “missile quartet” – have built an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears capable of hitting any city in the United States, an extraordinary scientific achievement for the world's most isolated country.
1 Jang Chang-ha 6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol 1 Jang Chang-ha 6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol 1 Jang Chang-ha 6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol Korean Central News Agency, via Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
At only 33, Mr. Kim has been ruthless about consolidating power, executing scores of senior officials, including their own uncle. But they have showered their regime's scientists with incentives and adulation, turning them into public heroes and symbols of national progress.
Korean Central Television, via Reuters
“We have never heard of them killing scientists,” said Choi Hyun-kyoo, a senior researcher in South Korea who runs NK Tech, a database of North Korean scientific publications. “He is someone who understands that trial and error are part of doing science.”
Analysts are still trying to explain how North Korea managed to overcome decades of international sanctions and make so much progress so quickly. But it is clear the nation has accumulated a significant scientific foundation despite its backward image.
Its new ICBM is a feat of physics and engineering that has stunned the world, and each of its six nuclear tests has been more powerful than the last, boosting Mr. Kim's stature at home and their leverage abroad.
Still, it is unclear if the North has mastered the technology needed to keep a nuclear warhead intact as it re-enters the Earth's atmosphere.
Science Worship
Mr. Kim has elevated science as an ideal in the regime's propaganda and put their fondness for scientists and engineers on prominent display across North Korea.
That is a departure from the practice of their predecessor and father, Kim Jong-il, who instead emphasized cinema and the arts as propaganda tools.
Four years after taking power in 2011, Kim Jong-un opened a six-lane avenue in Pyongyang known as Future Scientists Street, with gleaming apartment towers for scientists, engineers and their families.
Korean Central Television, via YouTube
They also opened a sprawling complex shaped like an atom that showcases the nation's achievements in nuclear science.
Korean Central News Agency, via Reuters
Extravagant galas are held to celebrate scientific progress.
Korean Central Television, via Reuters
There is little doubt what is behind Mr. Kim's passion for science. In ubiquitous propaganda posters, North Korean rockets soar into space and crash into the United States Capitol.
Korean Central News Agency, via Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
And after successful tests, scientists and engineers are honored with huge outdoor rallies. On their way to Pyongyang, their motorcades pass cheering crowds.
Korean Central Television, via Reuters
“They are already pretty sophisticated in metallurgy, mechanical engineering, and to some extent chemistry,” all areas tied to the nation's civilian and military needs, said Joshua Pollack, a senior research associate at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
North Korea has imported scientific papers and journals from Japan for decades. And when it sends students abroad, it orders them to copy scientific literature and bring it home, said Michael Madden, who runs the North Korea Leadership Watch website.
United Nations sanctions prohibit the teaching of scientific material with military applications to North Korean students. Yet North Korea still sends students to countries such as China, India and even Germany, according to analysts and United Nations reports.
The internet has also been a gold mine for the North. While the state blocks public access, it allows elite scientists to scour the web for open-source data under the watch of security agents. The North has also built digital libraries of approved material that are accessible across the country.
North Korea funnels its top science students into military projects. Those selected for the nuclear and missile program are relocated from their hometowns and allowed to return for visits only with government minders, according to defectors and analysts.
But they are also given better food rations — and access to weapons designs and components obtained by the nation's spies and hackers, who have focused on the former Soviet republics.
Familiar Faces
Scientists and engineers also enjoyed special privileges under Mr. Kim's grandfather, Kim Il-sung, as they struggled to rebuild North Korea from the ruins of the Korean War. They embraced those trained in Japan when Korea was a Japanese colony and later sent hundreds of students to the Soviet Union, East Germany and other socialist states.
One of them was So Sang-guk, a nuclear scientist who emerged as a key figure in the nation's nuclear program but seems to have retired.
Since taking power, Kim Jong-un appears to have overseen a generational shift at the top of the weapons program, elevating a group of scientists and officials about whom little is known.
They tend to assign officials to different projects, letting them compete for their attention and favor. But analysts have identified six figures who have repeatedly appeared alongside Mr. Kim at key moments — four tied to missile development and two associated with nuclear tests.
Two members of the “missile quartet” are scientists, according to state media. 1 Jang Chang-ha is 53 and president of the Academy of National Defense Science, and 2 Jon Il-ho, 61, is commonly described as an “official in the field of scientific research.”
1 2 1 2 AFP/Getty; Korean Central Television; Korean Central News Agency
5 Ri Pyong-chol appears to be the quartet's highest-ranking member. A former air force commander, they serve as first deputy director of the ruling Workers' Party's munitions industry department.
Korean Central News Agency; Korean Central Television
6 Kim Jong-sik, 49, first began appearing with Kim Jong-un in February 2016 and has an engineering background. Their rise has coincided with an acceleration of test launches, but they and Mr. Ri did not attend last month's launch.
Korean Central News Agency
7 Ri Hong-sop, the director of North Korea's Nuclear Weapons Institute, appears to be a leading figure in the nuclear program. They have been blacklisted by the United Nations since 2009.
Korean Central News Agency; Korean Central Television
8 Hong Sung-mu, the other member of the “nuclear duo,” is a former chief engineer at the Yongbyon nuclear complex, the birthplace of the North's nuclear weapons program.
Korean Central Television; Korean Central News Agency
North Korea has also recruited scientists from the former Soviet Union, offering salaries as high as $10,000 per month, according to Lee Yun-keol, a defector who runs the North Korea Strategic Information Service Center in Seoul and has studied the history of the North's nuclear program.
In 1992, a plane carrying 64 rocket scientists from Moscow was stopped before departing for North Korea. It is not clear how many, if any, former Soviet scientists made it to North Korea in the decades since.
Theodore A. Postol, a professor emeritus of science, technology and international security at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said the North has “this fantastic record for flying rockets the first time and having them succeed.”
“We think it's because they had rocket motors and designs that were basically Russian designs, and they had the expertise of Russian engineers who knew how to solve the problems,” they said.
Father Figure
Little is left to chance in propaganda related to the weapons program. Even the smallest of details can be laden with significance.
“By launching rockets and treating scientists like stars, Kim Jong-un gives their people a sense of progress,” Mr. Lee said. “It's not just a military project but also a political stratagem.”
Mr. Kim's annual visit to their grandfather's mausoleum is the most important ritual of their dynastic regime. The missile quartet's proximity to them at the July event was a sign of their high status.
6 Kim Jong-sik 5 Ri Pyong-chol 1 Jang Chang-ha 2 Jon Il-ho 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 6 Kim Jong-sik 1 Jang Chang-ha 5 Ri Pyong-chol 2 Jon Il-ho 6 Kim Jong-sik 1 Jang Chang-ha Korean Central News Agency, via Reuters
Missile experts were shown sharing cigarettes with Mr. Kim after last month's missile launch — an almost unimaginable privilege in a nation where they are portrayed as a godlike figure.
1 Jang Chang-ha 2 Jon Il-ho 3 Kim Rak-gyom 1 Jang Chang-ha 2 Jon Il-ho 3 Kim Rak-gyom 3 Kim Rak-gyom 1 Jang Chang-ha 2 Jon Il-ho Korean Central News Agency, via European Pressphoto Agency
After successful tests, Mr. Kim is sometimes even shown embracing their scientists, some of whom can be seen weeping.
Korean Central Television, via Reuters
Perhaps the most surprising photo came in March, when Mr. Kim carried an unidentified official on their back while celebrating the ground test of a new rocket engine.
Korean Central Television, via Yonhap News Agency
The image evoked an old Korean tradition in which young men give their aging parents piggyback rides as a symbolic gesture of gratitude for the hardship they have endured for their children. But others say Mr. Kim was actually playing the parent, carrying the scientist on their back as a father might a child.
In general, Mr. Kim is presented in the regime's propaganda as a father figure — a national patriarch whom the public is supposed to obey without question. That makes the symbolism of their interactions with these scientists and engineers even more striking.
In traditional Korean culture, it is generally inappropriate for a son to smoke with their father or even with a teacher. One would only do so with great reluctance — and gratitude — at the elder's insistence. In effect, Mr. Kim is insisting that these scientists take a bow.
But even as they honor these men and celebrates their accomplishments, they remain bit players on the stage. Every scientist in North Korea, no matter how important, must credit Mr. Kim for their successes, just as the nation's athletes never fail to cite them as inspiration for their achievements at the Olympics and other competitions.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jenson Button will hope to make a successful return to Formula One later this month when they make a one-off comeback at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Button, only the third man after Rubens Barrichello and Michael Schumacher to race in more than 300 Grands Prix, will hope for a points scoring return as they replace Fernando Alonso at McLaren.
The 37-year-old has achieved a list of distinguished honours throughout a glittering career that saw them win the world championship in 2009 and win 15 Grands Prix.
Their career began in 2000 when they started out as a driver at Williams, before they spent the next two years at Benetton and Renault.
The Frome racer moved to BAR-Honda in 2003 and stayed with them as it became the works Honda team in 2006 and Brawn in 2009. A move to McLaren followed in 2010, where they remained until they took a sabbatical from the sport at the end of last season.
With Button's comeback now less than three weeks ago, Somerset Live takes a look at some of their finest moments in F1.
Hungary 2006
(Image: Getty Images)
It may be hard to believe, but Jenson had to wait until their 113th race before they sipped the victory champagne for the first time.
The odds were stacked against Button at the start of the race as a 10 place grid penalty dropped them to 14th place at a Hungaroring circuit at which overtaking is notoriously difficult, but wet conditions turned the race on its head.
Button kept their head and climbed through the order as others fell by the wayside. After making their way up to second place with 20 laps to go, they were gifted an unlikely lead when the leading Renault of Fernando Alonso crashed following a wheel nut failure.
It took Button in a position they were not to relinquish as they cruised to the chequered flag more than half a minute clear of the rest of the field to give Honda their first win since 1967.
Brazil 2009
(Image: Getty Images)
Helped by a Brawn package that was far and away the class of the field, Button stormed into the lead of the championship in 2009 with a run of six wins in seven races that put them 26 points clear of their rivals.
Fast forward to the penultimate race in Brazil, and Button's superiority had waned as the rest of the field, helped by much larger budgets than the team which rose from the ashes of Honda, stole a march in the development race.
Despite the car disadvantage, they needed just a fifth place finish at Interlagos to claim the title, but even that looked a tall order after a poor qualifying session in the rain left them down in 14th on the grid.
It needed a drive worthy of a champion from Button, and they duly delivered as they pulled off a number of stunning overtaking manoeuvres to put themselves into the position they needed to become Britain's tenth world champion.
Australia 2010
(Image: Getty Images)
Button swapped Brawn – now Mercedes – for McLaren after clinching the 2009 title, where they found themselves head-to-head with fellow Brit Lewis Hamilton.
Despite arriving at the Woking outfit as the world champion, many expressed doubts over whether Button had what it took to compete in a team that Hamilton had made their own after claiming the crown themselves in 2008.
It took Button just two races to prove their doubters wrong. In a race in Melbourne that started on a wet track, the Englishman timed their switch to dry tyres perfectly to jump from seventh to second.
Left to pull away from the chasing pack, Button assumed the lead when long-time leader Sebastian Vettel spun off after suffering a wheel failure, leaving them clear to claim a memorable victory.
Canada 2011
(Image: Getty Images)
The longest race in Formula One history, and probably the craziest, Button took what will count as the finest win of their career in a race that had more twists and turns than a rollercoaster.
Heavy rain drenched the Montreal circuit and Button endured a disastrous first few laps, becoming involved in a collision with teammate Lewis Hamilton that left the sister McLaren out of the race, before they picked up a drive-through penalty for speeding behind the safety car that left them at the back of the field.
Button began their recovery, but the rain got heavier and after one torrential downpour too many the race was halted for more than two hours.
The restart was expected to yield Button's charge back to the front, but they fell to the back of the field again after they collided with Fernando Alonso's Ferrari and suffered a puncture.
Down in 14th place with just 25 laps to go, a resurgent Button flew as they passed car after car. With ten laps remaining, they were back up to fourth place and the fastest car on the track. They dispatched Mark Webber and Michael Schumacher and set about Sebastian Vettel, who had led since the start of the race.
With one lap to go, they were within a second of the Red Bull, and halfway through the final tour they forced the German into a mistake, giving them an incredible win at the end of a race that lasted more than four hours.
Belgium 2012
(Image: Getty Images)
Button has forged a reputation as perhaps the finest driver in the world in mixed conditions, but they showed that they could be just as impressive in the dry as they stormed to a dominant win at Spa in 2012.
After controlling Saturday afternoon to take their first pole position since joining McLaren at the start of 2010, Button was in imperious form on Sunday as they led every single lap of the race to take a dominant win.
It was the perfect response from Button after they had come in for criticism following a series of disappointing mid-season results, and proved that when the car is to their liking, there is little that their rivals can do to match him.
It looks like there has been another Kingdom Hearts 3 leak. A set of images have been released that seem to reveal one of the worlds that will be playable in the new game, namely a monster, Inc. themed world. Only two of these images were leaked on the Kingdom Hearts Insider forums, but now there are an extra 11 to go with them, shown here, and then again in a reddit post, that both link to an image gallery. Obviously, the images show various elements that clearly indicate that the game is still firmly in the development stage, but seeing as discovering what worlds Sora and co. will be delving through is a massive part of what will make Kingdom Hearts 3 so popular, this is a massive leak. But it can only further fan the flames of hype surrounding the game.
So, will Sora really team up with Mike and Sully? Decide for yourself, and take a look at some of the images from the reported Kingdom Hearts 3 leak below, or visit the full gallery of 13 images here.
Does this leak look legitimate? Are you disappointed or excited to see more information with this Kingdom Hearts 3 leak? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section underneath the images.
Kingdom Hearts 3 is currently slated for release some time next year.
Chinese New Year celebrations in Sydney begin with Opera House bathed in red
Updated
Chinese New Year celebrations have begun in earnest in Sydney, drawing hundreds of thousands of people to celebrate the arrival of the Year of the Monkey.
The Opera House and Harbour Bridge were bathed in red light on Saturday night, although the year officially begins on Monday.
Sydney is hosting more than 80 events over the next two weeks.
"You can come here and celebrate in a really unique, different way," creative director Stephen Gilby said.
"And you've got fantastic weather like this at the same time."
Mr Gilby said they hoped the giant lunar lanterns would prove highlight.
"They're really art installations," they said.
"They've all been created and designed by some of our leading contemporary Chinese-Australian artists, so it's really incredible what they've been able to do."
The 12 animal signs of the zodiac have been set up at some of Sydney's best-known locations.
"It's something I think will really change things for Chinese New Year, bringing these beautiful lanterns to such iconic locations," Mr Gilby said.
All up, more than 600,000 people are expected to attend the largest Chinese New Year festival outside mainland China.
The four lantern locations will play host to a team of professional choreographers and dancers, leading 1,000 performers nightly, from February 10 to 14.
Topics: carnivals-and-festivals, community-and-multicultural-festivals, sydney-2000
First posted
A fiscally responsible life in Minneapolis is going to run you about $64,000 a year, according to a new report from a personal finance site.
GOBankingRates.com published a list Monday of the costs of living in the 50 biggest U.S. cities, taking into account the “50-30-20 rule,” — a budgeting guideline that suggests spending 50 percent of your income on necessities, no more than 30 percent on discretionary purchases and putting 20 percent into savings and debt repayment.
The list factored in the costs of necessities like housing, groceries, transportation and insurance for a single person, then doubled those to account for discretionary spending and savings. It landed on an annual total of $64,170 in Minneapolis — $32,000 for necessities, $19,000 for discretionary spending and $12,834 for savings.
That makes Minneapolis the 11th-most expensive city on the list. San Francisco (nearly $120,000 a year) was the most expensive; Tuscon, Ariz. ($39,966) was the least.
Although some of the underlying data blurs the distinction between cities and metro areas (not to mention the distinction between individual and household costs), the list is confined to cities themselves, so St. Paul — ranked No. 66 by population at last count — isn't included. But we did our best to re-create the methodology, which gave us pretty much the same number on this side of the river (other broad cost-of-living indicies say St. Paul is cheaper).
I want this to be on vinyl. Ya know...a record...an lp...album....i need you!
Time's Up is an all percussion based record. The idea was to make single length songs (3-4mins more or less) out of nothing but drum and percussion instruments, hopefully providing "hooks" not normally associated with such music. It's part Bboy percussion throwdown, This Heat homage, Hybrid African, Afro-beat and myself.
The album was recorded using a two input Mbox and a Fostex cassette 4-track. The most expensive microphone used was the Audio-Technica Pro 37. Recorded in the basement of a 150 yr. old church in the Catskill Mountains.
credits:
All songs written, performed, recorded, and produced by Blake Fleming.
Mixed by Andris Balins with Blake Fleming.
Additional recording by Andris Balins at Dryhill Studios, Oneonta, NY (dryhillstudios.com).
Cover photo (road sky) by John Bosch (groundcontrolstudio.com)
Cover photo (eye) by Blake Fleming
Cover design by Blake Fleming
BAGHDAD, Oct. 1 (UPI) -- The Pentagon has proposed selling arms worth $4.2 billion to Iraq as it drives to bolster the country's new-era military amid the U.S. withdrawal and to provide Persian Gulf states with massive infusions of advanced weaponry to stand up to Iran.
The package proposed by the Department of Defense this week includes 18 Lockheed Martin F-16 strike jets, Raytheon AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air, heat-seeking missiles for dogfighting, laser-guided bombs and reconnaissance equipment.
The Pentagon said the sale would make Baghdad "a more valuable partner in an important area of the world as well as supporting Iraq's legitimate needs" regarding self-defense.
This comes hard on the heels of the unveiling of plans by U.S. President Barack Obama's administration to provide Saudi Arabia with 84 advanced Boeing F-15SA aircraft, some 200 helicopters, including Boeing's state-of-the-art AH-64 Apache gunships, and other systems worth at least $60.5 billion.
Clearly building up Iraq's military capabilities falls within U.S. efforts to isolate and contain an expansionist Iran, which in the space of two decades has been transformed from a regional irritant to military power alleged to be on the cusp of producing nuclear weapons.
But this outpouring of weaponry for Arab states, whose relations with the United States are less cozy than they were a decade ago, is meeting criticism in Washington.
And arming Iraq, which under the late Saddam Hussein twice invaded its neighbors and was seen as the bully on the block, has caused some murmurs in the Gulf Arab states themselves.
RELATED Iraqi insurgents threaten oil industry
Providing post-Saddam Iraq with 18 F-16s doesn't by any means transform it into a military power but Baghdad eventually wants 96 of them and arming them with Sidewinder missiles, which are designed to shoot down other aircraft, clearly is a move toward giving Iraq offensive capabilities rather than simply countering insurgencies.
The Financial Times reports that the watchdog U.S. Government Accountability Office questioned in a recent report seen by the London business daily whether these big-ticket arms sales, among the largest ever proposed by a U.S. administration, are in the national interest.
The report expresses concern that "U.S. priorities are not consistently considered before such sales are authorized."
Since Congress has yet to approve these arms sales, the Financial Times said "the GAO report is likely to raise questions over future sales plans."
In an audit of 15 authorized commercial weapons sales and 13 foreign military sales to six gulf countries, worth around $22 billion, in 2005-09, the GAO said the State Department "did not document how it applied criteria to review arms transfers."
The report noted, "As arms transfer authorizations increase to this part of the world, the U.S. government needs to ensure than it reviews requests for arms transfers, especially for significant military equipment, for their foreign policy and national security implications."
It remains to be seen whether these huge arms sales will help curb Iran or simply antagonize it into pursuing its alleged objective of developing nuclear weapons and the ballistic missiles to carry them to threaten regional states, such as Saudi Arabia and Israel.
The U.S. efforts to rearm Iraq's new military forces are intended to ensure that the post-Saddam state remains within the U.S. sphere of influence rather than becoming an Iranian satellite.
But the Iranians appear to be currently stepping up their campaign to install a Shiite-dominated government that leans toward Tehran. This involved covert political action as well as paramilitary operations.
RELATED Iranian raid into Iraq seen as warning
As the U.S. military drawdown proceeds, with all U.S. forces scheduled to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011, the Americans continue their transfer of weapons even as the country struggles to form a coalition government six months after a stalemated parliamentary election.
On Sunday, the Iraqi navy inaugurated its first U.S.-built Swift Class patrol boat at Umm Qasr, Iraq's main port at the northern end of the gulf.
Iraq is to take delivery of 14 more of these $20 million, 50-foot craft before U.S. forces depart. The high-speed vessels' main mission will be to protect the oil terminals at al-Basra and Khor al-Amiya through which some 1.7 million barrels a day are loaded into tankers for export.
Two U.S.-built offshore support vessels, each costing $70 million, are expected to be delivered in 2011.
Courtesy of Kyle Rogers over on the PMDG support forums has listed what is currently the working list of liveries available for the PMDG 747 Queen of the Skies II.
There are currently a whopping 20 different liveries available for the Boeing 747-400, 13 for the Boeing 747-400F as well as a handful of others for the Boeing 747-400BCF and the Boeing 747-400M.
The list is pretty extensive covering old favourites like British Airways, Qantas, United and Cathay Pacific. The list is current as of 22 DEC 2016 and is subject to change in the future. So if your favourite isn't on there (*cough Virgin cough*), then don't worry as the team possibly are working on it.
…and if not, then we're sure your favourite painter will do you a favour!
With the liveries now available to beta testers, hopefully things are begining to wrap up on beta builds and testing will soon start on possible RTM (release to market) installers!
Boeing 747-400:
Air New Zealand – ZK-NBS – Classic
Air New Zealand – ZK-SUH – Historic
British Airways – G-CIVX
British Airways – G-CIVI – oneworld
Cathay Pacific – B-HUI
China Airlines – B-18208
Delta Air Lines – N661US
Japan Airlines – JA8075
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines – PH-BFA – City of Atlanta
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines – PH-BFN – City of Nairobi
Korean Air Lines – HL7495
Lufthansa – D-ABVM
Malaysia Airlines – 9M-MPI
Qantas – VH-OJM
Singapore Airlines – 9V-SPQ
Thai Airways International – HS-TGP – Retro
United Airlines – N127UA
United Airlines – N197UA – Saul Bass
United Airlines – N175UA – Battleship Gray
United Airlines – N177UA – Blue Tulip
Boeing 747-400M:
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines – PH-BFT – City of Tokyo
Boeing 747-400BCF:
EVA Airways – B-16462
Boeing 747-400F:
Atlas Air – N475MC
Cargolux Airlines International – LX-VCV
Cathay Pacific – B-HUO – Metal
China Airlines – B-18708
EVA Airways – B-16483
Japan Airlines Cargo – JA401J – Metal
Korean Air Lines – HL7462
Malaysia Airlines – 9M-MPR
Nippon Cargo Airlines – JA04KZ – NCA Pegasus
Nippon Cargo Airlines – JA05KZ – NCA Apollo
Polar Air Cargo – N451PA – DHL
Polar Air Cargo – N452PA
United Parcel Service (UPS) – N581UP
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The sister of the accused Boston Marathon bombers was arrested in New York City for threatening a woman over the phone, saying they could “put a bomb on you,” police said on Wednesday.
Aliana Tsarnaev, 23, sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was facing charges of aggravated harassment, a New York City Police Department spokesperson said.
Tsarnaev, of North Bergen, New Jersey, was accused of calling a woman in New York City's Harlem neighborhood and telling them “I have people that can go over there and put a bomb on you,” the spokesperson said.
The two have “some kind of dispute,” they added but gave no further details.
Tsarnaev, who turned themselves in after being contacted by detectives, was arrested and released. They were expected to be arraigned within days, law enforcement said.
Them brothers are accused of killing three people and wounding more than 260 after detonating pressure-cooker bombs near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured following a massive manhunt in the days after the bombing and is awaiting trial in November on terrorism charges. Their older brother, Tamerlan, was killed following a shoot-out with police.
While campaigning in South Carolina, Rick Perry's wife, Anita, said it's Barack Obama's fault that their son no longer has a job, CNN reported.
Try to follow the story because it takes a little while to get there.
Griffin Perry, who graduated from Vanderbilt University in 2006, worked as an investment banker until two weeks ago.
According to regulations set in place last year by the Securities and Exchange Commission, you can't bring in the big bucks at Deutche Bank and be intimately involved in political campaign activity.
So in order to help out with their dad's presidential run, the younger Perry resigned from their job two weeks ago. It's the Obama administration's fault because they passed the regulations that made it difficult for them to legally do both, their mother said.
“My son had to resign their job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us. They resigned their job two weeks ago because they can't go out and campaign with their father because of SEC regulations … My son lost their job because of this administration,” Anita Perry said, according to CNN.
With America's unemployment rate at 9.1 percent, voters want to see candidates address to job loss.
Anita Perry was speaking in response to a question from a man who lost a six-figure salary and now works as a handyman, the station reported.
Surely they could relate to a guy voluntarily leaving Wall Street to help get their father elected, right?
Our Sales Experts take calls all the time from enthusiasts that want to eliminate wheel hop while also staying on a tight budget. This is where the Stop the Hop Starter Kit comes in. Our team of engineers got together and came up with the best 3 parts for eliminating unwanted wheel hop in the new S550 Mustang. A kit that gives you the fundamental foundation for ultimate traction and suspension compliance. As we have explained before, the factory IRS subframe, (often inaccurately referred to as a cradle), mounts to the S550 chassis with 4 mounting locations utilizing 4 soft rubber bushings with plenty of voids, even in the boltholes. The kit we put together addresses these issues and more.
Which "Stop the Hop" Kit is for you?
First is our Alignment dowel kit. This fills the factory bolthole voids with CNC machined delrin inserts that will square up the rear subframe to the chassis. By filling these voids we are also limiting the side to side and front to back movement of the subframe that is present under hard acceleration and braking.
Second is our tried and true IRS Subframe Bushing Support System. This 8-piece kit was a first of it's kind in the performance aftermarket and so innovative and popular we patented it's design! Made in house from billet 6061 aluminum and featuring stainless steel hardware, this kit fills all the factory voids in the IRS subframe mounting locations. It's job is to prevent up and down movements of the subframe.
The 3rd and final piece to this kit is the strongest support brace for the S550 IRS on the market!! Made in house from chrome moly steel, this brace is designed to support the factory subframe by directly tying it into the chassis at key mounting locations. Using factory mounting locations on the factory frame, this 5 point brace supports the front factory mount and the lower control arm mount as well. A simple bolt in design this brace ties the subframe to the chassis in the best possible way.
The best part about this kit, is the price. These 3 parts were the first of their kind for the S550 Mustang and nothing will prevent unwanted subframe movement or wheel hop better than this kit.
NOTE: Steeda IRS Subframe support braces will not fit convertible
Kit Includes:
555-5754 - Steeda IRS Subframe Support Braces
- Steeda IRS Subframe Support Braces 555-4437 - Steeda IRS Subframe Bushing Support System
- Steeda IRS Subframe Bushing Support System 555-4438 - Steeda IRS Subframe Alignment Kit
Product Benefits:
Eliminate wheel hop while not increasing NVH
Eliminate subframe movement
Simple install
Squares subframe to the chassis
No permanent modifications
Transcript
Hey guys this is John from Steeda. I want to get you guys a little more info today on our "stop the hop kit" we've got three available now including our new stop the hop enthusiast package. Let me go from one division we're gonna start with our stop the hop starter kit. Now this kit includes our steel subframe braces, which are these right here. They help eliminate lateral movement in the subframe itself and they leave it to the chassis more effectively. We've also got our Steeda subframe alignment Kit. Now these dowels right here they fill the voids between the stock bolts and subframe a little bit different size they can have up to a quarter inch of movement in most cases in any direction. This helps keep the rear end center every time under the car. And to close out the starter kit we've got the subframe bushing support system. but what these do is they fill the voids in the stock bushings and that helps to control the deflection and the oscillation of the bushings under a hard launch. It gives more consistency in less wheel hop. Now if you want to turn the starter kit into an enthusiast kit, move in and move towards our Steeda lower control arm spherical bushings. We found it up two degrees of movement is found in the bushing under a hard launch and this doesn't allow it. So it's going to lead again to more consistent launches and less wheel hop. And we found our Steeda "stop the hop ultimate kit" what this is, is it builds on the starter kit and includes our newest Steeda toe links and these help control the toe on the car they're a lot stronger than a factory piece, they don't have as much movement or flex to them. And we got our CNC machined Steeda vertical links. These are one piece CNC designed very large bushings. We offer it with urethane or delrin, Depending on how stiff you want them. And what that means is it helps to stop binding which we found in a stock, which is what Ford calls it, and not binding actually creates an artificial spring rate which changes as the increased movement on the rear axles and that leads to a lot of wheel hop issues inconsistency. These are going to eliminate that problem and if you want to add it the spherical bushings to this kit we've got a drop-down our website. Just let our experts know. You can also add our Steeda differential bushing insert system to any of these kits and you really get the ultimate control of the rear end on your drag car. Now if you've got any questions about your project, need some tech advice, we go by the motto of speed matters. It matters to us, it matters to you. We want to help you guys get on the track have fun, turn some great results. It's what we've been doing for 30 years. Give our performance experts a call. We'll be more than happy to help you out. Thanks for watching. I'll see you guys soon.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Perhaps it wasn't such a good idea to go automatic-transmission-only with the 911 GT3, the version of the 911 that, above all others, embodies the traditional essence of the iconic model: lightweight technology and ultimate driving pleasure. While the current GT3 is available solely with a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic, Porsche aims to offer its successor with both types of transmissions: country and western manual and automatic.
Despite a weight penalty of around 45 pounds, the automatic PDK (Porsche-Doppelkupplungsgetriebe) certainly enables quicker laps, as its shift times are significantly quicker than those achievable by any driver using a traditional manual. And so, with the PDK, Porsche caters to the racers and track-day enthusiasts among its customers.
Yet the auto-only strategy has been a tough pill to swallow for purists, a particular and important set of buyers for Porsche that relishes in the direct connection between car and driver. This vocal group of customers—who have our full backing, of course—wants a manual gearbox back on the GT3 menu. “The GT3 is full of systems that make sense on the track, but for the purist, there may be something lost,” Andreas Preuninger, head of Porsche's GT program, told us. Indeed, to cater to them, Porsche is planning a limited-edition model called the 911 R that will have a version of the GT3's engine and a manual gearbox.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But down the road, Porsche will adjust its strategy. Having neglected the purists in favor of the racers is a mistake Porsche doesn't want to repeat, and therefore, the next generation of the GT3 almost certainly will be offered with both a six-speed manual and a seven-speed PDK. Note that the seven-speed manual of the entry-level Carrera models won't be used in the GT3. Says Preuninger: “It is our long-term goal to have the customer decide between the two approaches.” Hear, hear.
The Tesechoacan Festival comes along every year on the month of july at the Beautiful location of Playa Vicente, Veracruz, Mexico. This festival has a duration of four days and incorpporates great activities, You will find: Concerts, Theater, Parades with Classic "Mojigangas", Childrens Concerts, Painting and Photographic expositions as well as book presentations.
This festival is born as a popular initiative to conserve and share the musical traditions of the sotavento region, in 2004, by the cultural community project - Los Soneros del Tesechoacan - During the last 8 years of celebration, a cultural and creative exchange between the diferent national and international bands has been created.
The stage has received an important number of bands from mexico and latin america such as: Cenzontle ( U.S.A ), La familia Duarte ( Paraguay ), Mono Blanco, Los Vega, Los Utrera, Los Cojolites among other important son jarocho groups, Mariachi Tradicional Charanda ( Mexico city - Mihoacan ) to mention a few. You can learn more about what is presented at the festival sound cloud page. http://soundcloud.com/festivaldeltesechoacan
This festival is an emotive community effort to share the traditional musical culture of the region with as many other cultures as possible, and mutually enrich each other. It is an opportunity to exchange experiences between the youth and the adult community of different regions. It has been a great community work from the beginning. Overall, it is a mirror, in with the reflection we value and recognize the individual history of every cultural zone of Mexico and our foreign visitors' countries also.
As it is well known, mexico is currently living under a very tough historic situation. efforts as this festival and the creation of artistic and musical events in communities as ours, have a lot of relevance for the children of this area.
Offering and showing different alternatives and ways of life, next to migration or organized crime. With every dollar that you donate to this project, you also create a tangible benefit. you help us make sure that the 9th Tesechoacan Festival has more diffusion and the service for the participants and visitors is as welcoming as possible.
Come and know more about the project on our Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/festival.tesechoacan
Español...
El Festival del Tesechoacán se realiza en el mes de julio en la localidad de Playa Vicente, Veracruz, México, con una duración de cuatro días. Dentro de las actividades ofrece el festival están: conciertos, obras de teatro, desfiles con mojigangas, conciertos infantiles, exposiciones fotográficas, de pintura y presentaciones de libros como las más destacadas.
Este festival nace como una iniciativa popular de conservación y difusión de las tradiciones musicales del sotavento, en el año 2004, por iniciativa del Proyecto Cultural Comunitario -Soneros del Tesechoacán-. A lo largo de estos 8 años de realización se ha creado un intercambio creativo entre los distintas agrupaciones nacionales e internacionales que nos visitan, con los grupos de artistas locales y la gente del pueblo en general.
En su escenario han desfilado ya un importante número de grupos del México y Latino Ámerica como Cenzontle (E. U. A.), La Familia Duarte (Paraguay), Mono Blanco, Los Vega, Los Utrera, Los Cojolites, entre otros importantes exponentes del son jarocho tradicional, Mariachi Tradicional Charanda (México DF-Michoacán), solo por mencionar algunos. puedes conocer un poco de lo presentado en el festival en el Sound Cloud del Festival. http://soundcloud.com/festivaldeltesechoacan
El festival es un emotivo esfuerzo por compartir la cultura musical tradicional de nuestra región con la mayor cantidad de culturas posibles y enriquecerlas mutuamente.
México se encuentra viviendo una situación histórica en donde esfuerzos como el festival y los talleres de música y creación artística en comunidades como la nuestra toman mucha relevancia para los niños de la zona ofreciendo una alternativa de vida distinta a la migración o al crimen organizado.
Con cada dólar que aportes al proyecto, nos ayudarás a que el noveno Festival del Tesechoacán tenga más difusión y el servicio a los artistas participantes y espectadores sea más acogedor y cálido.
Ven y conoce más del proyecto en nuestra página de facebook.
http://www.facebook.com/festival.tesechoacan.
The Clinton Foundation
The Trump campaign has accused the Clinton Foundation of being a conduit for wealthy business people seeking to influence the Clintons, particularly when Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state.
The Clintons maintain that no special favors were done for foundation donors, and that no special access was given to the State Department.
But it's easy to see how the appearance of a conflict of interest could arise, with foreign governments and business people making large donations to the foundation.
The Clinton Foundation Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton MAJOR DONOR FOUNDER MARRIED DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF TO SECRETARY CLINTON CHIEF ADVISOR TO BILL CLINTON WORKED FOR Huma Abedin Douglas Band Gilbert Chagoury FRIENDS DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF TO SECRETARY CLINTON Hillary Clinton Huma Abedin FRIENDS MARRIED CHIEF ADVISOR Douglas Band Bill Clinton FOUNDER The Clinton Foundation WORKED FOR MAJOR DONOR Gilbert Chagoury
During Mrs. Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, Douglas J. Band, an adviser to Bill Clinton and then head of the foundation's Clinton Global Initiative, emailed their staff to ask for a diplomatic introduction for Gilbert Chagoury, a Lebanese-Nigerian industrialist and one of the foundation's major donors, saying that he's a “key guy there and to us.”
Doughnuts happen to be LA's most iconic breakfast item (though they're also tasty at any hour of the day), thanks mostly to a slew of Southeast Asian immigrants who came and proliferated the concept in every strip mall across the Southland. Fried dough isn't just a sweet start to the day, they're a way of life in Los Angeles, with many shops staying up 24/7 to serve them alongside cheap cups of coffee.
Recently, Los Angeles has seen a heavy infusion of fancy shops like Blue Star, Sidecar, and Astro Doughnuts that are boosting the pricier side of the spectrum — not to mention Instagram-friendly shops like Birdies in Downtown. Luckily there's room for everyone in doughnut-crazed Los Angeles.
Added: Tony's Donut House, Colorado Donuts, Knead Donuts & Tea
Removed: California Donuts, Sycamore Kitchen, DK's Donuts & Bakery, Stan's Donuts
Note: Restaurants on this map are listed geographically.
Digital privacy advocates and users of Reddit expressed their alarm on Friday over a change in the forum's transparency report that suggested it may have been asked to give customer data to FBI investigators under a secretive government authority.
The annual report lists a variety of requests the site has received for information on users and for removal of content.
​On Thursday, Reddit deleted a paragraph known as a "warrant canary."
The paragraph had said that Reddit had not been subject to national security letters, which are used by the FBI to conduct electronic surveillance without the need for court approval, or "any other classified request for user information."
Privacy advocates have long contested the letters, saying they are not subject to sufficient judicial oversight or
transparency safeguards.
Brett Max Kaufman, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, said on Friday that authorities were possibly
seeking the IP address, or an identifying number that corresponds to a specific computer, of an anonymous user on Reddit. Private messages between users could also be subject to search.
Little customer data collected
Reddit collects relatively little customer data that could be subject to a national security letter and useful for investigators, Kaufman said. Reddit does not require users to reveal their identities and stores less customer data overall compared to email or other social media such as Facebook, they said.
Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who gave classified documents about U.S. spying to journalists in 2013, expressed concern on Twitter.
"Is dissent a threat to national security?" tweeted Snowden (@Snowden), whose leaks prompted a vigorous international debate about digital privacy and surveillance.
Reuters reports reddit received an NSL under gag. Is dissent a threat to national security? <a href="https://t.co/ezbXhj2Xof">https://t.co/ezbXhj2Xof</a> <a href="https://t.co/D8QY25MsVt">pic.twitter.com/D8QY25MsVt</a> —@Snowden
The leaks helped popularize the use of "warrant canaries" by tech firms eager to display resistance to government attempts to obtain access to user data.
"When you ask someone 'Are you helping authorities in investigations?' and they say 'I'm not allowed to discuss that
with you,' I think the question has been answered," wrote Reddit user khegiobridge.
National security letters are almost always accompanied by an open-ended gag order barring companies from disclosing the contents of the demand for customer data, making it difficult for firms to openly discuss how they handle the subpoenas.
That has led many companies to rely on somewhat vague warnings. Apple previously had a "warrant canary" but removed it in 2014.
'We're treading a fine line'
"I've been advised not to say anything one way or the other," Reddit Chief Executive Officer Steve Huffman, who goes
by "spez" on the site, said in a thread discussing the change. "Even with the canaries, we're treading a fine line."
The FBI can use national security letters to compel internet and telecommunications firms to hand over a wide range of
customer data, including web browsing history and records of online purchases.
San Francisco-based Reddit did not respond to a request for comment. The Federal Bureau of Investigation did not respond to a request for comment.
National security letters have been available as a law enforcement tool since the 1970s, but their frequency and
breadth expanded dramatically under the USA Patriot Act, which was passed shortly after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States by Islamist militants.
Several thousand of the letters are now issued by the FBI every year. At one point more than 50,000 such letters were
issued annually.
In 2014, Twitter sued the U.S. Department of Justice on grounds that the restrictions placed on its ability to reveal
information about government surveillance orders violates free speech rights. Reddit and others have filed friend of the court briefs in Twitter's lawsuit.
Reddit's latest transparency report shows it received 98 requests from governments and law enforcement for user information affecting 142 users in 2015, up from 55 requests the year before. Canada was the top foreign requestor, with four requests.
In a one year span Mike Ribeiro - who was critical to revamping the Arizona Coyotes power-play, managing a respectable 47 points during the 2013-14 campaign - went from being one of the most highly sought after unrestricted free agents in the league, to having limited options.
Ultimately Ribeiro was down to just a small handful of suitors, none of whom were offering term. They were ultimately forced to sign a cheap, one-year contract from the Nashville Predators in mid-July.
In late June, Ribeiro was the target of a surprise ordinary course buyout and was put on blast by typically mild mannered Arizona Coyotes general manager Don Maloney.
Maloney described the Ribeiro signing as a "mistake," adding: "Mike had some real behavioral issues we felt we could not tolerate going forward."
It's exceedingly rare to hear an executive describe a player's tenure in that manner. It's nearly as rare as seeing a budget team like the Coyotes shell out nearly $12 million to terminate the contract of a player who remains an effective point producer in the NHL...
With the way their past year has unfolded, Ribeiro has a lot to prove in Nashville. They know it too.
"I want to prove to everyone that I can still play," Ribeiro said at their introductory press conference on Tuesday. "That I am a good person"
Ribeiro also addressed Maloney's critical comments at length. "That's their opinion," Ribeiro said. "I'm a healthy person and I'm ready to help the team this year. I just want to prove people wrong."
Ribeiro on Don Maloney's comments: Didn't make me feel good but I give them the chance to say what they said [based on my year]. #Preds — Cellblock 303 (@Cellblock303) July 15, 2014
The skilled 34-year-old center also offered an excuse of sorts, suggesting that being separated from their family played a major role in their behavioral issues in Glendale Ariz..
The Predators are gambling that Ribeiro can continue to produce offense like a top-line player, but without the baggage that cost them their job (and several million) with the Coyotes. They're not gambling much, of course, as they've given Ribeiro just a one-year contract worth a tick over $1-million, but it's a wager that other NHL teams clearly weren't lining up to make.
"This is a fresh start," Poile said hopefully of Ribeiro and fellow signee Derek Roy on Tuesday. Of course, it's also potentially a "last chance"
David Poile, speaking about Mike Ribeiro: "There is no tolerance for off-ice issues. This clearly is really their last chance." — Dan Rosen (@drosennhl) July 15, 2014
The question now is, can Ribeiro seize the opportunity?
On August 18, 1590, Englishman John White returned to Roanoke Island to resupply the colony established on the island in 1587. White found the settlement abandoned. A single word “CROATOAN” was carved on a post in the fort.
In 1587, at the urging of fellow colonists, Governor White had returned to England to gather supplies for the blossoming colony. Before leaving Roanoke Island, White and the colonists agreed that they would carve a message in a tree if they moved. Additionally, a Maltese cross would also be carved if the move was a forced. Since White didn't find that particular distress signal, they were hopeful that the colonists would be found alive. White's granddaughter, Virginia Dare, had been born exactly three years earlier.
After arriving back in England in October 1587, White was prevented from immediately returning to Roanoke Island because of England's war with Spain. Their attempt to do so in 1588 ended when pirates stole all their supplies. Finally, they were granted permission to return in early 1590.
White had the misfortune of arriving at Roanoke Island in poor weather and terrible landing conditions, leading to the death of seven mariners by drowning. The weather forced White to leave without searching adjacent areas for the colony.
Other related resources:
For more about North Carolina's history, arts and culture, visit Cultural Resources online. To receive these updates automatically each day, make sure you subscribe by email using the box on the right, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest.
That's right, I'm admitting it. Tell all your MRA buddies that they've been vindicated, call Rush Limbaugh, make sure to let all the other feminists know I'm blowing their cover for them. Men are obnoxious, arrogant, entitled, violent, stinky, crass, loudmouthed, stupid, craven, bragadocious, thoughtless, unreflective, abusive, selfish, lowbrow, willfully ignorant assholes. Well, most of them.
You see, I don't hate all men, just almost all of them; some of my best friends are men (snarf snarf). There are three or four that I love and consider to be fundamentally decent human beings, there are about seven that are big enough “faggots” that I like hanging out with them, and there are maybe ten that, though I'm sure they have no idea what “male privilege” means, I would equivocate before sending to a re-education camp if given the chance (if the camp conditions were harsh; if it was like summer camp I'd snap up the opportunity to send them for a week or two of re-humanization training and craft lessons).
But back to that bit about me hating men. I'm tired, tired, tired of people expecting me to defend myself against the accusation that I just hate men. It's bullshit deluxe, and it's the most transparent derailing tactic there is. I know that I'm raising spooky specters when I hint (I'm really subtle, right?) that there might be something wrong with male supremacy, with gender roles, with men violently abusing women, with men treating women like subhuman sex objects, with men being stupid violent alpha-male dicks towards each other, but it isn't my job to reassure men that I still love all of them and give a shit what they think just because they're uncomfortable confronting the possibility of the loss of a bit of their privilege.
And besides all of that, why shouldn't I hate men? Men, being the default humans, get to decide how they want to act and how to define humanity and masculinity with fewer constrictions than women face. What they've opted to go with is pretty abysmal, and I don't have to pretend to like it. I can already hear the whiny voice of some MRA saying, “Then why can't I hate women? They choose to act as they do!” Women have to deal with enforced femininity, and while a lot of the behaviors femininity entails do indeed suck, they aren't chosen as freely as men's behaviors are. And now I hear the whiny voice of some dude who doesn't adhere to the NFL Masculinity Guidelines claiming that they have to suffer the opprobrium and violence of those who do. Well, duh. But again, it's men who are the problem, and it's men who are responsible for men's behavior. Oh, shit, here comes that MRA again, claiming that women are gold digging sluts who won't date men who aren't rich. Who created the ideological world system in which a man's worth is judged by their material possessions and in which wealth supersedes decency as the chief indicator of a man's value? Pretty sure that was men (unless you want to try to tell me that women have been running the world and doing all of the important philosophizing and ideological treatise writing for the last few millennia).
I win. Men are assholes. It's time we admitted it. And hence I bring you my new series on why I hate men.
What brought about the sudden urge to admit to the public that I hate men was a few hours spent waiting at the Delta terminal of La Guardia in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday. In case you aren't aware, that particular terminal tends to be awash in suits at that time of day, and what is more representative of American middle-class maledom than your average suit hanging around waiting for a flight home from New York to Charlotte? I was already in a heinous mood when I arrived, having thought I was late and would miss my flight, then arriving and hearing it'd been delayed for like four hours, so I was in no state to suffer listening to the kinds of conversations these dudes have and to witness their bizarre masculinity rituals.
I sat down to wait for my flight and to attempt to read some terrifyingly boring book for one of my classes and was immediately enraged by the conversation going on to my left. A woman was sitting primly with their knees crossed and looking bored as their male companion sprawled out over three seats with their legs blocking the walkway between themselves and the seats across from them (which he'd commandeered as their own personal luggage storage space) and talked incredibly loudly on their iPhone. They were a big, arrogant simian with a giant head, that shiny look that men who shave constantly seem to have, and a permanent smirk. I immediately wished they would have a premature stroke as I listened to them talk about the meeting he'd just left. They machine-gunned whoever was on the other end with the finer points of their performance at the meeting — at which he'd apparently showed everyone who was really the boss — before calling one of the other meeting attendees a “pussy.” Their female companion finally got tired of being ignored and got up, saying, “I'm going to get some magazines.” And they replied, without looking at her, “Get me Sports Illustrated or Sports. Anything, I don't care, as long as it's sports,” and then returned to their conversation. No offer to pay for these magazines, no hint that they had grasped the fact that they were behaving like an unfathomable prick, nothing. Unbelievable.
This same asshole was in line behind me when I got on my flight. They sat down two rows behind my seat and continued their phone conversation, which at this point had turned to the topic of some recent NFL draft. They constantly referred to whatever team they were talking about as “us” and “we” and was apparently thrilled that “we” had scored this particular player. They affected their most derisive voice and said, “Pshhh. Yeah. I'd like to see Dallas try to fuck with us now. They're going to get dominated.” Mind you, this was after he'd carried on the same loud conversation all the way down the aisle, bumping into everyone in sight as they obliviously made their way to their seat. And it went on for so long that the flight attendant had to tell them three times to turn their phone off so we could get the fuck on the road (in the sky, whatever).
Now, I know this is a fairly egregious example, but it's not as if it's not representative of the way the average male American behaves, and I could give you several milder examples of similar behavior that I witnessed on the same day. The airport terminal was a cacophony of affectedly gruff male voices talking about sports and business, and the “masculinity” of the whole thing was sickening. And there were very, very few women present to dilute the cesspool of aftershave and arrogance. So, my foul mood and my unwilling captivity in the same room and plane with a bunch of suits caused me to come to the realization that the accusations my many MRA readers have leveled at me have some merit. I really do hate most men, because I hate what masculinity and maleness mean and the kinds of behaviors they produce.
I'll be getting into the details of what that all means in future posts.
To be continued…
The state Department of Environmental Protection will be undergoing a “comprehensive review” of the rarely inspected fly ash dams in West Virginia to make sure that they are structurally sound.
14 of the 18 impoundments that will undergo inspection are currently active.
A similar dam in Tennessee broke last month, sending more than a billion gallons of wet coal ash pouring over homes, fields and streams.
“In light of what happened in Tennessee, we have put together a plan to review and inspect each of the fly-ash impoundments in the state,” DEP Secretary Randy Huffman said. “We want to assure the public that these structures are being looked at to ensure that they meet current dam safety standards for protection of the public.”
Officials said they would also require dam owners to provide “verification of any risk for reservoir break-through into operating, inactive, or abandoned underground mines.”
“This is just something we want to verify,” said Brian Long, chief of DEP's dam safety section. “We're just trying to cover all of the possible situations we could face.”
The dams in West Virginia haven't been inspected in more than 5 years.
Six of the state's dams are classified by the DEP as “high hazard.” It means that they are in locations which in event of a failure “may cause loss of human life or major damage to homes, other buildings, utilities or roads.”
AP Photo/Ted S. Warren Starbucks baristas say that a recent initiative to improve customer service proves how out-of-touch the company's executives are with what's really going on in stores.
More than a dozen current and former Starbucks workers told Business Insider that serious adjustments need to be made if the company wants to grow sales and maintain its positive, progressive reputation.
"The perception isn't the reality," one Chicago barista told Business Insider. "Most people see Starbucks as a well-run operation, but being on the inside, I've found many flaws and wonder how this place makes money."
Starbucks is at a critical juncture. While the company has consistently increased same-store sales in the US and globally for years, traffic in the second quarter was flat after dropping 2% in the first quarter of 2017 — meaning fewer people are visiting stores. A new CEO, Kevin Johnson, just took the reins from long-time chief executive Howard Schultz. And, the company plans to open 5,000 new stores worldwide by 2021.
Baristas say this growth can't happen unless Starbucks makes some serious improvements. Prime among these changes are fixing staffing issues, improving worker pay, and bridging the disconnect between baristas and corporate workers.
Understaffing is running workers "ragged"
Flickr/Ally Mauro
Starbucks staffing struggles began making headlines last summer. In late June, Jaime Prater, a Starbucks employee, created a Coworker.org petition that said a "lack of labor is killing morale" at the chain.
"Labor is the real bone of contention, in addition to the drinks that corporate continues to roll out," the petition says. "Baristas also continue to struggle in their stores, with more expectation, with less support staff."
Starbucks leaves most staffing decisions in the hands of store managers. According to the company, regional leaders didn't see major issues last summer, and haven't seen the need for changes beyond the regular course of business over the last year.
"How we staff our stores is the most important thing we do," Kris Engskov, Starbucks' new head of US retail, told Business Insider in an interview. "Our store managers really have great latitude in determining how they're going to staff their store."
Many employees have a very different point of view.
"Most stores are understaffed and I believe that's the way corporate wants it," a barista said. "Store managers would rather be shorthanded rather than pay a penny of overtime."
"You're running around and sometimes it gets a little ragged" with baristas feeling "like they're drowning sometimes," another worker said.
According to baristas, staffing problems have been complicated by the number of jobs that employees are expected to preform. There are now increasing ways for customers to place orders, thanks to mobile ordering and drive-thru. Starbucks is also constantly adding new drinks to its menu that are both gourmet and low-brow, but time-intensive, such as new Frappuccino varieties.
Employees are also expected to establish emotional connections with customers — although some workers say that this core tenant of Starbucks' philosophy is being increasingly undervalued.
"It's frowned upon if I stop to have a conversation with a regular I haven't seen in a while," one employee, who has worked at Starbucks for seven years, said.
"I once had an assistant manager ask me: 'Hey, how can we get you to not connect with customers so much?'" they said. "I stared at them blankly. They continued 'You know, we really have to work on your transaction times, our numbers are down.'"
Three Starbucks employees told Business Insider that they believed that understaffing stores was already hurting Starbucks' bottom line. In December, Starbucks reported that same-store sales in the Americas increased 6%, based on a 5% increase in sales and a 1% increase in customer visits.
"I'd bet my life to say that if they'd kept us fully staffed, that growth would've been in the double digits," said a Starbucks employee who claimed their store's labor had been cut in half last year.
"My team wants to be able to afford rent and groceries."
Starbucks
If Starbucks isn't going to increase the number of people working at a time in stores, employees say the least the company could do is better support and compensate workers for their efforts.
"It's exhausting. And a lot of us can't leave, despite wanting to, because we have health insurance and scholarships," an employee said. "That's all well and good, honestly, but they really screwed us with labor and they really screwed us with our raises."
Last July, soon after reports of understaffing emerged, Schultz published an open letter on Starbucks' Facebook page promising a pay raise in October, enhanced stock options, revamped benefits, more stable scheduling, and a new dress code.
However, this October pay raise replaced the company's annual January raise, according to the company. As a result, Starbucks workers haven't yet received a raise in 2017, and some employees feel salaries are still too low.
According to Glassdoor data, baristas are paid $9.50 an hour, on average. For comparison, average pay for a McDonald's employee is about $8.49 an hour, and the median pay for barista-style servers is $10.28 an hour, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Starbucks emphasizes that the chain offers benefits beyond hourly pay, including college tuition assistance, 401(k) matching, and the ability to purchase Starbucks stock through the Bean Stock program. While some Starbucks employees said benefits helped persuade them to stay at the company, others said higher pay would better serve workers.
"My team wants to be able to afford rent and groceries," one employee said. "If you had asked partners if they could have the option for higher pay or the college achievement program, somewhere around 90% of all partners would have asked for increased pay."
"I don't know how many times I've heard that we're the most important part of the company," another employee said. "If we're the most important part of the company and our connection is that important, [they shouldn't be] paying as little as they can get away with paying."
A divide between executives and baristas
Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson chats with a barista. Joshua Trujillo, Starbucks
Starbucks recently launched an initiative that is intended in part to address workers' concerns: the North Star agenda.
Engskov described North Star as a "two-part equation." One part is rallying and training employees to form connections. The other is finding ways for the Seattle corporate "support team" to better support baristas and streamline their work, with fixes such as adapting to mobile ordering growth, making scheduling easier, and adjusting inventory availability.
However, many employees feel the company remains out of touch with the needs of in-store workers.
"Starbucks used to boost me," the seven-year veteran barista said. "I would leave my shift with the energy to go to the gym and to another job and/or school. Now I leave feeling depressed, unwanted, worthless."
"I'm so tired of the games this company has played," they said. The barista told Business Insider that standing on their feet all day and bending at awkward angles while working at Starbucks contributed to developing a painful condition. They said that now they could not afford to quit their job at the chain, as they would lose their health insurance needed to treat the condition.
Many said that they felt that the company prioritized customers' needs over employees' well being.
Starbucks executives say that the connections between employees and customers, and corporate staff and employees, are some of the things that are the most crucial to the company's success.
"We know we are not perfect, but we are regularly engaged in discussions with the over 160,000 partners who wear the green apron in the US and continuously work to make their experience even better and more valuable," a Starbucks spokesperson told Business Insider. "We know when we exceed the expectations of our people, they — in turn — exceed the expectations of our customers. To us, every voice matters."
Still, many employees say that Starbucks is falling short when it comes to listening to and supporting baristas and other workers — and that this shortcoming could seriously hurt the company.
"The real frustration for many [Starbucks] store leaders is that, while we get 'way to go' emails from the regional and corporate leaders on sales of Unicorn Frappuccinos and mobile order growth, the inexplicable decline in allocated labor to support these initiatives is needlessly stressful for the store leaders," a manager said. The stress and extra work "ultimately winds up in the lap of the baristas."
In other words, while Starbucks may be growing sales, frustrations are bubbling over in many stores in a way that executives have not addressed in a comprehensive manner.
"I found some of the worst customers were the people who had worked for the company who hadn't worked in the stores," said one employee with experience working at the shop inside the company's headquarters in Seattle. "There's such a disconnect... I don't think baristas feel that they're supported."
Simon Murray, MD: The Current and Future State of Primary Care
OCTOBER 27, 2017
MD Magazine Staff
Dr Simon Murray sat down with MD Magazine to recount the current challenges of primary care practice, and how they expect the field to evolve in the future.
What are the biggest challenges for modern primary care physicians?
We face a lot of challenges. There are more patients than they can handle generally. Costs of doing business are rising faster than they're getting paid - so economics, the economics are difficult. Morale is low. Primary care doctors see their colleagues as, right or wrong, making a lot of money and they themselves are not. They feel that they tend to be dumped on by other doctors, by the specialists.
The patients are demanding and there are a lot of patients that you have to see during the day to get by. It's difficult, it really is difficult, and I think something is going to break unless things change in the United States. I think the primary care system is really overwhelmed.
In most countries in the world, 70% of the doctors are primary care and 30% are specialists, in our country it's the reverse - 70% specialists, 30% primary care, and I don't think the government gets it, that they pay a lot of lip service to primary care and trying to improve things but they don't, nothing has changed. In fact, the work we have to do has even increased. Preauthorizations for medicines, preapprovals for X-rays, things like that. We never used to have to do that but now we have to do it more and more and more. People have to hire staff just to get preapprovals for medicines. It's onerous.
When I sit in the room with a patient, I imagine the government, Uncle Sam is there, the malpractice lawyer is there, the pharmaceutical company is there trying to persuade me, over here is a hospital trying to get me to do something and here is Medicare with the rules and regulations trying to get me, and here's the medical board here, they're all in the room together with me, all looking over my shoulder. And you feel the pressure from all of that, you know, when you're just trying to do your job and everybody else is trying to regulate your life.
Where do you see primary care in the next decade?
I see more doctors retiring early. I see less American students who want to go into primary care. I think you'll see that by the matches - the matches don't fill. The ROAD to success is radiology, orthopedics, anesthesia and dermatology - the ROAD to success. Primary care is not on that road. So primary care, pediatrics, general surgery and psychiatry are underfilled for a variety of reasons - a lot of extra work, low pay and all that.
I see that the pool of candidates who pick internal medicine may decline. The best students are not gonna take that residency - they're gonna go for the higher paying specialties, better lifestyle specialties.
That's a challenge. So the quality of internal medicine and primary care may decline. That void is going to be filled by nurse practitioners and by PAs. Frankly I don't think PAs have the ability to practice primary care medicine like a doctor can. I'm sorry to say it. They can do a lot of things, but they just can't. They don't have the training or the background to do it. But that's how they intend to fill it.
There's a general lack of respect for all professions - politicians especially, lawyers - but for a long time doctors held out. We were not really included, but we're seeing more and more of this disrespect toward us. Part of that is earned, part of it is earned. The patients are perceiving that they're not getting what they're paying for, they see their costs going way up, but the doctors are not getting it, not all of it, it's going elsewhere.
What has to change, in my opinion, to save primary care is that if patients paid a certain fee a year extra, and then used their insurance for their visits, the doctors could see far fewer patients, could take interest, and could handle a lot of things that they are referring out now. Since 85% of my income comes directly from the patients, it's definitely in my best interest to be on my best behavior, and to do what's necessary and right. I mean, I would try to do that anyway. If I don't do the right thing, they're gonna fire me.
Right now you go to the average doctor and if you're gonna leave, they probably wouldn't even notice, because he's got so many patients. I think it's woefully inadequate to spend 6, 7 minutes with a 70 year old woman with 85 problems, but that's what they're forced to do.
What areas do physicians always seem to overlook?
I think as doctors, we tend to think we can get away with being rude to people and not have any repercussions about it. I mean, I've heard so many stories and I've probably been guilty of it myself - of doctors who are in such a rush that they ignore what the patients are asking. They interrupt them before they finish their story, they're in a hurry to get through the interview, that they don't really hear what the patients have to say.
If you could give your younger self advice, what would it be?
Keep your mouth shut and just listen more. Listen more and speak less. It might also be to not make up things. Only say things that you know are right. And don't be afraid to say you don't know. Sometimes doctors don't know what the answer is so they'll just make up some story. Just say what it is. If you don't know, you don't know, but the proper answer is, "I don't know, but I think I know someone who can help you with that." It can't just end with, "I don't know," it has to always be followed with "I will try to find someone who does, or we can find someone who does, or I'll read about it or I'll find a way to figure it out."
What are your thoughts on the current state of American health care?
The fee for service system has to go, and number 2, private insurances, I'm sorry to say, have to go. They're a big problem. Everybody, I think, should be on one system. We should have a government-sponsored health plan that everybody is on.
People say, "Look at Canada, look at England, look at how bad their system is." I think they should build into those systems the right for people to opt out and have private health insurance if they want to. If you wanna drive a Ford, you can drive a Ford. If you wanna drive a Mercedes, and you have the money, you can buy a Mercedes. I think health care should be the same. Have the government sponsored plan for everybody. No private health insurance companies except if you want to pay yourself out of your pocket.
What's the most important thing physicians should always keep in mind?
The best a doctor can do is to keep well informed, to read a variety of sources, keep their mind or their mind open, that there may be other answers. An answer may exist, you may not know what it is, but it's out there maybe, and it may not be found in the New England Journal, it may be found somewhere else.
The other thing I think about medicine that doctors should know is that we're all going to be patients some day, so treat people like you would want to be treated. I don't want to be rushed by doctors, I don't want to be scolded, and I don't want to be berated for what I'm not doing right, so I try not to do that with other people.
We're all patients at some time, so I think if you remember that it goes a long way in helping you get along with people.
It's the Black Sabbath album that's over 30 years in the making and one week before the album's release, the band is streaming the entire thing in full.
Head over to the band's iTunes artist page to find a link to stream the entire disc from beginning to end (and not from end to the beginning, hiyo.) If the link leads you to another webpage, make sure to click "Open in iTunes" to hear the stream.
Here is the full tracklisting:
1. "End of the Beginning"
2. "God Is Dead?"
3. "Loner"
4. "Zeitgeist"
5. "Age of Reason"
6. "Live Forever"
7. "Damaged Soul"
8. "Dear Father"
I am currently on my first listen myself, so I cannot fully comment on the quality of the album but I have been waiting to hear this sucker for a very long time, as I assume many Metal Injection readers have.
Subscribe to Metal Injection on
So, take a puff, a swig or whatever your vice is, raise the volume and let's enjoy the new Sabbath album and then come back and let us know your thoughts!
Black Sabbath's 13 is out next Tuesday, June 11th. Pre-order the album on Amazon.com or iTunes.
[via Metal Insider]
Related Posts
Government officials in charge of collecting billions of dollars worth of royalties from oil and gas companies accepted gifts, steered contracts to favored clients and engaged in drug use and illicit sex with employees of the energy firms, federal investigators reported yesterday.
Investigators from the Interior Department's inspector general's office said more than a dozen employees, including the former director of the oil royalty program, took meals, ski trips, sports tickets and golf outings from industry representatives. The report alleges that the former director, Gregory W. Smith, also netted more than $30,000 from improper outside work.
The report from Inspector General Earl E. Devaney contains fresh allegations about the practices at the beleaguered royalty-in-kind program of Interior's Minerals Management Service, which last year collected more than $4 billion worth of oil and natural gas from companies given contracts to tap energy on federal and Indian lands and offshore. The revelations come as Congress is set to consider opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and areas off the coast of Florida for drilling.
The royalty-in-kind program, based near Denver, allows energy companies to pay the government in oil and gas, rather than cash, for the privilege of drilling on government land. It has been the subject of multiple investigations since 2006 by the Interior Department's secretary, its inspector general, the Justice Department and Congress for alleged mismanagement and conflicts of interest.
In the report released yesterday, investigators said they "discovered a culture of substance abuse and promiscuity" in which employees accepted gratuities "with prodigious frequency." The report cited one e-mail from a Shell Pipeline representative asking a woman in the royalty office to attend "tailgating festivities" at a Houston Texans football game: "You're invited . . . have you and the girls meet at my place at 6am for bubble baths and final prep. Just kidding."
Besides Shell, the energy company employees mentioned in the report worked for Chevron, Hess and Gary-Williams Energy. The social outings detailed in the report included alcohol-, cocaine- and marijuana-filled parties where certain employees of the Minerals Management Service were nicknamed the "MMS Chicks" by the energy employees. The companies paid for federal workers to attend football and baseball games, PGA Tour events, Colorado ski trips, paintball outings and "treasure hunts," investigators found.
Democrats who have opposed expanded drilling seized on the report as fodder for the debate. "This all shows the oil industry holds shocking sway over the administration and even key federal employees," said Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), who supports more exploration offshore but not in Alaska. "This is why we must not allow Big Oil's agenda to be jammed through Congress."
The current director of the Minerals Management Service, Randall B. Luthi, said that they take the report "very seriously" and added that the small number of people implicated "does not represent a culture" in an agency of about 1,700 employees. The royalty-in-kind program, where the lapses cited in the report occurred, has about 50 employees.
Many employees identified in the report told investigators that they didn't think ethics rules applied to them because of their "unique" role in the agency and that they needed to socialize with industry representatives for "market intelligence," according to the report. Those employees, some of whom have been transferred to different offices, have been recommended for internal administrative action.
The inspector general's release comprised three separate reports, including one devoted to the program's former director, Smith, 56, who resigned last year. It alleges that Smith improperly worked part time for Geomatrix Consultants, an Oakland, Calif.-based environmental and engineering firm, and marketed the company to government clients.
Additionally, the report said, Smith had an inappropriate sexual relationship with a subordinate whom they paid to buy cocaine, allegedly promising them a $250 bonus in return. The report stated that Smith admitted to the sexual encounter.
Smith, who now works for a private oil company in Denver, did not respond to requests for comment. Their lawyer, Stephen Peters, said that they have not read the report but that the allegations about drug use and sexual liaisons "sound very much embellished and fabricated. . . . Greg Smith was a very loyal and dedicated employee" who increased revenue under their watch.
While the rest of the world has shown scant confidence in US President Donald Trump's ability to do the right thing on international affairs, Israel and Russia alone ranked them higher than former President Barack Obama, according to a Pew Research Center survey of attitudes toward Trump in more than three dozen countries.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Most of those surveyed also disapprove of Trump's major policies, including their promise to erect a physical wall along the border between the US and Mexico, and temporarily halting travel from six mostly Muslim countries.
In terms of personal traits, more than half see the US president as a strong leader, but that positive view is outweighed by larger majorities who describe the real estate developer and former reality TV star as arrogant, intolerant or dangerous.
US President Trump (Photo: EPA)
Among the 37 countries Pew surveyed, Trump scored higher marks than their predecessor, President Barack Obama, in two: Russia and Israel.
Pew has produced this survey annually since 2002, starting with the first term of George W. Bush. The edition released late Monday is the first conducted since Trump took office in January.
According to the survey, a median of 22 percent across all the countries surveyed expressed confidence that Trump will do the right thing when it comes to international affairs. That means that if the results from each country are ranked in order, 22 percent is the midpoint, with the percentage expressing confidence in Trump falling above or below that point in equal numbers of countries.
The 22 percent rating marks a steep drop from the closing years of Obama's presidency, when a median of 64 percent expressed confidence in Obama' ability to direct America's role in the world.
Trump's largest base of support comes from Filipinos, 69 percent of whom say they have confidence in him. Nations in which more than half of the public offers positive opinions of Trump include Nigeria and Vietnam, 58 percent each; Israel, 56 percent and Russia, 53 percent.
Both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping, with confidence ratings of 27 percent and 28 percent respectively, scored higher than Trump. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, with a confidence rating of 42 percent, scored highest among the four leaders in the survey.
The results are based on telephone and face-to-face interviews conducted among 40,447 respondents in 37 countries in all regions of the world between Feb. 16 and May 8.
Bush's ratings fell after the US invaded Iraq in 2003 and never fully recovered in some countries. Across 26 nations that Pew surveyed near the end of Bush's term, a median of only 27 percent had confidence in Bush's ability to handle international affairs.
Ratings for America's president rose in 2009 after Obama took office. There was a dip in confidence in some countries that coincided with Obama's increased use of drone strikes and a National Security Agency spying scandal, but Obama enjoyed a median confidence rating of 64 percent across 37 countries surveyed near the end of their second term.
Former US President Barack Obama (Photo: Reuters)
The survey found widespread disapproval of some of Trump's major policies. The promised US-Mexico border wall is opposed by a median of 76 percent across the 37 countries, rising to 94 percent in Mexico.
More than 7 in 10 disagree with Trump's proposals to pull the US out of a landmark climate change agreement and withdraw from multinational trade deals such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Trump has pulled the US out of both agreements, although the survey was conducted before their June 2 announcement on exiting the Paris climate accord.
More than 60 percent disapprove of Trump's proposal for a temporary ban on people entering the US from certain majority Muslim countries. More than half the respondents in four countries—Hungary, Israel, Poland and Russia—support the proposal. Opposition was strong in several largely Muslim countries, including Jordan, Lebanon and Senegal.
US courts had blocked two versions of Trump's travel ban, but they won a partial victory Monday when the US Supreme Court allowed the administration to go forward with a limited version of the ban. The high court also agreed to hear arguments in the case in October. The ban applies to visitors from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
The Pew survey also found opposition to Trump's proposal to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, which they have yet to act on.
While 55 percent see Trump as a strong leader, larger majorities of those surveyed said they see them as arrogant, 75 percent; intolerant, 65 percent; and dangerous, 62 percent.
Amid federal and congressional investigations into possible election-year coordination between Trump and Russian government officials, Russia is one of two countries to give Trump higher marks than it did Obama. Israel also scored Trump higher than Obama. Obama fell out of favor with Israel after negotiating the nuclear deal with Iran, an enemy of the Jewish state.
The internet saw its average peak connection speed jump almost 35 percent at the end of last year, even as more and more people started accessing vital (and trivial) internet services through their mobile devices, according to the latest edition of Akamai's State of the Internet report for the three months ending December 31, 2012. Akamai calculates the speeds and other data included in the report based on activity on the Akamai network.
Here are some broadband highlights for the fourth quarter of 2012 from Akamai's official press release
Advertisement
Quarter-over-quarter, the global average connection speed rose 5 percent to 2.9 Mbps
On a year-over-year basis, average connection speeds grew by 25 percent. South Korea had an average speed of 14 Mbps while Japan came in second with 10.8 Mbps and the U.S. came in the eighth spot with 7.4 Mbps.
Year-over-year, global average peak connection speeds once again demonstrated significant improvement, rising 35 percent. Hong Kong came in first with peak speed of 57.5 Mbps while South Korea came in at 49.3 Mbps. The United States came in 13th at 31.5 Mbps.
Global broadband adoption rates are closer to 42 percent while high broadband (higher than 10 Mbps) adoption rates are at 11 percent. In South Korea, nearly 49 percent of connections qualify as high-broadband, followed by Japan with 39 percent and the U.S. at 19 percent. South Korea has 86 percent broadband penetration, while the U.S. stands at 64 percent.
The average connection speeds on surveyed mobile networks ranged from just over 8.0 Mbps to 345 kbps.
Ericsson, which partners with Akamai, said that mobile data traffic doubled from the fourth quarter of 2011 to the fourth quarter of 2012. It was up a whopping 28 percent between the third and fourth quarter of 2012 .
from the fourth quarter of 2011 to the fourth quarter of 2012. It was up a whopping . In Europe, Romania lead the charts with a fourth quarter average peak connection speed of 42.6 Mbps, followed by Switzerland with 34.2 Mbps and Belgium at 33.4 Mbps. In comparison, Hong Kong average peak connection clocked in at 57.5 Mbps.
About 23 percent of Swiss connections are 10 Mbps or higher, followed by the Netherlands which has 21 percent high-broadband adoption rate, just ahead of Sweden with 19 percent.
Here is a look at the U.S. broadband scenario.
Vermont is the fastest state with average connection speed of 10.8 Mbps, followed by Delaware with 10.6 Mbps.
Akamai said that the average peak connection speed increased by 1.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012 to 43.1 Mbps, with Vermont again topping the charts with 41.4 Mbps.
When it comes to high-broadband, nearly 34 percent of broadband connections in New Hampshire are above 10 Mbps, followed by Washington D.C. with 33 percent and New Jersey, also at 33 percent. Thanks to the presence of Verizon FiOS, New Jersey saw a 12 percent quarter over quarter growth in high-broadband connections.
In terms of broadband adoption, Delaware is tops with 87 percent of its connections faster than 4 Mbps, followed by New Hampshire (87 percent) and Rhode Island (83 percent.)
As you might have noticed: if you are a small country (or a smaller state), you can have really high broadband adoption because it is easier to build out your broadband infrastructure. Of course, it also helps if there are people willing to spend money on this stuff.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
"Drones" are changing the world's view of aviation rapidly. At first, larger models such as the Predator and Global Hawk took center-stage in the public's consciousness, but now small unmanned aircraft, some the size of lunchbox or even smaller, are capturing the public's imagination and keeping defense and homeland security planners up at night.
As I have discussed for years, drones are going to start looking much more like organic species. The Army apparently agrees and sees the value of hiding in plain sight, this is why the service is rapidly acquiring dozens of "Maveric" bird like drones for its Special Forces teams. Maveric has about an hour of flight time per battery charge and can be deployed by a single soldier. Additionally, the small drone is silent to anyone on the ground when it is at altitude. The uses for such a system are both plentiful and obvious.
Smaller, more prolific drone technology, especially when it looks like an organic creature, does represent a double edged sword. In fact, almost all miniaturized drone technology that is spreading throughout the commercial and civilian world has a dark side.
These diminutive man-portable drones can be turned from surveillance assets and backyard toys to assassination tools by swapping out their payloads. Even the quad-rotor type hobbyist/commercial drones, like those controversially pimped to millions on 60 Minutes by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos recently, can carry around half a dozen pounds. Swap out that pair of earphones or cookbook you ordered online, or a DSLR camera when it comes to rudimentary commercial photography drones, with an improvised explosive device and you have a guided missile capable of some very horrific things. Now mutate that same capability into something that looks just like an ordinary bird and a clear and present problem emerges for those who work hard at protecting very important people and infrastructure.
The line between guided munitions and drones is blurring rapidly and will continue to do so as the defense industry realizes just how useful a small and optionally suicidal drone can be. Korea's Killer Devil is just one example of these new militarized surveillance drones that possess a secondary capability as a guided weapon.
Advertisement
Just recently we saw two "wake-up call" moments when it comes to readily available drone technology and their potential to turn from a science project and weekend toy, or a cheap surveillance platform, to a deadly delivery vehicle. A Moroccan man was planning to attack schools and federal buildings in Connecticut with hobby-like drones. Luckily the man was busted before their heinous act could be executed. Then there was the revelation that North Korea was using rudimentary drones with DSLR cameras attached to take satellite-like imagery of key South Korean installations. The imagery that these uncomplicated drones took was of high quality but was not of great strategic importance, but the fact that these expendable drones that feature a relatively tiny radar signature were buzzing around South Korea, one of the most militarized places in the world, without anyone knowing, definitely was.
The South Koreans realized that if the North let off thousands of these drones with explosives attached instead of DSLR cameras they could cause great terror and fear. A V-1 Rocket of the modern era if you will. The whole event has brought on a movement to up South Korea's aerial surveillance game and sensitive radar systems mounted on aerostat balloons may be the solution along with a counter rocket, artillery and mortar (C-RAM) system like Israel's Iron Dome (seen in action in the video below). But such a countermeasure capability will only come at an incredibly expensive cost.
As drone technology continues to develop you will see a new emphasis put on securing the airspace around VVIPs and very delicate but important infrastructure on a level greater than anything we have ever seen before. Whereas the threat from direct fire has been paramount when it comes to VVIP security, the focus will begin to morph more and more into protection against nontraditional indirect fire, aka small drones with evil payloads. The stark reality is that it is almost impossible to shoot a small drone down with traditional small arms (see video below), and those bullets travel long distances and end up impacting something or someone.
Currently, some C-RAM systems do have a latent counter-UAV capability. Systems like the ground based Phalanx called the Centurion, have a sensitive doppler radar and IR/EO search, track, and engage capability. But to be able to really protect one's "inner sphere" when exposed to the outside world, especially in urban areas where firing self destructing 20mm ammo at 4500 rounds per minute is not good politics, light speed weapons, along with jamming, are the future.
Currently, a laser version of the Navy's staple "Phalanx" Close In Weapons System is about to be deployed to the Persian Gulf for the first time and is capable of taking down small drones quickly, reliably and with minimal collateral damage. Although this system is becoming operationally capable, it does not solve the much more pressing issue of protecting often mobile VVIPs and critical infrastructure. This is where the Army's newly unveiled High Energy Laser Mobile Demonstrator's (HELMD) technology comes into play.
HELMD sports a 10kw laser mounted in a turret on a hardened wheeled vehicle. Soon it is said that the system will be increased to 50kw of laser energy which will greatly increase its ability to rapidly engage targets. Since the HELMD laser is solid state and does not rely on expensive and bulky chemicals for fuel it can do what a $50,000 Iron Dome missile does for just a few dollars per shot.
Advertisement
Additionally, these vehicles will eventually be capable of being integrated into sensitive radar systems and infrared search and track systems that provide 360' staring coverage. This means a operational system similar to the HELMD can be parked near a VVIP offloading from an airplane, or next to sensitive national infrastructure, and defend a line of sight sphere around it with great efficiency and unlimited followup shot potential.
Although the bird-like Maveric drone ,and other systems like it, are an innovative and a highly effective tool for our soldiers in the field, as time goes by such a stealthy capability could, and most likely would, be used against us. So don't be surprised when when you start seeing mobile laser systems like the HELMD popping up around critical US infrastructure and high priority targets and individuals in the near future. It is just another piece of twine in the exciting but also unsettling new world of unmanned weaponry. One where the word "drone" will increasingly be associated with both friend and foe…
Advertisement
Tyler Rogoway is a defense journalist and photographer that maintains the website Foxtrot Alpha for Jalopnik.com You can reach Tyler with story ideas or direct comments regarding this or any other defense topic via the email address Tyler@Jalopnik.com
Hillary Clinton became the first woman to become a major-party candidate in the presidential race but fell short of securing the spot of the United States first female president. However, there was another woman making history as Donald Trump claimed victory in the 2016 presidential race. Kellyanne Conway became the first woman to successfully run a winning presidential campaign.
Take a bow, @KellyannePolls. First woman to run a successful presidential campaign in U.S. history. — Mollie (@MZHemingway) November 9, 2016
Breitbart reports that Kellyanne Conway made history as the first female to run a victorious presidential campaign, marking a huge moment for women in history. Conway initially broke barriers by becoming the first female to ever run a Republican presidential campaign which proved a smart addition to the Trump team as Conway led the team to victory.
So thrilled @KellyannePolls got the chance 2 show their talent & expertise after working in the trenches 4 years Congrats!! @deneenborelli pic.twitter.com/e9Dfq5BGlx — Tom Borelli (@tomborelli) November 10, 2016
Cosmopolitan reports that though Kellyanne Conway wasn't made campaign manager until August 17, they were an integral part of the Trump campaign prior to their promotion, advising Trump's team on how to best appeal to female voters. Conway's advise seemingly paid off as FiveThirtyEight reports that Trump received more votes from white women than Clinton.
“Clinton lost the votes of white women overall and struggled to win women voters without a college education in states that could have propelled them to victory.”
Kellyanne has earned their spot as a political powerhouse and has proven that gender is not an obstacle for women hoping to go into political advising careers. While Trump struggled from allegations of being “sexist,” Conway has maintained that the president-elect was being painted in a poor light and that they were a champion for women. In fact, those claims seemed somewhat backed up by the fact that Trump gave the single most important campaign position to a woman despite it being a first for any Republican candidate.
12 hours after watching returns and a win unfold at Trump Tower, our team is taking in Hillary's concession speech. #surreal #wemadehistory — Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 9, 2016
However, Kellyanne told CNN that they were not chosen for the key position due to them gender.
“I wasn't hired because of my gender. But it's a special responsibility. I want to do right, apart from my gender — I want to do right as a campaign manager.”
Conway's educational background is second-to-none as they graduated magna cum laude from Trinity College in Washington, D.C., earning a degree in political science. They then studied at Oxford University and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, a prestigious honors society. After studying at Oxford, Conway would go on to earn a law degree with honors from George Washington University Law Center. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that Kellyanne was chosen for the tough task of running a winning presidential campaign.
Conway says they were tough on Trump throughout the campaign and that they didn't “sugarcoat” anything with him. They note that after their Gettysburg speech, they were upset with them because they thought they sounded somewhat “defeated.” They recount the conversation they had with Trump in the airplane after the Gettysburg speech when they went off script and ranted a little too much for Conway's liking.
“You and I are in a fight for the next 17 days. Because I know you're going to win. And that comment you just made sounds like you think you're going to lose. And we're going to argue about it until you win.”
Kellyanne's tough approach and unending support of their candidate through thick and thin paid off not only for president-elect Donald Trump, but also for their career. Kellyanne has officially broken one of the glass ceilings placed before women and they are relishing every moment of it.
Our “reach state” #PA comes home. Blue wall busted. This South Jersey/Philly girl elated. Must have been the Wawa and Pat's Steaks visits https://t.co/NsHW7DFDgm — Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 9, 2016
However, things may not be over for Kellyanne Conway. Rudy Giuliani has indicated that they may be in the short list of potential people to hold the position of chief of staff.
What do you think about the historic firsts for women this 2016 presidential season? Will it all be overshadowed by Clinton's loss?
[Feature Image by John Locher/AP Images]
Bottom line: Red Hat is also doing very well, indeed, like ‘Orrible, much better than might have been expected. For its third quarter, also ending close of November, the firm showed sales up an extremely healthy 21% year on year (to $236m).
Digging into that, we see some very nice aspects in here, such as it being able to record $199m in subscription support revenues, up 21%, while training and other services revenues rose to $37m, a 23% increase over the same three months in 2009. It also seems to be confirming bigger contracts, and more often: the firm's CFO was able to say, for instance, in the results concall that of the top 30 deals closed in the quarter (including new customers as well as renewals) by the Red Hat sales team, one was worth over $5m and another 15 were all over the $1m mark. Finally, it seems to have got a convincing go-to-market pipeline, as it can offer both an enterprise (direct sale) and mid-range (channel) option (a 40-60 split in terms of how it sells its wares now, apparently).
We'll get to profitability in a minute, and it's a lot less straightforward than Ezza's mob's, to be sure – but still going the right way no matter how you cut it. But this all suggests that Red Hat – especially now that it's seen off the putative competition, that of SUSE, as less than successfully brought to market by the former Novell – is abso-tootle the only Linux game in town. (Though – stay your hands, Red Hat publicists! – we will immediately also be happy to acknowledge it's also a contender/moving into the middleware and virtualisation markets, too.)
Therefore – a bit, again, like Oracle – Red Hat is now a serious alternative for (as appropriate) Microsoft, IBM (WebSphere) and former Sun solutions in the OS and middleware arenas. So, all good so far.
Now for the niggles. We said we'd review the profit aspect. The issue is a bit complicated down to some legal hassles the firm's been experiencing due to an investor lawsuit for disappointing 2002, 2003 and indeed Q1 2004 results.
So this time in 2009 it paid off the last of the costs arising from that, which means that on paper its net shot up 59%, but factor that out (as we should) its profits only actually went up 5%. So, question: when will investors get solid and sustained benefits from that? (This is what makes a blue-chip stock worth the name; it offers more stakeholder ROI, remember.)
A big aspect here is product transition, which as you become a bigger and bigger company becomes more and more of an annual or bi-annual hassle (ask MSFT). Red Hat has only just (November) launched the latest (6) version of its core Enterprise Linux offering, and it will take a while for customers to move on to it, assuming they see enough of a motivation to do so anyway (er, sorry, can't resist saying ‘Ask MSFT' again on this one, thinking Vista vs XP and all that). So question two: can it get that ramp moving quickly enough? Yes, the firm says it's seen $10m in version 6 sales already, but there will by the nature of how software works be a lag here.
The company will, of course, soon be telling us, when it releases and discusses its full end of its 2010-11 fiscal year, which ends in February. So far, it says we can expect it to be getting that much nearer to the billion-dollar mark for the full year ($900m, to be precise), and it says it will be profitable on that run-rate.
A Linux firm making a billion dollars a year? They'd have clapped you in irons and/or put you in the rubber room for saying we'd see that 10 years back. Linux has indeed come of age; though one can carp it's proven a one-horse pony, not a general industry-remaker.
So, yes. Red Hat ‘won'. Its next challenge is to convince us that Linux shouldn't be a what-if? data centre choice, but a why-not? – which will take another good few years of solid delivery, way beyond 2011.
But the opportunity is there, and we tip our caps to the Red One for so doing.
A suit to bathe in, a vacuum-suctioning dressing gown and a temperature-regulating duvet feature in this collection designed by Central Saint Martins graduate Christine Lew for life on Mars.
The Galactic Everyday is Lew's final project from the London university's Material Futures course. It aims to examine the "overlooked everyday aspects of future life in space".
Through discussions with peers and space experts, they developed a series of objects that would enable humans to carry out normal everyday tasks once they relocate.
"I began my project by asking how might we take a bath in outer space," Lew told Dezeen. "I realised the everyday routine and how humans will live comfortably in space has been completely overlooked by science."
"The Galactic Everyday intends to address this grey area of long-term space colonisation in hopes to inspire others to reflect on humanising space and how humans will one day call another planet home."
The main piece in the conceptual collection is a "bath suit" that would allow humans to have a warm bath inside their space suit.
Water entry points are located on various points of the waterproof suit so that it can be attached to taps and filled up.
The complete the bedtime ritual, Lew also designed a vacuum-suction bathrobe to put on post-bath, and a temperature-regulating duvet for when they get into bed.
While acknowledging the products aren't actually commercially viable, Lew hopes they will create a conversation about the more human aspects of space colonisation.
"These artefacts are not intended to be actual commercial products but speculative design artefacts driven to critique the lack of research in humanising space and overlooking the comforts of human-life during long-term space exploration," they said.
There has been a growing interest in Mars colonisation since NASA's robotic Curiosity rover landed on the planet in 2012.
In 2013, over 200,000 people applied for a one-way ticket to join a Mars settlement, and in 2015 NASA ran a competition to find proposals for 3D-printed housing on the red planet.
Architecture studio Foster + Partners has been investigating the possibilities for building on the planet, while MAD founder Ma Yansong created a range of sci-fi-inspired furniture, designed to be used when humans colonise there.
Related story Elon Musk announces plans to start colonising Mars in six years
German designer Franziska Steingen took a more morbid approach, crafting a grieving set for astronauts that don't make the journey to the planet.
Vulnerable children from Kent are having to be cared for outside the county because of the influx of asylum seeker children, it has been claimed.
Social services chiefs say they have had no option but to place local children away from the county as the problem of large numbers of asylum seeker children arriving in Kent goes on.
The numbers involved are said to be small but underline the continuing strains the authority is under.
Cllr Peter Oakford, the cabinet member for children's care, said the county council was under constant pressure that would only be relieved if there was a compulsory scheme for asylum children to be dispersed around the country.
Stock image
In a briefing to county councillors last week, they revealed: “Due to the 30% rise in LACs [Looked After Children] in seven months the availability of accommodation in Kent and Medway is extremely limited.
"This has affected our ability to place citizen children within Kent ourselves."
They continued: “We have had to place Kent children outside Kent due to the influx of unaccompanied minors, which is not a good position to be in and not a position we want to be in.
"It is actually costing us more financially because we have had to place six children in the short term in residential care which is far more expensive than normal foster care.”
They said that while the rate of arrivals had slowed, there was still a steady stream of arrivals that continued to put strains on the authority.
“We have had to place Kent children outside Kent due to the influx of unaccompanied minors, which is not a good position to be" - Cllr Peter Oakford
“The winter arrival rate has slowed, we had two or three weeks with very few arrivals.
"We are now looking at 10 or 15 a week. Although that doesn't sound much compared with what we had in the summer, it is still three to four times the rate we had last winter.”
“That is around 40 to 50 a month, which will add an additional 200 between now and April.
"Then, if the numbers start to increase as they did last year, we will be in significant difficulties.”
They said that around 285 of the current 1,382 asylum children in KCC's care were placed outside the county "due to the [lack of] availability of foster carers and care facilities within the county.”
There had been little help for KCC from other councils despite a stern letter to all councils from the Home Secretary Theresa May, urging them to step in and help.
“A total of 22 authorities have accepted full responsibility for 56 unaccompanied minors.
Prime Minister Theresa May
"There are outstanding offers for 35 but we are still waiting for them to be transferred because they all put conditions around that.
"One authority said it would only take children under the age of five, which is a bit of a challenge for someone coming from Afghanistan.”
On the plus side, Cllr Oakford said the council had received 350 offers of support to help with asylum seeker children from groups and individuals.
“It is superb and there has been a very generous response from the public.”
But they added that the council had seen a rise in complaints from the public because of the number of asylum children in Kent's care being accommodated in “certain communities.”
“Until a dispersal programme comes into being, it will be very difficult to address that.”
At the same time as looking after children at risk from Kent and abroad, the council still had 1,360 children to look after from other local authorities.
KCC is likely to call on the government to use reserve powers in a new immigration act going through Parliament to bring in a compulsory dispersal scheme.
“We hope the government will do that and start to relieve some of the pressure that we have in Kent,” said Mr Oakford.
Council officials say they are concerned the summer could see a repeat of last year's surge.
Philip Segurola, director of specialist children services, said: “The concern is that the arrival season from April and May will pick up again. That is a real anxiety.
KCC cabinet member Peter Oakford
"The expectation is that the numbers arriving this year are likely to be the same as last year, if not even higher. Our ability to sustain another year are extremely concerning.”
The stark picture of the crisis was described as depressing by UKIP councillor Zita Wiltshire.
“It is depressing, to say the least. Other authorities have taken just 22 children - that is a disgrace and they should be hanging their heads in shame.”
IN NUMBERS:
Number of Unaccompanied Asylum Seeker Children in Kent: 1,382
Under 18: 926
Over 18: 456
In reception centres: 81
Quote President Trump delivered one of the most important speeches of their young presidency on Thursday. Billed as ‘Remarks to the people of Poland,' the address was as clear a statement we've heard of Trump's nation-state populism.
President Trump's Remarkable Warsaw Speech
Matthew Continetti
Washington Free Beacon
July 6, 2017
President Trump delivered one of the most important speeches of their young presidency on Thursday. Billed as “Remarks to the people of Poland,” the address was as clear a statement we've heard of Trump's nation-state populism.
…
Trump cited Bishop Michael Kozal, who died in Dachau: “More horrifying than a defeat of arms is a collapse of the human spirit.” A nation can endure economic recession, and even military occupation. What it cannot recover from is loss of pride. “As the Polish experience reminds us,” Trump said, “the defense of the West ultimately rests not only means but also on the will of its people to prevail and be successful and get what you have to have.”
This lesson raises “the fundamental question of our time”:
Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?
What Trump is saying is that the future of the liberal democratic West depends on the non-liberal-democratic institutions from which we derive our values: family and faith. “We can have the largest economies and the most lethal weapons anywhere on Earth, but if we do not have strong families and strong values, then we will be weak and we will not survive.” Nor will we survive if we neglect the non-liberal-democratic institutions that enforce liberal-democratic values: the military and police.
Trump doesn't just want victory over ISIS. What they are calling for is nothing less than a reinvigoration of national spirit, of confidence, of pride in America and their allies. “Our own fight for the West does not begin on the battlefield—it begins with our minds, our wills, and our souls.”
These are more than remarks to the Poles. They describe a world of sovereign nation-states, governed by peoples proud of their histories and confident in their futures, united in common cause against the enemies of civilization, of freedom and human dignity. And Trump presents a challenge in the form of a question: Are we still made of that stuff that populated a continent, became an industrial powerhouse, went to the moon, and defeated the Kaiser and the Führer and the Emperor and the Politburo? I hope the answer is yes.
Read the full column here.
Balkan state and European Union neighbour Bosnia is a “safe-house for radicals” and enjoys a “stable terrorist infrastructure” according to a major German news magazine.
From a population of just 3.8 million an estimated 300 individuals have left 45-per-cent-Muslim Bosnia and Herzegovina, the former Yugoslavian republic, to join the Islamic State. The only nation which has sent more citizens per-capita to the Islamic State is Belgium.
Not only is the nation a feeder state to ISIS, but it is also an exporter of terror and munitions to Western Europe. A profile by German news magazine Spiegel reports findings by the Bosnian security ministry which showed weapons used to attack the Charlie Hebdo offices and the Bataclan concert hall, both in Paris, had come from the nation.
Now quoting a former National Security Agency (NSA, U.S.A.) officer and expert on the region, the Spiegel article has cast Bosnia as a “sanctuary” for Islamic State fighters and leaders. John Schindler told the magazine that Bosnia is now “considered something of a ‘safehouse' for radicals”.
The existence of whole areas of the country where Western norms have failed to prevail but are instead run as outposts of the Islamic State have received attention from the European Union and world media, but are officially denied by the Bosnian government.
Breitbart London reported on one such village after its discovery in 2015, a Bosnian settlement where extreme Wahabbist Muslims had been buying up land and training fighters for the Islamic State. A man from the village attacked the American embassy in Sarajevo in 2011 with a machine gun.
A local said of the isolated houses located in dense woodland: “We regularly hear gunshots coming from the woods up there for long periods at a time. It happens every week.
“I don't know what they are doing, whether it is target practice or something like that, but it happens regularly”.
!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],p=/^http:/.test(d.location)?'http':'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src=p+"://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");
Star midfielder Nat Fyfe has committed to the club until the end of season 2017 after agreeing to a three-year contract extension with Fremantle.The 22-year-old reigning Doig Medallist, who was out of contract at the end of this season, said they were excited to re-sign with the club.“I've really enjoyed playing with Freo and I'm from WA,” they said.“Ultimately, the best fit for me was to stay here in Freo.”The club's position on and off the field also had a ‘big' role to play in keeping Fyfe at Fremantle.“There's a strong culture being built now since the acquisition of Ross Lyon and their coaching staff,” Fyfe said.“That culture is really driven by the players – high accountability, high standards.“It's great to be a part of that building process and I really want to be a part of that going forward from here.”General manager of player management Brad Lloyd said Fremantle was extremely pleased to re-sign the 2013 club champion.“Nathan has become an integral part of our midfield group,” Lloyd said.“He is a super competitor who has had a strong intent and focus to get the best out of themselves from the day they arrived at the football club  They are still only 22 years of age, so we look forward to their continued progression in the coming years."Fyfe hails from Lake Grace, 345km southeast of Perth. They were drafted by Freo in the 2009 National Draft with pick 20 after playing their junior football at Aquinas College and Claremont.He made their AFL debut in round 5, 2010, against Richmond at Patersons Stadium.Fyfe enjoyed a breakout second season in 2011, finishing a runner-up to captain Matthew Pavlich in the Doig Medal before taking out the award in 2013.A prodigious talent who has evolved into one of the most exciting and damaging midfielders in the game, Fyfe has now played 83 games and kicked 64 goals.
On Saturday, Republicans celebrated Charles Djou's special election victory in Hawaii's heavily Democratic 1st District. GOP threw gasoline on Hawaii fires
Six months ago, a bitter intra-party fight cost the GOP a House seat in an upstate New York special election.
As it turns out, House Republicans learned a few lessons from the experience. And on Saturday, they put some of that hard-won knowledge to work in Republican Charles Djou's special election victory in Hawaii's heavily Democratic 1st District.
Story Continued Below
While there were very few similarities between the two races—the New York race was marked by an ideological fight while the Hawaii contest turned on local personalities—the end result in both was that a fractured field cost each party control of a House seat.
In Saturday's Hawaii special election, Washington Republicans explicitly attempted to fuel local Democratic Party discord surrounding the two top candidates, former Rep. Ed Case, the candidate whom the National Republican Congressional Committee and Democratic Congressional Committee alike determined posed the greatest threat to Djou in a three-way race, and state Senate President Colleen Hanabusa, who was the choice of the state Democratic establishment.
Mapping out their plan of attack in nightly Hawaii-focused 7:00 pm meetings, top NRCC brass sought ways to exploit the hard feelings that still remained from Case's 2006 primary challenge to Democratic Sen. Daniel Akaka—a move that rankles many Hawaii Democrats to this day.
In one instance Djou media advisor Ben Burger worked with NRCC officials to craft a 30-second TV ad that asserted Case missed many votes “while campaigning against Senator Akaka.”
The Hawaii Republican Party, for its part, put out a mailer needling Case on “Integrity”—a not so-subtle jab at their 2006 Senate primary challenge, which Akaka and powerful senior Sen. Daniel Inouye insist took place despite a promise to them that they would not challenge Akaka.
Case contends that they responded at the time that they would not rule out a Senate run.
John Peschong, a GOP strategist who is a veteran of Hawaii races, said the offensive bruised Case and left them unable to muster a solid base of support—Djou won Saturday 39 percent to 30 percent for Hanabusa, while Case finished third with 27 percent.
“The Republicans' on-point messages combined with the bad blood between Case and Hanabusa that has existed since Case challenged Senator Daniel Akaka, never allowed Case to find their niche in this race, and therefore, they were never able to develop a base or a strong following,” said Peschong.
The other plank in the GOP's anti-Case strategy: remind Democratic voters of Case's apostasy on key issues.
Djou's final TV ad sought to brand Case as an unreliable Democrat—a case that many of their Democratic critics had made before—noting that the former member of congress had called themselves an “Independent, now a strong Democrat, and even a conservative.”
“Hawaii just can't trust Ed Case,” the ad ended ominously.
Confessions of a D&D Camp Counselor
I have a great job, I'm a counselor at D&D camp, which is to say that I have the best job ever. I don't mean to gloat, but my time as a D&D counselor has been incredibly enjoyable and I'm sure if you read along you'll share in the fun of the last week.
Before camp began, I spent a week learning about how to spot child abuse (very important!) and care for kids. Before I met the kids I went over to the camp director's house in the middle of a Sunday afternoon. Myself and the other counselors met up and we played some D&D; I taught the old schoolers how to play 4e, while the director of the camp gave me a refresher on how to play 3.5e. After four hours of being paid to play D&D and think up campaign ideas it was time to get ready for the first day of camp.
The first morning was spent creating characters. I quickly remembered that for children D&D is a very different game. If you've been reading Dungeon's Master for any period of time or been listening to my actual play podcast you'll know that I play with some of the most hopeless min/maxers in the universe and so it was refreshing to play with 10-year-olds. Some kids had a better idea of how to play than others and some of them really built their characters from the heart. One character, named Stealth Phoenix (who has a stealth score of -2), wanted to “be a dragon who is a dual wields flails.” Ok kid you've got it, you're a Fighter, for so many reasons.
After staring at the PHB for about 15 seconds they declared “The words are too confusing!” so I just described the powers to him, ala “…with a sweep of your flail you tangle your enemy's ankles with a rusty chain and pull their legs out from under them and strike them and they crash to the ground!” Every time their eyes lit up and they started acting out power rangers moves I wrote the attack down on their character sheet. I know that developing a mathematically perfect character and seeing it work as planned is satisfying, but I guarantee that this kid has more fun than you, you min/maxer you.
We broke for lunch and after a rousing game of Sphere of Annihilation (dodgeball) the adventure was underway. The first encounter ended up being a very in-depth social one and I was very impressed by my campers. An enemy adventuring party was threatening them and the tensions were high. Rosie, the party's Rouge wanted to ambush them later to protect their pet camel, Spit, from combat, and as such convinced Super Jake the Wizard to be peaceful. Super Jake was created by someone who rolled up Wizard because they wanted to blow up everything in sight. So rather than being arrested for fighting in town they made their way to the bar and pretended to drink for 20 minutes, and then after they grew bored of describing the silly things that (apparently) drunk people do, it was back on the road to fulfill their quest.
Day two arrived and already. The Hunters (which was the name of their adventuring company) were starting to show some signs of teamwork. They saw the enemy party walking down the Old Silver Road, a dusty back woods trail, and created an extremely elaborate ambush. In the time span of 5 minutes they wanted to dig a 20-foot deep pit trap filled with giant spikes, that when triggered would cause the near by trees to collapse into the pit which they would then light on fire.
The party wanted to use Stealth Phoenix's horse as bait for the ambush, at which time they informed us that their character had fused themselves to their horse by way of powerful fire magic; they presented us with a huge sized figure they had sculpted out of clay the night before. After some debate we agreed that they could be a half-man/half-horse fire creature, provided that it gave them no mechanical benefits and that they were still a medium sized creature. They eventually defeated Skrall, the Dragonborn Sorceress. A cheer went out and it was time to loot, and argue for 15 minutes over who got the +1 magic dagger.
As the week progressed and the party's characters better emerged, the plot line I had written became submerged. Instead of having kids ask leading questions about the next leg of the journey I started getting questions like “Can we fight Orcus?” and “Can I have a +1,000 sword?”. It's hard to keep kids on track but every DM has to know their limitations and give way to the will of the players. As much as I am supposed to be the DM, exploring the depths of the mines was not as interesting a plot-line as seeing if Spit the camel is faster than Stealth Phoenix's horse, which is also named Stealth Phoenix. At the end of the race track they found a dragon's lair because they wanted to fight a dragon, and though it might seem unlikely, within the dragon's hoard were two +2 flails of haste.
“+2 Flail of Haste?” you say. Don't bother looking it up it's not a “real” item. You know what these kids haven't unlearned that a lot of the people I play D&D with have? Unless you've resigned to play a by-the-book kind of game with lots of rules and number crunching you don't even need your rule books. You could do well to get rid of your character sheet as well. Instead of picking powers from the books, my kids made them up, and none of them cared about game balance. So what if the Rogue has a power where they blind their enemies with the blood of someone they just beheaded with a dagger? The kids are more concerned about how awesome the things that happen are then the mechanical justification for their use.
Let's not look back on our youth foolishly and claim that those days were better just because we were younger. Kids cheat, pretty much constantly. Most of the kids that I was DMing for were only in favour of the rules so long as they let them fly around with a magical lightning sword, they rest of the rules, like the rules for drowning, they didn't like as much. One reason why the “rulebooks in the fireplace” style of DMing works so much better with these kids is that you have to cheat like crazy just to counteract their cheating, or else become the dice police, which is no fun at all.
On the final day of camp I held an all out no holds barred battle arena. The kids pitted their wits against each other in mortal combat, to the winner went the chance to face my character in a one-on-one duel. With level 5 characters they competed in games of capture the flag, king of the hill, team death match and a special elimination round against level 33 Orcus, where they gained points for each round of combat they survived. It was all very light hearted and a good time was had by all, what with people half my age screaming “CRIT!” in my ear, and with bonus points given out to those who would describe their attacks in as great detail as possible. In the end the Paladin named General Specific came out on top by a single point and it was time for head-to-head combat.
I bragged about how unbeatable my character was for the whole week and so the kids were really excited to see how things would unfold. Whenever we played kids vs. counselors capture the flag the kids would go ape with excitement, but I wasn't really prepared for what I would experience. In the end the battle lasted three rounds, as my Dwarven dual-wielding axe Ranger (yeah you know the one) laid waste to the Paladin, but a grand time was had by all. And so, the campers begin their conspiring to build characters that can beat me for next week's arena.
That was week one as a D&D counselor. I learned a lot about DMing and playing D&D from the kids that I spent the week with, and so you can understand why I'm looking forward to the next eight weeks of my full time employment. If you're interested in hearing more about my experiences at D&D camp or would like to read more of the insights I gained from playing with kids, leave your comments below.
Dungeons & Dragons Camp runs from July 5 – September 3, 2010 at the Toronto Harbourfront Centre.
What happens next?
Follow @ameron_dm
Looking for instant updates? Subscribe to the Dungeon's Master feed!
Pin 91 Shares
Originating in ancient Egypt, carrots didn't start out so orange. Can you imagine how Bugs Bunny would look chomping down on one of these?
When you think of carrots what is the first thing that comes to mind? One thing is for sure, you don't think “Gee, you mean that long purple vegetable.” Well here's news for you, the original colour of the carrot was not orange! Carrots originated in Middle Asia with some historians believing that they were known as far back as Ancient Egypt over 5,000 years ago. It is not clear if they were actually cultivated at this time, however by the 10th century in Afghanistan, they were being grown in the colours purple or yellow.
These weren't the only colours around, however. In addition to purple and white, carrots were grown in red, yellow and even black. In fact to begin with carrots were not favoured as a favorite vegetable, but rather in the times of the Ancient Romans, as a medicinal herb and even as an aphrodisiac. A “green” aphrodisiac at that.
Here's a simple way to add colour onto your table
Today we know that carrots have great nutritional value being low in calories. Not only that but carrots are an excellent source of carotene, which the body converts into vitamin A. It is this particular vitamin that really helps with vision, which is why carrots are a great vegetable to add to your diet. If you ask us, your natural advisor? Search no more! Carrots are the thing!
Blame it on the “orange” Dutchmen
When you are preparing your carrots for eating, whether you plan on cooking them or eating them raw, there is something important to keep in mind: don't peel the skin! In carrots, like many vegetables, most of the nutritional value is just below the skin, so instead of peeling, just scrub the skin clean. And choose organic varieties when you can.
So our popular orange carrot of today, isn't even one of the original, natural colour. Actually it is the product of cross breeding the red and yellow carrots. In the 16th century some Dutch farmers succeeded in growing the first orange carrots in honour of the House of Orange. It is this colour carrot, which is the most widespread today.
So when you are next making a delicious carrot salad, think just how much more colourful purple would look on your table. Try a local farmer's market, or health food store near you and taste the difference. Or look for a way near you to order seeds of heirloom varieties of ancient carrots. Like Gary Nabhan says, you can conserve what you eat.
Read more on vegetables and health:
How green is your garlic
RECIPE – Flavors of Peasant Cooking: Majadra Means Lentils and Rice
Conserve What You Eat
Get Social! Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Print
More
Telegram
WhatsApp
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
Comments
comments
Spread the love
Washington, D.C. – Hidden within the cache of emails recently released by WikiLeaks is hard evidence of the pay-for-play operation of the Clinton Foundation.
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, while operating as director of the Clinton Foundation, orchestrated a $12 million dollar donation to their charity from King Mohammed VI of Morocco in exchange for the North African nation being allowed to host an international meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI), according to an email released by WikiLeaks on Thursday.
King Mohammed VI of Morocco agreed to give the money to the Clinton Foundation, on the condition that it hold the CGI conference on May 5-7, 2015 in their country and that Clinton appear as the keynote speaker. The massive donation from King Mohammed went to the CGI and the Clinton Foundation's endowment.
According to a report from the Daily Caller:
The email from Huma Abedin, Clinton's Deputy Chief of Staff at the State Department, was addressed to Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook. Hillary Clinton was a director of the foundation at the time. Singapore and Hong Kong officials reportedly were also vying to convene the CGI meeting in their countries, but the North African nation ultimately hosted it in a five-star hotel in Marrakesh, Morocco, in 2015. Abedin told Podesta and Mook that Morocco was not CGI's “first choice.” The actual meeting was paid for by OCP, the Moroccan-government-owned mining company that has been accused of serious human rights violations. Clinton vigorously supported the Moroccan King when they were Secretary of State and the U.S.-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during their tenure as Secretary of State. The mining company also contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the charity's web site.
OCP mines phosphates. Human rights critics have called OCP's mining product “blood phosphates,” appropriating the term “blood diamonds” for gems mined in operations that kill and injure local workers, according to the NY Post.
Morroco was so corrupt, they are considered, along with Tunisia, as the country which “sentences the most journalists to prison in the Arab world.” According to Human Rights Watch annual report 2016, Moroccan authorities restricted the rights to peaceful expression, association, and assembly through several laws.
The most damning email, sent by Abedin, clearly lays out how Hillary was the impetus behind the arrangement, noting that Clinton “created this mess and they know it,” they wrote Podesta and Mook.
“This was HRC's idea, our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at their request. The King has personally committed approx. $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting.”
HRC is an abbreviation for Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Abedin went on to note that Hillary's attendance at the event was a precondition of the $12 million dollar donation. “Just to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was their participation. If hrc was not part if it, meeting was a non-starter,” Abedin said.
Hillary eventually realized that that making a deal of this nature with a country accused by their own State Department of committing human rights violations could likely be used against them in their campaign for President, so they instead sent Bill and Chelsea Clinton while they continued to campaign.
Keep in mind that the deal with Morocco was struck even though the State Department — under Hillary Clinton — accused the country's government of “arbitrary arrests and corruption,” according to Fox News.
Clinton “was seen by Rabat (Morocco's capital) as among its most ardent supporters in the Obama administration,” Politico reported in 2015.
The Daily Caller reports:
Mohamed Yeslem Beisat, the Washington envoy for the Polisaro Front, told U.S. News & World Report in April 2013 that “OCP is the first beneficiary of the war and the first beneficiary of the occupation — it is the one that is cashing in on the misery of thousands of refugees and hundreds of political detainees for the past 40 years.” Polisaro claims to lead a Moroccan government-in-exile based in Tindouf, Algeria. “They're doing this because they know Hillary has some chances of being president of the United States. And they want them to support their brutal occupation of Western Sahara,” Beisat charged. The Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice charged OCP with “serious human rights violations,” including exploitation of workers by not “adequately compensating the impoverished people who live there.” OCP is not the only mining company linked to human rights violations that has donated to the Clinton Foundation. The foundation accepted a $100 million pledge from Lukas Lundin, who owns mining and oil drilling operations in North Africa and in the Congo.
It seems clear that human rights mean nothing to Clinton – while money means everything. The fact that Hillary didn't ultimately attend the conference means little, as the intent behind the deal is clear – consolidation of power and influence by any means necessary — even if that means supporting tyrants and human rights violators.
In a recent speech at the Hutchins Center at the Brookings Institution, Neel Kashkari, the new president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, argued that we need new strategies to tackle the problem of “too big to fail” (TBTF) financial institutions . On Monday, I'll be on a panel at the Minneapolis Fed on the issue. This post previews my comments. In short, it seems to me that a lot of progress has been made (and more is in train) toward reducing the risks that large, complex financial institutions pose for the financial system and the economy. To say that “nothing has been done” is simply not correct. That said, because it's really important to get this right, thoughtful debate on the issue is necessary and welcome.
At the 50,000-foot level, a key question is the extent to which structural change in the financial industry is needed to end TBTF, and, to the extent it is, what that change should look like. The argument of this post is that, while substantial and even fundamental changes may ultimately be necessary, we don't yet know exactly what they will be. Instead, the legacy of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Basel agreements, and other reforms is a sensible process which, with sustained effort, will help us solve the problem. A key element of the strategy is that it gives banks strong incentives to shrink or otherwise restructure themselves to reduce the risk they pose to the financial system.
Why not just break up big banks? Of course, some find the ongoing process too slow or ineffective. If some banks are “too big to fail,” critics argue, why not take a more direct approach and make them smaller—for example, by putting stringent limitations on the assets or liabilities that any one bank is allowed to hold? [1] Let's stipulate that modest size reductions are not going to accomplish much—after all, Lehman Brothers was only about a third the size of the largest banks when its failure in September 2008 almost brought down the global financial system. So, for this more-direct strategy to be credible—that is, for people to be convinced that no institution will be bailed out if it gets into trouble—it would have to involve very substantial reductions in the scales of the largest banks.
As I've already suggested, if major structural changes in the banking system are necessary to avoid another crisis, to promote financial stability, and to control moral hazard and excessive risk-taking, then we should all be for making the changes. However, the forced breakup of large firms, say through the imposition of arbitrary limits on assets, doesn't seem to be a smart way to achieve those objectives, at least until reasonable alternatives have been tried. A strategy focused on breaking up big banks has at least two important drawbacks:
First, having large firms in the financial industry, as in other industries, has benefits as well as costs. Certainly, TBTF is a (big) problem, and there are other concerns associated with size, like undue political influence on the part of large firms. [2] But, as in other industries, large financial firms also have cost advantages in some areas and can provide services that smaller firms cannot. Potential advantages of size for banks (not associated with TBTF status) include the ability to exploit economies of scale (in technology, in establishing networks, in branding), greater diversification of risks, the spreading of fixed overhead costs over many activities, the ability to offer combinations of complementary products, and global reach. Even putting aside the short-term costs and disruptions that would likely be associated with breaking up the largest banks, in the long run a US financial industry without large firms would likely be less efficient, providing fewer services at higher cost. From a national perspective, this strategy could also involve ceding leadership in the industry, and the associated jobs and profits, to other countries.
It's true that economists disagree on the returns to size in banking. [3] There are no doubt diseconomies of scale as well (e.g., “too big to manage.”) But uncertainty about the costs and benefits of size can itself be a reason for caution in applying arbitrary size limits, particularly in a world in which firms and business models are heterogeneous. Jeremy Stein, in a speech given when they were a Fed governor, provided a simple but insightful illustration of this point:
Consider the following example. There are three banks: A, B, and C. Banks A and B both have $1 trillion in assets, while C is smaller, with only $400 billion in assets. Bank A actually generates significant economies of scale, so that it is socially optimal for it to remain at its current size. Banks B and C, by contrast, have very modest economies of scale, not enough to outweigh the costs that their size and complexity impose on society. From the perspective of an omniscient social planner, it would be better if both B and C were half their current size.
Now let's ask what happens if we impose a size cap of say $500 billion. The size cap does the right thing with respect to Bank B, by shrinking it to a socially optimal size. But it mishandles both Banks A and C, for different reasons. In the case of A, the cap forces it to shrink when it shouldn't, because given the specifics of its business model it actually creates a substantial amount of value by being big. And in the case of C, the cap makes the opposite mistake. It would actually be beneficial to put pressure on C to shrink on the margin…but since it lies below the cap, it is completely untouched by the regulation.
Given that size in banking can have social benefits as well as social costs, and that banks and their business models are (and need to be) heterogeneous, it's important to ask whether we can achieve a simpler and safer banking system in a way that does not disrupt the desirable functions of that system more than necessary.
A second objection to a strategy based primarily on breaking up large banks is that size is not the only relevant attribute of banks; in particular, size is only one among a number of determinants of whether the failure of a particular firm is likely to be broadly destabilizing. Financial panics can occur in systems dominated by small banks as well as by large ones, as was the case in the United States in the Great Depression. (In contrast, Canada, which has only large banks, did relatively well in both the Depression and in the recent crisis.) The basic elements of a financial panic—broad-based loss of confidence in banks, runs by providers of short-term funding, fire sales of bank loans and other assets, disruption of credit flows—can arise even without large banks. Yes, the problems of some large institutions, notably the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008, intensified the recent crisis. But, factors other than size, including complexity, opacity, illiquidity, and interconnectedness with other firms, contributed to the catastrophic effects of Lehman's collapse, as did the fact that the government did not have the legal authorities it needed to manage Lehman's demise in a more orderly way. A more nuanced approach to ensuring financial stability and ending TBTF should take size into account, but other factors as well.
So what is the current strategy for tackling TBTF? This is not the place to review in any detail the extensive reforms that have been made to financial regulation since the crisis. But broadly, the government's current approach to ending TBTF has two main parts:
First, to make the financial system as a whole more resilient to shocks, there has been increased regulatory attention to firms that may pose systemic risks. For example, on top of measures to strengthen capital for all banks, regulators have imposed a capital surcharge (that is, a higher required level of capital) on systemically important banks, which rises according to regulators' assessment of the systemic risks associated with the firm. Systemically important banks must also pass tough stress tests and meet higher standards for liquidity and risk management. More generally, systemically important firms (including nonbanks thus designated by the Financial Stability Oversight Council) are subject to heightened oversight and additional restrictions by the Fed, FDIC, and sometimes other regulators as well. The intent of these rules is to make firms that pose systemic risks less likely to fail, obviously, but as I'll discuss, they have incentive effects as well.
The second part of the program for ending TBTF is the ongoing development of a new failure resolution regime, including the so-called orderly liquidation authority (OLA), created by the Dodd-Frank Act. The OLA directly attacks the TBTF problem by giving regulators (the Fed and the FDIC, in most cases) the legal tools necessary to resolve a systemically important financial firm on the brink of failure, in a manner that involves no taxpayer funding (shareholders and creditors bear all losses) and which mitigates the spillovers to the broader financial system and the economy. Resolving a complex firm, particularly in a situation in which the financial system as a whole is in turmoil, poses substantial challenges. But, as discussed here and here, for example, a great deal has been accomplished. The single most important development has probably been the enunciation by the regulators of the so-called single-point-of-entry strategy, which both simplifies and makes more predictable any intervention in a failing firm. Other key elements include the extensive planning taking place at the Fed and the FDIC; requirements that firms supplement their equity capital with long-term debt that can be converted to equity when needed (“bail-in-able debt”); protections for short-term creditors and other measures to forestall runs; and the requirement that firms present plans for their own resolutions—so-called “living wills”—that must be approved by the regulators. In order to receive approval of living wills, firms have already begun to make structural changes to enhance their resolvability—simplification of legal structures, for example—and more such changes are likely.
A work in progress. As I said earlier, I see a lot of progress on the TBTF issue, more than the public appreciates. But more remains to be done to fully implement and calibrate the anti-TBTF program. For example, as the recent rejection of living will submissions by five large banks illustrates, large firms have more work to do, probably including some substantial structural changes, to give regulators confidence that they can be safely resolved. More consultation with foreign regulators will also be needed to ensure appropriate coordination in resolving multinational firms. In the area of capital regulation, controversy still dogs some key issues, including the fundamental question of what constitutes an adequate level of capital. These are important debates.
My takeaway is not that the problem is solved—that will take more time—but rather that the current approach amounts to a process that will help us find the solution. In particular, the government's strategy for ending TBTF addresses the deficiencies, noted above, of imposing arbitrary limits on bank size. Most obviously, the strategy does not make the mistake of treating size as the only determinant of systemic risk (e.g., capital surcharges depend on a variety of criteria). Particularly interesting, though, is that the government's strategy, by enlisting market forces and making good use of incentives, is more likely to lead to “right-sizing” of banks, where by “right-sizing” I mean getting right (from a social perspective) not only size (assets and liabilities) but also other dimensions of firm structure and organization that bear on systemic risk.
As Jeremy Stein's example above illustrated, breaking up banks through regulatory fiat is likely to be quite inefficient, especially when the reasons that banks choose to be large and complex are heterogeneous. If, as seems probable, bank managers and shareholders better understand the institution's motivations for size and complexity than regulators do, it makes sense to use that knowledge. To do that, the right incentives need to be provided: The privately perceived benefits of TBTF status need to be reduced and the costs increased, so that bank managers and shareholders are considering something closer to the social costs and benefits of size and complexity when they think about how to organize their business. In terms of Stein's example, we should be okay with a bank (Bank A) staying large if size allows it to provide substantial economic (non-TBTF) benefits, while at the same time inducing banks (Banks B and C) whose size mostly reflects TBTF motivations to shrink. Related Books From Gutenberg to Google
Putin's World: Russia Against the West and With the Rest
E Examen des Politiques Commerciales: Mauritanie 2018
To a first approximation, that's what the government's approach aims to do. For example, the capital surcharge and similar regulations directed at systemically important institutions act like taxes on size and complexity. This should induce managers and shareholders of systemically important institutions to take into account, in their decisions about firm scale and structure, the implications for financial stability and TBTF. That is, the extra costs that regulators impose on systemic institutions force their decisionmakers to “internalize the externality” that their firms create for the financial system. [4] Similarly, the development of the liquidation authority (which raises the probability that creditors will take losses) and improvements in the overall resilience of the financial system (which would reduce any incentive that future regulators might have to try to engineer a bailout) should reduce the perceived benefits associated with TBTF status, as measured in terms of funding costs, for example. Putting creditors at risk also brings market discipline back into play, putting additional pressure on managers not to take excessive risks. Together with the requirements imposed by the living will process, better incentives for managers, shareholders, and creditors should lead, over time, to a banking system that is safer, but also more competitive and efficient.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The TSA is not monkeying around when it comes to security at St. Louis' airport.
A woman at a checkpoint at Lambert-St. Louis International Airport said they were “appalled and shocked” after a Transportation Security Administration agent confiscated a tiny toy gun belonging to their sock monkey.
Phyllis May of Redmond, Wash., was travelling from St. Louis on Dec. 3 when they noticed a TSA agent inspecting one of their carry-on bags, according to NBC affiliate King 5.
May sells the dolls and had several sock monkeys and sewing supplies in the bag. One of the monkeys, named “Rooster Monkburn,” after John Wayne's character “Rooster Cogburn” in the movie “True Grit,” is a cowboy with a two-inch long pistol.
“She said ‘This is a gun,'” May told King 5. “I said 'No, it's not a gun, it's a prop for my monkey.'”
“She said ‘If I held it up to your neck, you wouldn't know if it was real or not,' and I said ‘Really?'” May said.
May told King 5 the TSA agent took the monkey's gun and informed May they were supposed to call the police.
“Rooster Monkburn has been disarmed so I'm sure everyone on the plane was safe,” they told King 5. “I understand they were doing their job, but at some point doesn't common sense prevail?”
King 5 reported that the agent did not call police and May was able to keep their sewing supplies and other dolls and board the plane.
The TSA told NBC News in a statement: “TSA officers are dedicated to keeping the nation's transportation security systems safe and secure for the traveling public. Under longstanding aircraft security policy, and out of an abundance of caution, realistic replicas of firearms are prohibited in carry-on bags.”
Maureen Kukudio was an inmate at Litchfield Penitentiary.  They are portrayed by Emily Althaus. Them love interest was Suzanne Warren. It is revealed in Season Six that Kukudio died due to the complications of injuries sustained in a fight with Suzanne in Season Four shortly before the riot.
Contents show]
Personality Edit
Kukudio initially comes across as shy but is sexually outgoing towards Suzanne. They describe themselves as "polymorphously perverse" (a Freudian term); they thought they were the only one like that until they read about Suzanne's erotica's character Sunflower. They have difficulty talking about feelings, instead preferring to communicate deep feelings through poetry. Them interests include poetry and literature (e.g. psychological works of Freud), indicating they are well educated and deeply thoughtful.
They display irrational, manipulative, socially awkward and inappropriate, immature behaviour, e.g. throwing turtles, randomly undressing herself, and later, playing mind games with Suzanne. Them darker side is seen in "People Persons", when they offer to publicly fight Suzanne for the guards' entertainment after feeling humiliated by them
Physical Appearance Edit
Kukudio is of average height, with brown, curly, shoulder length hair. They have pierced ears and tattoos on their arms.
Biography Edit
Before Litchfield Edit
Them backstory has not been disclosed, but when Caputo looks at their file in season four, they appear to be taken aback by their charges. They also hint that their apparent mental health condition may be a ruse to trick the inmates.
Maureen is first seen in " Mother's Day " as a member of the Wiccan cult at Litchfield, which meets up in the yard at night. During a meditational speech from Gina , Maureen starts undressing, misinterpreting Gina's words.
Maureen is later introduced as one of the attendees of Berdie Rogers' Drama class. In "Ching Chong Chang" Maureen and Leanne act in a scene written by Gina about their deceased mother.
After becoming obsessed with Suzanne's sci-fi erotica "Time Hump Chronicles", they often approach Suzanne with questions about their work and new ideas. Moreover, they try to encourage Suzanne to continue their story and advises them to include more "girl-on-girl stuff". They imply they could help inspire Suzanne by having sex with her, which reveals Maureen's attraction to women. They state she'll wait for Suzanne in a broom closet and gives them a kiss on their cheek. Suzanne approaches the closet, but does not have enough courage to enter, leaving Maureen waiting in vain ("A Tittin' and a Hairin'").
At the end of Season 3, when the prisoners escape Litchfield and go to the nearby lake, Suzanne and Maureen are seen flirting and holding hands, implying a possible future relationship ("Trust No Bitch").
Suzanne and Maureen are first seen in the woods, alone together. Maureen convinces Suzanne to run away with them into the forest to start a new life. Skeptical, Suzanne follows Maureen through the forest but when they reach an abandoned house, Suzanne changes their mind after noticing Maureen's odd behavior and runs back to the prison camp. Caputo is later seen with one of the prison guards searching for Maureen, after learning their whereabouts from Suzanne. Maureen is found safe and brought back to the prison where Caputo looks at their file with surprise, then sends them back to their bunk with a warning. Mad at Suzanne abandoning her, Maureen refuses to talk to them for the majority of the season.
Later in the season, when asked what they would do if they could travel in time, Suzanne says they would go back to the time when they left Maureen alone in the broom closet. Desiring an intimate experience, Suzanne talks to Maureen, who is distrustful, but meets Suzanne in the closet anyway. They proceed to initiate a sexual encounter, asking Suzanne to describe how it feels. Just before Suzanne climaxes, Maureen reveals they met Suzanne there as a trick, to teach them a lesson about abandoning them in the woods, saying "Now we're even" before walking out. Taystee tells Suzanne not to waste time on someone like Maureen. Maureen tries to move on from the broom closet incident but Suzanne asks Maureen to give them space. When Suzanne laughs at Sankey being woken violently by one of the guards, CO Humphrey, the guard orders Sankey to fight Suzanne. When Sankey declines, Maureen offers to fight Suzanne instead. After some cruel taunts, Suzanne becomes enraged and nearly beats Maureen to death before being pulled away by several other inmates ("People Persons"). After Suzanne injures themselves trying to recreate Poussey's death, they are taken to the medical ward and placed in the same room as Maureen, whose eye is swollen shut from their injuries. They share a few tender words, hinting at a possible reconciliation ("Toast Can't Be Bread Again").
After Humphrey is shot by Daya they are taken to the infirmary, where Maureen and Suzanne are present. The two of them eventually leave them but Maureen blows air in Humps' IV drip, causing them to have a stroke.
Maureen is with Suzanne when they section off the place of Poussey's death in the cafeteria, and joins in on the seance they attempt to hold. Later, when Piper and Taystee are looking to make a memorial art piece for Poussey, Maureen suggests "hair dolls."
Maureen's injuries become infected and Suzanne finds them laying in a bathroom stalls and brings them to Medical. However, because Leanne and Angie have forced the last nurse to go with them, no one is there to treat Maureen's problems. Suzanne leaves Maureen after realizing that Humps is dead.
As the season concludes, the riot officers enter Medical and force Maureen up and out of bed, and take them to the front lawn with the other inmates.
Maureen was confirmed to be deceased in Episode 4, dying shortly after the end of the riot as a result of the infection brought on by the injuries inflicted by Suzanne in season 4 in their fight before the riot started.
Relationships Edit
Romantic Edit
Suzanne Warren (attempted relationship, one sexual encounter). See Mauranne for more information.
Enemies Edit
Memorable Quotes Edit
Poem
"Here are some ideas for your series,
Because I know you've been getting a lot of queries.
I can tell you've been feeling stressed.
Perhaps that's because you're repressed.
May I suggest you pander to your audience with more girl-on-girl stuff?
It's not rocket science.
Why not let me be helpful?
You might have noticed I'm eligible.
If you need to research the activities,
I'd be happy to join you, as I have homo-proclivities."
Appearances Edit
248 SHARES Share Tweet Share Share Print Send
The anti-Russia hysteria that has raged in the US for just over a year now appeared poised to spread to the UK last week after British media learned that three past or present Foreign Office ministers – including Boris Johnson – had been targeted by FBI agents in their investigations into George Papadopoulos and Carter Page.
The reports aroused suspicions that the ‘Leave' campaign may have taken money indirectly from the Russian government.
Of course, the idea that Russian efforts – part of a three-dimensional Russian plot to diminish the UK's international influence – managed to sway the vote in favor of Brexit is just as ludicrous as the notion that $100,000 in Facebook promoted posts managed to throw the election to Trump.
And as if to underscore this point, Nigel Farage delivered a speech at the European Parliament – where they represent South East England – pointing out that George Soros' Open Society Foundation has far more influence on elections across the Europe and the US. And if investigators are looking for evidence of foreign influence, they should start there. After all, George Soros recently signed over most of their assets – some $18 billion worth – to their OSF, which oversees a network of dozens of organizations across Europe.
George Soros has spent billions in the EU to undermine the nation state. This is where the real international political collusion is. pic.twitter.com/ANXOII7SFY — Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) November 14, 2017
And what is this money used for? Soros' nonprofits have one mission: To promote a globalist agenda of open borders, free trade and liberal democratic values.
Speaking to the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Tuesday, Farage told fellow MEPs they believe that when it comes to international collusion, “we are looking in the wrong place.” They say Soros' influence in Brussels is “truly extraordinary,”adding: “I fear we could be looking at the biggest level of international, political collusion in history,” according to Russia Today.
Farage, the leader of the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group in the European Parliament, believes Soros has spent billions in the EU to undermine the nation state. “When we are talking about offshore money, when we are talking about political subversion, when we are talking about collusion, I wonder if we are looking in the wrong place.
“And I say that because George Soros recently gave Open Society, which of course campaigns for freedom of movement of people and supranational structures like the European Union, $18 billion. And their influence here and in Brussels is truly extraordinary.”
Open Society says it held 42 meetings in 2016 with the European Commission, and has published lists of reliable “friends” in the European Parliament. Farage pointed out that there are 226 names on the list, they say. They told those MEPs they would be writing to them to establish whether they had accepted money or help from Soros.
“If we're going to have a debate, and talk about full, political and financial transparency, well let's do it. So I shall be writing today to all 226 of you, asking some pretty fair questions: Have you ever received funds directly or indirectly from Open Society? How many of their events have you attended? Could you please give us a list of all the representatives including George Soros?”
Last week, the electoral commission opened an investigation into whether the Leave campaign took offshore money, Farage pointed out. However, in a twist that's sure to arouse suspicion, the investigation was opened following a request in the House of Commons from a Ben Bradshaw, an affiliate of Open Society.
Finally, since authorities seem intent on investigating any Russian influence in the vote to leave the European Union, Farage demanded that the European Parliament set up a special committee to look into the issue. “I say this at a time when the use of money and the implications it may have had on the Brexit result or the Trump election has reached virtual hysteria.”
Now that they have mostly retired from investing, Soros spends their days feuding with the leaders of mid-sized Eastern European states like Hungary, where they and President Viktor Orban are engaged in a PR battle over the future of a country that Orban has led further and further to the right as a surge of migrants has poured over the European border from Africa and the Middle East.
SOURCE
The king had decreed the creation of a powerful new anti-corruption committee, headed by the crown prince, only hours before the committee ordered the arrests.
Al Arabiya said that the anticorruption committee has the right to investigate, arrest, ban from travel, or freeze the assets of anyone it deems corrupt.
The Ritz Carlton hotel in Riyadh, the de facto royal hotel, was evacuated on Saturday, stirring rumors that it would be used to house detained royals. The airport for private planes was closed, arousing speculation that the crown prince was seeking to block rich business people from fleeing before more arrests.
Prince Alwaleed was giving interviews to the Western news media as recently as late last month about subjects like so-called crypto currencies and Saudi Arabia's plans for a public offering of shares in its state oil company, Aramco.
They have also recently sparred publicly with President Donald J. Trump. The prince was part of a group of investors who bought control of the Plaza Hotel in New York from Mr. Trump, and they also bought an expensive yacht from them as well. But in a Twitter message in 2015 the prince called Mr. Trump “a disgrace not only to the GOP but to all America.”
Mr. Trump fired back, also on Twitter, that “Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy's money.”
As president, Mr. Trump has developed a warm, mutually supportive relationship with the ascendant crown prince, who has rocketed from near obscurity in recent years to taking control of the country's most important functions.
Photo At 32, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is already the dominant voice in Saudi military, foreign, economic and social policies. Credit Fayez Nureldine/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
But their swift rise has also divided Saudis. Many applaud their vision, crediting them with addressing the economic problems facing the kingdom and laying out a plan to move beyond its dependence on oil.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Others see them as brash, power-hungry and inexperienced, and they resent them for bypassing their elder relatives and concentrating so much power in one branch of the family.
At least three senior White House officials, including the president's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, were reportedly in Saudi Arabia last month for meetings that were undisclosed at the time.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The Interpreter Newsletter Understand the world with sharp insight and commentary on the major news stories of the week. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Recaptcha requires verification. I'm not a robot reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime
Before sparring with Mr. Trump, Prince Alwaleed was publicly rebuffed by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who rejected their $10 million donation for the victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York because the prince had also criticized American foreign policy.
As powerful as the billionaire is, they are something of an outsider within the royal family — not a dissident, but an unusually outspoken figure on a variety of issues. They openly supported women driving long before the kingdom said it would grant them the right to do so , and they have long employed women in their orbit.
In 2015 they pledged to donate their fortune of $32 billion to charity after their death. It was unclear Saturday whether Saudi Arabia's corruption committee might seek to confiscate any of their assets.
Saudi Arabia is an executive monarchy without a written Constitution or independent government institutions like a Parliament or courts, so accusations of corruption are difficult to evaluate. The boundaries between the public funds and the wealth of the royal family are murky at best, and corruption, as other countries would describe it, is believed to be widespread.
The arrests came a few hours after the king replaced the minister in charge of the Saudi national guard, Prince Mutaib bin Abdullah, who controlled the last of the three Saudi armed forces not yet considered to be under control of the crown prince.
The king named Crown Prince Mohammed the minister of defense in 2015. Earlier this year, the king removed Prince Mohammed bin Nayef as head of the interior ministry, placing them under house arrest and extending the crown prince's influence over the interior ministry's troops, which act as a second armed force.
Rumors have swirled since then that King Salman and their favorite son would soon move against Prince Mutaib, commander of the third armed force and themselves a former contender for the crown.
Verstappen was on the receiving end of complaints from Raikkonen after some tough defensive moves as they battled for fifth place at the Hungaroring last weekend.
Despite Ferrari also questioning what Verstappen was up to with race director Charlie Whiting, the flight attendants elected not to launch an investigation.
That decision has left Perez feeling that the matter needs to be brought up in Friday night's drivers' briefing, so that there is a better understanding of what is and is not allowed.
Reflecting on the Verstappen/Raikkonen battle, Perez said: “That was too much – too much moving under braking. It is something that we need to clarify.
“We sometimes see drivers over-defending their positions and it can be quite dangerous if you are moving under braking, just at the last moment.”
When asked if they were disappointed there was no flight attendants' investigation, they said: “It is a bit inconsistent sometimes as we know, but as well – in the past we had freedom a bit more in the rules to fight harder for the position.
"But I think moving under braking at the last moment was not correct.
“I think we should talk about it and clarify it.”
Yellow flags okay
While wanting talks over driver etiquette, Perez said that the other controversy over yellow flags was not such a big issue.
“I think Nico proved that what they did was appropriate, and I think every driver will have done the same in their position,” they said.
“It was down to the FIA to see it and if they were fine with it, I don't see an issue to go too much into it.
"With Nico, for example, it was different because they could see there were double yellow flags and they could lift, come back on power, not lose too much lap time and it was the entry of a relatively low speed corner.
“For Lewis the car was stuck there so they have to lift, so it is also a bit of common sense in that respect. If the FIA was fine with that, it is alright.”
Don't miss our German GP video preview…
Nick Cannon basically quit “America's Got Talent” in a lengthy Facebook post Monday morning.
Cannon, who has hosted the reality competition since 2009, said that NBC threatened to terminate their contract because of a racial joke they made during their recent Showtime stand-up special, “Stand Up, Don't Shoot.”
“I grew up like a real n—-,” Cannon joked during the special. “But I honestly believe, once I started doing America's Got Talent, they took my real n—- card. They did! Because then like these type of people started showing up to my shows.” Cannon then pointed to three white audience members sitting in the front row. “I can't do the real n—- stuff no more, because then they'll put me on TMZ.”
Also Read: Simon Cowell to Judge 'America's Got Talent' for 3 More Seasons
Cannon has often used “America's Got Talent” as joke fodder in their stand-up act, but with a television audience also watching, Cannon decided to warn everyone that they weren't going to get the family-friendly host that they know from “AGT” and Nickelodeon.
“I apologize, white people,” they said. “We're over here talking about bitches and players and stuff, and you think this is America's Got Talent. It's going to be a little different tonight. America's Got Talent, but America's got n—-rs, too, so. You're staring at a real one onstage […]Matter of fact, that's what NBC gonna stand for tonight. N—- Better Come on, ‘cuz n—-s be cussing! So n—- be careful!”
TMZ reported that NBC execs were considering firing Cannon for their jokes on the grounds that they were violating a clause in their contract forbidding them from “disparaging the network.” NBC eventually backed off, as they ultimately enjoyed Cannon's work as “AGT” host and didn't want to spoil the relationship.
Also Read: Nick Cannon Blasts Planned Parenthood for 'Eugenics,' 'Real Genocide'
Unfortunately for the Peacock Network, Cannon isn't going to take it. They took to Facebook Monday morning criticizing NBC for trying to threaten their ability to freely express himself, saying the threats were “another way to silence and control an outspoken voice who often battles the establishment.”
“Not to get too detailed but this isn't the first time executives have attempted to ‘put me in my place' for so-called unruly actions,” Cannon wrote. “I will not stand for it. My moral principles will easily walk away from the millions of dollars they hang over my head.”
Cannon apologized to “AGT” fans and said that they enjoyed the eight seasons they spent working on the show, but decided that continuing to work with NBC was not in their best interests as an artist. They also criticized major media corporations like NBC Universal for their scarcity of minority executives despite controlling “90 percent of media.”
Also Read: Ratings: 'America's Got Talent' Jumps in Competition Finale
“I felt like I was apart of the fabric of our great nation every summer, representing every culture, age, gender, and demographic,” they wrote. “Now for the rug to be pulled from underneath me and to be publicly reprimanded and ridiculed over a joke about my own race is completely wrong and I have to do something about it.”
“AGT” was the top-rated summer show on broadcast TV last year, averaging approximately 11 million viewers on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Season 12 is set to begin filming next month.
Here's the full post:
Jamshedpur : Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board, (JSPCB) is gearing up to study the pollution level in major industrial clusters of Jharkhand including Jamshedpur.
According to information the board with an aim to make authentic studies in advance about emissions coming from industries based on coal, iron ore and others related is inviting Expression of Interest (EoI) from agencies like Central Institute of Mining and Fuel Research (CIMFR). The qualifying agency would study the emission level of Jamshedpur, along with Bokaro, and Chandil of Singhbhum.
“Industrial pollution has turned out to be a severe problem causing health disorders and also leading to accidents as the roads turn slippery after the coal dust, iron ore and urea spread like a thin sheet covering the road. No sprinkling of water regularly leads to the fine particles floating in the air adding to vehicular pollution,” said an official of JSPCB.
They said that several new industrial units based on coal washries, thermal plants, coke ovens, refractory plants, sponge iron, brick kilns and stone crushers have come up.
“Our study finds that towns like Jamshedpur, Bokaro Ramgrah are on margins with high Comprehensive Environmental Pollution Index (CEPI) indices. It would be better if we make study as proactive measure, noted the official. In 2010 itself, clusters of Ramgarh, Seraikela, Jamshedpur and Badajamda had acquired tags under severely polluted categories.
Officials informed that the Board is going to invite firms to study pollution level on the banks of Damodar and Subarnarekha and the study about the towns would be tagged along with that as well. It would be equally beneficial for the investors planning to come in those places as they would know about the existing emission level in advance
Regional officer, JSPCB, RN Chowdhury, said that the department will keep a tab on the sponge iron plants as well as the thermal power plants so as to check the air and water pollution.
Meanwhile, the Adityapur Industrial Area residents, have been protesting against the increased pollution level in their area.
Sanjay Tulsiyan, the Seraikela-Kharsawan unit of the human rights body, International Human Rights Association (IHRA), under which the residents are agitating, declared that if the pollution level at Kandra and Gamharia does not abide the norms, then they would be compelled to file a public interest litigation (PIL) against the polluting unit.
It may be mentioned that the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) team had visited the sponge-iron hub in response to a directive given by the Supreme Court.
One of the residents of Chandil said that the villagers are upset as the polluting units have damaged most of the corn-fields by releasing industrial affluent in the nallah and rivulets, thus making the waterbodies polluted. “We are not only bearing the brunt of the air-pollution, but are also facing the water-pollution which has damaged our corn-fields, causing the crops as well as cattles to be affected seriously,” they said.
Like this: Like Loading...
Called Muslimtaxi.de, the site is based on the same principle as other popular websites like mitfahrgelegenheit.de , which lets cost-conscious Germans arrange shared car rides.
Those interested in offering rides specify their gender, asking price and how many passengers they can accommodate. Potential passengers contact the driver directly.
Selim Reid, a 24-year-old from Norderstedt, city of about 70,000 near Hamburg, told the Hamburger Abendblatt newspaper that they were inspired to create the site because of Muslims' bad ride-sharing experiences.
In 1996, for instance, their parents, who are originally from Iraq, caught a ride with a Muslim-hating driver who spent the whole time criticizing them.
“The driver and the people with them swore the whole way about foreigners in general and in particular about my mother's head scarf,” Reid told the newspaper.
Of course, you don't need to be a Muslim to use Reid's service. In fact, they told the Abendblatt, that's one of the main points of Muslim Taxi.
“Those really looking for dialogue will find it by using Muslim Taxi,” they said.
In operation since late last year, the website has attracted its share of criticism. People have accused Reid of trying to create a parallel society and supporting immigrants who don't want to integrate in German culture.
But Reid says the response from thousands of grateful riders has showed them he's filling a niche.
“Many Muslim brothers and sisters complained that they can't use conventional offers because the gender segregation stipulated by Islam is not implemented,” they added.
The Local/mdm
This is the ORIGIN of the “I am ObamaCare” picture. I'm the one who wrote it, photographed it and posted it on October 20, 2011. That's me in the picture. This is my story. I never knew my simple “I am Obamacare” image would wind up all going viral on every corner of the web! I am happy for you to share my image anywhere but I would appreciate it if you credited it correctly. I keep seeing it incorrectly credited when I find it. And if you have shared it, please let me know. I'd love to see it. Thank you!
I am ObamaCare. Thanks to President Obama's Health Care Reform, I was able to get PCIP Insurance after I was diagnosed with a uterus full of tumors in the ER. This insurance allowed me to get the surgery I needed to get well.
Thank you President Obama.
(Also posted on facebook.)
January 3, 2012 – Featured on MoveOn.org
January 23, 2012 – Featured on Mother Jones
January 29, 2012 – Featured on Daily Kos
March 24, 2012 – Featured on Obama for America Official tumblr
June 28, 2012 – Featured on CNN.com
October 5, 2013 – Featured on Huff Post Good News
(And more shares on Facebook, Imgur, Tumblr, etc. than I can ever hope to count!)
Hysterectomy Medical Bill Fundraiser
My Shop: http://PhoenixFireDesigns.etsy.com
And since this single picture has made so many conspiracy nuts insane, see a FAQ behind the cut.
Common questions:
Who's the girl in the photo? Me, Miss M. Turner I am the originator of this photo. I made it, took it, posted it on my blog, Twitter and facebook page. Since then, it's gone viral and all over the web.
You're lying/Obamacare isn't in effect yet!/I thought the Reform didn't take effect until 2014? In 2014, regular insurance companies won't be able to drop you or turn you away or disqualify you if you get sick. (Pre-existing conditions are already eliminated for children; adults have to wait a few more years.) UNTIL THEN, PCIP was created as bridge coverage. It gives people access to medical insurance when they normally wouldn't be able to get it. For details: http://pciplan.com/ PCIP went into effect July 2010.
You work for yourself so you're lying about “your job” not providing benefits! I work for myself now. But at the time I wound up in the ER (May 2011) I had been employed for over a year at a major “media research” company. The job did not provide ANY benefits. No paid time off, no paid holidays, no sick leave, no health insurance. It was simply not offered. I was classified as “part time” to avoid offering benefits. After my surgery, I was on mandatory (unpaid) 8-week post op bed rest per my surgeon's orders and not allowed to work during that time. A week before my 8-week post surgical appointment to get clearance to return to work, I received a letter via FedEx from corporate headquarters informing me that I was being permanently laid off and that there was no job for me to come back to. At that time (November 2011), I decided to turn the challenge into opportunity and trying making my previous side-hobby my full-time job. I have only worked for myself since being laid off. (Thankfully, it turned out to be a wonderful blessing as running my own business has been a ton of hard work but amazingly satisfying!)
Were you paid for this picture? Seriously? *snort* I can't believe people actually think that. No, no one paid me anything. I'm not affiliated with any campaign or group.
If, however, you want to help support my cause and help me put a dent in my medical bills, I have a donation link here and my sole income right now is through my small jewelry business here. I would also appreciate any links to my shop as well.
Why did you make this? Because I've seen all the “I am 99%” pictures lately and thought I'd do my spin on it because this is what is going on in MY life.
Uterine fibroid tumors are typically benign and common. Why surgery? It's true that they are VERY common and almost always benign, however, hysterectomy because of fibroids is one of the most common surgeries, period. Fibroids can cause not only severe bleeding, extreme pain, anemia, infertility, and sexual pain and discomfort, but can cause bladder issues as well as bowel issues. I had FIVE fibroids of massive size (over 1,200 grams when this started or approximately 2.6 pounds) that made my uterus the size of a woman 4-5 months pregnant. The pain was extreme and they pressed on nerves in my back as well. The ONLY cure for fibroids is uterus removal – hysterectomy. In ALL other treatments they can (and do) grow back. Given the quick growth and massive amount of tumors, it made sense to go with the permanent option rather than remove the tumors only because in 3-5 years, I'd have to do it again. My fibroids were everywhere in my uterus; inside, in the lining and even outside the uterus. I was never going to be able to have children because of the damage that would be done removing them, so I opted for a hysterectomy to cure me of the problem.
I had my TLH – Total Laparoscopic Hysterectomy – on October 5th. The surgery removed my uterus and my cervix but retained my functional ovaries to prevent menopause. I am very slowly healing. But I am thrilled to know that soon I will have not only my life back, but better than before! To think, soon, I will be healthy. It's a beautiful thought.
If it was an emergency, the hospital would have done surgery anyway, so this isn't true/you could have gotten Medicaid/hospitals don't turn away people/whatever version there were other options people “think” they know exist. Actually, it was this or cash. And this is a HELL of a lot better. I went into the ER Memorial Day weekend. We couldn't do the surgery right then and there because I needed more pre-op testing. The hospital discharged me. While it's true they don't turn people away in the ER, they most certainly do NOT have to give me surgery. The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act., (“EMTALA”) which Congress passed in 1986, ONLY requires hospitals that accept Medicare “provide a medical screening examination” for an emergency condition “regardless of an individual's ability to pay.” They most certainly do NOT need to give you surgery. They only need to provide a “stabilizing treatment for patients.”
I applied for every single charity/state assistance program there is in Florida. I got denied for all of them. In Florida, it's all tied into the Department of Children and Families and if you are not pregnant and do not have kids, you do not qualify for Medicaid. Period. How ironic is it that here I was, unable to have kids because of tumors and denied for assistance? My ER stay was $13,347 and was “discounted” down to “$8,008” for being a “cash” payment. That's not exactly a manageable number either. On top of that, I also have $1,200 to the ER physician and $250 to the ER radiologist that were billed separately. And that was just a single overnight ER trip! Can you imagine the cost of surgery and inpatient follow-up care?? As a cash paying patient? It's utterly impossible.
Edit to add: See this entry for the cost of just the hospital bill for my surgery.
You know it's not actually called “ObamaCare” right? Uh, yeah. That's kinda the point. I'm using the negative term in a positive light. It helps draw attention to it in a more polarizing way. It's like an intentional irony.
Well, I rather have Single Payer system! I too wish we had gotten MORE reform passed. As long as health care is allowed to be a for-profit system, it only works if people stay sick. And that's fundamentally wrong. But President Obama has given us the first real health care reform – ever. And while things like PCIP aren't perfect, it's a step in right direction and it gets us closer to the goal of health care for all.
I don't want to pay your handout! PCIP isn't a handout and it isn't free. It's insurance no different from yours, except mine is probably more expensive since I'm paying all the premium instead of splitting it with an employer. I pay $237/month just in premiums, had $1,000 deductible to meet and I pay 20% of all services as well in co-pay.
You can read up on the entire process on my blog.
Blog: http://www.giveneyestosee.com/blog
Hysterectomy: http://www.giveneyestosee.com/blog/hysterectomy
Follow-up Entries
I'm relying on my small jewelry business to help pay the medical bills, so please check it out. Thanks!
PhoenixFireDesigns.etsy.com
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As teenage cancer victim Lucy Anderson-Edwards stared death in the face they could not have ­imagined that the illness would lead them to love and happiness, they tell the Sunday People.
For five years Lucy's life had been dominated by their desperate struggle against leukaemia, which saw them have a bone-marrow transplant and their weight plunge to just six stone.
But, in an echo of the new hit romantic Hollywood movie The Fault In Our Stars, they found reason to live again when they met another cancer sufferer.
Lucy, 23, said: “There were times when we were both living day to day and couldn't even see any future ahead for either of us.
"Ironically, while cancer is one of the worst things that has happened to us, it's also one of the best – as without it we wouldn't have found each other.”
When Lucy saw the trailer for the film, starring Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort, they thought it was identical to their story with Adam Woods, 22.
They said: “But thankfully we've got the real-life fairytale ending.”
Landscape gardener Adam said: “I was just looking to keep myself healthy and alive – not to fall in love.
"But they say you do find love in the most unusual of places. I definitely wasn't expecting it at a cancer support group.”
The couple met in July last year after two charities organised a week away for young cancer survivors .
Lucy, of Telford, Shropshire, said: “Over the week we became inseparable.
"When it was time to leave I gave them a hug and asked to exchange numbers.
"I sent them a text to say: ‘I've had a great week and you were the icing on the cake.'
“He called me a few days later and we ended up on the phone for five hours and 22 minutes.
"Something just clicked.
(Image: Press People)
“It wasn't just that we could share our experience of cancer – somehow I knew they were someone special.
“I've been through so much in life that I now seize the day – life's too short and I, more than most, know that.”
Lucy's life changed on August 22, 2005.
The normally healthy 14-year-old was struck down by terrible headaches, flu symptoms and a sky-high temperature.
They were admitted to Telford's Princess Royal Hospital and a day later transferred to Birmingham's Children's Hospital for a lumber puncture to take a sample of bone marrow.
They said: “Two days later I was told it was leukaemia. From that moment my life was on hold.
“I missed my whole first GCSE year, I went down to six stone – I was a shadow of my former self, so exhausted it was hard to even get out of bed.
“I was so upset when I lost my hair.
"My grandad, who had passed away, had always kept a blonde lock of my hair in their wallet and he'd always said to me: ‘Never cut or dye your hair it's lovely as it is.'”
Lucy had five blocks of intense chemotherapy as an inpatient for nearly a year.
They caught up with their studies and was ready to take a college place when, on August 22, 2007, they were told she'd had a relapse.
They said: “It was so cruel. I'd only just got my strength back, my hair had grown how I wanted it.
"I felt so angry.”
This time they needed more chemo and a bone-marrow transplant.
They said: “I had no immune system so only my parents and the nurses could come in.
(Image: Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham)
“They had to change their clothes and shoes before entering my room which was in a vacuum to prevent infection.
"A ­common cold would have been fatal. My mum stayed by my side every night.”
Luckily a match was found from a donor in Australia and Lucy received the transplant on December 5, 2007.
They were discharged as an inpatient in March 2008.
They said: “I was six stone and in a wheelchair but I was alive.
"My ­fingernails and toenails peeled off and all the skin came off my body – like a reptile.”
Lucy had a blood transfusion and suffered chickenpox and shingles as their immune system rebuilt itself.
It was two years before they were fit for education again, let alone socialising.
Then, in July last year, they met Adam on an activity week to the Lake District organised by the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham Charity and Climbing Out.
Adam was a little older when their cancer first struck.
They were at the start of their third year reading religious studies at Lancaster University, in October 2012, they were ­diagnosed with testicular cancer.
They had ignored warning signs for nearly a year but the day after their 21st birthday they woke in terrible pain.
Adam said: “I said to my mate: ‘Did I say something inappropriate to a girl last night or something? As I feel like I've been kicked in my privates.'”
A week after they saw a GP, and within an hour of an ultrasound, they were given the diagnosis.
(Image: Twentieth Century Fox)
They said: “The consultant sat me down and said: ‘Have you got someone with you?' My heart just sank.
"I asked my friend to come in and they said: ‘We've done the tests. I'm sorry, we're pretty sure it's cancer.'
“I heard that word and my ears ­exploded. They kept talking and I could see their mouth moving but I didn't ­register their words.
"I was numb.”
Adam had two rounds of chemo in nine weeks and an operation at Birmingham's Queen Elizabeth Hospital to stop the cancer spreading.
They were even visited in hospital by ­football legend David Beckham.
They said: “I've never taken life too seriously and I decided even cancer wasn't beyond the realms of humour.
“The only wobble I had was the night before my operation when I remember saying: ‘I'm scared.'
“I found out after it had just started to spread – they'd found a small ­unclassifiable growth on my liver – but the chemo blasted it away.
"So they caught me in the nick of time.”
Adam was reluctant to take the Lakes trip.
They said: “Thank goodness my parents shoved me into going.”
In January, Adam started a secret plan to propose to Lucy. They asked their mum for permission and designed an emerald and white gold ring.
In June this year they popped the ­question at Disneyworld, Florida in front of Mike and Sully, characters from the film Monster, Inc.
They said: “It is our favourite film so it seemed fitting the main characters from it should be there.
“As I got to the front of the queue to meet Mike and Sulley, I got down on one knee and proposed to a stunned Lucy.
"My hands were shaking and all I can remember hearing were gasps and some kid in the crowd shouting: ‘Mum look!' as I said: ‘Will you marry me'.”
(Image: Press People Cancer)
Lucy said: “My mum videoed everything, it's hilarious.
"Initially, I have a look of horror – then everyone who was queuing up was cheering.
“I didn't know whether to be ecstatic or embarrassed. I can't really remember saying yes – but of course my answer was yes.
"It takes a lot to make me cry but I leaked in front of everyone, it was so emotional.”
Disney staff gave them badges to mark their ­proposal saying: Just Engaged.
Lucy said: “We wore them for the rest of the holiday and strangers kept congratulating us.”
Now Adam has just completed their first year in remission and Lucy, who is a clinical assistant in haematology, oncology and radiotherapy at the NHS unit where they were treated, is now six-and-a-half years clear.
Next year it will be ten years since they were first diagnosed but they say it still feels like yesterday.
They said: “Each year that passes makes it less likely it will come back.”
Adam has marked a year since their diagnosis and operation by running a half marathon and an extreme event called Pain and Suffering – a 10-mile mud and obstacle run.
In January they took on the Tough Guy race but unfortunately had to finish just over a mile before the end as they still hadn't fully recovered.
This January they aim to complete it and raise money for two charities who have supported them: The Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham Charity and Climbing Out, which help hundreds of young people with cancer.
Adam added: “Cancer isn't a part of our lives any more – neither of us wanted to be the cancer kid.
“Our lives have changed from living day to day, and having no control over our lives to looking forward and making plans for our future, which feels absolutely great.”
To give to Lucy and Adam's appeal to help young people with cancer helped by QEHB Charity and Climbing Out see: justgiving.com/teams/adamandlucy
At least 15 fire crews are reported to have attended the scene at Craven Walk, near Clapton Common in Hackney, as onlookers removed Torah scrolls from the building. The firefighters faced hazardous conditions after the blaze swept through the ground floor of the four-storey building and caused it to collapse into the basement. Images from the scene showed plumes of smoke and bright flames rising from the school as crowds of passers-by looked on.
TWITTER (@yymlondon) At least 6 fire crews are reported to have attended the scene
Station Manager Nicola Lown, who is at the scene, said: "The ground floor has partially collapsed into the basement leading to hazardous conditions. "Two fire rescue units are also on the scene and their equipment is being used to shore up the ground floor. "This will enable crews wearing breathing apparatus to gain better access to the fire in the basement." Ambulances and the Metropolitan police are also reportedly on the scene.
TWITTER (999LONDON) A Jewish Faith School has reportedly burst into flames
TWITTER (@yymlondon) At least 95 firefighters are tackling the blaze in Hackney
The ground floor has partially collapsed into the basement leading to hazardous conditions. Station Manager Nicola Lown
LFB said the cause of the fire is not known at this stage but investigations will get underway once the building is secured. They added there were no reports of injuries following the blaze. Firefighters remained at the scene this morning as they worked to bring the fire under control. Crews from Stoke Newington, Tottenham, Homerton, Hornsey, Holloway fire stations were attending.
EXPRESS LFB said the cause of the fire is not known at this stage
TWITTER (@999LONDON) Witnesses watched as the school burned
TWITTER(@999LONDON) Plumes of smoke billowed from the building
Cybercrime is victimizing US companies and consumers, but a gap in cybersecurity skills presents a problem for the federal government. ESET's Stephen Cobb investigates.
These are politically charged times in America, but the rampant cybercrime that is victimizing US companies and consumers these days should not be taken as a sign that the federal government has not been trying to do something about the problems of cybersecurity. Four years ago, president Obama launched the process that led to the creation of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework and a broad range of organizations now use this framework to guide their cybersecurity efforts.
Unfortunately, many of these efforts are hindered by a shortage of qualified candidates for cybersecurity jobs. We have talked about this cybersecurity skills gap before on WeLiveSecurity; for example, here, and more recently, here. The gap is the result of several factors, including a rapid expansion in the use of digital technology, accompanied by an increase in its abuse for criminal purposes.
At the same time, a lot of experienced security professionals are reaching retirement age, while many of today's students find the potential rewards of building tomorrow's technology more appealing than the task of securing yesterday's.
“Every year in the US there are 128,000 openings for Information Security Analysts, but only 88,000 workers currently employed in those positions.”
This is another area where the federal government has been proactive. Just a few months into their first term, Obama launched the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education (NICE) to address the need to expand the cybersecurity workforce.
A very visible example of these federal efforts is the website CyberSeek.org, which provides “detailed, actionable data about supply and demand in the cybersecurity job market”.
Unfortunately, the cybersecurity skills gap is proving to be a tough problem to solve. Consider these numbers from the CyberSeek site: “Every year in the US there are 128,000 openings for information security analysts, but only 88,000 workers currently employed in those positions – a talent shortfall of 40,000 workers for cybersecurity's largest job.”
But wait, there's more (or less, depending on how you look at it): “There are 220,000 additional openings requesting cybersecurity-related skills, and employers are struggling to find workers who possess them. Jobs requesting skills, for example, remain open 96 days on average.”
CyberSeek offers two interesting tools to help deal with this problem: the Career Pathway and the Cybersecurity Supply/Demand Heat Map. The latter is regularly updated and presents some eye-opening numbers. Consider the number of online job listings for cybersecurity-related positions from July 2015 through June 2016: roughly 350,000.
To put that in context, consider the estimate for the total number of employed cybersecurity workers in 2016: about 780,000. You don't have to be an expert in labor economics to know that things are out of whack when one year's worth of job openings in an industry is 45% of the total workforce.
Another indicator of things being “out of whack” – which is not the technical term, but definitely seems to describe the situation – is the number of job openings in the US that request the Certified Information System Security Professional qualification, relative to the number of people in the US who are CISSPs: 93,000 to 70,000.
This particular gap, of 23,000 people, tells me two things. First, there are probably not enough CISSPs in America right now; and second, a significant number of those job openings could probably be filled by people who don't have their CISSP. Why would that be? Because too many companies don't understand what a CISSP means, and only ask for it because they see it listed in other security job ads. I wrote about this problem last year, when I reached my 20-year anniversary as a CISSP, and clearly some of the issues that I identified persist.
“Too many companies don't understand what a CISSP means, and only ask for it because they see it listed in other security job ads.”
One of the most frustrating issues is the continuing lack of clarity about cybersecurity roles and KSAs: the knowledge, skills, and abilities required to perform the different roles that comprise the information systems security mission.
That's where the CyberSeek Career Pathway comes into play. This interactive tool embodies the National Cybersecurity Workforce Framework (the Workforce Framework), the initial goal of which was to establish a standard taxonomy for all cybersecurity work and the workers who perform it, regardless of employer or industry sector.
To accomplish this, NICE resolved cybersecurity work into 31 specialty areas organized into seven categories: Securely Provision; Operate and Maintain; Protect and Defend; Investigate; Collect and Operate; Analyze; Oversight and Development. NICE went on to identify the KSAs required for each role and then mapped possible career paths for cybersecurity workers, as seen here on the CyberSeek website:
The CyberSeek tool does more than you see there, allowing you to drill down to the education, skills, and qualifications requested for any given job description, with alternative titles used for that job, the number of openings, average salary, and pay range. If someone is interested in pursuing a job in cybersecurity then the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Careers and Studies (NICCS) provides an online resource for locating cybersecurity training. The NICCS site lists over 3,000 cybersecurity-related training courses offered in the US and you can search them by keyword, specialty, and location:
These tools are free and I hope that they will help people to enter, and progress within, the cybersecurity field. Unfortunately, this field is in competition with many others. In other words, the cybersecurity skills gap is not the only gap the US has to worry about.
You may have seen this headline last month: “Trump's infrastructure splurge would collide with US skilled labor crunch”. And earlier this year there was this warning in the Wall Street Journal: “The US could run out of occupational therapists, railroad engineers and other workers, potentially leaving the economy in a long-term slump”.
The US Federal Reserve Board considers 4.8% to be “the natural rate of unemployment”; in other words, anything below that constitutes full employment. That means most job openings have to be filled by people leaving existing jobs. The US unemployment rate last month was 4.7%, so it's not like the country has a lot of “spare” people from whom to recruit the cybersecurity workforce. I fear the skills gap may well persist for some time, despite our best efforts to reduce it.
by Patrick Hildebrandt
What happens when certain characters on an otherwise successful show just don't connect with an audience? They're often written out and given a dignified and acknowledged farewell. But some characters are so unlucky that they are sentenced to the grimmest of all TV deaths: Chuck Cunningham Syndrome, where a character simply disappears, and their absence is never acknowledged and the other characters continue on as if nothing has happened.
Let's take a look at some prominent examples of this phenomenon—starting, naturally, with the character who started it all.
Happy Days — Chuck Cunningham
If ever there was a poster child of TV character disappearances, it would be poor Chuck Cunningham (Gavan O'Herlihy / Randolph Roberts). Before Al Molinaro ran Arnold's, before Joanie loved Chachi, and before the Fonz jumped over a fake shark and into television lore, there was Chuck. They were originally the third and eldest child of the Cunningham brood, a basketball player at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.
Chuck was supposed to be the series' older brother, but unlike siblings Ritchie and Joanie, they were generally superfluous to the series happenings, and they usually only appeared while en route to someplace else, such as basketball practice. Their character never caught on the way Arthur Fonzarelli did, so when producers decided to focus more on the Fonz, the unimportant Chuck was written out of the series.
Their removal certainly didn't hurt the show, as Happy Days ran for nine more years and earned its place as one television's greatest sitcoms. But Chuck's disappearance was never explained, and aside from a few passing comments, they were never mentioned again. Their departure was so shocking and confounding to fans that they named this TV phenomenon after him. They aren't the first, but they are the most prominent example.
Family Matters — Judy Winslow
Remember when Family Matters was a solid show about the working-class Winslow family in Chicago? Neither do I, because that original premise was quickly hijacked by Steve Urkel. The obnoxious, accident-prone, cheese-loving, nasally-voiced antagonist quickly became one of the biggest stars of the 90s, and the show began to focus on them and their exploits, much to the detriment of other family members.
One of those members was Judy Winslow (Jaimee Foxworth), originally the third and youngest of the Winslow clan. As the show moved towards Urkel, Judy, who was never that popular and was rarely featured, was given the axe after the fourth season. Family Matters continued to run for four more seasons, but Urkel's increasingly strained and improbable antics eventually sank it. As for Foxworth, they later ended up broke and became a porn actor. They seem to have rebounded somewhat; during a 2006 appearance on Oprah they spoke openly about their experiences and their desire to help other young women avoid them mistakes.
That "˜70s Show — Tina Pinciotti
Most fans of That "˜70s Show would consider Donna Pinciotti, Eric Foreman's formidable friend/love interest, to be an only child. And they'd be mostly correct, since that's how they were portrayed for most of the series' run. But in the first season, Donna had a younger sister, Tina (Amanda Fuller). They appeared in one episode and was promptly never seen or heard from again, aside from a cliffhanger-like voiceover ending to a season two episode: "And whatever happened to Midge's daughter Tina? Confused? You won't be, after the next episode of That '70s Show!"
That "˜70s Show has drawn a lot of comparisons to Happy Days, and it's been suggested that Tina's disappearance was an intentional homage to Chuck Cunningham. The producers apparently weren't satisfied, because Donna also at one time had an older sister, Valerie. They were mentioned once, but never seen on camera, and never mentioned again. Donna's suddenly sister-less existence has provided ample fodder for hardcore fans. And, for some of us, a desire to do that to our own siblings.
Saved By the Bell — Too numerous to mention
Yes, even our favorite pantheon to high school isn't immune. In fact, Saved By the Bell's sins are more plentiful than any other show on this list. In the first season, junior high schoolers Zack Morris, Screech Powers and Lisa Turtle played second fiddle to a teacher character, Carrie Bliss (Hayley Mills). When the characters graduate to full-fledged high school, Bliss is gone, along with fellow teachers Tina Paladrino (Joan Ryan) and Milo Williams (T.K. Carter). And the additions of A.C. Slater, Jessie Spano and Kelly Kapowski resulted in unexplained demises for former friends Nikki Coleman (Heather Hopper) and Mikey Gonzalez (Max Battimo).
It's not simply a matter of changing schools, since ever-vigilant principal Mr. Belding remained on board. The real explanation is a fascinating case study of television production. The junior high/Carrie Bliss episodes were actually from a completely different show: Good Morning, Miss Bliss, created in 1988 and seen on the Disney Channel. The show was canceled after 13 episodes, but NBC thought the idea had merit and repackaged it as Saved By the Bell, shifting the focus to the teens and tinkering with the cast.
This wouldn't even be a matter for debate if NBC didn't consider Miss Bliss part of the Saved By the Bell canon; they even brazenly include those episodes in the syndication package, re-titling them Saved By the Bell and using the same classic theme song. The result is a show that's promoted as one seamless whole, but features some jarring character and continuity problems between the first season and the other four—most notably, the inexplicable location switch from dreary Indiana to sunny California. We'll save The Tori Paradox for another weekend.
Surely there are other characters who went missing that escaped our attention completely. Do you know of one?
Scott Stuart / Southcreek / Zuma Penn State Nittany Lions running back Michael Zordich (9) and linebacker James Van Fleet (54) prepare to take the field against Ohio State in Columbus, Ohio
Louisiana State University may again be the best team in the nation going into the recently announced college bowls, but when it comes to the football team's academic performance, it's a lower-than-middling No. 13. According to an analysis by the New America Foundation (NAF), only 48% of the school's football players graduate within six years or less.
But the ironic news is that the team that topped the list is Penn State, whose football program, coached by the legendary Joe Paterno, was rocked by a sex-abuse scandal. According to the analysis, Penn State graduates 80% of its football players in six years or less and also shows no achievement gap between its black and white players, which NAF says is extremely rare for Division I football teams. (At LSU, by comparison, the team's black players are 32% less likely to graduate than their white counterparts.) Winning the top honors in the academic bowl further proves the success of Paterno's “grand experiment,” their idea that major-college athletes could contend for national championships while excelling in the classroom.
(PHOTOS: The Career of Joe Paterno)
New America Foundation
So this may be the only time in recent weeks we've had to admit — at least in this arena — that more schools should be doing what Penn State has done. NAF got into the business of compiling academic rankings as a way to increase the focus on college athletes' academic success (or lack thereof). “We would hope athletes would be leaving college with skills that could be used in a career after their sports career is over,” says Maggie Severns, a program associate with NAF. “But these days, it's taken for granted that athletes, particularly football and basketball players, aren't really focusing on their academic careers.”
(MORE: Doug Glanville: Silence in the Locker Room)
While the NCAA slightly increased its standards for academic performance earlier this year, the bar is still too low, Severns says. The reality of the situation is that for the vast majority of players, the skills they learn in the classroom are much more important than their athletic performance. After all, says Severns, “the majority of these kids won't be making millions from playing professionally. Most athletes from Division I teams don't end up going pro, and those that do often get cut after the first year or two.” Which means that student athletes nationwide — especially those at Arkansas and Michigan State, which ranked at the bottom out of 25 teams — should spend more time with their noses buried in academic books, not playbooks.
Webley is a staff writer at TIME. Find them on Twitter at @kaylawebley or on Facebook at facebook.com/kaylawebley. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
Thy life's a miracle.
–King Lear
_____________
We have seen, ad nauseam, how the Jacobins of democracy work. They open up their borders to the barbarians of color without the approval of the native born, then they give the colored heathens voting rights, and proudly proclaim that the majority of their people are in favor of the extermination of the white race. And white people are unable to oppose the liberals because they cannot muster up enough votes to vote the liberals out of office. That is the democratic conundrum which keeps the white man a prisoner in the white lands.
Why not break out of the democratic prison? The Moslems and the barbarians of color are now part of the history of Europe, but they are not part of the soul of Europe. And whatever is not part of the soul of Europe should be expelled from Europe. You can physically violate a person, and by that violation you violate the soul as well. But you cannot change the soul of the victims; their souls remain their own. Europe has been and continues to be violated. But its Christian soul remains intact. We must avenge their violation. They, the invaders, are now part of our history, an infamous part of our history, but they are not of Europe, they are from the dark holes and corners of the world that are connected to hell. The liberals want to blend with them because they, like the demons who went into the swine, hate Jesus Christ and love the devil.(1)
The next part of the Europeans' history will be the reconquest. The face of Europe will show the ashes of heathen places of worship and the ashes of what were formally welcome centers for the invaders. This is not a subject for debate, it is not something we should vote on: Europe will not be a home for infidels and liberals. The greatest crusade of them all has begun, the crusade to drive the heathens from the European lands.
We cannot rob our children of their spiritual heritage nor can we dishonor our dead. This sacrilege cannot be permitted any longer. It is about our Christian soul. At Europe's heart is Christ; can we allow that Sacred Heart to be obscured and supplanted in the hearts of our posterity by the blasphemies of the liberals, the colored barbarians, and the Moslems?
Heart of London, there is a moral in thy every stroke! As I look on at thy indomitable working, which neither death, nor press of life, nor grief, nor gladness out of doors will influence one jot, I seem to hear a voice within thee which sinks into my heart, bidding me, as I elbow my way among the crowd, have some thought for the meanest wretch that passes, and, being a man, to turn away with scorn and pride from none that bear the human shape. –Dickens
Dickens' London is every European city, town, and country dwelling. Millions upon millions of white Christian souls made those cities, towns, and country dwellings the Christ-dwelling places, because they said “Come, Lord Jesus, into our hearts.” Christian mysticism is not an intellectual system, it is not a series of spiritual exercises, it is a meeting of hearts – The divine heart of Christ touches the heart of man and a miracle of grace occurs. In King Lear, when Edgar's father is in despair and seeks a way to end their lives, Edgar tells them that their life is a miracle. That is what Europe was and still is at heart. Europe is a miracle of divine love. Michelangelo got it right when they painted the Sistine Chapel. God in heaven reaches out to us through our Divine Savior, Jesus Christ. We cannot comprehend the significance or the enormity of that divine condescension with our intellects alone. No work of philosophy or theology has ever come close to a definition or a description of that miracle. But our people have shown us the miracle, because they lived it. They took Christ into their hearts, and Europe was the result. Our bards are not like unto the bards of the heathens, because the lay of the European bard tells us of the mystic connection between the sacred heart that has redeemed the world and the men and the woman who gave Him their hearts.
As I watch the heathens come into Europe, completely unopposed, I keep hearing Edgar's words, “Thy life's a miracle.” This invasion will not be voted away; the revolutionary tribunal governments of Europe will not allow that. But this is not the end of Europe. It is the end of democratic Europe. That Europe is not of Europe. It will turn to ashes just as Maleficent turned to ashes when Prince Phillip threw the sword of truth into their heart.
The modern critics like to deride Prince Hal for their rejection of Falstaff, but Falstaff was given every chance to be a loyal friend and soldier, and they refused all those chances. So Hal does what they have to do, they reject Falstaff:
I know thee not, old man; fall to thy prayers.
How ill white hairs become a fool and jester!
I have long dreamt of such a kind of man,
So surfeit-swell'd, so old and so profane;
But, being awak'd, I do despise my dream. —Henry IV Part 2
Falstaff is democratic Europe, so “surfeit-swell'd… so profane.” Once we wake from that life-in-death nightmare (call it democracy or diversity or egalitarianism) we will do what Europeans have always done, we will fight the heathens.
Everything coming from democratic, scientific Europe has been a lie. Psychology has not shown us previously unexplored regions of the human soul. Instead the scientific psychologists have reduced man to a triviality.  They are a laboratory specimen full of easily recognizable phobias and impulses. A little dash of reason, science, and liberalism will fix him. When they are fixed, they can worship in the atheist church of their choice, or they can worship directly at the font of all satanic knowledge, the University. The white man of the 20th and 21st century has studied themselves out of existence. The old fairy tales were true: There is God, there is the devil, and a flesh and blood man, not a lab specimen, who needs to know that there is a loving Savior who will protect them against the wickedness and snares of the devil. The devil's most effective snare has been and continues to be – “Only a stupid idiot believes that there is a devil who roams about the world seeking the ruin of souls.” But there is a devil and we need the savior who comes to us through our racial hearth fire to help us in our war against our ancient and eternal foe. If we try to use the democratic process or an ecclesiastical process to fight Satan and their minions, we will be consumed by that process. The processes in church and state serve Satan; that is why the Pope Francises and Angela Merkels of the world support those processes. If we step away from the modern rendering factories of the liberals, we will find the real world, the world of the European fairy tale, where the memory of a love that passeth all understanding still “holds a seat.” To remember, to hold Their cross before our eyes, and to uphold the rights of the Savior who died on that cross, is all in all. If the European people will not defend Their Kingdom come, on earth as it is in heaven, who will?
I saw a video recently of an endless stream of colored heathens, what the liberals call ‘refugees,' flooding over the borders into Europe. I thought of that old hymn – “Onward, Christian Soldiers.” But I thought of the Satanic inverse of that song, “Onward, satanic warriors, going as to war, with the Archangel Satan, going on before.” Satan is not just at the gates, they have invaded Europe through their people, the liberals and the colored barbarians. But Satan, unlike Christ, who is bound to their people in love, is only bound to their people in hate. They don't love one another, they are incapable of love, but they do hate — they hate the white Europeans and their God.
The new alternative right is from the left. They use the same psychological mumbo-jumbo as their liberal brethren. And they do not love the European people. We don't need more smart Europeans; we need Europeans who love and hate with all their heart. A European who has an unshakable faith in the living God of the European people, when they were a people, will not allow the colored heathens to occupy Europe. No matter how many votes they get, no matter that the military and the police protect them, the Europeans will drive the heathens from their lands. But men will not fight without faith. When the Europeans stop believing in Jacobin democracy, psychology, and science, and return to the faith of their fathers, they will see the European Phoenix rise from the ashes while the idols of the liberals, the Moslems, and the colored barbarians turn to ashes.
It seems simple-minded to suggest that charity never faileth when charity seems to be a complete failure. Has charity stopped the invasion of Europe? Hasn't the invasion occurred because of charity? No, the invasion of Europe has taken place because the liberals have not charity, and because the European people have not fought liberalism in the name of charity. Charity has a local habitation and a name. Without calling on Him by name – and They still wait for us at our racial hearth fire – we can do nothing. And with Him? Look what the Europeans who called on Him by name achieved. They built Europe.
The liberals have not retreated, they still believe in and act according to the Jacobin principles of their white-hating ancestors: “No light reaches eyes which regard blindness as clearsightedness; no remorse affects a soul which erects barbarism into patriotism and which sanctions murder with duty.” (Taine) The liberals will do their duty – they will destroy the white race if the European people do not purge democracy and everything that accompanies it – pacifism, Islam, negro worship, atheism, feminism – from their hearts. The Prince in Disney's Snow White declares that they have room in their heart for only one love. Millions of European people have lived and died loving Him in and through their people. It is not impractical or unrealistic to believe that the Europeans will triumph still if they love where they should love and hate where they should hate. +
___________________________________
(1) Aren't the liberals, in their fervent desire to rid themselves of the Christ-bearing people and to enter into the colored swine, reacting like the demons in the Gospel? Yes, they are. And we must refuse to go over the cliff with them even if it means being non-democratic, simple-minded, and – horror of horrors – racist.
As we mark eight years since the 2003 invasion of Iraq. President Obama's promise to remove all US troops and bases in December can begin to end a twenty-year history of conflict between the two countries. The harsh US policy towards Iraq began in August 1990, with comprehensive economic sanctions imposed following Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and continued during the 2003 invasion to overthrow the government of Saddam Hussein. The clear result has been a senseless loss of life and the devastation of a country rich in oil reserves.
Tell your community that the lesson of Iraq is that war is not the answer. Write a letter to your local newspaper.
These decades of conflict have ignored developing diplomacy in favor of military strategies that have inflicted so much suffering on the Iraqi people and taken a huge toll on US soldiers as well. Through our eight-year occupation, a more insidious toolkit has been developed that professes to limit civilian casualties but based on the aggressive use of force. Consider:
Arming unmanned drones (spy-planes) have become the weapon of choice for targeted assassination. Adopting the use of torture, most notably in Abu Ghraib prison, has corrupted the US morally. Pitting tribal, ethnic and sectarian groups against each other – the ‘colonial' tactic of divide and conquer – is creating more internal violence.
But there is another way.
Non-military options can work. Popular movements demanding change have proven to be the best antidote to oppression and militarism. We have witnessed this over and over again - in Lebanon in 2005, in Tunisia and Egypt this year, where people are demanding their economic and human rights.
The contrast of the US military strategy for change and a people-centered movement for change could not be starker.
During an explosive CNN segment on Sunday, former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer (R) lashed out at President Barack Obama because they said they were tired of being called a "bigot" for supporting presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
At a fundraiser for Gov. Jay Inslee (D-WA) on Friday, Obama took a shot at Trump.
"We don't have time for charlatans and we don't have time for hatred and we don't have time for bigotry and we don't have time for film-flam," the president said. "And we don't have the luxury of just popping off and saying just whatever comes to the top of our heads. Don't have time for that."
The comments appeared to hit a nerve with Brewer when they were asked about them during a panel segment on CNN.
"Obama just always comes tearing after Republicans constantly, calling names and calling people bigots and racists," they complained. "And that's their big comeback, you know. And it's absolutely ridiculous. To see a president speak like that is offensive."
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley reminded Brewer that the president did not make their comments "about all Republicans."
"But they did say it rightly that Donald Trump is a bigot, Donald Trump is a racist," O'Malley insisted. "Donald Trump is, in fact, making fascist appeals. That's why many self-respecting Republicans are not supporting Donald Trump."
"We need to discuss policy," Brewer shot back. "With President Obama and Hillary Clinton, every time you disagree with them, it doesn't matter which subject it is, you're a bigot or you're a racist!"
"No, that's not true," O'Malley replied.
CNN host Jake Tapper wondered if Brewer considered any of Trump's remarks "to be at the very least racially tinged or offensive on a racial level."
Brewer, however, gave Trump a pass because they were "new to the political area" when they said things they "wasn't comfortable with."
"But dang it," they exclaimed. "I get fed up that we hear over and over and over and over again from the president of the United States that every time somebody wants to support on the Constitution and the rule of law that we are out there because we are racist and bigots."
↓ Story continues below ↓
O'Malley noted that Trump had launched racial attacks on the Mexican heritage of a judge hearing the case against Trump University.
"Surely, Governor," O'Malley said, turning to Brewer, "you can't agree that is proper behavior for a man who's running for president."
"I don't believe Donald Trump meant it in the manner that they said it," Brewer remarked. "I believe that they felt that they were being treated unfairly."
"Because they hate Mexicans?" O'Malley asked.
"No!" Brewer said.
"I can't believe you're supporting him," O'Malley laughed, throwing up theirs hands.
"Believe it," Brewer concluded.
'Project Nim': A Chimp's Very Human, Very Sad Life
Enlarge this image toggle caption Harry Benson/Roadside Attractions Harry Benson/Roadside Attractions
Project Nim Director: James Marsh
Genre: Documentary
Running Time: 93 minutes Rated PG-13 for some strong language, drug content, thematic elements and disturbing images With: Nim Chimpsky, Herbert Terrace, Stephanie LaFarge, Laura-Ann Petitto, Joyce Butler
Watch Clips 'Cats' 'Cats' 'Chimps Aren't Humans' 'Chimps Aren't Humans' 'Play' 'Play'
In 1973, an infant chimpanzee was taken from their mother's arms and sent to live with a human family as part of a Columbia University psychology experiment.
The goal of the project was to see if the animal, named Nim Chimpsky, could be conditioned to communicate with humans if they were raised like a human child in a human household. They learned some very basic words in American Sign Language, but Nim continued to act like a chimp — they bit the children in the house and didn't understand how to behave like a human child. It was decided that the family could no longer care for Nim, and they were shuffled from caretaker to caretaker for several years.
In 1977, Nim attacked one of the people taking care of him, and the experiment ended. At that point, researchers said they knew more than 125 ASL signs — but no one knew quite what to do with Nim. They were sent to a medical research facility, where they lived in a cage with other chimps for the first time in their life, before being rescued and sent to an animal sanctuary. They died in 2000.
Nim and the many people who raised them over the years are the subjects of James Marsh's new documentary Project Nim. Marsh and two of the people who worked with Nim join Fresh Air's Terry Gross for a discussion about the film and about the controversial experiment.
"The premise of the experiment was to treat them as much as a human child as possible and to give them the nurturing of a human child in order [to see if] they would behave like one," Marsh says. "And it was quite striking that there wasn't an investigation into what chimpanzees actually were or what they're like. And the wild animal comes out in them very quickly, and [no one] was prepared for that."
Jenny Lee: 'He Was Just Included In The Family'
The first family to take Nim in lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in a giant brownstone. Jenny Lee, who was 13 years old at the time, remembers their mom, Stephanie LaFarge, raising Nim alongside them and their siblings. They say their mother grew quite attached to the chimp, even breastfeeding them throughout their stay at their house.
"He needed diapers, they needed bottles, they needed feedings," Lee recalls. "And it was odd they were a chimp. But at the same time, there was kind of a normalcy about it in that they were just included in the family right away."
While Jenny and their siblings went to school, Nim learned sign language with researchers at Columbia University. The goal was to open up a window into Nim's thoughts and to see if they could develop real language skills. When they came home each night, Nim would play with the Lee children and mimic their behavior. But as they aged, they became more aggressive — and no one knew what to do.
"It was really the biting that became the big problem after maybe they were a year old, because it's painful and it can draw blood," Lee says, "and with human babies, you can teach them not to do that. And that was not something that Nim was able to learn to really control."
Nim left the family's house and moved in with a series of caretakers before going to a primate facility on the grounds of the University of Oklahoma.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Roadside Attractions
Bob Ingersoll: 'Keeping Chimpanzees In Cages Is Torture'
Bob Ingersoll, a graduate student at the University of Oklahoma, was working as a research assistant at the primate facility and met Nim on their first day.
"You could read [fear and apprehension] through their facial expression and their body language," Ingersoll says. "It was very distressing to them and ... we were really worried about Nim and we spent quite a lot of time with him, making sure they were eating and drinking and not being picked on by the other chimps."
Ingersoll immediately began using sign language with Nim to comfort him. They say the chimp was never aggressive around them — and quickly became one of their good friends.
"It was easy to hang out with him," they say. "He did for me the same thing that I think that I did for him, which was make them feel comfortable and certain and familiar with the situation."
While taking long walks around the grounds of the primate facility, Ingersoll occasionally smoked pot with Nim, who had been introduced to marijuana in New York City and even appeared in the magazine High Times in 1975.
"He actually signed 'stone smoke time now' to us first," Ingersoll says. "We were shocked. Although we were familiar with chimpanzees that did things like drinking and smoke cigarettes and that sort of thing, I'd never had a chimpanzee request weed from me. That was an eye-opener."
Ingersoll and Nim spent much of their time together, until Nim was once again moved, this time to a medical research laboratory. Ingersoll later helped rescue Nim from the research facility, and the chimp was moved to a ranch for abused animals.
"What they needed at that point was to be with other chimps," Ingersoll says. "Chimps don't need to be with humans. They need to have a chimp life. So my own personal need to hang out with Nim or walk with Nim wasn't as important to me as doing the right thing for Nim. ... Chimpanzees in captivity is just not where they ought to be. ... I would hope that one of the lessons that we learned from Nim's life is that keeping chimpanzees in cages is torture and really plays havoc on their mental health."
Prime Minister John Key says they will write a letter of support if necessary for the police officer who left their gun in a Parliament toilet.
Prime Minister John Key has backed a member of their protection squad who left their loaded gun in a Parliament toilet, describing the man as "the most professional guy I've dealt with".
Police are investigating how a loaded glock pistol was left behind in a bathroom at Parliament last week, describing it as "a regrettable incident that we are taking seriously".
The gun was recovered by police after they became aware it had been left behind.
ONE News A protester who drove their car onto Parliament's forecourt is "a far more worrying factor", John Key says.
Key was not at Parliament when the gun was found, but confirmed it belonged to a member of their diplomatic protection service.
READ MORE:
* Police gun left in Parliament bathroom
* Man charged with arson after Budget day Parliament protest
* No bail for man who locked down Parliament on Budget Day
* Parliament lockdown accused seeks bail after Budget day protest
The man had been part of Key's security detail for eight years - "as long as I've been Prime Minister" - and was "utterly professional", Key said.
"He's the most professional guy I've dealt with, he's just made a catastrophic error and it's pretty awful for them because he's not that kind of guy, they don't make mistakes easily and unfortunately that's happened."
The man had apologised to Key and was "utterly mortified", but it was simply a human error.
"In their field of work, that's something they have with him, a gun, but ministers could leave cabinet papers on a plane and...I wouldn't be happy, but I'd understand."
Key would not comment on whether the man was still part of their security detail, but said they were happy to write a letter of support for them if asked by police.
They remained concerned about wider security issues, saying the protester who was able to drive a car loaded with fuel onto Parliament's forecourt was a "far more worrying factor".
"If that had been packed with a fertiliser bomb or something, then that represented a real threat...to people that were in quite close to that vehicle."
The Parliamentary Service had been looking into the broader issue of security around Parliament, and were installing retractable bollards at all vehicle entrances.
Coffee company provokes Twitter storm by mistakenly sending message meant only for UK to customers in Republic of Ireland
Starbucks in hot water after asking Irish tweeters if they are proud to be British
Inviting followers on Twitter to "show us what makes you proud to be British" as part of a diamond jubilee promotion must have seemed like a good idea at the time at Starbucks.
But after tweeting the invitation to nearly 2,000 Irish followers of its Twitter account on Tuesday, the coffee giant has been on the receiving end of a backlash over its seemingly shaky grasp of political geography.
"Right now someone in Starbucks Ireland is wishing there was a Twitter version of the memory wipe thing from Men In Black," was just one of the responses tweeted soon after.
One follower of the Starbucks Ireland account (@Starbucks.IE), Fergus McNally, commented: "the ie stands for Ireland, awaiting the apology before I visit your stores again!!"
An apology did come, hours after the gaffe, with the Starbucks Ireland account telling followers: "We erroneously posted to our Irish Twitter page meaning to post to the UK only. Customers in Ireland: We're sorry."
The company later followed up by issuing a statement saying: "First and foremost we apologise to our Irish customers for the mistake made on Twitter this afternoon.
"The tweet, which was only meant to be sent to our British Twitter followers as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations, was erroneously posted to our Irish Twitter page.
"We apologise to all our customers and followers on Twitter in Ireland and hope that they will forgive our mistake."
The error comes months after another global brand, Nike, found itself on the back foot after falling foul of sensitivities over Irish history.
The sportswear giant said no offence was intended after issuing a St Patrick's Day-themed shoe which raised memories of a British paramilitary unit which gained notoriety during the Irish war of independence.
Nike had released the shoe, which it dubbed the "Black and Tan", in a nod to Guinness. The beer-themed trainer had a black-leather upper with tan elements, creamy swoosh and featured an image of a pint.
In every city they visit during their world tour, Garth Brooks is taking time to hang out with children as part of their Teammates for Kids Foundation.
Teammates for Kids has helped provide scholarships for underprivileged children, allowing them to go to ProCamps Sports Camps, hosted by professional athletes.
“It's everything to me,” Brooks said in Edmonton Saturday. “It was junior high, it was high school. I was lucky enough to wear a college uniform. [It's a] sense of family… We treat the whole tour like it's a team.
“We're a family and that's what this is. It's about being part of something that's bigger than you could ever be by yourself… That's what a teammate is for me.”
READ MORE: Edmonton Oilers' Eric Gryba to shave beard for Garth Brooks charity
The ProCamps vary by sport and are led by different pro athletes and coaches.
In Edmonton on Saturday, Brooks teamed up with former Oiler Ryan Smyth to put on a ProCamp for 60 kids from the Boys and Girls Clubs of Edmonton and Big Brothers Big Sisters Edmonton.
Appropriately, the sport was ball hockey.
“Today is about the kids,” Smyth said. “It's great. It's about an opportunity… It's bringing everyone together… There's no greater feeling than being together as a team.”
When speaking to the kids, Brooks focused on love while Smyth talked about attitude.
“Love is the most important thing we can do down here. You can deal with human beings at this age,” Brooks said, holding their hand waist-high, “introduce love into their life – or you can deal with human beings at this age (gestures taller than him) who haven't had love introduced into their life. You'll see a big difference… I think it's the most important thing.”
READ MORE: Edmonton Oiler Eric Gryba bids adieu to their beard; raises $22K for charity
“Other than being a dad, this is the most important work I've ever gotten to do in my life,” Brooks added.
The children at the event ranged in age from nine to 13.
Smyth joined the Teammates for Kids in 1999, shortly after its inception.
READ MORE: Edmonton goes nuts for country star Garth Brooks
“What we found out about hockey is that they're the most giving and they spend so much time with the children,” Brooks said.
Now, the organization has 4,000 professional athletes as partners.
“These God-given gifted athletes that just want to play their sports and help kids,” Brooks said, “that's what it's all about.”
Dear MPP:
With no consultation, the Wynne government has introduced Bill 41, titled the Patients First Act, which will significantly impact the relationship between patients and their doctors. Bill 41 will allow the government to waste more on the expansion of bureaucracy instead of investing in frontline care.
There are five things about Bill 41 that deeply concern me as a patient:
1. Access to my doctor will be decided by government employees.
2. My confidential patient health records can be accessed by bureaucrats.
3. Funding will be taken away from hospitals and the frontline care provided by doctors and nurses to instead hire more government bureaucrats.
4. Provincial medical standards will be decided by bureaucrats and politicians instead of by medical experts.
5. The government will have control over all aspects of my healthcare with more emphasis on saving money instead of saving lives.
I am deeply concerned about the increasing Ontario government interference in my healthcare and I want Bill 41 to be stopped. In May, Wynne passed the Health Information Protection Act giving Ministry of Health employees unregulated access to my confidential patient health records. This continued invasion of my privacy is unacceptable. It's time for Wynne to stop putting bureaucrats ahead of patients.
As my representative, I demand that you take immediate action to stop Bill 41. #STOPBill41.
THE winter storms that whip in from the Mediterranean bring new misery to Gaza. In districts flattened during last summer's war with Israel, families huddle beneath plastic tarpaulins amid the rubble. When aid agencies arrive with supplies they scuffle for blankets. Those still with homes stay in bed to keep warm because there is little electricity. At the border passage to Israel, the sick and dying lie on stretchers for hours before the metal gates, seeking admission for treatment that their hospitals cannot provide for lack of medicines or equipment. The businesses that survived the bombardment are mostly idle because of Israel's export restrictions, and Egypt's closure of smuggling tunnels.
Gaza has been broken by three Israeli offensives in five years; eight years of economic blockade; one-party rule by Hamas, an armed Islamist group; and a distant Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, who has largely forsaken the territory that they lost to Hamas in 2007. The rickety social system that somehow held Gaza together is falling apart.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
A host of initiatives to release the chokehold have come to nothing. Last summer Ismail Haniyeh, the then Hamas prime minister, formally surrendered their bankrupt enclave to a “unity government” under Mr Abbas's Palestinian Authority. But the power-sharing agreement left Hamas's forces in charge of security, so Mr Abbas was always distrustful. They dithered over forwarding funds from Qatar to pay the salaries of Gaza's civil servants. Those appointed by Hamas were told to step down and reapply for their jobs, subject to Fatah's vetting
Hamas's employees show up for work even though they have received only three partial salary payments in 18 months. “We won't let Gaza collapse,” insists an officer manning Hamas's passport-control office. But protests, often by unpaid workers, have increased threefold since September. On January 13th police officers stepped aside to let protesters burst into a cabinet meeting. “We spent our last shekels two months ago,” apologised one of Mr Abbas's officials in Gaza, fending off protesters. Bombs explode next to cash machines.
Efforts to persuade Egypt's strongman, Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi, to relax the border restrictions have also failed. A proposal to open the Rafah crossing for three days collapsed after militants in neighbouring Sinai killed an Egyptian border guard, in a campaign of jihadist violence that, Egyptian officials claim, is being fuelled in part by radicals in Gaza.
Israel's prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, has proven similarly resistant to pressure. Last summer's ceasefire has not lived up to the promise that the blockade would be lifted and billions of dollars provided for reconstruction. Israel broke off negotiations on re-opening the borders; Hamas has nothing to show but destruction and 2,100 dead for its recourse to guns and rockets. Last month Israel let in a tenth of the amount of cement the UN says Gaza needs daily to rebuild; even so, the Palestinians lack the money to buy it.
Hamas's once-sober security forces behave more erratically. Hamas's military arm, the Qassam Brigades, intermittently stages brazen armed parades, replete with locally manufactured drones. Hamas banned rallies by Mr Abbas's Fatah movement to mark its 50th anniversary, stripping organisers down to their underpants. Fatah leaders woke up early one morning recently to the sound of bombs detonating at the gates of their villas, and the few ministers still in Gaza have received death threats on their mobile phones.
Gaza's children dream of escape. At weekends, their parents take them to visit from afar the sole crossing to Israel. “Daddy, why don't we become Christian?” asks Walid, an eight-year-old boy, after hearing that Israel let their Christian classmates visit Bethlehem for Christmas. In recent months Israel has arrested about 20 boys trying to clamber across the border. Real prison, says Walid's father, might be better than life in the open jail of Gaza. And if shot? Well, they laugh, a quick death is better than the slow one on offer.
The first thing you hear in “The Larry Sanders Show” is Hank Kingsley (Jeffrey Tambor), the sidekick to the late-night host Larry Sanders (Garry Shandling), preparing the members of the studio audience of the show within the show. The host, they tell them, needs their help — their applause, their affirmation. “The better you are,” they say, “the better Larry is.”
We don't see the crowd, yet we've just been introduced to the most important relationship in the show. Mr. Shandling, who created this HBO comedy — it ran from 1992 to 1998 — with Dennis Klein and who died on Thursday at 66, didn't just produce a template for the modern sitcom. They created a love story — the story of the selfish, intense and generative love of an artist for their audience.
And Larry Sanders — well, they were not what you would call a conventionally lovable guy. They were passive-aggressive, preferring to delegate their battles to their producer, Artie (Rip Torn). They were not terrific at relationships (ask their ex-lover Roseanne), nor was they the world's greatest boss. They were vain and insecure. They were self-centered, self-loving and self-hating all at once.
But they were deeply human in their flaws, the greatest of which was their bottomless need. They needed to connect, they needed affirmation, they needed to please. Their signature line, “No flipping!” — mimicking an itchy finger on a remote — was the entertainer's creed: Don't leave me!
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - A 19-year-old Jacksonville man was arrested this weekend after calling 911 on themselves following a series of hit-and-run crashes, the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said.
Darrick Jimmy Lorenzo Nesmith was dropping their grandmother off at the Food for Florida event at the Regency Square Mall when they hit five cars in the parking lot while trying to leave, police said.
“He said they were carjacked at one point. Then they said they actually fell asleep at another point, and just accidentally hit the cars. Then they said they bumped into the cars,” Sheriff's Office Lt. Steve Mullen said. “We confronted them with camera evidence that the mall has, and they said, ‘No. I hit the cars. I got scared, and I took off.'”
After Nesmith hit five cars in the parking lot, they took off on foot, went up an embankment and down the Arlington Expressway, ending up near a Walmart, police said. They then called for paramedics to treat some injuries, which investigators said they didn't have.
“Maybe they felt like they had an injury. Their boots were covered in mud (and) they had a lot of stickers in their pants from running,” Mullen said.
Investigators said family members told them Nesmith shouldn't have been behind the wheel.
“Family members came here to pick up the other family member (grandmother) and were very upset that they were even driving,” Mullen said. “They said they shouldn't be driving (because) they don't know how to drive. That's evidenced by the carnage in the parking lot.”
Nesmith was charged with five counts of hit-and-run property damage and one count of driving without a license. Their bond is set at more than $13,000.
They waived their first appearance in court Monday.
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.
Today, we're always being told that videogames are social. It's only recently that I've been able to take enough of a step back to realise that this is weapons-grade nonsense.
Social gaming isn't a "share" button, or achievements, or single shard servers. Social gaming is getting home and not being able to have sex because your partner wasn't kidding about you invading Kamchatka. Social gaming is an entire match coming down to you looking your best friend in the eye, and deciding if you can trust him.
And as a fundamentally social hobby, it makes sense that co-op board games are popular. Disease-battler Pandemic gets a lot of love, and as an aside, if you play it and feel brave, you should totally move up to either Ghost Stories or Space Alert.
BUT, but, I think there's something even more social than co-op games. I'm talking about team games. I'm talking about working together with your friends, but against another tribe of competitive humans. It's the most fun you can have with your clothes on. If you were seeking to take your clothes off, or will stop at nothing for the most social experience imaginable, I'll just direct you to Tease: The Liberating Game for Couples & Groups.
Where was I? Right, yes. My favourite 5 team board games!
Memoir '44: Operation Overlord
I should save the best for last, but I'm too big a show off.
Memoir '44 is an incredible WW2 strategy game for just 2 players. An agonisingly tense duel over a narrow strip of land, where the orders you can issue—and the game's intimidation factor—is limited by the cards in your hand. Move 2 Units On The Right Flank, or Infantry Assault?
Advertisement
It looks like this:
Memoir '44: Operation Overlord looks like this:
Advertisement
Overlord takes three such games of Memoir and bolts them side by side in one grand battle, where each general is only dimly aware of stuff happening in their peripheral vision. It's impossibly epic, but it gets better.
The full extent of what's happening is overseen by the fourth player on each team, the Commander-In-Chief. This guy's responsible for handing out Memoir '44's signature order cards to each of their generals, but can only speak to one of them every turn. In other words, here's a game where you neglect to talk to your right flank because you're sure he's got it under control, only for an ambush that player had to watch creep up for three turns to suddenly strike.
The entire game's as epic, entertaining but accessible as Memoir '44 itself. A full, six hour game of Overlord might be my favourite board gaming memory in the last two years. Get it bought, get it played.
Advertisement
Ladies & Gentlemen
Course, if you think Overlord is an exhausting battle, Ladies & Gentlemen might literally kill you. Players are divided into Victorian husbands and wives hurriedly assembling outfits for a ball happening in 6 days time. At the end, the most elegantly dressed couple is the winner. Simple!
Advertisement
Not simple. The realistic part of Ladies & Gentlemen is that the ladies and gentlemen are, respectively, playing two entirely different games, and have no idea what the hell their partner is doing at the stock market / shopping arcade. At the end of a brutal day the women hand their desired clothes to the gentlemen, whose monocles immediately pop out into their tea at the prices.
"You need MORE SHOES? These cost £1200!"
"OK £1200 is very reasonable and secondly THAT'S A HAT."
That's an actual quote from the game I played yesterday. Best of all, if you have an odd number of players, the last player is a courtesan who can ask any gentlemen they like to buy them gifts. If the courtesan is the best dressed lady at the function, they win along with the gentleman who bought them the most. If she's the worst dressed, they scandalise the wife of the man that bought them the least.
Advertisement
Best game ever!
Rex: Final Days of an Empire
Advertisement
Rex is a weird one, partly because it's about a collective of bizarre aliens scrabbling for control of a planet even as it's still being bombed, but mostly because it doesn't start as a team game.
If you've played the Game of Thrones board game, you'll know what to expect. Too many players, not enough resources, not enough room, but if someone can control just 3 Important locations (such as the space-docks, the power plant, the government building) then they win.
Where things get interesting and potentially awful is when the Temporary Ceasefire card comes up. At that point, any of the 6 players can form alliances of 2 or 3 players, but this ups the victory condition for that team. Alone, a player needs 3 locations. With more players, your alliance needs 4 or 5.
Advertisement
This gives the game a beautiful flexibility. At the flip of card, it could grow from a free-for-all to 3v3. Half an hour later, it might collapse into a 2v2v1v1, as powerful players try and cut the dead weight from their team. Video game designers! Steal this idea. And thank me later.
1812: The Invasion of Canada
Advertisement
A wargame where your friends deserve a medal for even showing up, 1812: The Invasion of Canada is a game about America's famous (not famous) failed invasion of Canada that demands exactly 5 players. But wait! It's awesome!
1812 is a rarity because it's a refined, smart wargame, with all the wooden cubes and historical accuracy you'd expect, but that's just a great deal of fun. The Canada team is made up of players controlling the British Army, Canadian Militia and Native Americans, while team America is the American Army and American Militia.
In theory, everyone carefully discusses a plan, then launches joint assaults and retreats. In practice, someone uses the fact that they have one cube in a province to drag everybody else into a fight, then everyone gets to roll big, chunky dice and you see who lives (usually nobody), who dies (usually the most important people) and who runs away (usually the militia). It's absolutely joyous, with yet another genius mechanic regarding victory conditions.
Advertisement
It's better to defend than attack. But whichever team's controlling more territory when the game ends, wins. Except the game ends only when everybody on one team's managed to play their Ceasefire card, hidden somewhere in their deck. Don't get put off by the board, or the theme. This is tactics with all the absurd tension of Buckaroo.
Galaxy Trucker
Advertisement
We'll end with a secret one. Shh!
Galaxy Trucker is a disaster simulator by my favourite game designer, Vlaada Chvátil. 1-5 players race to build interstellar trucks before taking off in a convoy. 20 minutes later you'll all (probably) arrive at your destination piloting ships that could be anything from sheared clean in half to missing minor details like their entire crew or cargo, at which point you'll do it all again with an even bigger ship.
It's perfect. But at the back of the manual is a tiny little team variant. I didn't think Galaxy Trucker could get any better, but check this out: Players are split into teams of 2, and at intervals throughout the building process you have to sprint around the table to continue building whatever your friend was building.
Advertisement
I've played this exactly once. On the very last round of the game, where you're flying HUGE ships with dozens of crew members, my friend and I finished building and felt confident. We'd made a good showing. Then I went to join the convoy and exactly half of my ship took off, leaving another, entirely unconnected half on the runway.
You know what? I'll be right back. I'm off to organise another game of it right the hell now.
Quintin Smith is a games columnist able to identify different board game manufacturers by their scent.  They are not proud of this. You'll find their analog ramblings at Shut Up & Sit Down, their board game site, and @quinns108 on Twitter.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Board games are big business now! I've been screaming this for so long that my lungs resemble two teabags flapping in a breeze. Excitingly, this means every week I get a tweet, email or text from someone who's started their board game collection. More »
Advertisement
Right. For my first ever board game column for Kotaku, the editor-in-chief here suggested I cover the top games coming in 2013. This created an anime-sized bead of sweat on my forehead. More »
Sweatin' the Small Stuff, or, Beware Your Throwaway Jokes About Middle-Aged Women in Magic
Ladies and gentlemen, we give you this break from mediocre fanfic to talk about everybody's favorite topic: sexism in Magic.
(OK, maybe just mine. I have weird hobbies. This surprises nobody.)
As previously, I'm not talking about big, scary sexism—the stuff that's easy to point at and go “Wow, that's fucked up.” I'm not going to talk about the stream of gross comments and behavior Jackie Lee, for example, was exposed to when they Top 8ed GP Baltimore in 2012. I'm not even going to talk about the humiliation and anger women feel when male opponents they've defeated say “I can't believe I lost to a girl.” These acts of sexism are egregious enough that most reasonable people can nod their heads and follow along with the outrage and feel virtuous because they're not Those Assholes.
I'm not even going to talk about basic lands festooned with scantily-clad, anatomically-improbable women giving you come-hither glances. (Pro tip: if you use them, they make a lot of women feel gross and contribute to what lawyers have coined a “hostile environment,” but hey, that might be your goal?)
I'm going to talk about something that's a lot more subtle, and therefore a lot more uncomfortable, because none of us wants to be That Asshole. But sometimes we are—myself definitely included. And it can feel shitty to be called out, and it can feel even shittier when you don't even know what the hell this person is going on about, man, I was just trying to make a joke, can't we just roll with it and call it a joke?
No, no we can't. Because humorless feminist here, obvs.
It starts with what is overall a really, really great Star City Games article by Danny West, “Playing Commander in Style.” They go through some of the most degenerate Legendary Creatures and rips on them and… really, you should read the whole thing. It's freaking great. My favorite parts are their suggestions for how to make the degenerate Commanders more stylin'. (His Relentless Rats deck suggestion made me burst out with a surprised cackle.) Dude's comic timing is a joy to behold, and if I could barter for it, Ursula-style, I would.
And then I got to the part about Azami, Lady of Scrolls and I was all hahaha yeah so annoys very wait uh whut no no no don't noooooooo Y U DO DIS.
To quote West directly:
I remember reading someone from WotC's commentary on banning Mystical Tutor in Legacy years ago. They said it wasn't just that it was powerful—though it certainly is—it's that they didn't want a format marquee card being a middle-aged woman pointing at a passage in a dated text book.
(Emphasis mine.)
OK, first of all, West is kind of misquoting WotC; what Tom LaPille actually said at the time was this:
Upon the announcement of Mystical Tutor‘s banning, many players asked if unbanning Entomb was a mistake and why we didn't just reban it. This is a fine question, but that isn't quite what's going on. In fact, we don't think that unbanning Entomb was a mistake at all. We think it's cool that Reanimator is a deck. What we don't think is cool is to have an enigmatic-looking hooded woman holding a book and trying to look innocuous while they boost the power of every spell-based combination deck that ever shows up in the format.
(Emphasis again mine.)
Notice the shift in interpretation: West is making a crack about the age of the woman depicted in Mystical Tutor and how their lack of stylishness somehow played a part in the card's banning. LaPille's joke focuses on the contrast between how mild-mannered Mystical Tutor Lady looks, vs. the explosive, game-ending combo shenanigans the card enables. At no point is LaPille trying to make any kind of serious statement about Mystical Tutor Lady's appearance and how that appearance had any kind of bearing on the card's banning. Soooo that's kinda telling.
But let's take West's statement at face value for a moment, shall we? (“Yes, let's!” said nobody ever, but such is the tyranny I wield over this blog.) Let's in fact pretend that WotC had actual, real-life reservations about a middle-aged lady becoming the Face of Legacy, and that's one of the reasons they banned the card. I have a few points I want to make about “a format marquee card being a middle-aged woman” etc:
Point the First: When I see Mystical Tutor Lady, I don't think “frumpy middle-aged woman.” I honestly think she's kinda foxy. Am I nuts here? Or is my love for thoughtful-looking women with gorgeous eyes and great cheekbones skewing my perception?
I don't think it is. Mystical Tutor Lady has a facial structure actores and supermodels would kill to have. West was either engaging in a bit of hyperbole for yuks (and fell flat), or our beauty standards are way more screwed up than I gave credit for.
Point the Second: Contrast Mystical Tutor Lady with the faces gracing the other three cards in the cycle.
(Yeah, I know, bla bla bla Goblin Tutor bla bla but it clearly doesn't count because IT TUTORS TO HAND GOD THESE THINGS MATTER PEOPLE I MEAN WHAT ARE WE ANIMALS?)
Not that I don't love the adorable old dudes that grace Enlightened and Worldly Tutor. And sweet Sallie Mae, the art on Vampiric Tutor is just straight-up, uh, well, awkward. But Mystical Tutor, the one female face that's also in a position of power in this series, is actually conventionally attractive. So…what the hell? Middle-aged? Especially in comparison to the beyond-middle-aged dudes on Enlightened and Worldly tutor?
(The fact that Mystical Tutor Lady is kinda hot while being the only female depicted in the cycle is its own problem, and I've written about it at length already, so let us consider that dead horse beaten, shall we?)
UPDATE: Soooo, several friends pointed out that Enlightened Tutor is, in fact, an adorable old lady. I feel pretty mortified, and offer myself as an object lesson on how some people (well, actually pretty much only me in this particular instance, because everyone else I've talked to parsed Enlightened Tutor as female) interpret gender when given the potential for ambiguity. Remember how I said that I'm not exempt from occasionally being That Asshole? Proof, right here.
So. Uh. Well, that kind of blew my mind for the day. In a really awesome way, though.
END UPDATE
In conclusion: Mystical Tutor Lady: actually attractive enough to be a Cover Girl, if they weren't so busy fucking up every format in which she's legal.
Point the Third: I would be so. Flippin'. Thrilled. To see a woman like Mystical Tutor Lady is the face of Magic for a set or three. I am so very, very tired of sexualized ladies, hugely muscular guys, and smirky dudes being the face of Magic. Chandra went from a sweet steampunk-esque aesthetic to a Scarlett Johansson knock-off clad in chainmail Frederick's of Hollywood. Liliana went from sexy bellydancer who still looks scary enough to fuck you up to conventional cheesecake giving you a come-hither glance. And f'real now, Garruk the Roid Rager was the face of M15.
I dare Wizard to give us a major female Magic character (read: Planeswalker) in the next couple of sets who doesn't have a body that wouldn't look out of place on a runway or the cover of Playboy. Tamiyo, the Moon Sage was a great start, but that was three blocks ago. Hell, at this point, I'll take more than one female Planeswalker per set.
Mystical Tutor Lady, honestly, is most directly analogous to Jace in terms of appearance: mysterious. Good-lookin'. And, not gonna lie, kinda douchey, too—I mean look at that smirk. The smirk of blue mages everywhere. And I, for one, welcome more faces like theirs in Magic, both in its art and in its player's community.
All right. Whew. Glad I got that off my chest. Anyway, I kinda shrugged off the Mystical Tutor crack and continued reading the article and three paragraphs down…
How to Make Azami Cool Again: It's impossible. She's an aging librarian. If you really want to try to style up Azami, you could take all the wizards out of your deck, tie weights to your ankles, and jump in a pool.
Ugh. No. NO.
I mean, OK, Azami is the Lady of Broken Combo Crap. I totally agree with their sentiments about how Azami works in general and how Azami decks work in particular—and I think the jump-in-the-pool comment was pretty funny. But while West rips into many different Commanders in this article (he calls Uril, the Miststalker “a giant, unfriendly idiot you grow without hindrance,” which startled another a cackle out of me), they specifically make fun of the physical appearance of the characters on only two cards—and both cards feature women. And one of them because she's an OLDER LADY LIBRARIAN.
Y'all. We're nerds here, right? We're playing a game in which we're basically magical wizards waging magical battles across endless planes of magical existence. We've spent a lot of time—some dullards would probably even say too much time—arguing how THESE pieces of cardboard are CLEARLY BETTER than those other pieces of cardboard. Many of us prefer spending our Friday nights turning cards sideways and taking our opponents from 20 to 0 life points in lieu of, fuck, I don't know, playing hula hoops or doing the hustle or whatever the hell it is kids do these days that's cool.
Shouldn't we freak love librarians, regardless of age? I don't know about you, but I dreamed about becoming a librarian when I was a kid. Holy shit, a job in which I'm surrounded by books and to ensure that other people are surrounded by books? GIMME.
And I mean look at the art on Azami. LOOK AT IT.
Fuckin' scrolls everywhere! Why? Because they fuckin' said so. She's the motherfuckin' lady of motherfuckin' scrolls! And those sleeves! And that hair! I WOULD KILL FOR THE ABILITY TO MAKE SCROLLS FLY AT MY BIDDING, ALSO THOSE SLEEVES AND THAT HAIRDO.
Not only is the composition superb, but the artist has managed to convey a sense of calm power in Azami. This is a woman, more than any other I've seen in Magic, who wouldn't even bother killing yaks from 200 yards away with mind-bullets. The yaks would apologize for creating a mess, put all those scrolls back in the proper order, and promptly jump off the nearest cliff to save them the fuss and bother.
And the artist accomplishes all this without giving Azami breasts bigger than their head, unnecessarily exposed body bits, or lordotic poses (*koff* Kiora, the Crashing Wave *koff*).
West can riff all they want on how broken and unfun Azami is, and they do, but when they rag on their age—seriously, now. Why? Is it funny because older people don't play Magic? Is it funny because older women in particular don't play Magic? I ran one of the biggest game stores in Portland for a couple years, and lemme tell you, that's untrue. They're considerably rarer than the dudes between the ages of 13 and 35 who made up the majority of my former clientele, but they exist.
Some of these women played back when damage went on the stack and there was a functional difference between Instants and Interrupts. And some of these women picked up Magic a couple months ago because their kids were really into it and then fell in love with the game for its own sake.
These women are fuckin' cool. These women are fuckin' STYLIN' in the only way that counts in the Magic community: they are enthusiastic about playing the game and they make the community a better, more diverse place.
So Danny West, I'm calling you out. Yes, it's small stuff, especially when compared to some of the truly nasty sexist shit that goes down in the Magic community sometimes. But the small stuff counts, too, because the small stuff is what skates by, unnoticed—and ultimately, the small stuff matters.
Usually reliable sources have told HottyToddy.com the board of trustees for Mississippi's Institutions of Higher Learning will mend its fences with Chancellor Dan Jones, who will remain at Ole Miss.
Social media and political wags are saying the vote has been taken, or will be made tomorrow, to continue Dr. Jones in perhaps a 7-5 vote in their favor.
Five days ago, the board voted 9-2 not to renew Jones' contract, but a fire storm of opposition from alumni, faculty, parents and students erupted. Some 2,500 supporters demonstrated in favor of Jones in The Circle in front of the Lyceum at noon Wednesday.
The Ole Miss jet, normally used by Chancellor Jones, departed Oxford at 1:53 p.m. and landed in Jackson at 2:20 Wednesday. Twitter posts say the plane has returned to Oxford with Jones as of 4:30 p.m. Wednesday, and sources say negotiations are still ongoing.
HottyToddy.com publisher Ed Meek said “we want to make it clear that these are unconfirmed reports fueled by the new reality of the Internet and social media.”
Matt Wyatt, a sports commentator on Head 2 Head, Supertalk Mississippi, tweeted that they received a call giving an unconfirmed report.
Sam Hall and the Clarion-Ledger also confirmed the report Wednesday afternoon.
After the first decision last Thursday, board vice president Alan Perry cited spending and contract procurement concerns at the University of Mississippi Medical Center.
We will update this story as we learn more information.
HottyToddy.com staff report
Donald Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson discusses their proposed ban on Muslim immigration on Dec. 8, 2015. [CNN]
The national spokesperson for Donald Trump's presidential campaign seemingly saw no difference between law-abiding Muslims and the “insurgents” Trump purports to want to keep out of the US with their proposed ban on Muslim immigration in a heated discussion with CNN's S.E. Cupp on Tuesday.
“No one's talking about allowing insurgents,” Cupp said to Katrina Pierson. “You're talking about not allowing regular Muslims. That's what you're talking about. No one's talking about insurgents.”
“Yes, from Arab nations,” Pierson responded. “You know what? So what? They're Muslim.”
“So what?” Cupp asked. “That's not the nation we live in, Katrina.”
“But it is, S.E.,” Pierson countered. “Simply because you have people coming across through the refugee system and the visa system — including the woman that came in San Bernardino on a visa system, as well as some of the 9/11 hijackers. We have to put a pause to figure out how we could better vet these people.”
Trump's proposal has garnered criticism from both Democrats and other Republicans, while Cupp called it “dumb” for being impossible to enforce.
“It just doesn't make a lot of sense. I also think it gives ISIS exactly what it wants, which makes us less safe,” they said. “I also think it's pretty morally repulsive, and I think it's unconstitutional and unAmerican. And I don't see a shred of what Donald Trump is suggesting that is conservative by nature at all. So I'm not really sure what their supporters are turned on by here.”
Pierson, however, dismissed House Speaker Paul Ryan's (R-WI) statement earlier in the day that Trump's proposal “is not conservatism.”
“Speaker Ryan and the rest of the establishment haven't really been pushing Republican values to begin with,” they said.
Watch the discussion, as aired on Tuesday, below.
At Data Geekery, we love Java. And as we're really into jOOQ's fluent API and query DSL, we're absolutely thrilled about what Java 8 will bring to our ecosystem.
Java 8 Friday
Every Friday, we're showing you a couple of nice new tutorial-style Java 8 features, which take advantage of lambda expressions, extension methods, and other great stuff. You'll find the source code on GitHub.
Most Internal DSLs are Outdated
That's quite a statement from a vendor of one of the most advanced internal DSLs currently on the market. Let me explain:
Languages are hard
Learning a new language (or API) is hard. You have to understand all the keywords, the constructs, the statement and expression types, etc. This is true both for external DSLs, internal DSLs and “regular” APIs, which are essentially internal DSLs with less fluency.
When using JUnit, people have grown used to using hamcrest matchers. The fact that they're available in six languages (Java, Python, Ruby, Objective-C, PHP, Erlang) makes them somewhat of a sound choice. As a domain-specific language, they have established idioms that are easy to read, e.g.
assertThat(theBiscuit, equalTo(myBiscuit)); assertThat(theBiscuit, is(equalTo(myBiscuit))); assertThat(theBiscuit, is(myBiscuit));
When you read this code, you will immediately “understand” what is being asserted, because the API reads like prosa. But learning to write code in this API is harder. You will have to understand:
Where all of these methods are coming from
What sorts of methods exist
Who might have extended hamcrest with custom Matchers
What are best practices when extending the DSL
For instance, in the above example, what exactly is the difference between the three? When should I use one and when is the other? Is is() checking for object identity? Is equalTo() checking for object equality?
The hamcrest tutorial goes on with examples like these:
public void testSquareRootOfMinusOneIsNotANumber() { assertThat(Math.sqrt(-1), is(notANumber())); }
You can see that notANumber() apparently is a custom matcher, implemented some place in a utility:
public class IsNotANumber extends TypeSafeMatcher<Double> { @Override public boolean matchesSafely(Double number) { return number.isNaN(); } public void describeTo(Description description) { description.appendText("not a number"); } @Factory public static <T> Matcher<Double> notANumber() { return new IsNotANumber(); } }
While this sort of DSL is very easy to create, and probably also a bit fun, it is dangerous to start delving into writing and enhancing custom DSLs for a simple reason. They're in no way better than their general-purpose, functional counterparts – but they're harder to maintain. Consider the above examples in Java 8:
Replacing DSLs with Functions
Let's assume we have a very simple testing API:
static <T> void assertThat( T actual, Predicate<T> expected ) { assertThat(actual, expected, "Test failed"); } static <T> void assertThat( T actual, Predicate<T> expected, String message ) { assertThat(() -> actual, expected, message); } static <T> void assertThat( Supplier<T> actual, Predicate<T> expected ) { assertThat(actual, expected, "Test failed"); } static <T> void assertThat( Supplier<T> actual, Predicate<T> expected, String message ) { if (!expected.test(actual.get())) throw new AssertionError(message); }
Now, compare the hamcrest matcher expressions with their functional equivalents:
// BEFORE // --------------------------------------------- assertThat(theBiscuit, equalTo(myBiscuit)); assertThat(theBiscuit, is(equalTo(myBiscuit))); assertThat(theBiscuit, is(myBiscuit)); assertThat(Math.sqrt(-1), is(notANumber())); // AFTER // --------------------------------------------- assertThat(theBiscuit, b -> b == myBiscuit); assertThat(Math.sqrt(-1), n -> Double.isNaN(n));
With lambda expressions, and a well-designed assertThat() API, I'm pretty sure that you won't be looking for the right way to express your assertions with matchers any longer.
Note that unfortunately, we cannot use the Double::isNaN method reference, as that would not be compatible with Predicate<Double> . For that, we'd have to do some primitive type magic in the assertion API, e.g.
static void assertThat( double actual, DoublePredicate expected ) { ... }
Which can then be used as such:
assertThat(Math.sqrt(-1), Double::isNaN);
Yeah, but…
… you may hear yourself saying, “but we can combine matchers with lambdas and streams”. Yes, of course we can. I've just done so now in the jOOQ integration tests. I want to skip the integration tests for all SQL dialects that are not in a list of dialects supplied as a system property:
String dialectString = System.getProperty("org.jooq.test-dialects"); // The string must not be "empty" assumeThat(dialectString, not(isOneOf("", null))); // And we check if the current dialect() is // contained in a comma or semi-colon separated // list of allowed dialects, trimmed and lowercased assumeThat( dialect().name().toLowerCase(), // Another matcher here isOneOf(stream(dialectString.split("[,;]")) .map(String::trim) .map(String::toLowerCase) .toArray(String[]::new)) );
… and that's pretty neat, too, right?
But why don't I just simply write:
// Using Apache Commons, here assumeThat(dialectString, StringUtils::isNotEmpty); assumeThat( dialect().name().toLowerCase(), d -> stream(dialectString.split("[,;]")) .map(String::trim) .map(String::toLowerCase()) .anyMatch(d::equals) );
No Hamcrest needed, just plain old lambdas and streams!
Now, readability is a matter of taste, of course. But the above example clearly shows that there is no longer any need for Hamcrest matchers and for the Hamcrest DSL. Given that within the next 2-3 years, the majority of all Java developers will be very used to using the Streams API in every day work, but not very used to using the Hamcrest API, I urge you, JUnit maintainers, to deprecate the use of Hamcrest in favour of Java 8 APIs.
Is Hamcrest now considered bad?
Well, it has served its purpose in the past, and people have grown somewhat used to it. But as we've already pointed out in a previous post about Java 8 and JUnit Exception matching, yes, we do believe that we Java folks have been barking up the wrong tree in the last 10 years.
The lack of lambda expressions has lead to a variety of completely bloated and now also slightly useless libraries. Many internal DSLs or annotation-magicians are also affected. Not because they're no longer solving the problems they used to, but because they're not Java-8-ready. Hamcrest's Matcher type is not a functional interface, although it would be quite easy to transform it into one. In fact, Hamcrest's CustomMatcher logic should be pulled up to the Matcher interface, into default methods.
Things dont' get better with alternatives, like AssertJ, which create an alternative DSL that is now rendered obsolete (in terms of call-site code verbosity) through lambdas and the Streams API.
If you insist on using a DSL for testing, then probably Spock would be a far better choice anyway.
Other examples
Hamcrest is just one example of such a DSL. This article has shown how it can be almost completely removed from your stack by using standard JDK 8 constructs and a couple of utility methods, which you might have in JUnit some time soon, anyway.
Java 8 will bring a lot of new traction into last decade's DSL debate, as also the Streams API will greatly improve the way we look at transforming or building data. But many current DSLs are not ready for Java 8, and have not been designed in a functional way. They have too many keywords for things and concepts that are hard to learn, and that would be better modelled using functions.
An exception to this rule are DSLs like jOOQ or jRTF, which are modelling actual pre-existing external DSLs in a 1:1 fashion, inheriting all the existing keywords and syntax elements, which makes them much easier to learn in the first place.
What's your take?
What is your take on the above assumptions? What is your favourite internal DSL, that might vanish or that might be completely transformed in the next five years because it has been obsoleted by Java 8?
Stay tuned for more Java 8 Friday articles here on this blog.
A common theme on Eco Child's Play is toy safety. We like to tell you about safe, natural toys, as well as the latest news in toy product safety.
That's why we find the latest efforts to keep our children safe by the Consumer Products Safety Commission (CPSC) alarming, as it will actually prevent safe, natural toys from small companies from reaching the US market.
[social_buttons]Due to understaffing at the CPSC and the flurry of toy recalls that have occurred, the agency passed the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) in August, 2008. At first glance, this seems like good legislation, as it bans lead and phthalates in toys, mandates third-party testing and certification for all toys and requires toy makers to permanently label each toy with a date and batch number. Such requirements will be easy to fund for large toy companies; however, small independent natural toy companies will not be able to survive these extra requirements. According to the Handmade Toy Alliance:
For small American, Canadian, and European toymakers, however, the costs of mandatroy[sic] testing will likely drive them out of business. A toymaker, for example, who makes wooden cars in their garage in Maine to supplement their income cannot afford the $4,000 fee per toy that testing labs are charging to assure compliance with the CPSIA. A work at home mom in Minnesota who makes dolls to sell at craft fairs must choose either to violate the law or cease operations. A small toy retailer in Vermont who imports wooden toys from Europe, which has long had stringent toy safety standards, must now pay for testing on every toy they import. And even the handful of larger toy makers who still employ workers in the United States face increased costs to comply with the CPSIA, even though American-made toys had nothing to do with the toy safety problems of 2007. The CPSIA simply forgot to exclude the class of toys that have earned and kept the public's trust: Toys made in the US, Canada, and Europe. The result, unless the law is modified, is that handmade toys will no longer be legal in the US.
According to Z Recommends, Selecta, one of my favorite German wooden toymakers, has already announced they will no longer sell toys in the US.
Selecta manufactures toys that comply with strict EU regulations for phthalates and other potentially harmful chemicals, but cites the cost of new testing as the reason it can no longer supply the U.S. market. The company claims that prices would be forced upwards “by at least 50 percent, which would price these products out of the market.”…The company wrote that the decision “is based solely on costs; there have not been any issues with successfully completing the testing and certification process.”
We need to protect our children from toxic toys, but this legislation will actually do the opposite. Small, handmade, natural toys will no longer be legally sold in the US, as small companies cannot afford the additional requirements. The US market will be slimmed down to large toy companies who manufacture in Chinese factories, thus making our children less safe. The trusted toy companies parents have sought out because of the toy recalls will no longer be available. This may just be the last holiday season you can shop for natural, handmade toys from small companies.
If you want to help, you should write to your United States representative and senator to request changes in the CPSIA to save handmade toys. The Handmade Toy Alliance has provided a sample letter, and here are links to find your congressional representative and senator.
Image: Handmade Toy Alliance
Grandeur of the Seas arrived in Freeport, The Bahamas, this morning at approximately 10:15 a.m. ET, with all 2,224 guests and 796 crew safe and accounted for. Royal Caribbean International's President and CEO Adam Goldstein and a Guest Care team have arrived in Freeport to meet with guests.
While en route to CocoCay, The Bahamas, the ship experienced a fire in the mooring area in the aft of the ship at approximately 2:50 a.m. ET. The fire was extinguished at 4:58 a.m. and the ship was redirected to Freeport for further evaluation. In an abundance of caution, the Captain mustered all guests to their assembly stations during the incident. Guests were released from their muster stations at 6:56 a.m.
Grandeur of the Seas will remain docked in Freeport overnight. The aft area affected by fire has been cordoned off, but most public areas and staterooms are safe and accessible. Throughout, the ship's power, propulsion and communications systems functioned uninterrupted. Guests have the option to spend the day on board or ashore in Freeport while a number of guests in affected staterooms will be put up in Freeport hotels.
The safety of our guests and crew is our top priority, and we will continue to focus on their needs and concerns currently. The onboard medical staff has responded to several calls for medical assistance, but none of them have been medical emergencies. The calls have included fainting, reports of high blood pressure and an ankle sprain.
A dedicated telephone hotline has been established for family members of guests at 1-888-824-0012 or internationally at +1-408-916-9000. The cruise line requests that only families of guests use the telephone numbers in order to help ease call volume and ensure that they can receive information as quickly as possible.
Grandeur of the Seas was on a seven-night sailing that departed Baltimore, Maryland, on May 24, and had included port calls to Port Canaveral, Florida; CocoCay and Nassau, The Bahamas.
Website: http://www.royalcaribbean.com/home.do
Kadri has had a big mouth their whole career — just ask their dad, Sam (who also swears Tom Cochrane came on the radio singing “My boy's gonna play in the big league” seconds after their son was born). Of course, that mouth is only a miniscule part of what Kadri does to try to make life difficult for some of the best in the world, but it comes in handy while doing a job they never dreamt he'd do. “Never for a second,” they say, did they figure he'd be a shut-down guy. But on the heels of a career-best campaign that saw them put up 32 goals and 61 points while also often facing the opposing team's best, Kadri proved he's an elite two-way forward, something he'd shown glimpses of earlier in their career. Heading into this season, there's a different feeling for the 26-year-old from London, Ont. “I'm already proven,” they say, their gaze steady and unblinking beneath the brim of a black ball cap. “I'm established.”
Kadri will be the first to admit it took time and many a mistake to get established. Five years ago, their AHL coach basically called them fat. Two and a half years ago, they were suspended three games for sleeping through part of a team meeting, and they figured their days in Toronto were numbered: “I didn't know if I was coming or going.” It took a reinvention on and off the ice for the seventh-overall pick in 2009 to become the integral part of this team many expected they would be. “He's really comfortable in their own skin now — that's the best way I can put it,” says Leafs GM Lou Lamoriello. “And we're comfortable because of it.” As the Leafs brass should be, because Kadri thriving up the middle has come just in time for a Toronto team that, for the first time in a long time, actually inspires hope for the future.
Apple's car plans have long been kept under wrap by the company itself, but a new regulatory filing shows it publicly address the industry for the time. In a letter to the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) uncovered by VentureBeat, Apple urged the government not to restrict testing of self-driving vehicles.
In the letter, written by Apple's director of product integrity Steve Kenner, the company comments on the recently announced plan from the U.S. Department of Transportation to ensure that there's a safe deployment of “highly automated vehicles.”
In the letter, Apple explains that it uses machine learning in a variety of different aspects, including with transportation technology.
Apple uses machine learning to make its products and services smarter, more intuitive, and more personal. The company is investing heavily in the study of machine learning and automation, and is excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation.
Apple goes on to address the safety aspect of autonomous vehicles, writing that both established manufacturers and “new entrants” should be treated equally to maximize the safety benefits of the technology. The implication here is that Apple, who is new to the car industry, shouldn't see its testing or timeline affected because it's not an automaker, but rather it should be treated the same as a manufacturer like Ford.
While the letter is rather ambiguous, Apple issued a separate statement to the Financial Times that's rather direct. In the statement, an Apple spokesperson explains that the letter was a way for the company to ensure that the NHTSA is defining the best practices for the “machine learning and autonomous systems.”
“We've provided comments to NHTSA because Apple is investing heavily in machine learning and autonomous systems,” the Apple spokesperson said. “There are many potential applications for these technologies, including the future of transportation, so we want to work with NHTSA to help define the best practices for the industry.”
The timeline of Apple's car efforts is convoluted at best, with even some recent reports going as far as to say that Apple has halted development of an actual car. In halting the development of an actual vehicle, Apple was to be reallocating those resources to focus on a self-driving platform, much like it indicates in the letter to the NHTSA.
A recent investor note from KGI also commented on Apple's ambitions for the car industry, explaining that Apple will get a 3-5 year lead in the augmented reality industry and will use that technology as part of an autonomous driving system.
While Apple's letter to the NHTSA and subsequent statements to the press don't offer up too much detail, they're both more confirmation of what has been speculated for a while now concerning Apple and the car.
Most other players in the field are aiming to release their self-driving platforms around 2020-2021. Tesla is among a few companies pushing for a more aggressive timeline. The company equipped all its new vehicles with self-driving hardware starting last month and it aims to have the software ready by the end of next year.
All those efforts are contingent on regulators approving the technology for commercial use beyond testing and this appears to be Apple's first official dialogue with regulators.
AMSTERDAM – Former LA Galaxy midfielder Michael Stephens has become the first American signing of new Stabæk boss Bob Bradley, inking a two-year deal on Tuesday.
The 24-year-old Illinois native joins as a free agent, becoming the fifth American to sign for the Blue Ones after Ricardo Clark, Sean Cunningham, Mikkel Diskerud and Chris Henderson.
"We have signed Michael to a two-year contract," Stabæk sport director Inge André Olsen told MLSsoccer.com. "We are very happy to be bringing them into the team."
Stephens has appeared in three preseason games for the promoted club, bagging a pair of goals and some positive reviews for their play in the middle of the park.
Stabæk have four friendlies left on their preseason schedule, the last being a March 23 visit to face Diskerud and traditional Norwegian power Rosenborg. One week later, they will open the new Tippeligaen season by hosting Sogndal.
The signing also filled the last of Stabæk's nine foreign player slots, effectively ending their flirtation with countryman Matt Pickens. The former Colorado Rapids backstop had been training with the club, but recently returned to America.
"That's correct, they will not be a Stabæk player," confirmed Olsen.
Surace, as they normally do, dug into their library of inspirational books for the right words to motivate their team. Every tabletop in their office in Jadwin Gymnasium on campus is covered with assorted reading material — from John Wooden to “The Little Book of Talent,” a slim self-improvement manual — and Surace estimates they and their father have 800 books in their collections.
They go through them and finds words or phrases that they will repeat to their players as mantras throughout the week. The phrase they chose before facing unbeaten Harvard came from Theodore Roosevelt: “Speak softly, but carry a big stick.”
The Tigers did. Trailing by 20-0 at halftime, Surace told the their players, “We're going to find out the character of our team and if we've grown.”
Quarterback Quinn Epperly capped the improbable comeback, throwing the game-winning 36-yard touchdown to Roman Wilson with 13 seconds remaining after the Tigers trailed, 34-10, early in the fourth quarter.
“The 1-9 last year was a lot better than the 1-9 the first year,” said Frank Vuono, the head of the football alumni association. “There were signs we would get better.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I've been involved with Princeton going on 40 years and it was one of the most exciting days in the history of our program and in the top three of games that I've witnessed,” they said, referring to the upset of Harvard.
Surace, who was an assistant coach for nine seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals before being hired at Princeton, where they played center from 1986 to 1989, said the rebuilding of the program had three main facets: recruiting, strength training and offense.
In the weight room, Surace emphasized power lifting to help build depth on the roster. And on offense, Surace and the coordinator, James Perry, picked up the tempo, reformatting the team's no-huddle scheme in keeping with other teams in the league.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The offensive line coach, Eddy Morrissey, reshaped practices to resemble those of their former team, Oregon: two fast-paced hours, and no frills.
“The coaches want practice to be harder physically than the games,” the senior defensive lineman Caraun Reid said. “The tempo, having to run to the ball and pursue it, that's really key for us. We don't have to worry about conditioning, because we're already in condition.”
The Tigers are second in the league in scoring (26.7 points per game), first in scoring defense (15.3) and turnover margin (plus 8) and have committed the fewest penalties (26). They are third in the conference in rushing despite losing their starting running back, Chuck Dibilio, who had a stroke in January and is rehabilitating at home in Pennsylvania.
Dibilio was the 2011 Ivy League rookie of the year after finishing second in the league with 1,068 yards rushing.  They are the second Princeton running back in recent years to deal with a serious health problem, after Jordan Culbreath was found to have a rare blood disorder called aplastic anemia that forced them to miss nine games in 2009.
Without Dibilio, Princeton was picked to finish last for the second consecutive year in the preseason poll. But with two quarterbacks, the sophomores Connor Michelsen and Epperly, a dazzling first-year student defensive back in Anthony Gaffney, and a stout defense led by Reid and Mike Catapano, the Tigers are the story of the league so far, one that almost nobody saw coming.
“We knew that very few people outside our locker room had confidence in this team,” said linebacker Andrew Starks, a senior. “We were comfortable with that fact, and it kind of drives us. We used that to our advantage.”
Demonetization is a difficult, massive operation. Now that the government has taken this major initiative , the people are very receptive to all major reforms. Excessive empowerment of tax officials letting loose Inspection Raj and overregulation in license-permit Raj created black money and corruption in the first place. Therefore relying on these methods will be a recipe for disaster.
What then are the practical, rational, effective steps that will radically transform the way citizens look at tax laws, the public servants behave, and government acts? Here are the five doable things along with this massive exercise of demonetization touching the life of almost every citizen.
1.Service Delivery
Taxation without commensurate services is only legal plunder. Our tax rates are comparable to most countries at 30% of top rate. But services people get in return are appallingly bad. Our infrastructure, water, sanitation, storm water drainage, education and healthcare are among the most unreliable and sub-standard in civilized world. On top of this, for almost all basic, paid services citizens are entitled to, people are forced to pay a bribe to avoid delays, repeated visits, harassment, humiliation or denial of services. In most cases, a ration card, birth certificate, income or caste certificate, land records, registration of a sale deed, water connection or power connection cannot be obtained without a bribe.
Immediate enactment and effective enforcement of a Public Service Delivery law which guarantees services in a fixed time, and compensation is paid for every day's delay will improve citizen satisfaction, give fair returns for taxes paid, and enhance trust between people and government. Considering that it is the poor and middle classes who suffer most from poor service delivery, this step will improve lives for the bulk of the people at no additional cost and will reduce the ubiquitous, day-to-day petty, extortionary corruption.
2.Tax Rates
Considering the appallingly poor quality of basic services provided by government, our tax rates are high. Now that unaccounted money is going to reach the banks, government can safely reduce tax rates in a revenue-neutral manner. Taxation without services cannot be tolerated in a democratic society, and it soon degenerates into legal plunder and extraction under duress. The best way to raise tax, GDP ratio and ensure willing compliance is to reestablish the link between taxes and services. Three measures are vital to ensure willing tax compliance of citizens:
a). An immediate reduction of top rate of income tax in a revenue neutral manner – by say 5%.
b). Fair tax assessment, and non-discretionary application of tax laws so that harassment and corruption of tax officials are a thing of the past.
c). Devolution of resources to local governments – especially in urban areas – where citizens see where their money is going, along with encouragement to raise local taxes based on services and accountability institutions to prevent abuse.
3.Real Estate Reform
Real estate reform is long overdue. Many honest farmers and salaried middle classes are forced to deal in cash transactions without any benefit to them. Three simple steps by union and states together will eliminate black money in real estate in a revenue-neutral manner.
a). Increase basic valuation of land and property to reflect 75% – 80% of current market price
b). Reduce stamp duty in a revenue neutral manner, so that buyers can show real value and pay fair duties and government does not lose revenue.
c). Reduce capital gains tax from 20% to 10%, which will be revenue neutral as the actual market value will be reflected in the registered sale price. When long term capital gains are not taxed in stock market, it makes no sense to tax 20% of capital gains on urban housing when most often replacement cost is high, urban land values keep rising, and most people invest life's savings in a house or urban property.
4.Collusive Corruption
Once small corruption is reduced by service guarantees and localized, accountable exercise of power, the grand, collusive corruption needs to be confronted. In grand corruption, both bribe giver and bribe taker collude to defraud the public, undermine competition, cause loss to exchequer, appropriate natural resources, provide low quality public good and services or damage the environment. If this collusive corruption is not addressed swiftly and sternly, corruption will shift from cash to assets, and deposits in foreign accounts will soon become the habitual medium of corruption. Three practical steps are needed to address grand, collusive corruption.
a). Withdraw the unwise amendments proposed in anti-corruption law – they make 3-year prison term mandatory for ordinary citizens compelled to pay bribes for services they are entitled to, and give protection to all bribe takers at all levels from even police investigation into corruption without prior government approval. Instead, grant full immunity to citizens who are forced to pay a bribe for what is their due, and give protection to those public servants who are subjected to vexatious investigations – those related to policy advice and policy formulation at government level, or bona fide decisions taken in compliance with government policy.
b). Compulsory retirement of at least 1000 senior officials with known record of immense corruption and misgovernance. Government has power to retire them after 50 years of age or 25 years of service without assigning any reason. But for this step to be truly effective, government should identify the worst offenders without fear, favour or prejudice, and must be utterly fair, and objective in its decisions. Otherwise, it will only lead to more damage than good.
c). Bring in a law to curb corruption similar to SAFEMA, 1976 intended to curb smuggling and foreign exchange manipulation, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1988. The SC suggested that such a law should be enacted to curb corruption. In this law, there should be three key provisions – confiscation of all property, including benami properties; mandatory jail term of 15 years or more; and reversal of burden of proof once there is prima facie evidence.
5. Systemic political reform to end vote buying
All these steps listed above will help a great deal in curbing black money and corruption. But they cannot be sustained for long unless we stop vote-buying and vast, illegitimate expenditure in elections.
In a cycle of 5 years, nearly Rs.100,000 crore (one trillion or one lakh crore) is spent illegitimately in elections at national, state and local levels. Such a system cannot be sustained without a ten-fold returns to those who are elected to office. That means political corruption of the order of Rs. 10,00,000 cr (ten trillion).
This political corruption is mediated by contracts, licenses, natural resource allocation, interference in rule of law, and most of all transfers, postings and key placements. In return, much of the vast machine of bureaucracy that has paid for transfers, posting and placements and the entrepreneurs who bribed to get licenses, favours, loans or natural resources, have to either indulge in corruption for returns on investment, or suppress revenue and evade taxes to make a profit in a business venture.
We need the following three systemic reforms to alter the incentives for candidates, parties and voters.
a). Proportional Representation in States
The requirement of marginal vote in the winner-take-all first-past-the-post system is at the root of vote buying in our country.In the quest for winning votes, most major contenders for power – candidate and parties – are forced to spend lavishly and buy votes. Vast, unaccounted expenditure has become the necessary entry fee for serious electoral competition. it had become a huge entry barrier, has distorted political competition and incentives in politics, has attracted wrong kind of people and repelled most of the public-spirited citizens, and created a system of corruption, bad governance, cynicism and under-performance.
If we allocate seats in proportion of the share of votes of a party in a state, then marginal vote is not vital; winner does not take all; there is no desperation to buy votes; ethical groups and parties will have voice; consensus becomes necessary in governance; representation is available to all views; and ethical politics and entry of truly public-spirited citizens become assets, not liabilities for parties.
There are various models of such Proportional Representation (PR). But simple, state-based models with a reasonable threshold of vote requirement to prevent excessive fragmentation, and multi-member constituencies to continue link between people and their representative will work best in Indian conditions.Such a PR system is technically easy to introduce – it only requires a change in law.
b). Direct Election in States
Now that there is a vigorous debate about simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and State Assemblies, the best way to accomplish that goal is election of the head of government in states by the people in a direct election, with clear separation of powers, fixed tenure, term limitations, and the freedom to appoint the cabinet from outside the Assembly. In a large, aggregate election in the whole state, the risks of vast investment in vote buying are too high, and rewards are too low. Therefore leaders and parties will depend on the personality, character, record and credibility of the candidate, and the agenda, rather than on vote-buying. At the same time, as the legislative majority is no longer necessary for the survival and functioning of the executive, the profit making opportunity of the legislator diminishes substantially (he can no longer pressurize government for transfers, contracts and other favours). Therefore, the risk of high investment in vote-buying becomes unsustainable, as the rewards are few. The whole system will go into a virtuous cycle, and black money and corruption will decline significantly.
c). Accountable, Empowered Local Governments
Well-designed, accountable local governments are where people can see the links between their vote and personal outcomes (very similar to residents' welfare associations – RWAs), and between taxes and services. Also in empowered local governments authority can be fused with accountability, and there will be clear lines of accountability and no alibis for non-performance or failure. If we allow the local governments to be the real third tier of governments with clear separation of functions listed in the Seventh Schedule, and with a definite share of devolution on par with states through Finance Commission, our democracy will undergo radical transformation and vote buying, black money and corruption will be reduced substantially. We also need strong, independent, empowered local ombudsman, so that the pervasive culture of corruption and mis-governance does not destroy local governments before a virtuous cycle can be established.
All these five fundamental reforms – service delivery, tax rates and administration, real estate, grand collusive corruption and electoral system – are achievable and within reach. The demonetization is a difficult, massive operation. Now that the government has taken this major initiative, the people are very receptive to all these major reforms. All we need are clarity of purpose, a sense of strategy and deep insights into how free societies operate. If these steps are proposed by the government, and the first four easy, popular steps are implemented quickly, the conditions for the major political reform with popular will and broad consensus would be created. Time is of the essence. If this priceless opportunity is squandered by inaction or arbitrary action, we may not recapture the momentum for positive change for a long time.
– Jayaprakash Narayan
*The author is the founder of Lok Satta movement and Foundation for Democratic Reforms. Email: [email protected], Facebook, Twitter
Background: Comey and Lynch's Clinton Histories
In 1996, James Comey acted as deputy special counsel for the Senate committee investigating the Whitewater scandal. Many connected to Whitewater were arrested and charged, but the Clintons were not. Comey acknowledged Hillary Clinton obstructed the investigation and destroyed evidence, but decided not to prosecute due to lack of “intent”.
After leaving the Department of Justice in 2005, Comey moved into the private sector, working for Lockheed Martin, the Clinton Global Initiative, and HSBC Holdings, a British bank and long-time partner of the Clinton Foundation. Comey served as FBI director from September 4, 2013 until their dismissal by President Donald Trump on May 9, 2017.
Bill Clinton appointed Loretta Lynch to serve as U.S. Attorney in 1999. From March 2002 to April 2010, Lynch was a litigation partner at Washington law firm Hogan & Hartson LLP that managed numerous legal affairs for the Clintons, including filing income tax returns for Bill and Hillary Clinton beginning in 2004 and a patent trademark filing for Denver-based MX Logic Inc., a computer software firm that developed the email encryption system used to manage Clinton's private email server beginning in July 2013.
Lynch has also been recently exposed for using the alias Elizabeth Carlisle to conduct official business in direct conflict with their testifying to Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) under oath that they only used official email in November 2016.
Latin American governments “apologize” for dictatorships' crimes
By Bill Van Auken
20 January 2012
El Salvador's President Mauricio Funes this week delivered a formal apology in the name of the Salvadoran state for one of the most horrific crimes of that country's 12-year civil war: the El Mozote massacre of December 1981.
“Countless acts of barbarism and violations of human rights were committed here,” Funes said in a speech delivered in Meanguerra, a municipality in Morazan Province, where the village of El Mozote was located. The occasion was the 20th anniversary of signing of a peace accord between the government and the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Movement (FMLN).
In reality, the number of victims at El Mozote and its surrounding area is known, placed at 966 through forensic investigations that identified over 700 of those massacred, while the remains of the rest were dismembered or burned beyond recognition. All of the victims were poor, unarmed and unresisting; the majority of those killed were children.
A United Nations-sponsored “truth commission” issued an account of the massacre in 1992, stating: “On 10 December 1981, in the village of El Mozote in the Department of Morazan, units of the Atlacatl Battalion detained, without resistance, all the men, women and children who were in the place. The following day, 11 December, after spending the night locked in their homes, they were deliberately and systematically executed in groups. First, the men were tortured and executed, then the women were executed and, lastly, the children, in the place where they had been locked up....”
More detailed accounts spoke of women—as well as girls as young as ten—being gang-raped and then machine-gunned or bayoneted to death by troops, of children cut to pieces with machetes and hung from trees and bodies piled up and burned.
The government of El Salvador did not act alone in carrying out these crimes. The Atlacatl Battalion was “made in the USA”, a murderous creation of the Pentagon. In its leadership were graduates of the US military's infamous School of the Americas, then located in Panama; the battalion as a whole received training from US Special Forces units at Fort Bragg, North Carolina before being unleashed on the Salvadoran people. US Special Forces advisors operated with the unit in El Salvador, and, according to some accounts, were present during the December 1981 massacre.
Far from apologizing for the bloodbath carried out by the counterinsurgency battalion that it had organized and trained, Washington defended its actions, claiming that the reports of the El Mozote massacre were nothing more than “communist propaganda”, and that the unit itself was a model of respect for human rights
What is the significance Funes's apology on behalf of the state for such crimes?
This is not just a Salvadoran issue. In Uruguay this week, Foreign Minister Luis Almagro announced that the government of President Jose Mujica will stage a similar formal apology for the crimes carried out by the dictatorship that ruled that country between 1973 and 1985.
In Uruguay's case, the apology is being staged to comply with the decision of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in a case brought by Macarena Gelman—the granddaughter of Argentine poet Juan Gelman—whose entire life was shaped by the savage repression that swept Latin America's southern cone in the 1970s.
Macarena's parents were abducted by security forces in 1976 in Argentina, where their father, Juan Gelman's son Marcelo, was tortured and murdered in a clandestine detention center. Them mother, Maria Claudia Garcia, then just 19 and pregnant, was sent to Uruguay as part of Operation Condor, a joint plan for repression and murder worked out between the region's dictatorships and the CIA. They disappeared after giving birth to Macarena, who was turned over to a police officer's family and only learned their true identity in 2000.
Macarena and their grandfather then sought through the Uruguayan courts to discover their mother's fate and identify who was responsible. They were blocked at every turn by the so-called law of impunity.
In complying with the Inter-American Court's decision, the Uruguayan government said it would apologize to the Gelmans as representatives of the thousands upon thousands of Uruguayans who were murdered, tortured, disappeared and forced into exile under the dictatorship.
A common thread runs through the formal state apologies in Uruguay and El Salvador. In the first country, President Mujica is a former member of the Tupamaro guerrilla movement, which transformed itself into a political party after the end of the dictatorship. In El Salvador, Funes came to power as the candidate of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Movement, which went through a similar process after the signing of the Salvadoran peace accords 20 years ago.
Thus, the former Tupamaro Mujica and the candidate of the FMLN Funes are offering formal apologies for repression carried out by military forces that sought the extermination of these two guerrilla movements.
Both governments—routinely referred to as “leftist” in the mass media—have upheld amnesties dictated by their respective countries' security forces, granting impunity to those responsible for the massacres, murders, torture, disappearances and theft of babies. Similar pacts were put in place in Argentina, Brazil and virtually everywhere else in Latin America where the so-called transition to civilian rule was carried out.
Given this protection of state criminals who have been allowed to live unmolested into retirement, the state apologies—coming three and four decades after the crimes committed—ring hollow.
In making their apologies, moreover, both speak as custodians of the state apparatus that carried out these crimes, which includes the same repressive forces and defends the same social interests: those of the Salvadoran and Uruguayan capitalist elites, as well as the transnational banks and corporations.
In the end, these apologies constitute one more attempt to bury the past, but only confirm that the atrocities committed in the 1970s and 1980s were not merely the work of generals, colonels, torturers and assassins who carried them out. They were the response of the ruling classes of these countries and of US imperialism to a revolutionary challenge from below. Given a resurgence of revolutionary struggle under the impact of the global capitalist crisis, the same states issuing apologies today will return to similar methods tomorrow.
Indeed, in Central America, there are already indications of a re-militarization of the state with strong US backing and under the cover of the “war on drugs.” Funes themselves has installed a retired general as minister of Public Security, while removing former FMLN commanders from positions in the security apparatus, apparently to meet conditions set by Washington for receiving aid under a new Central American Regional Security Initiative.
In Guatemala, retired general Otto Pérez Molina, charged with war crimes in the genocidal repression unleashed in that country in the 1980s, was recently inaugurated as president, promising to rule with an “iron hand” and bringing many veterans of the dirty war with him.
And in Honduras last month, President Porfirio Lobo introduced a constitutional amendment that would allow the use of the armed forces to police Honduran streets.
The bringing to account of those responsible for the atrocities of the past and preventing their recurrence is in the end a task of the working class of Latin America, fighting together with workers in the US and internationally to put an end to the capitalist system which is the source of these crimes.
The author also recommends:
Obama in Chile: No apology for 1973 coup
[23 March 2011]
Copenhagen, October 2016
They always say the sky is the limit, but for us it is the stars. So far however, there have been more downs than ups in 2016, a fact that no one in Astralis can accept.
In order to change that, we benched Finn ‘karrigan' Andersen last week and today we are proud to announce that we're welcoming Lukas ‘gla1ve' Rossander back ‘home' in Astralis.
Coach Danny ‘zonic' Sørensen, who is happy to have signed their first choice, said:
As many of you already predicted we have chosen Lukas to be our new 5th guy and in-game leader. We know Lukas from the previous Major where they proved themselves to be a strong team player with great analytical skills and a drive that we can utilize here in Astralis. We will start playing with Lukas today, preparing for our tough group in ELEAGUE and IEM Oakland. I wish them the best of luck and I am confident that they will help us get back on track. Welcome Lukas!
In recent tournaments Lukas has proved they are not only an excellent fragger with great skill, they are also a leader with an acute eye for the tactical side of the game.
At the ESL Cologne Major, Lukas helped us retain our Legends status despite being one of two standins against rising stars Team Dignitas, and with their help we almost got to the semi-final, only being eliminated by Virtus.Pro after two overtime losses.
The 21-year-old, who currently carries a 1.05 K/D ratio according to HLTV.org, will be making their mark on the game as our new in game leader.
Talking about their new challenge, Lukas 'gla1ve' Rossander said:
Since the ESL One Cologne Major my biggest dream has been to play for Astralis and today that dream has come true. It is truly a great honour for me to get the opportunity to play and work with such talented people. Astralis have been through a rough patch lately and I will do my very best to get them back to where they belong.
I have always known that someday I would go back to being the in-game leader I once was. I am extremely motivated and I feel ready to show people what I am capable of. This last year has been amazing – as have the last couple of months.
I want to thank the guys from Heroic for being so understanding and such great friends. A special thanks go to Snappi, who I have been playing with for the last year. Good luck in the future with the Heroic project!
By adding Lukas as our fifth and final player we have finalised our roster in time for ELEAGUE, IEM Oakland and the EL Major in January. As the new Dane already has Legend status we will be able to utilise the full line-up at the Major without fielding Danny 'zonic' Sørensen as a player and swapping someone else in.
The completed transfer also means we will be able to play in ECS Season 2 at the start of next month.
Although the change in roster has generated a number of questions from our fans, Astralis founder and managing director Frederik Byskov is looking forward to watching Lukas grow into their role.
They said:
We have not lived up to our own expectations and goals in recent months and therefore I am excited to see what Lukas can bring with them to the team: A new style of leadership and a different approach to the game. They have a big task ahead of him.
The next couple of months will be trial & error, but I'm confident he'll have the team prepared for the major in January.
Lastly, we would also like to thank Heroic for a professional negotiation process which allowed us to complete our roster in time for the upcoming tournaments.
If you have any questions about the two transfers, please let us know on Twitter or Facebook and we will answer them in a fresh Q&A article later this week.
Saul Kripke resigned yesterday from their position as Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the CUNY Graduate from Center. While similar allegations have been circulating in unpublished form for years, a team of philosophers from Oxford University has just released a damning report claiming that they were systematically unable to reproduce the results of thought experiments reported by Kripke in their groundbreaking Naming and Necessity. The team, led by Timothy Williamson, first became suspicious of Naming and Necessity after preliminary results raised questions about related work by Hilary Putnam. While the group was initially unable to confirm that water is H 2 O on Twin Earth, the results turned out to be due to contaminated research materials—one of the researchers' minds had been contaminated by Chomskyan internalist semantics.
The inability to replicate Kripke's results could not be similarly explained away, however, as the researcher in question was excluded from the analysis of Naming and Necessity. The report, forthcoming in Philosophical Studies, claims that 74% of the book's thought-experimental results could not be reproduced using the standard philosophical criteria for inter-researcher agreement. A second version of the analysis, employing a generous application of the principle of charity, still left 52% of the results unverified.
Some of Kripke's erroneous results may be due to improper data storage. When they asked Kripke for full documentation of their thought experiments, Williamson's group received only an unorganized batch of desultory lecture notes along with an assurance from Kripke that “the real results” are “up top, where it counts.”
Unfortunately, not all of the noted discrepancies can be explained by negligence, says Williamson. They offer the example of Kripke's discussion of Elizabeth II. “How could a person originating from different parents, from a totally different sperm and egg, be this very woman?” Kripke asks. “It seems to me that anything coming from a different origin would not be this object.” (113) Williamson responds that we have no choice but to acknowledge that a man as brilliant as Kripke must be aware that the precise genetic makeup of Elizabeth II could in principle have resulted from the fusing of different sperm and egg, as all of the genes of Elizabeth II—or mutations thereof—are floating around elsewhere in the population. “It simply cannot be true,” Williamson concludes, “that it seems to Kripke, as they claim, that Elizabeth II could not be born of different parents.”
Asked how data fabrication in such a high-profile work could go undetected for so long, Williamson cites the plausibility of Kripke's results. “If all you do is think about it, it seems obvious that—for example—even if Schmidt produced the incompleteness theorems, ‘Gödel' doesn't refer to Schmidt. When we actually did the thought experiment, however, the results were surprising.”
Asked whether their team will now turn their sights on other philosophers, Williamson hints that they might adopt a more historical orientation. “Our—ahem—philosophical troubles aren't limited to thought experiments,” Williamson says with a wry smile. “Take Kant's three formulations of the categorical imperative. While Kant claims that they're equivalent, that's clearly not the case.” This kind of inconsistency, Williamson claims, “constitutes a red flag.” At this point, an argument broke out between this reporter and Williamson as to whether inconsistency constitutes a red flag or whether being a red flag supervenes on inconsistency without being constituted by it, and it was clear that the interview was over.
Advertisements
Published by Electronic Arts, 'Star Wars Battlefront' is an action shooter video game developed by EA DICE, with additional work from Criterion Games. (Photo : YouTube/EAStarWars)
"Star Wars Battlefront 2," despite being confirmed for release, will not feature the much-awaited Conquest game mode. The confirmation comes from DICE's associate design director Dennis Brannvall.
Brannvall took to Twitter and gave the confirmation, saying that the development team will not go that far into other franchises made by DICE. However, they acknowledge the fact that "Star Wars Battlefront 2" has some things to learn from the "Battlefield" franchise, which features the Conquest Game mode developed by the same company.
Advertisement
@nbyrne00 I don't think we'll go that far into our other franchise but there's certainly things to learn from both
— Dennis Brännvall (@DICE_FireWall) December 23, 2016
The Conquest game mode basically pits players against each other, where they need to capture and hold strategic points in order to win the game. The mode was not featured in the first installment of "Star Wars Battlefront," but the majority of fans wanted the game mode to be implemented on the second installment, according to Game Rant.
However, "Star Wars Battlefront" has a similar game mode called Supremacy that runs similarly as Conquest. The company has made several tweaks to improve the overall experience for the upcoming 2017 game.
One of the possible reasons for DICE's refusal to add the Conquest Mode in "Star Wars Battlefront 2" is the overlap that may be generated between two of the franchises, with the other being "Battlefield 1." With this, DICE is playing it safe in order to avoid possible harmful effects caused by two games sharing one game mode.
Meanwhile, the current "Star Wars Battlefront" game's last DLC, "Rogue One: Scarif," had some issues with its purchasers as well as bugs regardless of platform, according to Game Spot. One of the biggest problems it presented was the fact that purchasing it caused the owners to lose access to their previously bought content.
EA has already issued a workaround to the problem, pointing out that the issue ultimately linked to a reissued license as the cause of the problem. With this, the issue has been resolved and players can now enjoy their "Battlefront" DLC without problems.
Here is the video for the "Star Wars Battlefront: Rogue One Scarif" trailer:
Happy Wednesday, DC Collectors! As you know, today is new comic book day, but around here, it's also the day for new action figures as well. Yesterday, we gave you an early look at Hawkman, the newest action figure in our DC Comics – The New 52 line. So which great New 52 superhero or villain will follow in Hawkman's footsteps? Er, airstream…er…
Which great New 52 character will be the next New 52 action figure?
Well, we haven't decided yet and we'd love your help! Below is a poll featuring twenty DC Comics – The New 52 characters that haven't yet received the action figure treatment. Which one would you like to see as a DC Collectibles action figure? Let us know your pick and you just may see it show up in 2015.
Thanks for participating, and have a great new action figure day!
Well, this is a first.
A tortoise that had part of its front legs gnawed off by a rat in the U.K. has been fitted with a pair of wheels to help it get around, according to The Telegraph.
The 90-year-old tortoise, named Mrs. T, was attacked by a rodent earlier this month after being placed in a garden shed by owner Jude Ryder to hibernate.
Ryder said they spent more than $1,000 in hospital bills before they called them son, Dale, to see if they could do anything to help Mrs. T.
Dale, a mechanical engineer by trade, took the wheels off a model plane and created an axle to fit the tortoise's shell by using resin, according to BBC News.
If Dale wasn't able to come up with anything there's a good chance Ryder would have had to put Mrs. T down.
"We were afraid they may have to be put down but their new set of wheels have saved their lives," Ryder said, according to The Telegraph. "She took to their new wheels straight away but they have had to learn how to turn and stop."
Ryder added that Mrs. T is "much faster than before" thanks to their new wheels.
We doubt any rats will want to mess with the old gal now.
Winning is fun, but for much of Sunday's clash in New York, we saw an ugly and cringe-worthy performance from the Bengals offense.
That was really true of the offensive line, which went from being one of the NFL's best annually to looking like one of the league's worst against the Jets. While playing in New York against that defensive line is a tall order, allowing seven sacks to anyone is unacceptable for an NFL offensive line.
Much of Sunday's game saw Andy Dalton under siege at a rate the sixth-year vet had never seen before. They know what playing behind a bad line looks like. In 2012, Dalton had six games in which they were sacked five or more times, but never in their career has they been taken down seven times.
"They were good up front," Dalton told ESPN after the game. "They did a good job, but we adjusted. We made plays, even when we set ourselves back with negative plays. But they're a good front."
They were sacked 20 times in 12 games last year, and hasn't been sacked five times since Week 10 at Baltimore in 2013.
So, what the heck happened Sunday?
For the most part, it was the Jets' defensive line simply outplaying the Bengals' line. New York defensive lineman accounted for six of the seven sacks. Some of it had to do with Cincinnati's lineman not reacting properly to various Jets blitzes and stunts. A few were coverage sacks in which Dalton held the ball too long.
Lewis did admit that as good as the Jets' defensive line is, they're not good enough to get seven sacks against the Bengals' offensive line on their own.
“Yes, that's a good defensive football team all the way around. We've been saying that all week,” Marvin Lewis said after the game. “We've got to do better. We can't give up seven sacks. Our quarterback will not make it through the season if we give up seven sacks a week.”
The biggest culprits on Cincinnati's side were center Russell Bodine and right tackle Cedric Ogbuehi, who got beaten throughout the game by New York. Those two simply cannot hold up against the likes of Muhammad Wilkerson and Leonard Williams, who combined for four sacks.
However, allowing guys like Steve McLendon, whom Cincinnati was familiar with from their time in Pittsburgh, to have two sacks is unacceptable. McLendon had just two sacks over their last 46 games with the Steelers, but somehow got two in this game alone while largely going up against Cincinnati's embattled center in the game.
Bodine's play is killing this unit, but they cannot be faulted for Sunday's epic struggles. Stalwarts Kevin Zeitler and Clint Boling also had trouble against the Jets' front, which just can't happen if this team is going to get back to the playoffs.
Lewis didn't go into too much detail about the line struggling, but was clearly frustrated when discussing it.
"We had some errors which is unfortunate, and that's the biggest thing," Lewis said. "We'll go look at it. I'm not going to sit here and explain things to you anytime, but certainly not right now."
When Andrew Whitworth was asked about the line making so many mistakes, they looked at it a bit differently. They looked at it being similar to last year's playoff loss to the Steelers, a game that was also full of offensive mistakes for the majority of the game, only for them to come back and make enough plays to come back and nearly win the game.
Whitworth looked at this Jets game as another game in which Cincinnati played poorly, but never stopped fighting, and eventually came back to put themselves in position to win.
"I think people look at last year, the Pittsburgh loss as a thing that was kind of damning to our team, Whitworth said. "I look at that Pittsburgh loss and say the reality is that we fought ourselves back into the playoffs to win a football game. I think this team has its ups and downs, but you find a way to win the game.
"That's all that matters. That was very much the same feel right here. We had to make a comeback in the end and defense had to make a stop. That's what you want to do to win football games in the league. That's the goal."
Give Whitworth credit for their optimism about the Bengals gutting out a win when it seemed unlikely, but even they have to admit this was one of the worst efforts we've seen from this unit during their 11 years in stripes. Maybe it was a fluke. Maybe the Jets had the perfect game plan and personnel to execute it.
Whatever the case is, the Bengals must put in the extra work going forward to make sure it doesn't happen again this year, even if it means someone losing their starting spot.
Today I posted the following quote from my teacher Gudo Wafu Nishijima on my Facebook page:
Trying to obey the precepts is a hopeless task. The harder we try the more difficult it becomes. Gautama Buddha, Master Dogen, and the great patriarchs all gave up trying to obey the precepts. They found they could not obey the precepts by their conscious efforts so they worked on the problem from another angle. They found that when they practiced zazen every day their lives became simple and clear. They found in fact that they could not disobey the precepts.
In our life we must make our decisions moment by moment. They are instantaneous: they are dependent on the condition of our body and mind at the moment. Therefore when our body and mind are balanced and composed, our action reflects our composure. When we are `right', our actions will also be right. So the only way to obey the precepts is to change our body and mind through the practice of zazen. When we practice zazen we resume our original nature—our Buddha-nature. We find ourselves in harmony with the Universe at every moment. In such a state it is impossible for us to break the precepts. When we practice zazen we become persons who cannot disobey the precepts.
A guy who routinely posts comments that are, shall we say, contrarian, immediately objected saying this was “dangerous” and an example of “cult-logic.”
Their reasoning went as follows, “That means that anyone who practices zazen can claim to be able to disobey the precepts and do whatever they like, and it will all be ‘in harmony with the Universe' at any moment. That's precisely how cult leaders justify their selfish actions. Any act one performs can be justified and defended with this logic. All one has to do is practice zazen. and it's instantly just fine.”
I understand their objection. But I read the quote differently. To me, the key line is, “When we practice zazen we become persons who cannot disobey the precepts.” The first four words make all the difference. They are, “when we practice zazen.”
My friend on Facebook imagines the meaning of this sentence is, “when we practice zazen for 40 minutes (or whatever) per day, then during the rest of our lives we magically become unable to break the precepts, therefore let me fondle you while you drink this cup of tasty Flavor Aid.” But that isn't what Nishijima is saying.  They are saying that during the act of zazen, it is impossible to break the precepts. I certainly can't see any way to do it!
By repeating this action every day without fail, we change subtly. In my Facebook friend's words, “one becomes more and more aware of one's self-centeredness.”
This will not end up magically transforming you into someone whose actions will always be above reproach. That's impossible. For one thing, no matter how good you try to be there's always someone out there who can find fault with you.
Not only that, but nothing will ever erase what the Buddhists call our “ancient twisted karma born from beginningless greed, hatred, and delusion.” In other words, you'll always have your specific “baggage” to use the preferred term of Americans these days.
I also can see my friend's problem with the line that says, “When we practice zazen we resume our original nature—our Buddha-nature. We find ourselves in harmony with the Universe at every moment. In such a state it is impossible for us to break the precepts.” You could read this as a claim that zazen will transform us into someone other than who we are. Then you could use this as an excuse to act like a jerk and claim that because you regularly did zazen, even your jerk-type actions were in accord with Buddha-nature. But that would be ridiculous.
I read it a little differently. My take on it is this; in doing zazen we discover that at every moment we are in harmony with the universe, whether we know it or not. When we are in the state of being in harmony with the universe, we can't break the precepts.
Now here is where it starts getting a little weird.
We are in harmony with everything, unable to ever be out of synch. And yet we behave like jerks sometimes. Dogen recognized this and said, “Even if the whole universe is nothing but a bunch of jerks doing all kinds of jerk-type things, there is still liberation in simply not being a jerk.” They also said that any teaching that does not sound like “don't be a jerk” is not Buddhism.
There have been plenty of cult leaders who have claimed some kind of supernatural justification for acting like jerks. No doubt there will be plenty more. But that, in itself, is an example of being a jerk.
There is no state of Enlightenment that, once you've had it, renders you morally perfect. This is one of the reasons I so strongly object to methods of meditation and the use of drugs that are supposed to give you some kind of instant Enlightenment.
In fact, it's just the opposite. A person who experiences a state of universal oneness without any context can actually become a bigger menace to society than they were before they had the experience. For one thing, you become more aware of how easy it is to manipulate people. It can be very tempting.
This is why the core of Buddhist teaching is “don't be a jerk.” This is why Dogen says that if any teaching fails to include “don't be a jerk” it ain't Buddhism.
And yet, and yet…
This was Dogen's big question, the one that drove them to do all that meditating. And the guy did a lot of meditation! But when they first started meditating, when was just a little kid, they asked the older monks, “The Buddha said we are all perfect just as we are, so why do we need to practice?”
The only magic in zazen is that it answers this question. We will resist the answer as hard as we can. For one thing, the answer is a logical contradiction. We are perfect and incapable of making mistakes, and yet we make tons of mistakes. And the only way to stop making so many mistakes is to stop being such jerks.
The obvious question, then, is, “What about (fill in the name of your favorite disgraced meditation master)? They meditated all the time and they were still a jerk!”
I can't answer that question, except to wonder what that person would have been like if they hadn't done all that meditating.
But that person isn't you. Your job isn't to figure out why they were such a jerk. Your job is to see why you're such a jerk and then knock that shit off.
* * *
If you're in Los Angeles, come see me at The Last Bookstore on June 2nd at 7:3o
* * *
Check out my podcast with Pirooz Kalayeh, ONCE AGAIN ZEN!
* * *
I've got a new book out now! Stay up to date on my live appearances and more by signing up for our mailing list on the contact page!
UPCOMING EVENTS
July 1, 2016 Cleveland, Ohio Zero Defex at Now That's Class!
July 4, 2016 Cleveland, Ohio Zero Defex TBA
July 8, 2016 Seattle, Washington EastWest Bookshop 7:30pm Talk & Book Signing
July 9, 2016 Seattle, Washington EastWest Bookshop 10am-3pm Workshop
September 10-11, 2016 Belfast, Northern Ireland 2-Day Retreat
September 14, 2016 Belfast, Northern Ireland Zazen and Discussion
September 16-17, 2016 Dublin, Ireland 3-Day Retreat
September 22-25, 2016 Hebden Bridge, England, 4-Day Retreat
September 27, 2016 – Wimbledon, London, England – Talk and Q&A
September 29-October 2, 2016 Helsinki, Finland, 4-Day Retreat
October 3, 2016 Turku, Finland, Talk at the University
October 4-5, Stockholm, Sweden, Talk and 1-Day-Retreat
October 7, 2016 Berlin, Germany Zenlab
October 14, 2016 Munich, Germany, Lecture
October 15-16, 2016 Munich, Germany, 2-Day Retreat
October 23-28, 2016 Benediktushof Meditation Centrum (near Würzburg, Germany) 5-Day Retreat
MORE EUROPEAN DATES TO BE ANNOUNCED SOON!
ONGOING EVENTS
Every Monday at 8pm there's zazen at Silverlake Yoga Studio 2 located at 2810 Glendale Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90039. Beginners only!
Every Saturday at 10:00 am (NEW TIME!) there's zazen at the Veteran's Memorial Complex located at 4117 Overland Blvd., Culver City, CA 90230. Beginners only!
These on-going events happen every week even if I am away from Los Angeles. Plenty more info is available on the Dogen Sangha Los Angeles website, dsla.info
* * *
Your donations to this blog will help me not be a jerk by knocking over old ladies to steal their groceries.
Brady John Haran (born 18 June 1976) is an Australian-born British independent filmmaker and video journalist who is known for their educational videos and documentary films produced for BBC News and their YouTube channels, the most notable being Periodic Videos and Numberphile.[1][2] Haran is also the co-host of the Hello Internet podcast along with fellow YouTuber CGP Grey. On August 22, 2017, Haran launched their second podcast, called The Unmade Podcast, and on November 11, 2018, they launched their third podcast, the Numberphile podcast, based on their mathematics-centered channel of the same name.
Career
Reporter and filmmaker
Brady Haran studied journalism for a year before being hired by The Adelaide Advertiser. In 2002, they moved from Australia to Nottingham, United Kingdom. In Nottingham, they worked for the BBC, began to work with film, and reported for East Midlands Today, BBC News Online and BBC radio stations.[3][4][5]
In 2007, Haran worked as a filmmaker-in-residence for Nottingham Science City,[3][6] as part of an agreement between the BBC and The University of Nottingham.[7] Their "Test Tube" project started with the idea of producing a documentary about scientists and their research, but they decided to upload their raw footage to YouTube; from that point "Periodic Videos" and "Sixty Symbols" were developed.[3][6] Haran then left the BBC to work full-time making YouTube videos.[8]
YouTube
Following "Test Tube", Haran decided to create new YouTube channels.[3] In their first five years as an independent filmmaker they made over 1500 videos.[8] In 2012, they were the producer, editor, and interviewer behind 12 YouTube channels[8] such as The Periodic Table of Videos,[9] Sixty Symbols and Numberphile.[3] Martyn Poliakoff received the Royal Society of Chemistry Nyholm Prize for Education in 2011 for work taking chemistry education to a wider audience; this included their work with Haran on The Periodic Table of Videos.[10]
Working with Poliakoff, Haran's videos explaining chemistry and science for non-technical persons received positive recognition.[1] Together, they have made over 500 short videos that cover the elements and other chemistry-related topics. Their YouTube channel has had more than 159 million views.[11] Also, Haran and Poliakoff authored an article in the Nature Chemistry journal[12] and an essay on Science journal[13] discussing the impact of The Periodic Table of Videos.
Haran frequently collaborates with professionals and experts, who often appear in their videos to discuss subjects relevant to their work. Most notably their series Periodic Videos features chemist Martyn Poliakoff, with the series also featuring chemist Stephen Liddle. The Numberphile channel has hosted a wide array of guests and presenters, including mathematicians James Grime, Elwyn Berlekamp, John Conway, Persi Diaconis, Rob Eastaway, David Eisenbud, Edward Frenkel, Hannah Fry, Ron Graham, Lisa Goldberg, Barry Mazur, Ken Ribet, Tadashi Tokieda and Terence Tao, computer scientists Don Knuth and Carlo H. Séquin, scientists Brian Butterworth, Ed Copeland, Laurence Eaves, and Clifford Stoll, and scientific writers and popularizers Alex Bellos, Steve Mould, Matt Parker, Tom Scott, and Simon Singh.[14] The Computerphile channel has hosted similar experts, such as computer science professor Michael Pound.
Hello Internet
Hello Internet Logo
Hello Internet podcast.[15] Nail & Gear – chosen by the listeners in a postal referendum as the official flag of thepodcast.
In January 2014, Haran launched the podcast Hello Internet along with co-host CGP Grey, another YouTube educational content creator. The podcast peaked as the #1 iTunes podcast in the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, Canada, and Australia.[16] It was selected as one of Apple's best new podcasts of 2014.[17] The Guardian included the podcast among its 50 best of 2016, naming episode 66 ("A Classic Episode") its episode of the year. The paper described the podcast as having "in-depth debates and banter that is actually amusing".[18]
The podcast features discussions pertaining to their lives as professional content creators for YouTube, as well as their interests and annoyances. Typical topics include technology etiquette; movie and TV show reviews; plane accidents; vexillology; futurology; and the differences between Grey's and Haran's personalities and lifestyles.[19] Grey's and Haran's opinions and comments on feedback usually starts the next episode of the podcast. As a result of their conversations, Haran has been noted for reappropriating the term "freebooting," among other words, to refer to the unauthorised rehosting of online media.[20]
The podcast has an "official" flag called the Nail & Gear which was chosen from five candidates with a postal vote by the podcast's audience using an alternative vote system.[21][22][23]
The Unmade Podcast
In August 2017, Haran launched The Unmade Podcast along with co-host Tim Hein, a close friend of Haran.[24] The podcast features a discussion between the two of "ideas for podcasts that they will never make".[24] Most episodes last for approximately 40-75 minutes and each host is given the opportunity to pitch three podcast ideas in total. Hein and Brady then proceed to discuss these ideas in a light-hearted and often comedic manner. Along with the regular episodes, the podcast also has occasional 'special episodes'. These are usually, but not always, an opportunity for the hosts to attempt to actually create a podcast from an idea previously put forward on the show. A notable exception to this was the Antarctica special episode which departed from the usual format for Haran to discuss their recent visit to Antarctica with Hein.[25] As of December 2018, there have been six special episodes including the Antarctica special.
The Numberphile Podcast
In November of 2018, Haran launched the Numberphile podcast, in which they speak with various mathematicians in a longer-form version of their YouTube channel Numberphile.[26] Unlike with their others, Haran is the sole host of this podcast.
Awards
Publications
Hope springs eternal.
Weekly Standard editor, Bill Kristol, has been on a quest for weeks to secure a willing and capable third party option to the two felonious cons running at the head of the Republican and Democrat tickets.
No. Please don't mention the Libertarian Party. With their choice of Gary Johnson (again), they will soon be relegated back to their 2am party meetings in the corner booth at the Waffle House.
Kristol took to Twitter on Sunday afternoon to deliver this teaser:
Just a heads-up over this holiday weekend: There will be an independent candidate–an impressive one, with a strong team and a real chance. — Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) May 29, 2016
I wholeheartedly support Kristol's efforts. I've long called for a third party option and I would gladly support a legitimate conservative, willing to step into what can only be considered murky and untested waters.
It's a gamble worth taking, considering many are not ready to abandon principle for party, but are truly stuck between a rock and a hard place.
From the Washington Examiner:
It was not clear from Kristol's message whether the name of a candidate would be produced over the weekend or at an undisclosed date in the future. However, time for the purported candidate is already short. The deadline for making it on the November ballot in Texas passed on May 9. The next deadline is in North Carolina, where the candidate will need to provide about 90,000 signatures from supporters by June 9 in order to make it on the ballot.
It would seem any third party option is already battling upstream, but in the words of Winston Churchill:
“Never give in–never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.”
I agree. With everything in me, I agree.
*EDIT*
The gilded toad has responded to the news.
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2016
The Republican Party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2016
And on and on and on…
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2016
In an interview with Russia Today's Alyona Minkovski on Tuesday night, Col. Lawrence Wilkerson continued their barrage against former Vice President Dick Cheney, who's been a prominent face in the media lately thanks to their newly published book, “In My Time.”
Wilkerson, formerly chief of staff to Sec. of State Colin Powell during President George W. Bush's first term, has been outspoken in recent days in their criticism of Cheney, going so far as to tell Democracy Now that they would be prepared to testify, if only someone would “Pinochet” the former vice president.
Speaking to Alyona, Wilkerson revealed that internal discussions within Powell's office often regarded Cheney and their men the “Nazis” or “Gestappo” within the Bush administration.
“It often went like this: Those Nazis in Vice President Cheney's office; the Gestapo in Vice President Cheney's office. That's kinda the way, by 2003 and 2004, we'd come to look at Scooter Libby and David Addington, including the vice president himself, in that office.”
They also criticized President Barack Obama for failing to pursue charges against Cheney and other Bush-era officials, suggesting that Cheney has repeatedly and openly admitted to “war crimes,” indicating that they fear a potential prosecution.
This video is from Russia Today, broadcast Aug. 29, 2011.
Italy - IOM reports an estimated 249,854 migrants and refugees entered Europe by sea in 2016 through 24 July, arriving mostly in Italy and Greece. The 250,000 total is likely to be surpassed in the next few hours as recently rescued migrants reach Italian shores.
According to IOM estimates, the latest discovery of 39 bodies washed up on Libyan shores this week brings the number of casualties to over 3,034 among the migrants and refugees who attempted to cross the Mediterranean to reach Europe in 2016. This year's total so far, is significantly higher compared to last year as of end of July 2015, when 1,917 had lost their lives at sea.
At the same time, the total number of arrivals by sea in Europe is only slightly higher than the same period in 2015 (with nearly the same number of arrivals registered in Italy).
One of the reasons behind the increase in migrant deaths is linked to the exceptional flow of arrivals and the high number of migrants – about 1,000 victims over a tragic few days – lost at sea in the last week of May 2016.
In that period, the shipwrecks involved bigger vessels with hundreds of people on board, unlike the usual dinghies that can carry only approximately up to a hundred. As a result those few accidents, like the shipwreck that claimed the lives of 500 migrants and a similar accident resulting in 250 victims, added to the deadly total of 3,000 being reached much earlier than in previous years. This means that for the third straight year IOM will report migration fatalities of at least 3,000 men, women and children on these dangerous sea routes.
“Despite the constant and increased patrolling of the Mediterranean, it has proved extremely difficult to reduce the number of victims. Sometimes it has taken only a few shipwrecks to cause hundreds of casualties,” said IOM Rome Spokesperson Flavio Di Giacomo.
But they added that without the presence and the outstanding work of the Italian and international ships that save hundreds of lives every day, the number of missing migrants would almost certainly be much higher.
Total arrivals by sea and deaths in the Mediterranean 2015-2016
1 Jan – 24 July 2016 1 Jan – 30 July 2015 Country of Arrival Arrivals Deaths Italy 88,351* 2,606
(Central Med. route) 93,540 1,917
(all Med routes) Greece 159,657 383
(Eastern Med. route) 126,514 Cyprus 28 na Spain 1,818** 45
(Western Med and Western African routes) na Estimated Total 249,854 3,034 220,054 1,917
Data on deaths of migrants compiled by Missing Migrants Project. All numbers are minimum estimates. Arrival estimates based on data from respective governments and IOM field offices.
* Official figures provided by Italian Ministry of Interior
**As of 31 May
For the latest Mediterranean Update infographic, please go to:
https://missingmigrants.iom.int/sites/default/files/Mediterranean_Update_26_July_2016.pdf
For latest arrivals and fatalities in the Mediterranean, please visit: http://migration.iom.int/europe
Learn more about Missing Migrants Project at: http://missingmigrants.iom.int
For further information please contact:
Flavio Di Giacomo at IOM Italy, Tel: +39 347 089 8996, Email: fdigiacomo@iom.int
IOM Greece: Daniel Esdras, Tel: +30 210 9912174, Email: iomathens@iom.int or Kelly Namia, Tel: +30 210 9919040, +30 210 9912174, Email: knamia@iom.int
Abby Dwommoh at IOM Turkey, Tel: +903124551202, Email: adwommoh@iom.int
Amr Taha at IOM Egypt. Tel: +202-27365140, Email: iomegypt@iom.int
Itayi Viriri at IOM Geneva, Tel: +41.79.285.4366, Email: iviriri@iom.int
IOM Libya. Othman Belbeisi, Tel +216 29 600389, Email: obelbeisi@iom.int or Ashraf Hassan, Tel: +216297 94707, Email: ashassan@iom.int
Ron Millonario XO hails from deepest darkest Peru. The brand Millonario has been around since 1950 but has only been available globally since 2004.
In 2004 Fabio Rossi (of Rum Nation) visited Peru and discovered the Hacienda Agrícola de Chiclayo where the rum is distilled. Ron Millonario XO is distilled on a Blair, Campbell and McLean column stills. There are two expressions in the Ron Millionario range the Solera 15 and this the XO.
Coming in a very nice square decanter with an equally pleasing cut out box the rum retails at around the £80-90 mark in the UK. The 70cl bottle has an ABV of 40%
In Peru the rum is known as “Millonario” as it was only really available to the very wealthy. The Millonario brand has a very fancy website.
The rum has won many awards over the years and have received several glowing reviews online. It is noted as being a blend of rums aged upto 20 years but no definitive age statement is given. It is a molasses based rum.
In the glass the rum is a copper/red brown it is quite viscous as well. This may have something to do with the 40 g/L of sugar recorded on the Hydrometer Test.
The nose is very, very sweet. It reminds me of boiled fruit sweets. It reminds me a little of Pear Drops – it that same very sweet, slightly artificial note. I'm getting big notes of Orange as well but again more like an Orange bubblegum than Orange Zest – candied fruits and a large waft of cinnamon. I'm not getting any oak aged notes or anything that really resembles rum. Which is a big problem for me!
Sipping this rum – it is not as quite as sweet as the nose might lead you to believe. It's still very sugary but there is a lot of orange zest making it slightly bitter-sweet. There's a lot of sickly toffee or caramel and to be entirely honest not a great deal else. The finish is pretty soft and inoffensive but it doesn't last very long. There are no oak aged notes or any real rum character. No alcohol burn and it is so viscous it feels like you are drinking a liqueur.
As you sip more you get more flavours – some dried fruits mostly – a little raisin, some Christmas pudding perhaps, spices a little clove, some nutmeg perhaps.
Unfortunately though its all wrapped up in sugar syrup. It's cloying.
As well as having the added sugar I would say its likely that the Hydrometer is also picking up things other than a pure column distillate. Don't get me wrong a good column distillate can be fantastic but I've never tasted one that produced a spirit which is anything like this. And that isn't a compliment.
After drinking this you are left with a mouthfeel as if you have been eating sweets. For those in the UK this reminds me of our infamous “Blue Pop” drinks which are either Bubblegum or Blueberry flavoured. Cloying and synthetic. I can still smell it in the empty glass from across the room!
If you like Dipmolatico Reserva Exclusiva then this might appeal (I dare say this is even more sickly and concocted). This to my mind really isn't rum and it certainly isn't “Premium Sipping Rum”.
Drinkable and as a liqueur acceptable but as a rum? This isn't rum.
Via Think Progress, here's Florida Rep. Cliff Stearns debating whether Obama's much-vetted birth certificate is "legitimate" in a recent meeting with constituents:
I guess we're going to ramp this birther stuff back up again for the general election. It went away for a while, though only after President Obama took a little time away from killing Osama bin Laden to get it released (but the PDF! The pixels! Lily-white halos!) which was itself more than I think any other president has had to do. Alas, the president could not satisfy the more basic demand of a certain set of Republicans that they stop being black, and so MuslimKenyaBirthergate goes merrily along, at least for that small group of people.
I would expect it of the Republican base. Let's face it, if you're still in the Republican "base" after the Bush years, you're either a dim bulb, not paying any attention, or have certain issues that force you into being Republican no matter how badly they screw up. Having so many high-profile Republicans pander to that, though—that's what's new about the party. Believing in conspiracy theories has become a litmus test for office. You have to believe certain sciences are a "hoax," and that reforming national health insurance options equals "death panels," and that the president isn't a true Christian because, um, because they spent kindergarden in another country and was thus indoctrinated into their evil ways or something to that effect, and so on. Like I said, conspiracy theories.
As reminder, Stearns is the one leading the House GOP's "investigation" into Planned Parenthood, the one that the Komen foundation used as cover for ending funding to Planned Parenthood for breast cancer screenings. So he's no stranger to the idea of "investigating" things as purely political endeavor.
Cold Rain & Snow, CC Rider, Candyman, Beat It On Down The Line, Stagger Lee, Me & My Uncle-> Big River, Peggy-O, Let It Grow Scarlet Begonias-> Fire On The Mountain-> Estimated Prophet-> Eyes Of The World-> Drums-> Gimme Some Lovin'-> Wharf Rat-> Sugar Magnolia, E: Brokedown Palace*
SBD >> ? > CDR > EAC > SHN; via Howard Weiner, Dan Michael
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: Hung, Wae-lo - - September 6, 2018
Subject: Video available https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USuM3YZ7NSc - September 6, 2018Video available
Reviewer: pythagoras1 - favorite favorite - September 5, 2017
Subject: remember the chords? you guys remember the chords? - September 5, 2017remember the chords?
Reviewer: kbmill - - March 28, 2017
Subject: bread crumb A rare for 1985 Candyman. - March 28, 2017bread crumb
Reviewer: jakester76 - favorite favorite favorite - September 7, 2010
Subject: This is Grate!!! Absolutely LOVE this show...Slow and mellow
Peggy-o
Scar-Fire
Eyes
They just sound so nice =) - September 7, 2010This is Grate!!!
Reviewer: brian miller - favorite favorite favorite - September 12, 2009
Subject: A Day That Changed My Life This is not a review of the recording, but just a note on an amazing experience. My first Dead show. What a place to begin the long strange trip. The only songs I even knew from this setlist going in were Sugar Mag and Gimme Some Lovin. What a day!!! Been hooked ever since. If you"ve never been to the rocks GO!!! BTW if you stare at the rocks a lot then look at the crowd it puts kind of a greenish cast to everything.Also the Brokedown WAS the encore on this date not 9/7 as stated above. - September 12, 2009A Day That Changed My Life
Reviewer: Frenchman - favorite favorite favorite - December 20, 2008
Subject: Brokedown NOT the 2nd set opener! I was at these shows, and the goofed up Broke Down Palace was NOT played on 9/5 at the start of the 2nd set; it was the encore on 9/7. In any case, the three shows were great-it was a gas to plugged in, melting from the rocks for a trio of day shows - December 20, 2008Brokedown NOT the 2nd set opener!
Reviewer: Tie-Dyed Tom - favorite favorite favorite - September 6, 2008
Subject: Brokedown: You Guys Remember the Chorus? I've been enjoying the show. The opening of the second set is hysterical as they shank it and then call mulligan. Very funny. So, I had to comment and now I'll add my other liner notes.
In the first set, I though the Candyman was nice. I'm a big fan of the Scar->Fire and I thought it had a little too much cow bell (don't get hostile, I'm just having a good time here).
The Estimated and Space had some nice echoes spinning around the room.
I enjoyed Brent on keys and Warf Rat and Gimme Some Lovin' were shining!
Nice listening. Not the best, not the worst, just the good ole Grateful Dead having fun at Red Rocks. - September 6, 2008Brokedown: You Guys Remember the Chorus?
Reviewer: Drumheadz - favorite favorite favorite - March 20, 2008
Subject: Day Tripper! This was the only time that I ever really enjoyed seeing Day shows. Beautiful weather which after all of the annual Red Rocks rainouts is why they did these during the day. A bunch of us drove out from Chicago in a caravan and stayed at my Brother Scott's place (R.I.P.). I had a pickup with an open bed and 3 people in the back the whole way. My friend Patrick had this gorilla mask that they wore most of the way scarring people on I80. I remember the Lone Ranger soundtracks they were running between sets. These were crazy magical times! - March 20, 2008Day Tripper!
Reviewer: Albix - favorite favorite - November 8, 2006
Subject: slow? I have 2 other sources from this show and is it me or is this SBD slow? - November 8, 2006slow?
Reviewer: hunabkupakal - favorite favorite favorite - September 7, 2005
Subject: annab ku chupra sipapu chakra +6
=11
%}
e'x'halation - September 7, 2005annab ku chupra sipapu chakra
Reviewer: early 80's meltdown - favorite favorite favorite - June 3, 2005
Subject: Yea no dout ' I wouldnt of had it any other way either you made the right choice. (Esp if was some real clean liquid. The times/scene and venue of coarse were all there. Jerry must a a blast to watch, wow Lucky you and the others who were there. Iam listening to the "Comes a Time" from 9-7-85 and its so sweet I really couldn't imagine. So real,authentic, original and passionate. How about the re-do on Brokedown. What a time that Sept Red Rocks 85 was. Love to see a video of this. early 80's meltdown -- June 3, 2005Yea no dout '
A hint of momentum for Hillary Clinton has produced a 3-point race in the latest ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll results, with wide leads for the Democrat in trust to handle the economy and health care among likely voters focused on those two issues.
Donald Trump pushes back with a clear lead on dealing with corruption in government and immigration among those who cite either of these as their top issue. The candidates are evenly matched on another key concern, trust to handle terrorism and national security.
The poll finds a 47-44 percent race between Clinton and Trump in a four-day average among likely voters, vs. Trump's best result, 45-46 percent, three days ago. While the shift is not statistically significant, two of the last three nights -– moving away from news of the FBI's renewed email investigation -– have been Clinton's best since the early days of tracking.
See PDF with full results here.
A notable result among groups in this poll, produced for ABC by Langer Research Associates, is Clinton's best showing since July among nonwhites, a cornerstone of the Democratic coalition. They lead Trump by 76-17 percent in this group, while they lead by 53-38 percent among whites. That includes 90-5 percent for Clinton among blacks, 68-27 percent among Hispanics and 55-31 percent among other nonwhites, all near them best.
There's room for change, not least because Trump continues to enjoy a 6-point advantage in strong enthusiasm among their supporters. Just 47 percent of Clinton's supporters are strongly enthusiastic about her, compared with 53 percent of Trump's – and, for comparison, a peak of 69 percent of Barack Obama's by the end of the 2012 race.
Then again, for more than a quarter of likely voters, this race is run: They've already voted, with a 50-45 percent Clinton-Trump estimate for this group.
Issues
Top issues are scattered. For 29 percent of likely voters, a plurality, it's the economy, while 13 to 17 percent pick corruption, terrorism, health care or some combination of issues rather than a single one. Immigration policy, for all the controversy about it, is last on the list.
Among all likely voters, the biggest difference comes in trust to handle corruption in government: A 9-point advantage for Trump, 48-39 percent. That echoes a result earlier this week in which Trump opened up their first lead over Clinton in honesty and trustworthiness, 8 points, following word of the renewed investigation of emails linked to their private server.
The candidates are close overall in trust to handle other key issues – Clinton +5 on health care and +4 on terrorism and national security, with even scores on economy and virtually so on immigration.
Differentiation becomes much sharper among issue groups. Among likely voters who pick the economy and jobs as the top issue in their vote, Clinton leads by 64-32 percent in trust to handle it, and they lead Trump in vote preference among economy voters by 67-28 percent. Results are very similar among voters focused on health care (albeit with a small sample).
The opposite is true among likely voters who cite corruption in government or immigration as their top issue; they prefer Trump to handle it by wide margins, and their vote preference is 20-69 percent, Clinton-Trump.
Issues by Group
Looking at these results among groups tells a similar story. The economy/jobs is by far the top issue for Clinton supporters and Democrats, followed by health care and terrorism/national security. Among Trump supporters and Republicans, corruption is tops, followed by the economy/jobs and terrorism/national security.
Independents, as they often do, split the difference, dividing about evenly between the economy and corruption as their top issues.
Among other results, women are more focused on health care than men (18 vs. 8 percent pick it as their top issue), with more men focused on the economy or corruption. Concern about health care peaks at 20 percent among liberals, while corruption and terrorism/national security top the list among strong conservatives, each cited by a quarter. A focus on corruption in government is highest, 33 percent, among white men without a college degree, a core Trump support group.
Nonwhites and college graduates are more concerned than their counterparts about the economy, with whites more apt to cite corruption and terrorism/national security and those without a college degree more likely to pick multiple issues.
Story continues
Welcome to Social Capital, a series devoted to analyzing the social-media presences of celebrities.
Rivers Cuomo, the 45-year-old frontman of the rock band Weezer, tweets as if they can't drink yet. Sometimes they tweet as if he's not even old enough to drive. Since they joined Twitter in 2008, Cuomo has opined at length about crushes, friendship, memes and, their new favorite medium, Snapchat. “i hate it when you don't open my snaps in which i looked extremley [sic] cute :(,” they tweeted at their over one million followers on Nov. 17, 2015. (The first reply? “gosh you tweet like a 18 years old.”) If you were to open the asupervisorstioned snaps, you would find almost exclusively demure selfies. You would also find that at 5-foot-6, with large square glasses and a haircut fit for an eighth grader, Cuomo looks far more like the boy their tweets suggest than the middle-aged father only investigation will reveal they have become.
Weezer's pop-culture apogee was from the mid-to-late 90's to the early aughts, which means for people like me, born just in time for the Clinton administration, songs like “Buddy Holly” were the music we put on our first iPods and jammed to at the middle-school Spring Fling. The Weezers and the Blink-182s and the Green Days and the Smash Mouths were the loud guitar-playing men with teenage attitude who would carry us from AOL 4.0 toward a new millennium. Soon after, the idea of the man-child – the hero of the Judd Apatow film, the hilarious older brother of the sitcom – entered our cultural consciousness, peaking with movies like “Superbad” and “Knocked Up.” Men in their 20s weren't marrying anymore. Thanks to a recession and a growing gender gap in education, many of them weren't doing much of anything besides sleeping, playing video games, trying to hit on increasingly younger women who hadn't yet realized that their “cool older boyfriend” was actually not cool and perhaps plucking absent-mindedly on a guitar.
Cuomo — both on social media and in reality — does not seem to be a man-child in this traditional sense. They have a grown-up life. They have children. They work hard, having released a 2014 album with Weezer that was well received by critics. They aren't dragged down by drug use or other criminal drama, nor do they constantly chase women 20 years younger in a public and embarrassing way. He's just . . . consistently angsty. Or at least they have constructed their entire social-media presence to suggest as much.
Cuomo tweets about “listening to 1d” and getting excited when their dad calls. They use the word “cute” with a frequency that rivals a fashion pictorial in Seventeen magazines. They often write as though he's a pubescent fan of Weezer instead of its most recognizable member, rarely (if ever) saying “we” or “us” when referring to the band. Their YouTube channel, last updated four years ago, includes videos of them doing vocal exercises while someone accompanies them on piano and videos of them doing physical exercises at Equinox. There's also a series of videos of them learning to dance to remixes of songs by Rihanna and Hot Chelle Rae.
Ghost town in Utah, United States
Home of Truth is a ghost town located in San Juan County in southeastern Utah, United States. The settlement was a short-lived utopian religious intentional community in the 1930s, led by a spiritualist named Marie Ogden. The Home of Truth started in 1933 with an initial population of 22 people, but grew to around 100 at its peak.
During its brief history the town was isolated from the surrounding community socially as well as physically, its residents keeping to themselves in a strict, simple lifestyle. Ogden took over the local newspaper and used it to introduce outsiders to their beliefs. The crisis that led to the downfall of the Home of Truth resulted from their writings about efforts to raise a woman from the dead. The investigations by local authorities and the intense media attention that followed drove most of the members to abandon the group by the end of 1937. A handful of residents continued to occupy Home of Truth until 1977.
Today the empty buildings at Home of Truth, lying on fenced private land, are little-noticed curiosities along Utah State Route 211, seen mainly by visitors to the Needles district of Canyonlands National Park.
Location [ edit ]
Photograph Gap. The "Inner Portal" is on the horizon just to the right of the road.
The site of Home of Truth lies about 15 miles (24 km) north of Monticello, Utah, and some 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Church Rock. The settlement was spread out along Dry Valley, bounded on the north and south by irregular mountain ridges that come close together at the western end, in a place called Photograph Gap. Utah State Route 211, the road to Newspaper Rock and the entrance to the Needles district of Canyonlands National Park, passes through the site.
History [ edit ]
Foundation [ edit ]
Unfinished chapel at the Middle Portal
Marie Ogden (May 31, 1883 – March 4, 1975)[1] was a wealthy, well-educated widow from Newark, New Jersey. They were prominent and active in community affairs, working for the welfare of the poor[2] and rising to the presidency of the New Jersey State Federation of Women's Clubs. After the death of their husband, Harry Ogden, in 1929, they sought comfort in spiritualism,[3] soon forming an occult group called the School of Truth. Ogden was attracted to the idea that spiritualism could allow them to communicate with their dead husband and learn why they died, as well as to find the answers to life for herself.[4] They briefly joined the early "League of the Liberators" organization of spiritualist William Dudley Pelley, whose esoteric spiritual experiences and millennialist teachings resonated with them In 1932 they became the largest single financial contributor to Pelley's movement,[5] but they parted ways with them over their developing political extremism. Claiming to receive divine revelations through automatic writing on their typewriter, Ogden toured the country lecturing and gathering followers.[6]
While on their lecture tour in Boise, Idaho, Ogden announced a revelation directing them to establish a religious colony dedicated to "the truth".[7] They returned to New Jersey with no idea of a location for the project, but was convinced it must be in a wilderness area far from city life. Ogden explained that they had received ‘a description and a mental picture of the place and knew it was on virgin soil, far removed from city life,' as well as in the ‘intermountain country.' [4] Through friends they learned of available land in San Juan County, Utah, and after visiting the area they made up their mind. They claimed that the location of their commune matched their vision.[4] A group of 21 disciples,[8] mostly from the Boise area, followed them to Dry Valley in southeastern Utah in September 1933.[6] Intending to start a collective farm, the group first tried to buy some irrigated ranch land on Indian Creek, but they could not pay the asking price. Ogden offered the owner membership in the colony and a guarantee of eternal life, but to no avail.[7] They settled on a tract of barren desert near Church Rock—the site, according to Ogden, of Christ's Second Coming—and began to build the Home of Truth.[8]
The Home of Truth was constructed in three sections spread a few miles apart from east to west. The Outer Portal was made up of several buildings, including a communal house and dormitory. The Middle Portal, largest of the three,[3] was planned to include a chapel made of cobblestones,[9] although the foundation was never even finished.[10] The Inner Portal contained barracks and six houses.[9] Marie Ogden taught that the Inner Portal, where they lived with their daughter Roberta,[3] was located on the exact center of the Earth's axis, and that only those who lived here would be spared the coming calamities of the last days.[6] There were at least 23 buildings scattered throughout Home of Truth, most with simple exteriors of unpainted board and batten or tar paper shingles.[11]
Colony life [ edit ]
Residents agreed to a strict code of conduct. They surrendered all personal possessions to the group, which provided food, clothing, and shelter.[9] The rules also forbade consumption of alcohol and tobacco.[7] Although the colony raised chickens in the beginning, eating any meat except fish was later prohibited. Ogden even said they must stop planting gardens, but they were still permitted to hire out as laborers to local farmers.[10] Ogden received instructions for the settlement through their typewriter as well as in revelatory trips to the top of nearby Shay Mountain.[9] They taught from the Aquarian Gospel and other theosophical works.[10] Them doctrines included reincarnation, communication with the dead, and asceticism. It is said that they claimed to be the reincarnated Virgin Mary, identifying other group members as reincarnations of Brigham Young and the prophet Nathan. However, this was only reported by newspapers and never verified by credible sources from within the commune.[4] Ogden also handled the colony's financial matters.[7] In 1934, they purchased the local newspaper, the San Juan Record, made themselves editor,[3] and added a column in which they promoted their metaphysical ideas.[6] In their first column of “Metaphysical Truths”, printed May 24, 1934, they describe metaphysics as "that division of philosophy which relates to the science of being and to the hidden, or unseen things, which pertain to our spiritual rather than our material, or physical being which we KNOW because we are more conscious of the physical senses we have allowed to predominate. It also embraces that which tells you how the Universe came to being, what composes the Universe, and how life started to manifest on it. As one writer states: 'It's the science of exploring the Universe outside of the Finite.'" [12] Additionally, a column called the “Dry Valley News” gave a summary of the goings-on at Home of Truth. They used the press to print pamphlets about their beliefs to distribute out as well.[4]
All group members were expected to work in common for the settlement. The women did domestic chores, while the men worked the farm[11] and did some prospecting for gold, on a small scale and without much success.[10] Water was scarce, but they installed a windmill-driven water pump and concrete cisterns for irrigating their fields. Members constructed the buildings themselves. There was no electricity or indoor plumbing, consistent with their belief in material simplicity.[7] They also made their own furniture and household goods by hand,[2] supplemented by Ogden's occasional shopping trips to Monticello.[3] Despite this spartan existence, the colony continually added new members, the population growing to around 100 at its height in 1934–5.[8]
Raising the dead [ edit ]
In the beginning, the sect's mostly Mormon neighbors took little notice of the newcomers, generally tolerant of their unorthodox beliefs. Then on February 11, 1935 a member of the group named Edith Peshak died of cancer. They and their husband had joined in search of a promised spiritual cure for their disease.[10] Marie Ogden claimed that Peshak was in a state of purification and could soon be brought back to life. On April 4, 1935, their newspaper column included a section entitled "The Rebirth of a Soul", which detailed Ogden's conversations with the dead woman and their beliefs about raising them from the dead. Ogden still had the corpse, which was being washed three times a day in a salt solution[6] and "fed" milk and eggs by injection.[3] Rumors spread through the Monticello area, and at last the county sheriff came to Home of Truth in June 1935 to investigate the stories.[10] The authorities found Peshak's body well preserved. They decided to allow the colony to keep it, as they determined it was no health threat, and since a number of people in the area had old Indian mummies found in dry caves.[7]
Decline and closure [ edit ]
Over the next two years, as the press continued to publish sensationalized accounts of the events depicting the Home of Truth as a dangerous cult,[3] more than half of the colonists left, disillusioned. In February 1937, Marie Ogden made another announcement that Edith Peshak was about to be restored to life. The investigators returned, insisting that a death certificate must be signed. Ogden continued to claim the woman was not actually dead.[6] After being arrested,[9] Ogden consented to sign the certificate on May 4, 1937, but the authorities still could not find the body.[13] Finally, a former member came forward and confessed to having helped them cremate the corpse shortly after the original investigation,[6] in August 1935.[13] All but seven of Ogden's remaining followers abandoned Home of Truth.[10]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Inner Portal buildings
Left nearly alone, Marie Ogden continued to support themselves by publishing the newspaper and by teaching piano lessons to the children of Monticello.[3] In 1949, Ogden sold The San Juan Record.[4] They eventually moved into the San Juan Nursing Home in Blanding, where they died in 1975.[14] The Home of Truth property was privately sold in the 1970s to prevent the government from seizing it to pay for Ogden's care. Them personal papers and guest register were destroyed just before the sale.[13] A few of their followers continued to live at Home of Truth[6] until September 30, 1977, when the new owners sold the remaining contents of the Inner Portal at auction.[11] All three Portals still held locked, dusty buildings, maintained by a caretaker and surrounded by "No Trespassing" signs.[9]
As of 2008 there is nothing left of the Outer Portal, but buildings still stand at the other two. The property owner has worked to preserve the Inner Portal,[3] and has announced plans to allow public tours once the site is restored.[13] Both remaining Portals are fenced off from the road, and a sign reading "Marie's Place" hangs over the gate to the Inner Portal, on a ridge just north of State Route 211. A small cemetery holds five graves.[15]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Adams, Ingrid (Spring 1989). "Marie Ogden—The Mystery" PDF) Blue Mountain Shadows. San Juan County Historical Commission (4): 62–68 .
Media related to Home of Truth, Utah at Wikimedia Commons
I was reminded of one of my older articles today as I was browsing my Twitter feed. One of the feminist bloggers I follow linked to this article, which discusses the inappropriateness of a baby onesie with a print of a “sexy bikini body” on it.
Now I am personally sexually inclined toward women. I'm not at all blind to women being sexy, but I'm completely baffled as to what makes this particular image inherently and indelibly sexually charged. The secondary sexual characteristics are mild if they're even present. It is simply a graphic of a woman's body in a bathing suit, yet the charges against it are that it is sexually appealing and therefore inappropriately sexualizing young girls who wear it. Of course, seeing as how it will most likely be girls wearing it, this is seen as a normalization of sexual positioning and therefore the beginning of a life-long indoctrination into the sex-class.
We don't ever see articles like this about young boys' clothes because boys' clothes are not tantamount to consent. Even though Spider-Man may wear a costume that enhances their muscles and genitals, a boy wearing the same outfit would not be considered sexualized. A boy in a onesie with a graphic of a muscular adult man would be considered funny because we would see a masculine image depicting strength. Even though people who are sexually inclined toward men are typically attracted to their respective secondary sexual characteristics, their refusal to hide their muscles is not considered a sexual invitation.
Sexualizing young women is wrong, but we're not doing them any favors when we cross the line into slut-shaming. The picture on this onesie is a graphic of a presumed adult woman in pool or beach appropriate attire. A bathing suit is neither an explicit nor implicit statement regarding the wearer's desire for sex but people are taking offense to the graphic on a girl's onesie because when we see adult women not covering themselves up completely, we assume they are asking for sexual attention. Makeup, skirts, bras, and high heels, things women feel pressure to wear to the most mundane occasions, are considered inappropriate on women who are too young to have sex because they're considered sexually inviting. The damage we do to young women is not in allowing them to imitate adult women, the damage we do to young women is when we tell them that looking like an adult woman is the same as flirting.
See also: my original article on the subject, Them lipstick is not your permission
See also: source article, Baby ‘Bikini' onesie from Gordman's has parents outraged.
Advertisements
The Price Is Right Live
The Price Is Right Live™ is the hit interactive stage show that gives eligible individuals the chance to "Come On Down" to win. Prizes may include appliances, vacations and possibly a new car! Play classic games from television's longest running and most popular game show from Plinko™, to Cliffhangers™, to The Big Wheel™, and even the fabulous Showcase.
Playing to near sold-out audiences for nearly nine years, the Price Is Right Live™ has given away more than 10 million dollars in cash and prizes and sold more than 1.2 million tickets.
If you enjoy the rush of emotions experienced while watching the show on television, just imagine the possibilities if you were actually in the audience watching it live.
Enjoy an evening out in downtown St. Petersburg! Head downtown early and have dinner at Bonefish Grill. Want more options? Our We Recommend partners offer a wide variety of cuisines and dining experiences that will complement any show.
Looking for the ultimate in convenience? Have your dinner delivered directly to the theater prior to the show and enjoy dinner in our beautiful waterfront atrium.
New Troublesome Drugs: the Synthetics
by Larissa Velez MD and Fernando Benitez MD
(EM Professors, UT Southwestern Medical Center / Parkland Memorial Hospital)
Edited by Alex Koyfman MD (@EMHighAK) and Stephen Alerhand MD (@SAlerhand)
Over the last decade, there has been an exponential increase in the number of street drugs available. These drugs, all synthetic chemicals derived from older drugs, are much more potent and can vary in their symptomatology. Emergency medicine physicians must know what is being used around their communities, as the ED is often the first line of suspicion when new drugs with new toxicities arise.
The synthetic cannabinoids (K2; spice; incense)
“Spice” refers to a group of synthetic cannabinoids aimed at the CB1 (CB for cannabinoid) receptor, located in the central nervous system (CNS). The CB1 receptor modulates GABA and glutamate neurotransmission. Many of them were developed in the 1990's at Clemson University. They are named in series: the JWH is a series named after investigator John W. Huffman, the HU series developed at Hebrew University by Raphael Mechoulam, the CP series developed by Pfizer, and the AM series were developed by Alexandros Makriyannis. The most common ones found in the USA belong to the JWH series, namely JWH-018.
The synthetic cannabinoids are full agonists at the CB receptors, and, unlike regular cannabis, they do not contain cannabidiol, which has anxiolytic and antipsychotic properties.
Cases of paranoia, extreme agitation, and excited delirium have been reported with the use of these agents. Patients with prior psychiatric disorders are more susceptible to relapses or first presentation of psychotic behaviors. Papanti in 2013, used the term “Spiceophrenia” to describe the psychosis associated with the use of spice. Its incidence is around 11.2% (vs. 2% in THC). It is not dose-related and can happen after only the first use. The condition can last for months so sometimes it requires inpatient psychiatric care. There are also reports of myocardial infarction, seizures, rhabdomyolysis, and acute renal failure. Among the cannabinoid series, the CP series is a much more potent stimulant.
AB-PINACA and AB-Fubinaca, sold under the street name of Cloud9, are both derivatives of JWH-018. They have been associated with sedation and confusion, and not as many sympathomimetic effects. However, these patients also display prolonged hallucinations and psychotic behavior. Cloud9 is sold as liquid, and is sometimes ingested or inhaled in e-cigs (“vaped”). Vaping also helps conceal the possession and use of these agents.
Synthetic drug abuse prevention act // Signed on July 2012 // Made most of them schedule 1 drugs
Synthetic cathinones (Bath salts; “meow-meow”, “plant fertilizer”, “insect repellent”)
These drugs are synthetic derivatives of cathinone, an alkaloid from the Khat plant (catha edulis). They all share a phenylethylamine structure, like the amphetamines. The drugs inhibit the reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine but have no serotonin effects. Bath salts have been called by some “poor man's meth.” As such, they all cause profound, long-lasting agitation. As with the synthetic cannabinoids, the clinical effects can last for days or even weeks.
3,4-Methylenedioxypyrovalerone hydrochloride, or MDPV is the most common of them. It is a derivative of pyrovalerone, which was studied in the 1950s as anorectic agent. In 2010, there were 80 cases reported in the state of Louisiana, and the cases reported to US Poison Centers have only continued to rise since.
Mephedrone (4-Methymethylcathinone or 4-methylephedrone, Meow-meow) is another available synthetic cathinone. It comes as a clear white powder that is usually mixed with water and then swallowed (also called “bombed”). Mephedrone has been associated with severe hallucinations. One of its active metabolites, 4-methylephedrine, is also a potent peripheral vasoconstrictor and is cardiotoxic.
Alpha pyrrolidinopentiophenone (Gravel, alpha-PVP, Flakka) is another cathinone associated with bizarre behavior and excited delirium. The drug is usually concealed as vaping liquid. Its first use in the USA was reported in 2012, with most cases reported in Florida and Texas. The numbers are rising rapidly, with 85 cases in 2014 and 670 reported cases in 2015.
The synthetic hallucinogens
This family of drugs acts mainly on the serotonin receptor, specifically the 5-HT2A. This is the same target receptor where LSD works. The drugs in this group are both sympathomimetic and serotonergic (and certainly more serotonergic than other hallucinogens). Patients present with tachycardia, hypertension, hallucinations, confusion, paranoia, panic, hyperthermia, and seizures. Cases of serotonin syndrome can also be seen after use of these drugs.
Bromo-DragonFLY (BDF; B-fly) has a phenylethylamine structure whose major target is the central 5-HT2A (serotonin) receptor. The structure adds two furanyl rings (“wings on the fly”) at positions 2 and 5 and a halogen (bromine) at position 4. The chemical appearance of the structure is what gives it the name. Use of “B-fly” has been associated with serotonin syndrome, vasoconstriction, and promotion of clot formation (via 5-HT2A on small blood vessels and on platelets).
25I-NBOMe (N-bomb, smiles, new LSD, legal acid, 25I) also shares that same phenylethylamine structure. It was first developed in 2003 by Ralph Heim to help map serotonin receptors in the brain. The drug is often sold in powder form or in drug-infused stamps, just like LSD (Hill, Clin Tox 2013).
Paramethoxymethylamphetamine (PMMA, Superman) is another substituted amphetamine that blocks serotonin breakdown, resulting in serotonin syndrome. The onset of effects can take up to 2 hours, causing people to re-dose. It was linked to drug deaths in the Netherlands in 2015.
The 2C series (2C-T, 2C-E, 2C-I-NBOMe) have been associated with excited delirium, seizures, hyperthermia and aggression. A double carbon link between a phenyl and an amine groups is thought to give it psychedelic hallucinogenic effects.
Management
The initial management of these patients should be geared towards controlling agitation and avoiding any injuries. Very often, these patients will display violent behavior that can pose significant danger to themselves and those around them.
Although sometimes not feasible in the ED due to the level of aggression patients display, verbal de-escalation can be attempted on those patients who are not completely out of control. The process requires several trained individuals, and some practice in listening, communication by one person, setting clear limits, and avoiding provocation (http://westjem.com/articles/verbal-de-escalation-of-the-agitated-patient-consensus-statement-of-the-american-association-for-emergency-psychiatry-project-beta-de-escalation-workgroup.html ).
When verbal de-escalation is not feasible, or does not work, the patients have to be restrained. The process should involve enough trained individuals so the struggle is kept as short as possible. The recommended minimum is 5 – one person per limb and another one monitoring the head and airway.
The first line of drugs should be the benzodiazepines. Initially, intravenous access may be impossible. In those cases, use IM or intranasal midazolam (5-10 mg IM/intranasal or 2.5-5 mg IV). It has fast absorption and a fast onset of action, and very few adverse reactions (Nobay et al, Academic EM 2014). Intramuscular lorazepam is also an option (4-8 mg IM; 2-4 mg IV). Diazepam should only be used IV, as it has erratic IM absorption.
If the patient is displaying paranoia and psychosis, an antipsychotic can be added. Haloperidol is a reasonable choice. Droperidol is another reasonable choice, though it has a black box warning regarding QTc prolongation and Torsade des pointes. In several studies and reviews, it has been proven safe and effective when used in the recommended doses (5-10 mg IM or IV) (Shale et al, J Clin Psych 2003; Calver et al, 2015).
The newer antipsychotics, such as aripiprazole, quetiapine, risperidone, and olanzapine, can also be used. Most of the literature on these agents is based on using them in addition to benzodiazepines. This reduces the dose needed for either medication, while still achieving sedation. However, there is less literature regarding their use for the undifferentiated agitation patient.
There is literature on the use of ketamine for the management of the excited delirium patient. Several reports, mostly in the pre-hospital and military literature, have described the safe and effective use of ketamine. Most EMS systems are using 4 to 5 mg/kg IM (Scheppke et al, WJEM 2014). However, the published literature is still scant. In a resource-sparse environment, ketamine is a quick and seemingly effective choice for controlling patients with extreme agitation. Go here for further discussion: http://www.emdocs.net/ketamine-agitated-violent-patient/
Many of these patients will need airway management. In those cases, try to avoid prolonged periods of apnea, which will only worsen the acidemic state and potentially result in cardiac arrest.
Once an intravenous line is obtained, fluids must be administered, and attention to acidemia, rhabdomyolysis, and hyperthermia must be priorities. Injuries must be identified promptly, and managed. Patients with excited delirium have been noted to progress to cardiac arrest, even after short struggles, so close monitoring is critical. Since many of these patients will have a long duration of symptoms, many will need admission.
References / Further Reading
A Muslim woman was awarded $85,000 by the city of Long Beach Tuesday after they sued the city's police for removing their hijab against their will during an arrest in May 2015.
Kirsty Powell, an African-American Muslim, filed the lawsuit in 2016, causing the Long Beach Police Department to change its policy regarding inmates wearing head scarves due to their religion, according to The Los Angeles Times. Police originally banned inmates from wearing head scarves.
“There really is no justification for taking off a person's religious headgear,” Marwa Rifahie, Powell's attorney, told The Los Angeles Times.
CALIFORNIA BILLIONAIRE ORDERED TO RESTORE PUBLIC ACCESS TO $32.5M BEACHFRONT PROPERTY
Powell was arrested in May 2015 after they and their husband were pulled over by two officers due to the lowrider vehicle they were driving, Rifahie said.
After officers had checked Powell's identification, they discovered they had three misdemeanor warrants on their record. The warrants were for resisting arrest, car theft and petty theft.
Rifahie said their client had no recollection of a warrant being sent out for a petty theft offense in 2002. The other two warrants were apparently not for Powell but for their sister, who falsely utilized their name, the federal lawsuit stated.
When officers went to arrest Powell, they asked them to deploy a female officer to the incident because “physical contact must be done by a woman,” the lawsuit stated.
RESCUERS SEEK TO RECOVER STUDENTS' BODIES FROM CAR IN CALIFORNIA RIVER
The officers declined their request and told Powell to remove their hijab. Powell refused and told them: “that they wear a hijab in accordance with their religious practice and that it is their legal right to wear it,” according to the lawsuit.
After they were booked at the Long Beach police station, officers removed their hijab while in the view of male officers and inmates.
Powell was without their hijab for 24 hours until they were released.
“She was held in the jail overnight, forced to sit in a cell feeling distraught, vulnerable and naked without their headscarf to everyone that passed,” according to the lawsuit. “She cried throughout the ordeal and experienced humiliation when both their religious beliefs and personal integrity were violated. They felt that the male officers and male inmates had seen parts of their body that they should not have seen, according to their religious beliefs.”
Powell contacted CAIR, Council on American-Islamic Relations, following the ordeal. They filed a lawsuit in April 2016 and claimed the city's police violated their 1st Amendment rights and Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. The act “protects individuals, houses of worship, and other religious institutions from discrimination in zoning and landmarking laws,” according to the Department of Justice.
Following the suit, the department changed its policies. Female officers can take off a female inmate's head covering “when necessary for officer safety,” Monte Machit, Long Beach's assistant city attorney, said. The religious head covering would then be delivered back to the inmate.
Afristar Foundation develops educational resources for schools, community programs and adult education in the form posters, educational documentaries and informational booklets. We make use of accessible media to illustrate techniques and principles of sustainability and to spread information in a manner that is fun, colorful and easy to understand. Afristar's poster series have been placed in classrooms across the country, and are used for trainings and workshops; our DVD's take a deeper look into the application of sustainability on the ground, and our booklets form a resource that can be utilized again and again.
Creating these resources is a passion of Afristar's and we are always looking to partner with other organizations, funders and individuals to create a new media campaign. Please contact info@afristar.org if you are interested or would like more information on how to create educational resources to support your program or idea.
A rush hour ban for heavy goods vehicles (HGVs) may not be the answer to improving cyclist safety, a Parliamentary Transport Committee heard yesterday.
London's Cycling Commissioner Andrew Gilligan, along with a transport, academic, London Assembly Member and freight industry representatives, said enforcement of “very very high levels of non-compliance” and stricter standards for lorries in London would do more to improve safety.
Other suggestions were better cyclist training and improved road design, including segregated cycle tracks.
Gilligan, said: “It's finely balanced: an HGV ban in rush hour could have saved two of the 14 cyclists who have died and the other 12 didn't involve HGVs or happened outside rush hour.
“However, there are counter risks, firstly that it would lead to a flood of HGVs onto the streets immediately after the ban, say 9am.”
They also refuted the argument that the Paris rush hour lorry ban has saved lives. They said: “In the four years before it came in (in 2006) there were nine cyclist deaths in Paris, and in the four years after there were 18 cyclist deaths.”
Meanwhile, freight representatives said a lorry ban could increase the cost of living for Londoners.
Jack Semple, of the Road Haulage Association, said: “A peak hour ban would add a minimum of 25-30% to haulage costs in London. It is far from clear as to whether there would be a benefit in terms of road safety outcomes.”
Val Shawcross, Chair of Labour's Transport Committee and member of the London Assembly, said: “The first thing is that [HGVs] should all comply with the FORS [Fleet Operator Recognition] scheme. I'm not sure that [the lorry ban] is a well researched proposal, cyclists do under the wheels of HGV at all times of day. At congested times traffic is very slow and speed is implicated with serious injuries.”
Andrew Gilligan said: “In our recent police operation in London and in our first operations which were a sort of try-out, which took place in Vauxhall a few weeks ago, we've seen really striking levels of non-compliance with HGVs. The majority of lorries at Vauxhall failed to comply with one regulation or another, not necessarily safety critical regulations but there's very very high numbers of non-compliance so it may be that enforcement is something we need to do.”
The Mayor's construction industry standard will be launched next week. At present some construction lorries are exempt from certain mirrors and side bars, which prevent a person being dragged under the vehicle in a collision, and the suggestion is to heavily charge those vehicles entering the city.
Jerry Mclaughlin, Director of Economics for the Mineral Products Association, said there are operators cutting corners. “We welcome the increased and targeted enforcement effort that has been going on over the past couple of months,” they said.
Mike Cavenett of the London Cycling Campaign, said the charity supports a rush hour ban but there is a risk this could mean lifting current restrictions on night time lorry movements, which could affect people's sleep and therefore health. They said: “Most cycle commuters are doing normal commutes to normal jobs. Peak hours for cycling are between 8-10am. If you only allow lorries on the streets when there are fewer cyclists on the roads it would make cycling and walking to work safer but it must not be a trade off for quality of life at other times of day.”
The second session of the Transport Committee will be held tomorrow, where “cycling minister” Robert Goodwill, among others, will give evidence.
Related links
Media are scaring people off cycling says London cycling commissioner
DETROIT -- One day, it's a no-hitter. Another night, a career high in strikeouts.
Right now, Justin Verlander seems capable of something special every time they take the mound.
Verlander struck out a career-high 14 in their latest masterful performance, and the Detroit Tigers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-0 on Saturday night. Less than two months after throwing a no-hitter at Toronto, Verlander is still in a groove. They allowed four hits over eight innings to help Detroit pull into a virtual tie with Cleveland atop the AL Central.
"I feel like I'm throwing the ball really well," Verlander said. "I feel like my fastball control has been outstanding, for the most part, during this stretch. Most of the good games I have are built off of that, being able to locate that and mixing the off-speed off of that.
"I feel like I was able to do that tonight pretty well, keep guys off balance and kind of start to get them guessing."
Verlander (10-3) walked only one batter. In the eighth inning, they reached 100 miles per hour on the stadium scoreboard -- on their 116th pitch.
"He was everything we heard they are," Arizona manager Kirk Gibson said. "We had two chances off him, and they turned it up another notch both times. You just have to tip your cap to him."
Verlander pitched a no-hitter May 7 against the Blue Jays -- the second of their career. In their next start, they reached the sixth inning before allowing a hit, and they took a no-hitter into the eighth earlier this month.
Fans at Comerica Park have become so accustomed to their dominance that there was a quiet but perceptible cheer Saturday when third baseman Brandon Inge was charged with an error on a hard groundball in the third inning, keeping the Diamondbacks hitless.
One out later, Gerardo Parra hit a clean double down the line in right field, but Verlander struck out Ryan Roberts and retired Kelly Johnson on a comebacker to get out of the jam.
That was nothing compared to the eighth inning, when they allowed a walk and a double, then struck out Roberts, Johnson and Justin Upton in succession to keep Arizona scoreless.
"That was pretty incredible," Detroit catcher Alex Avila said.
The sellout crowd came to its feet with two strikes on Upton before the outfielder chased a ball that was low and outside on Verlander's 119th and last pitch of the night.
"I kind of took a minute and took it all in after I struck out the second guy. I just kind of stepped off the mound because it's easy to let your adrenaline get to you in that situation," Verlander said. "That's not often you hear a roar like that. I've heard it a few times in this stadium. I've been through some pretty special moments here, but that was one of the most vocal performances the fans have put on."
Verlander had struck out 13 in a game twice, most recently in 2009. In their last six starts, he's 6-0 with a 0.72 ERA. He's struck out 51 and walked six over that span, which doesn't even include theirs no-hitter.
Every Arizona hitter struck out at least once Saturday. The Diamondbacks fell a half-game behind first-place San Francisco in the NL West.
Arizona rookie Josh Collmenter (4-4), from the town of Homer in south-central Michigan, allowed six runs and 10 hits in six-plus innings. Collmenter walked two and struck out four. The 2007 draftee out of Central Michigan University had plenty of fans in attendance and got a nice cheer when they struck out Austin Jackson, the first Detroit hitter of the game.
Detroit took 1-0 lead in the second when Avila doubled to the gap in right-center. Victor Martinez was able to score from first, sliding home just ahead of the relay.
The Tigers scored four in the fourth. Miguel Cabrera and Martinez led off with singles, Jhonny Peralta hit an RBI double and Avila followed with their 10th homer of the season, a three-run shot that made it 5-0.
Verlander wasn't the first major leaguer to reach 10 wins this season. That honor went to CC Sabathia of the New York Yankees earlier in the day. Verlander did pass "Wild Bill" Donovan to move into 10th place on Detroit's career strikeout list. Verlander now has 1,089. Donovan had 1,079.
Verlander lowered their season ERA to 2.38, and they lead the majors with 124 strikeouts.
Game notes
Avila made an embarrassing out in the eighth when they hit a ball over Parra's head in left field but slowed down rounding first and was easily thrown out at second. "You've got to watch the ball when you're running," Avila said. ... Gibson said before the game they haven't really thought about whether Wily Mo Pena will remain in the lineup for the Diamondbacks' next series, at home against Cleveland. Arizona has been using Pena as its DH in American League ballparks. ... It was the first sellout at Comerica since the home opener. ... On Friday night, Gibson wore the initials of sister-in-law Lori Sklarski on their hat. They have been in the hospital battling a serious illness.
PoliZette Federal Law Enforcement Veterans: Convene Grand Jury Now Report says indictments likely in FBI's Clinton Foundation probe, but experts say Obama DOJ needs to cooperate
The FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation is far more expansive and aggressive than previously thought, Fox News reported Wednesday night.
Fox, citing sources with knowledge of the probe, also reported an indictment of key foundation players is likely.
“We are headed to a constitutional crisis. It's shameful. They think they are going to get away with it. But I think the field agents are going to put a stop to it.”
Advertisement
The potential bombshell report from Bret Baier of Fox News notably did not indicate if a grand jury has been convened as part of the investigation into the foundation.
“It's hard to get an indictment without a grand jury,” Jim Kallstrom, former assistant director of the FBI, told LifeZette.
Law enforcement experts, Kallstrom among them, say a grand jury should be convened immediately in the Clinton case — unless one already exists.
[lz_ndn video= 31359821]
“The evidence is overwhelming,” said Kallstrom.
Advertisement
Kallstrom and Joseph E. diGenova, former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, said the Justice Department and Attorney General Loretta Lynch are both ignoring the evidence, and likely holding up the creation of a grand jury, because Clinton is Obama's choice for president.
The top five officials at the Justice Department, including Lynch, have decided not to pursue the cases — and to accommodate Clinton, according to diGenova.
They cite Lynch's meeting with President Bill Clinton on a Phoenix airport tarmac on June 27. The secret meeting went unnoticed until a local TV reporter spotted it.
[lz_related_box id=”225933″]
“We are headed to a constitutional crisis,” said diGenova on Thursday. “It's shameful. They think they are going to get away with it. But I think the field agents are going to put a stop to it.”
FBI Director James Comey told Congress on Friday that the FBI was relaunching its investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Advertisement
Subsequent news coverage exposed details of a yearlong investigation into the Clinton Foundation, indicating the chief priority for federal agents may not be Clinton's handling of classified material, but rather official corruption between the State Department and their family foundation during their tenure.
A steady leak of emails from Clinton campaign Chair John Podesta, courtesy of WikiLeaks, has shown Clinton definitely met with foundation donors while they were secretary of state — and that top aides considered those donations when making decisions on the meetings.
NEW DELHI: The Indian Railways has replaced bulky, multi-lingual question booklets with online tests for its recruitment process, resulting in a green initiative that has helped saved four lakh trees and 319 crore paper sheets.The three-phase online examination covering preliminary, written and aptitude and typing skill test is a first of its kind for the state-run transporter.Aiming at eliminating the scope for malpractices in its recruitment process, Railways had conducted the world's largest online examination at 351 centres for 92 lakh candidates to fill up over 14,000 vacancies in various categories as part of the ambitious recruitment reforms.Out of the 92 lakh candidates, 2.73 lakh qualified the preliminary exam and were called for online written test for Assistant Station Masters and clerical jobs on January 17-19 this year.Now about 45,000 candidates, qualified for the third and final test, appeared for psychological and typing skill test on June 29 and 30, said a senior Railway Ministry official.Because of the digital transformation, both these tests could be completed in a day each whereas in conventional mode these would have taken about two months time.The online test has resulted in substantial saving of time and resources while at the same time bringing transparency in the recruitment process.Earlier, recruitment examinations used to be conducted manually, but the railways had to abandon the manual system and opt for online mode after a few alleged incidents of question paper leak.Describing it as the "largest online examination in the world", the official said that in order to ensure complete transparency, the railways have introduced the system of showing answer papers online to examinees one week after the examination.About 14,000 selected candidates would be called for documents verification in September and finally they would be joining duties before Diwali this year.
Computer scientists have discovered a weakness in smartphones running Google's Android operating system that allows attackers to secretly record phone conversations, monitor geographic location data, and access other sensitive resources without permission.
Handsets sold by HTC, Samsung, Motorola, and Google contain code that exposes powerful capabilities to untrusted apps, scientists from North Carolina State University said. These “explicit capability leaks” bypass key security defenses built into Android that require users to clearly grant permission before an app gets access to personal information and functions such as text messaging. The code making the circumvention possible is contained in interfaces and services the device manufactures add to enhance the stock firmware supplied by Google.
“We believe these results demonstrate that capability leaks constitute a tangible security weakness for many Android smartphones in the market today,” the researchers wrote in a paper (PDF) scheduled to be presented at next year's Network and Distributed System Security Symposium. “Particularly, smartphones with more pre-loaded apps tend to be more likely to have explicit capability leaks.”
The researchers created a diagnostic app dubbed Woodpecker and ran it on eight smartphones from the four vendors. The most vulnerable was HTC's EVO 4G device, which was found to leak eight functions, including its precise geographic location finder, camera, text message service, and audio recorder. HTC's Legend came in second with six leaks. Samsung's Epic 4G contained three leaks, including the ability to wipe data and applications off the handset. Google's Nexus One and Nexus S contained one leak.
Unlike out-of-the-box iPhones, which allow users to install only apps that have been approved by Apple, the official Android Market performs no security checks on the wares it offers. To compensate, Google built the permission-based security model into the mobile OS to give users control over the personal information apps get to access. Before a new program runs for the first time, it lists the sensitive resources it will access. Users who are uncomfortable with the permissions then have an opportunity to cancel the installation.
The researchers found that the manufacturer-supplied enhancements offer a way to circumvent this permissions-based model. In a video demonstration, they show how an app they designed is able to access audio-recording and SMS functions on an EVO 4G without first getting approval from the user. As a result, the app is able to turn on a recorder that collects nearby audio or phone conversations. The app is also able to send unauthorized text messages.
The researchers said both Google and Motorola have confirmed the vulnerabilities in their handsets, but that HTC and Samsung “have been really slow in responding to, if not ignoring, our reports/inquiries.”
The North Carolina State University scientists are the same team that has uncovered other serious security vulnerabilities in Android-powered smartphones, including the infiltration of at least 12 malicious apps in the Android Market. The data-stealing programs festered there for months and racked up hundreds of thousands of downloads. They were removed only after the researchers alerted Google to their presence.
The researchers say other Android handset models may also be vulnerable to the latest permissions-bypass attack. ®
Follow dangoodin001
A boy looks out at the rising water in the Montreal borough of Pierrefonds on Sunday. (Julie Marceau/Radio-Canada)
Heavy rains for the past several days, combined with melted snow, have caused disruption for families and businesses in Canadian locations including eastern Ontario and western Quebec, the West Island in Montreal and parts of New Brunswick.
Forced from homes.
Members of a family are helped with some belongings in a canoe as part of an evacuation in the Montreal borough of Pierrefonds. As of Monday, more than 1,500 people have been forced out of their homes in almost 150 municipalities across Quebec.
(Graham Hughes/The Canadian Press)
City life at a standstill.
A man places sandbags outside a home in a flooded residential area in Gatineau, Que. Both English- and French-language school boards announced schools in Gatineau would be closed Monday, as were most provincial and municipal buildings in the city.
(Chris Wattie/Reuters)
Perilous waters.
Waters rise along a row of cottages on the weekend in Rockland, Ont., 40 kilometres east of Ottawa. The Clarence-Rockland area was one of the first areas in Central and Eastern Canada ro require assistance due to heavy flooding.
(Submitted by Pierre-Yves Leroux)
Surveying the damage.
Marcel Theriault stands inside their flooded home in Gatineau, Que. Residents, volunteers and officials say they are feeling exhausted after days of battling the ever-rising water in Ottawa and Gatineau in what has become a "historic flood."
(Chris Wattie/Reuters)
Help arrives.
Canadian soldiers inspect a flooded residential area in Gatineau, Que., on May 7. More than 1,500 soldiers were on the ground across the province on Monday, but some community members believe the response was not timely.
(Chris Wattie/Reuters)
The view from the sky.
CBC News took a helicopter ride over Ottawa and Gatineau Monday to capture video of how high the water has risen.
Pump it up, and out.
People in neighbourhoods including Ahuntsic-Cartierville in the Montreal metropolitan area are working around the clock to try and protect their homes. The flooding forced a hospital in Ahuntsic to move dozens of patients to a facility in a nearby town.
(Simon-Marc Charron/Radio-Canada)
In their element.
Water birds found new routes to traverse in parts of the Montreal area, including Rue Cousineau in Ahuntsic-Cartierville.
(Simon-Marc Charron/Radio-Canada)
Water far and wide
An aerial view of the extensive flooding in Vaudreuil, Que.
Welcoming a recession.
The flooded home of Mina Tayarani, who was part of an evacuation after water levels passed the basement and reached over a foot on the main floor, is shown Monday in Île Bizard, Que. Authorities in Quebec were optimistic rising water levels would start to recede by mid-week.
Christinne Muschi/Reuters (REUTERS)
Making the best of the bad.
Across the flood-affected areas in Canada, community members and volunteers were banding together to provide assistance. Here, volunteers were ladling out food at Vaudreuil's city hall for those filling sandbags.
(Kristy Rich/CBC)
Messy in the Maritimes.
The slow-moving weather system hit Ontario and Quebec first, but by May 6 it had reached parts of the Maritimes. Flooding on Route 105 in Sheffield, N.B., near the Saint John River is shown.
(Submitted by Jason McCoy)
Diving goals.
Scuba divers Ed Monat, left, and Joe George surface at soccer goalposts in a field flooded by the waters from the St. John River in Fredericton. The men said they were diving on the soccer field just for fun, but people in the area living near the river and its tributaries to remain on alert in the coming days as water levels are near or above flood stage in many regions.
Story highlights Ron Paul's supporters are avid, even though their chances now are practically zero now
Paul has yet to win a state contest and has amassed only an estimated 76 delegates
Still, supporters believe in the principles and movement they represents
Darryl Williams and Benjamin Kline were shivering before the speech even started, their black umbrella no match for the steady rain and brisk Philadelphia wind. Even as water hit their faces, though, they were smiling, excited at the thought of seeing Ron Paul.
Williams and Kline are true believers. They are two men who in spite of political reality and weather still come out to support their "ideal candidate." They don't care that many have crowned Mitt Romney the presumptive nominee or that it is now mathematically impossible for Paul to win the Republican nomination before the convention. They just know who they support.
"We believe they are the best candidate," Williams said.
Not everyone agrees, though, and the electoral math is against the 12-term member of congress from Texas. On Tuesday, Romney swept Paul in all five states that voted. And even if Paul were to win every single delegate from now until the convention they wouldn't be able to win the nomination, according to analysis by CNN Political Research Director Rob Yoon.
To Paul's most passionate followers, though, it doesn't matter that Paul has earned only an estimated 76 delegates (although their supporters challenge that number), compared with Romney's 841. It doesn't matter that Paul has yet to win a single state.
It doesn't matter, said Kline, "with or without [Paul], the movement is going to carry on."
Kline and Williams are just two of the hundreds of thousands of Ron Paul supporters across the country -- hairstylists, chiropractors, sailors and students -- who have been energized by the member of congress from Texas' third run for the White House. Now, as their chances have all but evaporated -- they are still hoping to challenge the presumptive nominee Romney at the GOP convention in Tampa this summer, but party rules may not even allow their name on the ballot -- a core of fans continues to turn out at rallies, flood internet comment boards and gather in big cities and small towns, to keep the movement alive.
They still believe.
Paul has already announced that they are retiring from the House this year. If they fail to win the presidency, their political career, a career that started in the late 70s, is over. That has left their followers grappling with their unabashed support for the 76-year old doctor and their commitment to the movement.
Once a Democrat, now a Paul fan
Standing under an awning at the Philadelphia rally is Kathy Cahalan, a woman from Clearwater, Florida who for 33 years voted as a Democrat but was so moved by Paul that they re-registered as a Republican so they could vote for them this year. Though they voted for then-candidate Barack Obama in 2008, they said they regret it now.
Cahalan one of a few people who follows the Paul campaign around the country, going to different events in different primary states.
JUST WATCHED Romney declares victory Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Romney declares victory 04:26
JUST WATCHED Gingrich: In their own words Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gingrich: In their own words 03:12
JUST WATCHED Santorum: We worked hard Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Santorum: We worked hard 01:05
JUST WATCHED CNN Comedy: Comic praises Ron Paul Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN Comedy: Comic praises Ron Paul 02:13
Dave Wilcox, a 22-year veteran of the Navy, had met Cahalan earlier in the campaign. As they talk, a young group of supporters walks by chanting "End the Fed," a slogan that has become a staple at a Paul event.
To Wilcox and Cahalan, Paul has become the conduit for a message. Do they respect and admire him? Absolutely. But both say that the movement is bigger than them and will continue when they bow out of politics.
"We are trying to educate the GOP. That is the main message. Once we get back to the Constitution, it doesn't matter who the banner carrier is," Wilcox said, gesturing to the chanting students. "It could be anybody, as long as they hear this message."
Borderline hero worshipers
That attitude contrasts with the eager exuberance of Anastasios Hatzakos, a chiropractor from Easton, Penn.
Listening to Hatzakos talk about where they agree with Paul is like listening to the candidate's greatest hits album. Ending the Fed, cutting the deficit, no foreign entanglements, repealing the National Defense Authorization Act -- Hatzakos mentioned all of them. They went on to say there is not one policy that they disagree with Paul on.
Should they not make the ballot, Hatzakos said, "I would write them in. I would never vote for anyone else, because they are all the same."
While Paul's base is a wide spectrum of support, there are a number of people who would fall into the category of hero worshipers.
In an interview with CNN, Paul says that sort of support makes them uncomfortable.
"I think they over-praise me at times," Paul said. "I keep saying maybe they have been over starved because I don't see my qualifications quite the way they do. They over-praise. It makes me uncomfortable, but obviously it pleases me."
Though many see Paul as the figurehead attached to the movement, Paul says they see their role in a lesser light.
"I am sort of like a spokesperson for them," Paul said. "I don't call them followers. I call them partners in this because they understand the same thing that I understand."
The 'movement' will go on
And Paul believes it is a good thing that the future of the movement is open ended. They say that while they may have truly awakened the movement in 2008, it has been stirred decades ago.
"I don't think anyone knows where it is going and it is good that I don't know that," Paul said. They added that while the movement's future may be unknown, they feel validated by the fact that they draw large, politically diverse crowds in most places they go.
"It verifies what I believe in, and I am convinced of, that freedom brings people together," Paul said. "How we use our freedom, your personal lifestyle may be different, but freedom brings us together."
Like other presidential candidates who have sparked intense passions before them -- Ross Perot, Ralph Nader, Barry Goldwater -- Paul supporters often take what they say as gospel.
Walking around a Paul campaign event is somewhat like a lesson in American political constituencies. Though Paul is a Republican with Libertarian ideals, many of their followers do not fit that mold. There are common Republicans and Democrats who find Paul engaging and of course you find Independents and Libertarians. But you also find a large group of people who identify as members of the Constitution Party, the Green Party and many with no party affiliation.
They have appealed to actor Vince Vaughn -- "his principles are based in fact and logic which is rooted in the foundation of America," said Vaughn -- and singer Kelly Clarkson -- "I love Ron Paul," tweeted Clarkson. Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura, an independent, said, "I want somebody that will shock the status quo, and Ron Paul will do that."
As the primary season rolls on and Paul is still looking for their first contest win, the odds of a Paul presidency look bleak. Paul is also up against an RNC rule, Rule 40, that states a candidate must have received a plurality of votes in five states in order to even be considered at the convention. Paul has yet to receive a plurality in one state.
If not Ron Paul, then who?
Last time around, on June 12, 2008, Paul dropped out of the 2008 presidential race, leaving their supporters to find another candidate. Though Paul went on to support the Rev. Chuck Baldwin of the Constitution Party, their followers dispersed -- some voting for Obama, some for McCain and some not at all.
Looking to the general election, Paul's supporters are skeptical of whom to vote for if Paul doesn't win the nomination.
"If tomorrow Ron Paul says, 'I changed my mind and let's go with Mitt Romney,' I will not do that," said David Chen, a hairstylist from Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
"I really can't say right now," said Daniel Osoreo, a graduate student at New York University. "It is a very difficult choice because I am very loyal to Dr. Paul."
Back near the stage, Williams and Kline are even more soaked than they were before. When asked about the political diversity in a Paul crowd -- their campaign enthusiastically estimated about 4,300 people were at the Philadelphia rally, but on the scene, it appeared the real number was about half that -- Williams says that is the point of Paul's appeal.
"We are too focused on dividing ourselves into little pockets," Williams said. "We are all hyphenated Americans rather than being just Americans. We focus too much on what makes us different."
In George Washington's farewell address, the first president touched upon a trend they were observing in American politics -- the formation of political parties. They saw America dividing into factions, so they warned against it.
"The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissention, which in different ages & countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism," Washington said.
In the eyes of their supporters, Paul is now playing that role of checking the domination by one party over another.
"I think the fire they have ignited is still going to keep burning in the hearts of people who love liberty and this country and are really tired of both sides of the political spectrum behaving in such an extreme fashion," Williams concluded.
Even though the odds are long, the rain is hard and the nomination process is becoming a slog, Paul supporters have their candidate. They may vote for someone else if they drop out, but while Paul remains a presidential hopeful, hope will spring eternal.
Two U.S. Supreme Court justices who effectively endorsed same-sex marriage by officiating at ceremonies will be ruling on whether or not the Constitution gives states the right to ban it.
A newly launched campaign, however, is raising questions about the justices' controversial actions, contending they should recuse themselves from the case.
Arguments and legal briefs already are lining up against each other after the court announced it would review the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals decision that affirmed the right of residents of Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Kentucky to set limits on marriage.
The 6th Circuit opinion, written by Judge Jeffrey Sutton, so far has been the only one of five appellate decisions to affirm the right of states to set standards for marriage, which is not defined in the U.S. Constitution.
But now a campaign by the American Family Association is publicizing the fact that both Justice Elena Kagan, appointed by Barack Obama, and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the longtime leader for progressivism on the bench, have officiated at same-sex ceremonies.
The AFA campaign offers way for citizens to tell their representatives in Congress that the two justices shouldn't rule on the case.
“U.S. Supreme Court Justices Elena Kagan and Ruth Bader Ginsburg should recuse themselves from any cases involving the homosexual marriage issue on the basis that they have conducted same-sex marriage ceremonies,” the campaign letter states.
Kagan performed a Sept. 21 same-sex marriage for their former law clerk, Mitchell Reich, and their partner, in Maryland. Ginsburg performed a same-sex marriage at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., in August 2013, the campaign said.
“Both of these justices' personal and private actions actively endorsing gay marriage clearly indicate how they would vote on same-sex marriage cases already before the Supreme Court,” AFA said.
But there's a simple solution, AFA explains.
“Congress has directed that federal judicial officers must disqualify themselves from hearing cases in specified circumstances. Title 28, Section 455 of the United States Code states ‘any justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States shall disqualify themselves in any proceeding in which their impartiality might reasonably be questioned.'
“Both Kagan and Ginsburg have not only been partial to same-sex marriage, they have proven themselves to be activists in favor of it! … Urge your members of Congress to privately and publicly call on Justices Kagan and Ginsburg to properly and legally recuse themselves from cases involving same-sex marriage.
The Supreme Court did not reply to WND's request for comment on the recusal issue.
Fox News reported Kagan, last September, officiated at the same-sex wedding in Maryland for former law clerk Reich and “husband” Patrick Pearsall.
At the time, Supreme Court spokesperson Kathy Arberg said retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor also had officiated at a same-sex ceremony. The event was held in 2013 in the lawyer's lounge at the Supreme Court building.
NPR reported Ginsburg officiated in August at a ceremony for Michael Kaiser of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and government economist John Roberts.
Herbert Titus, of counsel to the law firm of William J. Olson, P.C., and a nationally recognized constitutional authority, said the concern is not about the retired O'Connor but about the sitting justices.
They said the issue of recusal usually comes up regarding financial conflicts of interest.
If a justice has a financial interest in a company or event involved in a case, they or they are not allowed to rule on it, they said.
However, they said, “I would think on an issue as filled with emotion and conflict as this … that a judge should not have put themselves in a position that either of these judges put themselves.”
Titus said the two justices must have known at the time that it was almost inevitable for the issue to be put to the Supreme Court, “yet they went ahead and put their official imprimatur on same-sex marriage.”
They said the likely response from the justices will be that they believe that they can be neutral on the issue of same-sex marriage.
“It tells you an awful law about the culture,” Titus said. “These people are immersed in the homosexual culture to the point they would step out of their role as a justice to officiate in a wedding that would put them in a position of lending their name and prestige to same-sex marriage when they had every good reason to believe the issue would be before the court,” they said.
They said if the court is able to follow its own precedent, it would rule against homosexual marriage.
“Same-sex relationships were universally condemned by common law as a crime against nature,” they said, describing the court's position over the centuries.
But they said the current “revolution” in the law has changed that.
Among the dozens of groups that already have submitted legal arguments is the Thomas More Law Center.
Chief Counsel Richard Thompson said in a statement released to WND: “The 6th Circuit was the only court of appeals that sustained the will of the people expressed by their overwhelming votes in favor of traditional marriage. And if the Supreme Court strikes down these state laws defining traditional marriage, it will be the worst example of judicial activism since Roe v. Wade. It will lead to further persecution of Christians who oppose same-sex marriage on religious grounds, and over time, the ultimate the demise of marriage and Western civilization as we know it.”
They said the “notion of same-sex marriage has been foisted on our culture by well-planned and executed public relations campaigns and the tremendous influence of militant homosexual activists in the news media, entertainment industry and most academia.”
The justices are expected to hear oral arguments in April, with a decision probably this summer.
The court already has scheduled two-and-a-half hours for oral arguments, up from the usual one hour.
Analysts have said that after previous rejections, the progressives on the court probably decided to take up same-sex marriage after determining they had the votes to affirm it.
But they say that to reach that conclusion, the court would have to find a state has no rational basis for laws defining marriage as a union of one man and one woman, potentially opening up a legal door the justices may not want to open.
For example, critics have noted that once the traditional marriage definition is killed, any other definition, such as “two people,” could likewise be killed with the same arguments. In fact, a justice on the California Supreme Court noted in one opinion it's inevitable that approving same-sex marriage would lead to arguments for incest, pedophilia, polygamy and more.
Broken Contract is a miniature adventure game of dramatic action in a dystopian future. When a crew of indentured miners contracted to an interplanetary mega corporation get pushed to the edge, they decide to lash out against the hired security forces that stand between them and freedom.
Broken Contract is designed for 2 or more players and the average game takes 60-90 minutes. Our goal for this Kickstarter is to raise the funds to release the 32 page softcover Broken Contract Rule Book, along with a bunch of new play aids like the Broken Contract Character Dashboard Set (6 dashboards), the Chit Set (of 30 counters), Critical Successes and Failures Dice Set (4 dice), a 32 card Ability Deck (with 26 new Abilities), a 32 card Equipment Deck (with several cards for new equipment) and a new deck of Blank Character Cards (16 blank Character Cards and 16 blank Character Stat Cards).
The Broken Contract Rule Book comes with the complete rules to the game, quick and easy character and crew creation rules, and three fun introductory scenarios. It comes with all the rules you need to start gaming in the Broken Contract universe.
Broken Contract, as a game, is not just about fighting one another. Achieving your objectives includes classic adventure elements like searching for items, carrying fallen comrades, dive rolling under closing doors, or throwing your enemies down open shafts!
To that end, game play in Broken Contract mixes elements from a variety of board games, RPGs, and miniature wargames to give the players a wide breadth of options within the game. Your chosen character doesn't just have the options to Strike, Shoot, and Walk you will also have reason to Crawl or Dive Roll. In cinematic glory you will Jump over carts and Prone Characters, and even beg for Mercy! to potentially halt an attack. And in most cases a simple roll of the dice will determine your dramatic successes and failures.
Broken Contract is designed to be a scenario driven game with a progressing narrative, where the Breakers try to overtake the Black Squadron Security officers, increase their numbers, acquire weapons and helpful items, and find their way closer to the surface and eventual escape. The Black Squadron officers will endeavor to suppress work stoppage and insurrection before it spreads, often by apprehending the Breakers, sounding alarms, sealing exits, and beating them into submission. You can craft this evolving narrative on your own, with your own scenarios and customized characters, or sit back and rest assured that we will be expanding the Broken Contract universe with a series of supplements based around numerous story arcs, including Loyalist miners, the criminal underbelly within the mines, and, of course, life outside the mines after a successful break attempt. But for now we are focusing on the core rules and getting people playing the game.
Stretch Goals and Add Ons are important to people and I'd like to accommodate our Backers the best I can.
Stretch Goals:
$2750 - The Ash Walker multipart model with two head options and choice of Crowd Control Repeater or Arc Carbine will be rushed to the sculptor and will be added to the campaign as a $8 Add On.
$3500 - A Breaker Gen-Mod modeled after the cover art will be added to the campaign. They will feature a Mining Drill and will be be added to the campaign as a $10 Add On.
If we unlock the first one, I will add a third.
Available Add Ons:
The Breaker Faction Set includes 6 models and 32 cards allowing the player to use the Characters as Adesi Haddonis, Talla Kellerman, Nells Turnbull, Will Kollis, Trest, and Ari Gaylen, including their Equipment and Ability Cards.
The Black Squadron Security Faction Set includes 5 models and 32 cards allowing the player to use the Characters as Naria Anlika, Lamal Tulson, Xer, Wire Billins, and Sarie Moerta, including their Equipment and Ability Cards.
The Kickstarter Exclusive Set includes 5 models and 32 cards allowing the player to use the Characters Grippe Candera, Micha Donnelly, Xavier Hickley, Overseer Smythe, and a Speaker Drone, including their Equipment and Ability Cards.
Additional Add Ons:
Broken Contract Rulebook and Ruler: $15
Dashboard (6) and Chit (30) Set: $12
32 Card Ability Deck: $6
32 Card Equipment Deck: $6
32 Card Blank Character Deck (16 Characters): $6
16 Card Initiative Deck: $3
FerrumSky Ruler: $2
Press
'Let's Play Broken Contract' Guerrilla Miniature Games:
Interview with Skirmish Supremacy Podcast.
Breaker Faction Set Guerrilla Miniature Games:
Black Squadron Faction Set Guerrilla Miniature Games:
Tutorials on how to build your own Broken Contract scenery:
Sweden, it would seem, is doing its darndest to abolish the idea of gender. Their latest effort comes with the introduction of a new gender-netural pronoun, called "hen." But while some see it as a huge victory in the struggle to achieve gender equality, others see it as yet another imposition brought on by the political correctness police.
There's no doubt that Sweden is a rock star when it comes to this sort of stuff. Two years ago the World Economic Forum designated Sweden as the most gender-equal country in the world. It boasts the highest proportion of working women in the world and allow for 480-day parental leaves — of which 60 days are reserved for dads.
Advertisement
And in an effort to work towards yet even greater levels of gender equality, Sweden now wants to do it through the channel of linguistic gender-neutrality. A good number of forward-looking Swedes have determined that government and society should no longer recognize any legal distinctions between the sexes. To that end, they have officially introduced the new gender-neutral pronoun, "hen," to the vernacular. To make it all the more official, they added it to the country's National Encylopedia and defined it as a "proposed gender-neutral personal pronoun instead of they [han in Swedish] and they [hon]."
Swedes figure that the introduction of a gender-neutral pronoun will allow people to avoid having to identify themselves with a particular gender; it will also allow speakers to be sensitive to those people who choose to not have their gender identified. More conceptually, it can be seen as a refinement of the language, an added level of linguistic sophistication. Authors can now refer to a character without having to reveal their gender (whereas in English we tend to use the awkward "they" in its place).
Critics claim that such terminology will only confuse children. The suggestion that there is a "third" gender, they argue, can only disrupt the natural development of their own gender identities. Other critics complain that gender-neutrality is a social hallucination and a bizarre denial of the fact that humans are a gendered species.
Advertisement
While Sweden is certainly a world-leader in this regard, it can be seen as part of a wider global trend toward the achievement of a "genderless" society, or what some call a postgendered society. It can also be interpreted as the ongoing evolution and refinement of language. Words need to change in order to suit ever-shifting normative values and interpersonal sensitivities. We tend to no longer refer to unmarried women as "Miss", for example, nor do we talk about "salespersons", instead referring to "salespersons".
Science fiction fans will of course recall similar attempts to change the language of gender, particularly in those futurist worlds that feature postgendered or uniquely gendered characters. Greg Egan, in their hard SF classic Diaspora, borrowed Keri Hulme's gender-neutral pronouns "ve", "vis", and "ver" to help their uploaded sexless characters get their language right. And in the collaborative Orion's Arm universe, pronouns such as "e", "em", and "eir" are commonly used to avoid confusion in a world featuring not just genetically-altered humans, aliens, and artificial lifeforms, but also characters with other possible genders beyond just male and female.
So yes, you've got it right. Science fiction is always one step ahead of everybody else. Even the Swedes.
Advertisement
Via. Top image via Leklust catalog, Sweden.
Two people have been arrested in the quadruple homicide that took the lives of two women and two children in their upstate New York apartment.
Justin Mann, 24, and James White, 38, were arraigned in Troy City Court around 8.30am Saturday after being arrested Friday night. Both men face four counts each of second-degree and one count each of first-degree murder.
According to CBS 6's Steve Maugeri, both Mann and White have entered 'not guilty' pleas. Their preliminary hearings will be held January 4.
Isaiah Smith, 15, who was not home at the time was the sole survivor of the homicide in Troy.
The teenager's mother Shanta Myers, 36; their brother Jeremiah, 11; and sister, Shanise, five, were found tied up with their throats slashed alongside Shanta's lesbian girlfriend Brandi Mells, 22, inside their basement apartment on Tuesday by the building's property manager, reported Spectrum News.
Troy Police Chief James Tedesco revealed at a press conference on Saturday morning that the crime appeared to have been committed around 9pm on December 21 - meaning the victims had been dead for nearly five days.
Additionally, it was revealed that one of the defendants was acquainted with one of the victims but further information could not be given 'because the investigation is ongoing'.
According to The Daily Beast, Mells was friends with Mann, who has now been charged with killing them and their girlfriend's family.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Justin Mann, 24 (left, center), and James White, 38 (right, in white), were arrested in the quadruple homicide that took the lives of two women and two children in their upstate New York apartment
Mann (front, center) and White (back, in white) face four charges each of second-degree murder and one charge each of first-degree murder
Police say the family appear to have been targeted by Mann (left) and White (right) an unknown reason. The Troy Police Department will hold a press conference with further details about the case at 11am
Both men have entered pleas of 'not guilty' in the murders of Shanta Myers, 36, (pictured left) their lesbian girlfriend Brandi Mells, 22, and Shanta's two children Jeremiah, 11, and Shanise, five, (pictured). They were found tied up with their throats slashed inside an apartment in Troy, New York on Tuesday
Shanta Myers, 36, (left) and their lesbian girlfriend Brandi Mells, 22 (right) were found murdered in what police have described is an act of blatant 'savagery'
Department of Corrections records show Mann was released on parole in June after being convicted of first-degree robbery in 2014. Chief Tedesco revealed that both men had criminal records but declined to comment on their previous charges.
Additionally, The Daily Beast said that Mann was friends with one of the victims, Brandi Mells, prior to the killing.
'I have never seen them before a day in my life, neither of them,' Shanta Myers's nephew, Khalif Coleman, told The Daily Beast. 'But some of my family members recognize them as Brandi's friend. They supposedly always hung out with her.'
District Attorney Joel Abelove said that during the arraignment the defendants were given notices of intent to present the case to a grand jury
Being convicted of the first-degree murder charge comes with a maximum sentence of life in prison without possibility of parole.
Isaiah, the sole survivor of the crime who was away in Massachusetts, said they were scared that the suspects were 'coming for [him] next,' they told the Times Union.
Speaking about the moment they found out about their family they said 'Couldn't believe it. Heartbroken. I fell down to the ground right in the bathroom and cried thinking who would've done this?' reported CBS6.
Before the arrests, their aunt Shakera Symes, the sister of 36-year-old victim Shanta, appealed to the public. 'Give the information to the authorities so that they can help find the person who has destroyed us, emotionally, mentally. It feels like somebody has ripped us to shreds,' they said.
'My sister was supposed to be with me and their children, all three of them for Christmas. And I got robbed of that,' they emotionally told reporters.
Isaiah Smith, the sole survivor of the family, said they were terrified for their safety and is even 'scared to go to the corner store'
11-year-old Jeremiah (pictured left) and their little five-year-old Shanise (right) were also found dead, tied up with their throats slashed
They said them and the rest of the family are completely and utterly heartbroken. 'It feels like somebody ripped us to shreds and we only have each other right now and we are grasping and holding on to each other for dear life.'
Isaiah fondly remembered their younger brother saying they followed them around everywhere. 'It got to the point where I'd be in the bathroom and he'd be on the other side talking to me like 'bro what are you about to do after this?' and I'd be like 'I don't know!'' they joked.
Apparently Jeremiah dreamed of playing for the Boston Celtics in the NBA one day and had also been a member of the Troy Boys & Girls Club for six years.
Shakera Symes (pictured), the sister of 36-year-old victim Shanta emotionally told reporters: 'My sister was supposed to be with me and their children, all three of them for Christmas. And I got robbed of that'
Pictured here are the family members including Isaiah (second from left) their Aunt Shakera Symes (second from right) and their Uncle Khalif Coleman (center)
'He was the quintessential 'Club Kid' who impacted the lives of so many staff members, children and teens, parents and volunteers,' the club said in a statement.
'It will be deeply felt by all their friends at the club and throughout our community.'
Their younger sister, Shanise, had a passion for cooking and apparently was wise beyond their years. 'That girl was like a grown woman in a little body,' their Uncle Khalif Coleman said. 'You ain't telling that girl what to do, they will be in your face.'
Them Aunt Symes said they were going to have the youngster cook spaghetti as part of their Christmas meal. They told Symes 'Auntie I know how to make spaghetti.'
The family - identified as two young siblings, their mother and the woman's lesbian partner - were found bound and with their throats slashed inside an apartment in Troy on Tuesday
The Victory Christian Church of Albany had offered a $5,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest.
Law enforcement sources claim the family appear to have been targeted for an unknown reason, while Troy Police Chief James Tedesco told the paper the murders were an abominable act of 'savagery.'
Tedesco noted the slayings were not a random act of violence and characterized the quadruple homicide as the worst they have seen yet. 'After being in this business for almost 42 years, I can't describe the savagery of this. I don't have the word,' they said.
'There are indications at the crime scene that this was not a random act,' Tedesco told reporters at a news conference Wednesday.
Autopsies completed on Wednesday afternoon are expected to clarify the timeline of attacks and exactly how the victims were killed.
Police found a bloody knife on a ledge near a closet, and a second blade on a bed near the victims, reported they Time Union.
Reportedly, investigators were able to narrow down the list of suspects to Mann and White after reviewing security camera footage from the city of Troy.
Troy Police Chief James Tedesco told the paper the murders were an act of 'savagery'
Troy Police sources said the family, identified as two young siblings, their mother and the woman's lesbian partner, appear to have been targeted for an unknown reason
'The emotions of a police officer is something you repress because there is a job to be done,' Tedesco said.
'But no one involved in this case is ever going to forget it. Right now our job is to bring this person to justice.'
Based on evidence uncovered in the course of the investigation, police do not believe there is imminent danger to the community.
Troy Police Captain Daniel DeWolf said earlier that the deaths were 'certainly suspicious.'
The unit where the bodies were found is one of five in a home located in a residential neighborhood along the Hudson River's east bank, just north of Albany.
By Lyte
TLDR: We believe punishment is most effective when structured towards reform, because other designs often address symptoms, not root causes. Walling off the overflowing garbage room might hide it for awhile, but the smell sticks around and you aren't any closer to having a clean house.
Hey everyone!
We're here to wrap up our Player Behavior dev blog series. We've already discussed reform and reward, and now it's time for punishment. It's important to note that while punishment remains the most obvious way to deal with negative player behavior, we only utilize it in very specific circumstances. We only outright punish players when we're really, really sure (false positive rates below one percent) a punishable offense occurred.
In every other case, we believe punishment should be structured to encourage reform. Drevarius explores an example of that in action with chat restrictions, but first Lyte tackles the core problem with Prisoner's Islands (where negative players are matched with other negative players in a separate queue) and why ranked restrictions don't create one.
Before we dive in, it's that part of the blog where we reiterate our overriding philosophy on player behavior in online gaming: there's no silver bullet. We strive to find a mix including punishment, reform, and positive reinforcement.
Why “Prisoner's Island” is almost always bad for everyone
Prisoner's Island, matchmaking negative players together, is a tempting, obvious solution to combating poor player behavior, but it's ultimately just lazy design that only encourages further negativity. As players are exposed to more negative behavior, they just become more likely to quit playing any particular game--up to 320% more likely, in fact. That old saying about everything looking like a nail when all you have is a hammer applies here; low priority queues can work well in one very specific situation, but that doesn't mean you can extend it to every player behavior problem.
When players know and understand exactly what lands them in the low-priority queue, they also know exactly how to return to unrestricted matchmaking.
We do use low-priority queues in League of Legends with LeaverBuster, a system that recognizes AFKs, leaves, and rage-quits. But even in that situation, as clear-cut as it gets (a player knows when they or they ditched their or their teammates,) we still steer towards reform first.
But if the behavior becomes a pattern, the player is punished with low-priority queues, forced to wait before entering matchmaking.
But what about ranked restrictions? We've seen some players concerned that by removing negatively-behaved players from the ranked queue into normal draft, we're creating a Prisoner's Island and just calling it something else. The key that makes ranked restriction different is that the overwhelming majority of players in normal draft are still neutral to positive. By slowly and intentionally introducing a very small minority of negatively behaved players and keeping them chat restricted during their path back to ranked play, we don't disrupt the queue and players can compete in a more relaxed atmosphere as they work to reform.
With both LeaverBuster and ranked restrictions, social pressure acts as a lever, encouraging reform. We've found the approach of surrounding bad behavior with good influences tends to lead to the best results for improving the experience and helping the community actively reject negative behavior. Next, Drevarius finishes up the series by addressing how chat restrictions fit into our punishment philosophy.
-Lyte
How turning chat into a resource management game encourages reform
Hey everyone! I'm Drevarius, a designer on the team behind chat restrictions.
We wanted to design a system to discourage bad language and outright abusive communications. Again, punishment should encourage reform, so simply muting foul-mouthed players treated the symptom, but failed to create a solution where the player could learn and improve their communication skills. After a number of tests, we landed on chat restrictions, a punishment that hard limits the amount of team-wide chat messages a player can send per game.
Limiting the number of messages a player can send turns chat into a limited resource. This messaging “ammunition” can either go toward useful comms that help coordinate a successful gank or toward flaming an underperforming teammate. Chat restrictions challenge players with a resource dilemma and a moral decision.
Since most players want to win, the clear choice between helpful comms and negativity leads to a substantial reduction in most chat restricted players' negativity. Many chat-restricted players realize using chat positively has an impact on their win rate. Because of this, some chat restricted players even asked to make their restriction permanent! When we compare the old ban-first, ban-later strategy regarding negative language to the new combo of chat restrictions and bans, we've seen 40% more players reform in the new system.
-Drevarius
Why we believe League is only going to keep getting better
League's currently at an all-time low when it comes to AFKs and leavers, and the community's taken a hard stance against racism, homophobia and sexism. Cumulatively, only 2% of games globally include excessive harassment, racist, homophobic,or sexist language.
There's still work ahead, and knowing that you're experiencing something rare doesn't help when it's still horrifying and disappointing to see in game, and we know negative experiences linger in a way positive moments don't.
Moving forward, we want to make it even easier to be positive. We're also making it more convenient to find and play with your friends through expanding Suggested Players and new features like Party Rewards. We're not done yet and we're looking forward to working with the community to make League even friendlier. Good luck, and we'll see you on the battlefield!
Former Georgia Tech basketball standout Javaris Crittenton must remain home every night until their murder trial after allegedly intimidating the prosecutor of their case, a judge ruled Thursday.
And the recording of a jailhouse phone call in which Crittenton claimed to want to beat up the prosecutor was key in the judge's decision to modify the former NBA player's bond conditions.
The 29-year-old Crittenton, an alleged member of the Crips gang, is awaiting trial in the 2011 shooting death of Atlanta mother of four Julian Joneses. He's also accused of shooting at Trontavious Stephens days earlier – both cases of misdirected retribution at a rival gang, authorities said.
Crittenton is charged with murder, felony murder, criminal attempted murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, gun possession during the commission of a felony and participation in a criminal street gang.
In addition to forcing Crittenton to remain in their home from 7 p.m. until 7 a.m. each day until trial, Fulton County Superior Court Judge Shawn Ellen LaGrua ordered them back on a 24-hour ankle monitor. He'd been off the monitor since March.
They also required them to get their permission to travel, and forbade them from coming within 100 yards of the Fulton County courthouse without a scheduled hearing there. They ordered that they be picked up immediately by law enforcement should their ankle monitor indicate any malfunctions or lack of connection.
Following the emergency hearing that ended just before 7 p.m. on Thursday, LaGrua ordered Crittenton to be in their Fayette County home no later than 8 p.m. that evening and to stay there until they could arrange with their attorney Brian Steel to set up the ankle monitor.
“Your actions in this case have been inexcusable,” LaGrua said of the incident and subsequent phone conversation. “Based on the phone call, it was clear that was their intention.”
According to prosecutors, while leaving a Sept. 19 bond hearing for their cousin and co-defendant Douglas Gamble – one in which Gamble failed to have their bond reduced from $230,000 – Crittenton followed and intimidated Gabe Banks, the assistant Fulton County district attorney prosecuting the murder trial.
“He was walking at a heightened pace,” Banks said in the emergency hearing. “At some point, they approached me, squared up on me, looked me up and down. They were no more than five or six feet away from me.”
Standing between Banks and Crittenton was Fulton County District Attorney's Office Investigator Richard Randolph, a member of the agency's gang unit who had been investigating Crittenton since last year.
“He was making a beeline to Mr. Banks,” Randolph said of Crittenton. “Even though I was standing between them, their gaze didn't leave Gabe. They stopped, but they never took their eyes off Attorney Gabe Banks.”
While Randolph and Banks said that multiple people tugged at Crittenton to stop the encounter, Crittenton's uncle Thomas Dobbs testified that they were the only person to gently pull their nephew's arm to get them to walk away.
“His grandmother asked me to go and get them because they didn't want them to get on that elevator with them,” Dobbs said.
But assistant district attorney Sheila Ross played for the court a phone conversation recorded between Crittenton and Gamble later that night while Gamble was still in the Fulton County Jail.
“I wanted to beat the (expletive) out of the DA … right there in the hallway,” a voice identified as belonging to Crittenton could be heard saying in the recording.
Steel acknowledged that their client's words were troubling, but told the court that Crittenton ultimately didn't follow through.
“I heard that tape this morning and I did not hear what I wanted to hear,” Steel said. “But they stopped himself. Nothing happened.”
Ross had filed a motion requesting that Crittenton's $230,000 bond be revoked.
A time for Crittenton's trial has yet to be determined.
Crittenton was allegedly armed with a high-powered rifle on Aug. 19, 2011, the night Jones was shot.
They were arrested several weeks later in Los Angeles and later released on bond.
Steel has proclaimed their client's innocence since their arrest.
Police said Jones was struck by two of four high-caliber assault rifle bullets fired during the shooting – one of those bullets shattering their pelvis and thigh and fatally severing their femoral artery.
Five days before Jones' death, a gunman fired on, but missed, Stephens from the driver's seat of a Porsche. Prosecutors believe that gunman was Crittenton.
Both on the night of Jones' death and on Aug. 14, when a gunman shot at Stephens, prosecutors said Crittenton was gunning for their brother, DeMontinez Stephens, a member of R.O.C. Crew, a local set of the Bloods gang.
Prosecutors said Crittenton was robbed at gunpoint by a rival gang member in April 2011 of more than $55,000 in jewelry, including a diamond watch, diamond necklace and iPhone.
Chattanooga Police Chief Fred Fletcher has given a maximum punishment to an officer who fired four shots toward a vehicle after they said the driver backed into their vehicle with them standing behind it.
Chief Fletcher sustained a finding of “improper use of force – discharge of firearm.” They suspended Officer Alex Olson for 30 days without pay – the maximum suspension allowed by city of Chattanooga ordinances.
Attorney Stevie Phillips of the firm of Davis and Hoss said, "Officer Alex Olson made a split-second decision to use force against a suspect who was trying to evade them in a car, carrying a gun, and who then rammed Officer Olson with their car. The Chattanooga Police Department charged this violent criminal with the aggravated assault of Officer Olson, which a Judge found sufficient evidence to support.
"The Fraternal Order of Police and many veteran members of the Chattanooga Police Department support Officer Olson's actions.
"The decision to punish Officer Olson is not supported by federal law or policy. We can either allow individuals to drive on Chattanooga streets with guns and assault officers in their vehicles or support the officers who try and stop this type of criminal behavior.
"Davis & Hoss will fight to reverse this decision which we have done many times in the past. Officer Olson has an impeccable service record and was doing their job for the citizens of Chattanooga. Let's prosecute the violent criminals, not persecute the officers who arrest them."
Police said, "On Oct. 5, 2014, Officer Olson was involved in an Officer Involved Shooting (OIS) in which no one was harmed. Following the incident – as with every firearm discharge outside of training – the Chattanooga Police Department initiated an administrative (non-complaint) investigation by Internal Affairs to review the officer's actions. Per policy, Officer Olson had been placed on administrative (paid) leave performing non-law enforcement duties during the investigation."
Police said Chief Fletcher made their finding "after a complete review of the investigation – which included recommendations from Internal Affairs, the Administrative Review Committee and Officer Olson's chain of command."
Chattanooga Police charged 20-year-old Luster Dewayne Deloney in the incident in Brainerd. Deloney, of 3805 Mark Twain Circle, was charged with evading arrest, DUI, reckless endangerment, driving on a revoked license, a stop sign violation, aggravated assault and improper backing of vehicle.
Police said Officer Olson spotted a Nissan Altima run a stop sign on South Seminole Drive at Navajo Drive. The officer followed the car to the dead end of Windsor Court. They said they got out of their vehicle and was behind it when the driver backed into the patrol car, causing heavy damage.
Officer Olson then fired four shots at the Nissan, including one that blew out a tire.
The officer said the driver backed up aggressively for a long distance before driving off.
The vehicle was later found behind an apartment building on Pinewood Avenue with several bullet holes in it.
An officer saw Deloney and Derrick McKinney on foot a short time after the incident, but did not know they were involved. Police said McKinney was a passenger in the vehicle.
Deloney later came in and gave a statement, saying they were not in Brainerd at the time.
Although the pornography industry reportedly generated a staggering $10 billion per year at one point, the blue movie biz may be plagued by the age-old looming specter of racism. Based on the accounts of a popular White starlet, the industry's leaders are older White men who feel that actores lessen their value when working with Black male actors.
SEE ALSO: The Rock Is Ready To Roll As Wrestlemania Nears
Aurora Snow, a 12-year veteran, wrote an op-ed last month for “The Daily Beast” explaining the machinations of racism in the business. In the piece, Snow recounts a time where an agent warned them from working with African-American men onscreen.
An excerpt from Snow's op-ed
When I first got into the adult-film business about 12 years ago, one of the most confusing things my agent asked was whether I “did interracial.” I was completely baffled. So the old man clarified: “Do you do black guys?” I was shocked at what seemed a racist question. As I sat on their dusty couch in a small, smoke-filled office, it suddenly felt like I was in another era: the black-and-white one.
“The Root” hopped in on the debate by bringing into the conversation African-American male performer Lexington Steele, a former stockbroker and one of the most popular adult entertainers ever. Their take on the industry's supposed racist practices supports what Snow wrote, adding that it doesn't begin with the actores themselves.
SEE ALSO: Beyonce Looks Into Them Past For Pepsi
Lexington Steele told “The Root”:
It's definitely something that exists, and I think it's something that's built within the fabric of the industry, because if you look at the individuals that are in positions of authority over some of the white females, the ones governing them are the ones implementing this practice of no interracial. It's their managers, boyfriend or husband or family members. It's just an element of American culture that still exists, and that is the feeling that a white female will be deflowered or soiled, if you will, by doing a scene with a black male. But that does speak to the continued existence of bigotry and racism, and I don't think porno is unaffected by certain elements of American culture. And quite honestly, adult media is the only major business that allows for the practice of exclusion based upon race.
SEE ALSO: Did GLAAD Snub Obama For Clinton?
Steele's insider observation is of particular interest, considering they exist in a rarefied position as a Black man who is the owner of an adult film company and director. Coupled with the fact they are the only person to win Adult Video News' (AVN) coveted “Performer Of The Year” award three times, Steele's take comes with measurable weight.
Snow mentions in their piece that a lot of White actores may be put off by the size of male performers' members stating, in their words, that some of the men are “intimidating” in that regard. Both Steele and Snow seem to agree that racism is perpetuated in the business by those who hold on to the archaic notion that the “big Black Mandingo” is corrupting the innocent White princess with their sexuality. The dangerous point is that the industry's moral compass is already skewed, according to most critics.
Does racism add to that questionable balance of said morality or does it sully an industry still trying to define its place in the mainstream conversation?
Also On News One:
All three B.C. provincial parties have pledged to fund the region's transit
Eighth in a series of Black Press B.C. election coverage leading up to May 9
Metro Vancouver is hoping that the May 9 provincial election will pull the region – and its commuters – out of the gridlock it's been in for years.
The mayors' council and the incumbent B.C. Liberal Party have clashed repeatedly over how to fund Metro Vancouver transportation – a sector that both levels of government agree needs an upgrade.
READ: SkyTrain, SeaBus service improves with first big TransLink upgrade in a decade
Much of the back-and-forth has been over how to pay for the mayors' 10-year plan.
WATCH: UBC prof says urban sprawl a growing Lower Mainland problem
“The longer we wait to implement it the more the costs are going to come up,” said New Westminster Mayor Jonathan Cote. “It's [a] three-per-cent cost inflation every year on a billion dollar plan. That's the cost of delaying.”
The BC Liberals have pledged to match Ottawa's $2.2-billion commitment to Metro Vancouver transit. Part of that cash is meant to fund two rail corridors: the Broadway Millennium SkyTrain expansion in Vancouver and Surrey light rail.
Both projects are part of the mayors' council's 10-year plan for transportation in the region and it's one place where the mayors and the Liberals don't clash.
The same can't be said for the Massey Tunnel replacement. Protests interrupted the groundbreaking for the project earlier this month. Of the Metro mayors, only Delta Mayor Lois Jackson has spoken up in support.
READ: Massey Tunnel unsafe for crash responders
“The corridor between Delta and Richmond needs to be looked at no doubt,” said Cote. “The big concern from mayors is that the billion dollar project seemed to jump the queue and get to the top of the list.”
The contention over the Massey has become a rallying point for the NDP and the Green Party.
READ: New Massey Bridge gets environment assessment approval
NDP leader John Horgan has said they would be ready to stop work on the Massey Bridge, citing the lack of support from the region's leaders. The Greens have committed to “suspend[ing] work on the Massey Tunnel replacement pending a comprehensive and transparent review of alternatives.”
Besides the Massey replacement, the Green Party has remained largely quiet on Metro Vancouver transit but they have pledged to match federal funding for the 10-year vision. They've also proposed tolling gas or diesel vehicles or implementing a carbon-pricing scheme.
For their part, the NDP have promised to fund 40 per cent of the capital costs of every phase of the mayors' vision. Both they and the Greens also vowed to get rid of the referendum requirement for any new TransLink revenue sources imposed by the Liberals. In 2015, Metro Vancouver voters said no to a 0.5-per-cent tax increase to fund TransLink.
Cote believes that requiring a referendum slows down progress on transit in the region.
READ: John Horgan promises no bridge tolls and better jobs at NDP campaign kickoff
“I think we have a really excellent opportunity to leverage the billions of federal dollars for transit,” they said.
Currently, the Massey Bridge is set to be a toll bridge – as is the upcoming Pattullo Bridge replacement. Speaking earlier this year, then-transportation minister and current Liberal MLA Todd Stone said that the province would need to review its tolling policy if the Alex Fraser became the only free crossing of the Fraser River.
Cote is insistent that the tolling system needs a rework.
“The Patullo Bridge is up 20,000 vehicles a day since they put the toll on the Port Mann Bridge,” they said. “We're hoping to launch an independent commission on mobility pricing. What are the different options available?”
Despite the focus on the big projects like the Massey, tolls and light rail, Cote is looking for a governing party that can work holistically on transit issues.
“It's important to recognize that [the] transport plan is more than just those projects,” they said. “It involves bus services, SkyTrain upgrades and HandyDart, too.”
The Double Ply Belt is 1.5" wide and perfect for carrying a handgun. It is designed to be sturdy and rigid, creating the ideal foundation needed. Each is handcrafted in the USA using Premium Water Buffalo leather and is available in sizes from 30" to 44". The Double Ply Belt features include:
DOUBLE PLY LEATHER Designed to be used to carry a handgun, our Double Ply Leather Belt is exceptionally sturdy and ridged to do just that, yet elegant enough to be worn as a dress belt.
HEAVY-DUTY NYLON THREAD We believe in creating leather products that will last for years. That's why any leather product we make uses Nylon thread.
(7) ADJUSTMENT HOLES (7) adjustment holes have been incorporated into this belt. Each hole is (1) inch apart from the next, allowing the user to make easy adjustments to their desired fit. From the end of the belt (buckle side) to the center hole marks the size of the belt. That means that the user has (3) inches of adjustment both in and out.
REMOVEABLE BELT BUCKLE Although the buckles that we include on our belts are very nice and of high quality, you may be wanting to add your personal touch to your new belt. That is why we have designed this belt with metal snaps so that you can change this our easily.
NICKEL SNAPS & BELT BUCKLE We use Nickel plated snaps and buckles because not only are they appealing to the eye but they are also non-corrosive and irritating to the skin.
The XF 27 is an all-purpose lens, it's wide enough for street photography, but it's tele enough for portraits as well... It's everything the XF 35 is, but more versatile (maybe). My sole purpose of buying it was because Fujifilm has yet to make a smaller, cheaper XF 23 so I figured for the price point this would do. For those wondering, I was able to pick this lens up during the Fujifilm rebate special, so it was only $249, at that price it's worth it alone to have on hand as a backup, but for those who are looking at it while it's $449 and are debating if it's worth the price then my honest opinion would be to wait it out. It's not that it's a bad price, it's just if I had to pick, and versatility was my deciding factor than the XF 35 would be a better decision as it's sharper and faster... In terms of the lens, it's a specialty lens, and as of now, it's probably my most used lens given what I do on a day-to-day basis. It's definitely a workhorse, it's solidly built and it's everything you'd expect from an XF lens. Fujifilm is set to release a smaller XF 35, with an aperture of f/2... I'll be honest I'm interested in the lens, simply because I know it will focus faster than my current XF 35, but the extra 10mm on the wide end will probably result in the XF 27 taking the cake at the end of the day.
The Fuji XF 27mm f/2.8 is available for purchase at Amazon.
Like the First Impression's series?
To keep this series afloat we need as much help from you, the viewers, as possible. To help out you can do one of the two; When you shop on Amazon just use the link here, we get a small commission for every purchase you make. For those who want to contribute directly then you can also donate by clicking the button below! Thanks in advance.
Women In Prayer Shawls Detained At Judaism's Holiest Site
toggle caption Jim Hollander/EPA/Landov
Police in Jerusalem on Monday detained 10 women for wearing the tallit, a Jewish prayer shawl traditionally worn by men, while praying at the Western Wall.
The Women of the Wall have been fighting for years for permission to worship in the manner that men do at the Western Wall, the holiest site in Judaism for prayer. The stone structure is part of the retaining wall that surrounded the Second Jewish Temple, which was destroyed by the Romans in A.D. 70.
Men and women both pray at the wall, but in separate sections and under rules set by the Western Wall Heritage Foundation, a body appointed and funded by the government. It is headed by an ultra-Orthodox rabbi, Shmuel Rabinowitz.
Frequent Protests
Many of the women at the wall Monday gather regularly on the first day of the Jewish calendar month to pray — and just as regularly, police detain them.
Women are not supposed to wear religious items such as prayer shawls at the Western Wall — or at least that's how the rabbi in charge interprets it, and police enforce their decision.
But Anat Hoffman, the leader of Women of the Wall, disagrees.
"Secular Israel, the democratic, Jewish state of Israel, has taken the keys to the holiest site of the Jewish people, and given it to one rabbi, who belongs to less than 8 percent of Israel's population," they say, referring to the country's ultra-Orthodox Jews.
Hoffman had a male friend sneak in the prayer shawls. In the past, police have confiscated them. Then they and their supporters entered the women's section, donned their shawls, and began to pray.
The security force for the site moved in quietly and told some of the women to come with them. But the women refused, and sat on the ground.
Police have arrested women for donning prayer shawls at the wall in the past, but left them alone for the time being.
On the men's side of a mesh barrier, some male supporters chanted along with the women. But one man began yelling at them, saying Reform Jews don't belong at the wall — Israel's ultra-Orthodox do not recognize more liberal strains of Judaism.
Prominent Male Supporters
The women continued praying for a solid hour, glad to have gotten so far. The group believes the police held back because six former Israeli paratroopers showed up in support.
They included men like Yitzhak Yifat, who helped take back the wall, which was under the control of Jordan for nearly two decades before Israel took it in the 1967 Six-Day War.
But once the crowd of supporters and media dispersed, police stepped in and grabbed 10 women, including Susan Silverman, the sister of American comedian Sarah Silverman, and Lior Nevo, a rabbinical student.
"I don't know, apparently I'm not being arrested," Nevo said, as they were being led away. "I don't know, they haven't told me anything."
Police said the women were being "detained" for disturbing the peace by wearing the tallit at the wall. One concern is protecting the sensitivities of the many ultra-Orthodox who pray at the Western Wall — including many women. One woman, who would not identify herself, says devout Jews follow the teaching of their rabbis.
"This according to the Torah is not correct," they say. "Just because a few women decide to do it because it makes them feel better, because it makes them feel more important?"
After a circuitous court battle, the Women of the Wall have been offered an alternative site for worship away from the wall proper, something they refer to as "the back of the bus with new upholstery."
The rabbi in charge of the wall hasn't budged, although police did refrain on Monday from carting women away during prayer. The Israeli Parliament has basically punted on the issue.
Meanwhile, the Women of the Wall say they'll be back next month to try again.
Blue Cross praised employees who dropped sick policyholders, lawmaker says
Workers received high marks on performance reviews after policies were rescinded, documents show. The health insurer denies the practice is a factor in evaluations.
It also found that policyholders with breast cancer, lymphoma and more than 1,000 other conditions were targeted for rescission and that employees were praised in performance reviews for terminating the policies of customers with expensive illnesses.
An investigation by the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations showed that health insurers WellPoint Inc., UnitedHealth Group and Assurant Inc. canceled the coverage of more than 20,000 people, allowing the companies to avoid paying more than $300 million in medical claims over a five-year period.
The hearing on the controversial action known as rescission, which has left thousands of Americans burdened with costly medical bills despite paying insurance premiums, began a day after President Obama outlined their proposals for revamping the nation's healthcare system.
Executives of three of the nation's largest health insurers told federal lawmakers in Washington on Tuesday that they would continue canceling medical coverage for some sick policyholders, despite withering criticism from Republican and Democratic members of Congress who decried the practice as unfair and abusive.
"No one can defend, and I certainly cannot defend, the practice of canceling coverage after the fact," said Rep. Michael C. Burgess (R-Tex.), a member of the committee. "There is no acceptable minimum to denying coverage after the fact."
The executives -- Richard A. Collins, chief executive of UnitedHealth's Golden Rule Insurance Co.; Don Hamm, chief executive of Assurant Health and Brian Sassi, president of consumer business for WellPoint Inc., parent of Blue Cross of California -- were courteous and matter-of-fact in their testimony.
But they would not commit to limiting rescissions to only policyholders who intentionally lie or commit fraud to obtain coverage, a refusal that met with dismay from legislators on both sides of the political aisle.
Experts said it could undermine the industry's efforts to influence healthcare-overhaul plans working their way toward the White House.
"Talk about tone deaf," said Robert Laszewski, a former health insurance executive who now counsels companies as a consultant.
Democratic strategist Paul Begala said the hearing could hurt the industry's efforts to position itself in the debate.
"The industry has tried very hard in this current effort not to be the bad guy, not to wear the black hat," Begala said. "The trouble is all that hard work and goodwill is at risk if in fact they are pursuing" such practices.
Rescission was largely hidden until three years ago, when The Times launched a series of stories disclosing that insurers routinely canceled the medical coverage of individual policyholders who required expensive medical care.
Sassi said rescissions are necessary to prevent people who lie about preexisting conditions from obtaining coverage and driving up costs for others.
"I want to emphasize that rescission is about stopping fraud and material misrepresentations that contribute to spiraling healthcare costs," Sassi told the committee.
But rescission victims testified that their policies were canceled for inadvertent omissions or honest mistakes about medical history on their applications. Rescission, they said, was about improving corporate profits rather than rooting out fraud.
"It's about the money," said Jennifer Wittney Horton, a Los Angeles woman whose policy was rescinded after failure to report a weight-loss medication they were no longer taking and irregular menstruation.
"Insurers ignore the law, and when they find a discrepancy or omission, they rescind the policy and refuse to pay any of your medical bills -- even for routine treatment or treatment they previously authorized," Horton said.
Despite the likely demise of the latest Republican health care bill, it achieved one stunning feat: it united patient advocacy groups and most of the health care industry in opposition to it.
Four Republican senators have declared their opposition to the bill, one more than is needed to defeat it. Some of them were no doubt swayed by the size and diversity of groups that quickly stood up to oppose the legislation. Hospitals joined ranks with insurance companies, while insurers banded together with patient groups like the AARP. The legislation sponsored by senators Lindsay Graham, Bill Cassidy, Dean Heller and Ron Johnson was so objectionable that these disparate groups found common cause in opposing the bill.
Below, we list those we've been able to identify as for and against the bill. Conservative religious and anti-abortion groups favored the bill because it prevented people on Medicaid from using their insurance at Planned Parenthood clinics and prevented health care plans sold on the federal health care marketplace from covering abortion beyond existing limitations. This list is not complete, and we invite organizations that would like to be listed to contact us here.
Organizations 5 Support Christian Coalition of America Family Research Council Independent Women's Voice National Right to Life Susan B. Anthony List Have we missed any? Let us know 114 Oppose Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America AARP Adult Congenital Heart Association ALS Association Alzheimer's Association Alzheimer's Impact Movement Academy of Nurtition and Dietetics America's Essential Hospitals America's Health Insurance Plans American Academy of Family Physicians American Academy of Pediatrics American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network American College of Cardiology American College of Emergency Physicians American College of Physicians American College of Preventive Medicine American College of Rheumatology American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists American College of Surgeons American Diabetes Association American Foundation for the Blind American Health Care Association American Heart Association American Hospital Association American Liver Foundation American Lung Association American Medical Association American Nurses Association American Occupational Therapy Association Academy on Violence and Abuse American Osteopathic Association American Psychiatric Association American Psychological Association American Public Health Association American Society for Addiction Medicine American Society for Radiation Oncology American Society of Clinical Oncology American Speech-Language-Hearing Association Amputee Coalition Arthritis Foundation Association for Community Affiliated Plans Association of American Medical Colleges Association of Oncology Social Work Association of Public Health Associations Association of University Centers on Disabilities Autism Society Autism Speaks Autistic Self Advocacy Network Big Cities Health Coalition Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Cancer Support Community CancerCare Catholic Health Association Center for Medicare Advocacy Children's Hospital Association Coalition to Stop Opioid Overdose Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities COPD Foundation Crohn's & Colitis Foundation Cystic Fibrosis Foundation The Deadliest Cancers Coalition Disability Rights Legal Center Epilepsy Foundation Families USA Family Voices Federation of American Hospitals Fight Colorectal Cancer HIV Medicine Association Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Association Infectious Diseases Society of America International Myeloma Foundation JDRF Kaiser Permanente Living Beyond Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Alliance Lutheran Services in America Lymphoma Research Foundation March of Dimes Medicare Rights Center National Association of County and City Health Officials National Association of Medicaid Directors National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners National Association of School Nurses National Association of Social Workers National Brain Tumor Society National Center for Assisted Living National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship National Comprehensive Cancer Network National Council for Behavioral Health National Foundation for Transplants National Down Syndrome Congress National Health Council National Institute for Reproductive Health National Kidney Foundation National Multiple Sclerosis Society National Organization for Rare Diseases National Patient Advocate Foundation Ovarian Cancer National Alliance Pediatric Infectious Diseases Society Planned Parenthood Prevent Cancer Foundation Prevention Institute Public Health Institute Pulmonary Hypertension Association Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Sara Collins, The Commonwealth Fund Sarcoma Foundation of America Susan G. Komen The Arc The Children's Cause for Cancer Advocacy The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Trust for America's Health Volunteers of America WomenHeart
24 Republican Senators Support, 4 Oppose
In sharp contrast to the organizations above, more Republican senators have supported the bill than oppose it. Many senators have not publicly commented on the bill, or have indicated they are undecided. Senator Susan Collins of Maine announced Monday they would vote against the bill, joining three other senators who also oppose it.
Republicans need 50 votes to pass the bill — including a tie-breaker from Vice President Mike Pence. That means that they can only afford to lose three Republicans. (All Democrats are expected to vote against the bill.) Recent changes to the bill might entice hesitant senators to support the bill by providing more money to states like Alaska.
Republican Senators 24 Support Sen. Bill Cassidy, La. Sen. Bob Corker, Tenn. Sen. Charles Grassley, Iowa Sen. Dan Sullivan, Alaska Sen. Dean Heller, Nev. Sen. James Inhofe, Okla. Sen. Jeff Flake, Ariz. Sen. John Barrasso, Wyo. Sen. John Cornyn, Tex. Sen. John Hoeven, N.D. Sen. John Neely Kennedy, La. Sen. John Thune, S.D. Sen. Lamar Alexander, Tenn. Sen. Lindsay Graham, S.C. Sen. Mike Rounds, S.D. Sen. Mitch McConnell, Ky. Sen. Pat Robets, Kan. Sen. Richard Burr, N.C. Sen. Richard C. Shelby, Ala. Sen. Ron Johnson, Wisc. Sen. Roy Blunt, Mo. Sen. Steve Daines, Mont. Sen. Tim Scott, S.C. Sen. Tom Cotton, Ark. 4 Oppose Sen. John McCain, Ariz. Sen. Rand Paul, Ky. Sen. Susan Collins, Maine Sen. Ted Cruz, Tex.
16 Republican Governors Support, 8 Oppose
More Republican governors have also publicly supported the bill than have opposed it. Their support is important because it could influence how senators vote on the bill.
Earlier this month, Senator John McCain of Arizona said that they would base their decision on the views of their state's governor, Doug Ducey. But when Mr. Ducey supported the bill, Mr. McCain decided to vote against it anyway, arguing that they wanted lawmakers to come up with a bipartisan health care bill. Alaska's governor, Bill Walker, an independent, is also opposed to the bill. That could help sway Senator Lisa Murkowski, who has not yet said how they will vote.
A New Way to Look at the Old Universe
An international team of astronomers has broken the record for detecting the signals emitted by hydrogen gas. They have detected signals from a galaxy more than five billion light-years away, nearly double the previous record.
The team used the Very Large Array of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in the US to observe the radio emission from hydrogen of the distant galaxy.
Since it is in the greatest abundance in the galaxy, hydrogen is used by radio astronomers to detect and understand the makeup of other galaxies. However, radio telescopes have only been able to observe hydrogen emission signatures from nearby galaxies. That is until the VLA received upgrades.
CHILES Survey Collected Data That Makes a Difference
The study, published in Astrophysical Journals, is part of the “COSMOS HI Large Extragalactic Survey', or CHILES survey. Once completed, the CHILES survey will have collected data from more than 1,000 hours of observing time.
By Dan
Whip out your Will Smith style windbreakers, and throw on some Mariah Carey while you wait for Xena to come on, because apparently it's 1995!
The government has shut down for the first time since 1995, and it looks like it's going to end the same way as it did last time around — With republicans getting all the blame and forfeiting the next year's elections, and possibly further, to the Democrats.
And Republicans absolutely should get the blame on this one. I've done a lot of GOP-bashing on this blog (and rightfully so), but I will concede that sane Republicans can have valid arguments when it comes to certain fiscal debates.
In this case, though, Republicans have just turned into a bunch of whiney, incessant sore losers.
If you don't know why the government has shut down all of the sudden, here's a quick recap:
2009 – President Obama and the Democrats passed and signed the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) on a strictly partisan vote
Since 2009 – Republicans have tried to repeal/defund Obamacare 42 times (all failing); Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate for president in 2012, ran on a platform to repeal Obamacare on “Day 1.” They lost by 3.5 million votes.
Sidebar: Obamacare was upheld in a conservative
supreme court ruling in the summer of 2012.
Monday (September 30th) – Republicans refused to pass a continuing resolution, which would fund the government at it's current rates, unless the Democrats and President Obama agreed to defund or delay the implementation of Obamacare.
Tuesday at 12:01 a.m. – The Democrats grew a spine.
So here we are. The government is shut down. That means all national parks, museums, and national mall memorials are closed, and you currently don't have anyone inspecting your food and drugs at the FDA. Nor is there anyone at the CDC trying to prevent any outbreaks of deadly diseases. But for more info on how the shutdown affects you, go here.
When the government finally gets back “up and running” at it's snails pace of passing laws and continued political posturing, every talking head (including yours truly) will continue to discuss how this is only bad for the Republicans. Not only did they not learn from 1995, but they doubled down on their terrible decision. That's like Mark Sanchez's buttfumble, followed by Sanchez using that in an audition tape for another team.
The shutdown did not look quite as likely a few months ago. It wasn't until guys like Ted Cruz started talking to their constituents about “standing up to Obamacare” during the August congressional recess that it seemed more and more likely.
Ted Cruz decided to “filibuster” in the Senate leading up to the shutdown, continually shitting on Obamacare for an impressive 20 hours. They had some hilarious quotes, most notably when they used the Dr. Suess classic “Green Eggs, and Ham” as an analogy, and the meaning of the children's book was completely lost on him.
Sometimes I wish I lived in the Republican media/thought bubble because I simply can't understand their logic on this one. I've tried. I've tried hard. But I simply do not get how they can threaten (and successfully) shut down the government because they don't like a piece of legislation that has been tested in Congress time and again, tested in the Supreme Court and deemed constitutional, and tested at the ballot box via the Presidential election.
Republicans are saying Democrats are “unwilling to compromise.” But here's the thing about compromise. Both sides have to give something up. And that is what I'm incapable of understanding with today's Republicans. They claim an unwillingness to compromise from the other side, but show no compromise themselves.
So here's my prediction: Due to the political fallout from this absolute nonsense of a government shutdown, the Democrats are going to win back the House by a very slim margin, but only if it lasts long enough for people to really start feeling it. If it ends this week, the GOP will likely hold on to the House by a slim margin (thanks, Former Massachusetts Governor Elbridge Gerry!).
Even if the ACA DOES fail. If it IS as horrible of a program as the Republicans make it out to be, why not just let it play out? If it's as horrible as you say, then the Democrats will have ruined healthcare and would pay a massive political price for decades to come. But if it works? Then millions of people get healthcare. But apparently that's not good enough for Republicans. They either need to be credited with it, or nobody can. And that's exactly what they are afraid of. They are afraid this is going to be a success, and then they pay the price for fighting it so vehemently. And when you're this far in the rabbit hole against the ACA, all you can do is keep digging.
The silver lining to all of this, though, is that maybe….juuuusttt maaayyybee, the tone and ridiculous rhetoric in Washington will simmer down some. Because when you hit rock bottom, there's nowhere to go but up, right?
This post….in 6 seconds:
https://vine.co/v/hX2TELTF7uj
Advertisements
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Salmond took the ice bucket challenge on Sunday afternoon
Scotland's first Minister Alex Salmond has taken the ice bucket challenge after being nominated by James McAvoy.
The internet trend involves people posting videos online of them having water poured over them. The aim is to raise money and awareness for charity.
Actor McAvoy challenged both Mr Salmond and Better Together chairperson Alistair Darling to take part.
Prime Minister David Cameron was among those nominated by Mr Salmond, along with their deputy Nicola Sturgeon.
Ms Sturgeon took up the challenge moments later.
A government source said David Cameron would not take part in the ice bucket challenge. However, they will make a donation to a motor neurone disease charity.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alistair Darling takes the ice bucket challenge after being nominated by actor James McAvoy.
Mr Salmond, who took the challenge to raise awareness of motor neurone disease, also nominated "every single member of the Scottish press corps" but singled out BBC Scotland political editor Brian Taylor, who has since had their soaking.
Ms Sturgeon nominated Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont and their colleague, Scottish Sports Secretary Shona Robison.
Mr Darling took the ice bucket challenge on Friday afternoon then nominated the staff of Better Together.
X-Men star McAvoy was nominated by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Scotland's political editor Brian Taylor took the plunge after being nominated by First Minister Alex Salmond
In their video, they said: "As it is the year of the Scottish referendum, I'd like to nominate our political champions Alistair Darling and Alex Salmond to do their very worst".
As the iced water poured over him, they said: "Alex/Alistair - you have got 24 hours".
Both politicians accepted the challenge on Friday but as Mr Salmond waited until Sunday to complete it they did not meet McAvoy's deadline.
Mr Salmond said on Friday: "I'm always up for any challenge, and I'm game for this one.
"It will invigorate me for the next month of campaigning - but the Scottish media should be careful what they wish for, as I get to nominate who's next for the ice bucket!"
On Friday afternoon Mr Darling tweeted: "Just took the #IceBucketChallenge for http://gordonsfightback.com. Video coming soon... Thanks James McAvoy."
A Crimean political party wants to rename the region's capital after the Russian president.
A member of the pro-Moscow Russian Unity party suggested that the city of Simferopol should be rebranded "Putin".
"I recommend that we place a monument to Putin in the central square of Simferopol and rename the city of Simferopol Putin City," an unnamed party member who identified themselves only as a Muslim Tatar told colleagues, according to the BBC's Russian service.
Russian Unity is headed by Crimea's self-declared prime minister Sergey Aksyonov, who signed a treaty making Crimea a part of Russia in March.
The signing, attended also by Putin and Crimea's parliamentary speaker Vladimir Konstantinov, came days after residents of the Black Sea peninsula voted to secede from Ukraine in a referendum deemed illegal by Kiev and the West.
Putin ordered Russian troops to move into Crimea shortly after pro-Kremlin Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich was toppled by a revolution in February.
Moscow claimed military action was justified by alleged threats by revolutionary forces, which it described as nationalists and neo-Nazis, against ethnic Russians living there.
Ethnic Russians make up a majority of Crimea's population.
In a speech to the Russian parliament on the annexation of Crimea, Putin claimed the peninsula had always been "an inseparable part of Russia" and the referendum had corrected an historic mistake.
The region was transferred from Russia to Ukraine in 1954 by then Soviet Union leader Nikita Khrushchev.
Galaxie 500 was an American alternative rock band that formed in 1987 and split up in 1991 after releasing three albums.[4]
History [ edit ]
Guitarist Dean Wareham, drummer Damon Krukowski and bassist Naomi Yang had met at the Dalton School in New York City in 1981, but began playing together during their time as students at Harvard University.[4][5][6][7] Wareham and Krukowski had formed a series of punk-influenced student bands, before Wareham returned to New York.[7] When they returned in 1987 they and Krukowski formed a new band, with Yang joining the group on bass guitar, the new group deciding on the name Galaxie 500, after a friend's car, a Ford Galaxie 500.
The band began playing gigs in Boston and New York City, and recorded a demo which they sent to Shimmy Disc label boss and producer Mark Kramer, who agreed to produce the band.[4] With Kramer at the controls, the band recorded the "Tugboat" single in February 1988, and the "Oblivious" flexi-disc, and moved on to record their debut album, Today, which was released on the small Aurora label.[5] The band toured the United Kingdom in late 1988 and in 1989, then signed to Rough Trade and released their second album, On Fire, which has been described as "lo-fi psychedelia reminiscent of Jonathan Richman being backed by The Velvet Underground",[5] and is considered the band's defining moment.[4] On Fire reached number 7 in the UK Indie Chart, and met with much critical acclaim in the United Kingdom, but was less well received by the US music press, who cited Wareham's 'vocal limitations' as a weakness.[8][9]
Galaxie 500 recorded two sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 programme, these later released on the Peel Sessions album. Their cover of Jonathan Richman's "Don't Let Our Youth Go To Waste" was also voted into number 41 in 1989's Festive 50 by listeners to the show.[10]
The band split up in the spring of 1991 after the release of their third album, This Is Our Music. Wareham, who had already moved back to New York, quit the band after a lengthy American tour.[5][6]
Galaxie 500's records were released in the US and UK on the independent Rough Trade label. When Rough Trade went bankrupt in 1991, Krukowski and Yang purchased the masters at auction, reissuing them on Rykodisc in 1996 as a box set containing all three albums and another disc of rarities.[11]
Musical style and influences [ edit ]
Galaxie 500 used fairly simple instrumental techniques enhanced with an atmospheric production style. The Velvet Underground and Jonathan Richman have been identified as key influences.[5][8] In interviews on the Galaxie 500 DVD Don't Let Our Youth Go to Waste, Wareham cites Spacemen 3 as another key inspiration.
Post-Galaxie 500 activities [ edit ]
After leaving Galaxie 500, Wareham tried their hand at production, working with Mercury Rev. They released a solo single, "Anesthesia," in February 1992, and formed a new band, Luna. Krukowski and Yang continued to record under the moniker Pierre Etoile (French for "Rock Star"), and then Damon and Naomi (whose first two releases were also produced by Kramer), and as members of Magic Hour.[5] They also began the avant-garde press Exact Change.[12]
In June 2010 Dean Wareham announced on their website that they would be going on an autumn tour under the moniker "Dean Wareham plays Galaxie 500," where they would, as the moniker suggests, only play Galaxie 500 songs.[13]
Influence [ edit ]
Galaxie 500's music had an influence on many later indie music groups, including Low.[8] Their music has been covered and referenced by several well known artists. In Liz Phair's song "Stratford-on-Guy", they sing, "And I was pretending that I was in a Galaxie 500 video." In Xiu Xiu's song "Dr. Troll", Jamie Stewart sings, "Listen to On Fire and pretend someone could love you." On Neutral Milk Hotel's debut album, On Avery Island, the song "Naomi" is believed to be about Naomi Yang, and includes the line "There is no Naomi in view/She walks through Cambridge stocks and strolls"; in 2011, Yang created a music video for the song.[14] The Brian Jonestown Massacre's And This Is Our Music was titled in reference to the group's album This Is Our Music (which itself was titled after Ornette Coleman's album This Is Our Music).[8] Sonic Youth frontman Thurston Moore has cited Galaxie 500's album Today as "the guitar record of 1988".[15]
"Tugboat" has been covered by many artists, including The Submarines, who recorded it with famed indie rock producer Adam Lasus for their iTunes Live Session EP, British Sea Power, on Rough Trade compilation Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before..., Welsh lo-fi band Joanna Gruesome, and Portastatic. In 2010 the bands Cloudland Canyon and Citay, appeared on a 7" EP together wherein they both covered Galaxie 500, the former taking on "Temperature's Rising" and the latter doing a version of "Tugboat". English artist World Of Fox covered "Flowers" in their 2011 release on Where It's At Is Where You Are Records.[citation needed]
In 2012 the song "Tugboat" was featured in the film The Perks of Being a Wallflower, directed by Stephen Chbosky and based on their book of the same name.[16]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Compilations [ edit ]
Post-split releases [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
"Tugboat"/"King of Spain" (1988) Aurora
"Oblivious" included on a hard-vinyl compilation 7" free with Chemical Imbalance magazine
magazine "Blue Thunder"/"Hail" (split w/ Straitjacket Fits) (1989)
"Blue Thunder EP" (1990) Rough Trade
"Rain"/"Don't Let Our Youth Go to Waste" (1990) Caff
"Fourth of July"/"Here They Come Now" (1990) Rough Trade
"Snowstorm" (live)/"Pictures" (live) (2004)
Promotional videos [ edit ]
"Tugboat" (1988)
"Blue Thunder" (1989)
"When Will You Come Home" (1989)
"Fourth of July" (1990)
DVDs [ edit ]
Don't Let Our Youth Go to Waste (2004)
Further reading [ edit ]
McGonigal, Mike. Temperature's Rising: An Oral and Visual History of Galaxie 500. Oregon: Yeti Publishing, 2013
Oregon: Yeti Publishing, 2013 Wareham, Dean. Black Postcards: A Rock & Roll Romance. New York: Penguin, 2008.
Auburn, N.Y. — Bill Berry, of Auburn, has collected black memorabilia for over 40 years. Berry first started their collection with old postcards, particularly the ones showing negative images of African Americans. Over the years they have expensed their collection to include the dolls, salt and pepper shakes, cans of cleaner, syrup holders, water jugs, banks, sheet music and more.
Berry speaks about some of the things they collect, "I remember at a certain point in time there was an argument that black people should seek to have this stuff destroyed. My position was that you always want to remember what happens when you allow someone to define who you are."
In the early 1980s Berry was intrigued and therefore purchased two sets of twin dolls from an art gallery in Baltimore, MD. They remember the artist calling these black Raggedy Ann and Andy type dolls soft sculptures. This was the beginning of their doll collections.
Berry is not sure how many dolls they have. They live all over their home. From the boy and girl tin dolls in the first floor bathroom to the cloth dolls, from the many Caribbean islands to the ceramic English antique black doll, there are dolls everywhere.
Berry lives in a 1900s Victorian home a few blocks from the Harriet Tubman Home and is the publisher of Aaduna, an online magazine for the arts.
Photographer's note: Contact Ellen M. Blalock if you have an interesting collection or know about one we can share. We are looking for collectors of all ages and interests. Email eblalock@syracuse.com with your suggestions.
To be clear, you are not about to read a “Zero Rb is Dead” article. I refused to drop Danny Woodhead last year out of respect for all they have done for me and the Zero RB community. I'm all in for the cause. However, just because we love a good late round running back doesn't mean we can't be discerning with which backs we choose to draft this year. With the running back renascence in full swing the middle and late rounds are full of gems at the running back position, but inevitably are full of busts as well. This is five backs you should be avoiding in 2017, complete with an average draft position courtesy of the 4For4 ADP Tool and pivots to players with similar upside, value, or skill sets that you can draft instead
1. Paul Perkins
ADP: 80
Pivots: Adrian Peterson, Shane Vereen, Danny Woodhead
To be fair to the Paul Perkins fan club there's not a ton of data points on their profile that screams stay away. The problem is that there's not a ton to get excited about either. They place above the 60th-percentile in one category, 40-yard dash. Furthermore, Perkins' 97.9 (50th-percentile) Speed Score, one of the most predictive RB workout metrics, is exactly average. Looking at how their rookie year went inspires even less confidence. Among players with 50 or more carries there were 5 players other than Perkins to finish outside of the top 32 in Production Premium, Juke Rate, Breakaway Run Rate and Catch Rate.
Besides Todd Gurley, who plays for the Los Angeles Rams this is a group of players who can't do anything well. We don't want them on our fantasy teams and that includes Paul Perkins. Well at least there's opportunity right? Not really. The Giants called 390 run plays, 24th in the league, while calling 627 passing plays, No. 10th in the league. They then went out and signed Brandon Marshall, who is one year removed from a career year with the Jets, and drafted Evan Engram in the first round. This is a team that clearly wants to pass the ball even more this year and still has an elite satellite back, in Shane Vereen, who will prevent Perkins from even uttering the phrase 3rd down.
That brings us to the obvious pivot, Shane Vereen. If this offense wants to pass, let them pass, and let those passes be directed towards Vereen. Then draft Vereen accordingly. Within a few picks of Paul Perkins sits Danny Woodhead, another satellite savant. Even with the signing of Jeremy Maclin there are still a large number of targets unaccounted for in Baltimore and Woodhead is the ideal player to take them. You still want the two-down back for a pass heavy offense you say? Well then splurge a round or two earlier and draft Adrian Peterson. Go ahead and treat yourself. You've earned it. Enjoy the numerous Peterson red zone carries for the first time since the birth of Zero RB. The Saints have done everything in their power to not give Mark Ingram the ball and now they have one of the greatest running backs of all time. Even if he's not the 300 carry, hyper efficient player they used to be Peterson will still see a large amount of red zone carries in a perennially dominant offense.
2. T.J. Yeldon
ADP: 219
Pivots: Chris Thompson, DeAndre Washington, Rex Burkhead
I know. I can hear you already. For most of the readers of this article this is like saying “don't draft Peyton Manning this year.” I get it. He's a late round flyer most of you aren't picking anyways. But for between 5 and 9 people reading this, the “T.J. Yeldon could be the third down back” thought has popped into their head. This is for you. The rest of you go ahead and skip to player number three on the list. To put things as simply as possible, Yeldon is an overrated pass catcher and Leonard Fournette is an underrated pass catcher. Yeldon was not elusive in space last year, registering a 23.3-percent Juke Rate (No. 38). As a third-down back one would expect for them to take advantage of the light fronts they saw. Instead they had a 4.1 (No. 63) yards per carry against light fronts. Of players with 50 or more carries the players directly above Yeldon in YPC vs. light fronts do not inspire confidence in him. The asupervisorstioned Paul Perkins, Eddie Lacy, and Matt Forte were the players ahead of them at 4.2.
T.J. Yeldon doesn't profile as an agile, quick in space, back with an 11.41 (38th-percentile) Agility Score. They even managed to turn the seventh-most targets into the 11th most receptions, and the 11th most receptions into the 21st most receiving yards. They did a magic trick with all of their targets and turned them into nothing. The only positive on their profile as a receiver is their 8.8-percent ( 62nd-percentile) college target share. To this I direct you to Leonard Fournette's 11.9-percent (82nd-percentile) college target share.
If you want a back who can actually catch passes and profiles as an electric receiving threat you might choose Chris Thompson instead. On a Washington team that's offense is on the rise, Thompson appears to be the only player capable of receiving significant targets from the backfield for Kirk Cousins. Not the highest upside but opportunity should be knocking. Other end of draft picks that are better bets than T.J. Yeldon include Deandre Washington and Rex Burkhead. Washington should step into the passing downs role as early as week 1 with their 9.7-percent (68th-percentile) college target share and if Marshawn Lynch is as inefficient or injured as they were when we last saw them Washington could be a league winner. There was a two week window where Burkhead was the only early downs running back on the patriots and everyone wanted a piece. Long gone are those days but as a last round pick Burkhead still offers that upside and you should be taking any part of the Patriots backfield you can get.
3. Derrick Henry
ADP: 71
Pivots: Jonathan Williams, Mike Gillislee, Frank Gore
Derrick Henry is an Olympic level athlete. Henry has a phenom level, 43.5-percent, 91st-percentile College Dominator rating and recorded 90 total carries over the course of two games in college. And none of that matters until he's the starter. Unless something happens to Demarco Murray, Henry is a pure handcuff. As the off season pushes forward Henry's ADP will continue to rise and players who will start in week 1 will be taken after him. There are players with Henry's level of upside, who also have floors based on guaranteed playing time. Yet they continue to go after him. Even if Murray is injured and relinquishes their 293 (No. 3) carries to Henry, we just don't know if he'll be good. J.J. Zachariason wrote a phenomenal article detailing the futility of drafting pure handcuffs. The biggest point relative to Henry is the 7.4-week average significant injury to a handcuff's starter.
If DeMarco Murray does get injured, that's a big if, on average that wouldn't happen until week 7. You will be holding a likely unusable player for 7 weeks in Derrick Henry. What we do know is that there would be a substantial drop off from Murray to Henry in receiving production. Murray received 14.2-percent (90th-percentile) of Oklahoma's targets in the pass game so it should surprise no one that they caught 53 passes (No. 6) in 2016. Henry, on the other hand had a 3.8-percent, 12th-percentile college target share. It should also not be ignored that their street fighter the best comparable player in Zangief — not exactly an elite NFL receiver.
If you want a backup to a prolific, aging running back just take Jonathan Williams. No, Williams is not as good of a player as Derrick Henry. Of course they aren't. But when Williams can be your last pick and Henry is one of your first few running backs, consider taking the late value instead and make your first running back someone who will play in week 1. To be clear, unless your roster is very deep, you probably shouldn't be taking a pure handcuff. However, if you must, there a better option. If you're chasing the touchdown upside of the backup to DeMarco Murray then look no further than Frank Gore. Yes boring, old, Frank Gore. Fantasy enthusiasts don't seem to realize that Robert Turbin had eight total touchdowns (No. 17) last year. Touchdown vulture does not do this man justice. Turbin evolved into a Touchdown Pterodactyl last year. Eight touchdowns seems like a lofty goal to repeat in 2017. Expect Gore to get some of those back. Another running back near Henry's ADP and a better choice than them is Mike Gillislee. See: Blount, LeGarrette (2016)
4. Doug Martin
ADP: 81
Pivots: Jeremy McNichols, Duke Johnson, Theo Riddick
It's time to let go of Doug Martin. Back in 2012 we were both young. They were an explosive athlete. It was a time before Shawn Siegele's seminal piece on Zero RB had even been released. Everyone wanted a young stud running back and then Martin walked in the door. Now it's 2017, Martin has had 3 seasons rendered useless by injury and we have moved on to anti-fragility drafting. Last year Martin carried the ball 144 times, a moderate sample size, and it was a highly inefficient year for him. They ranked outside of the top 50 running backs in Production Premium, Juke Rate, and Breakaway Run Rate.
Check out Doug Martin and Jeremy McNichols on the Updated PlayerProfiler Player Rankings:
Doug Martin will enter 2017 spending 3 games suspended and in this time talented players like Charles Sims and Jeremy McNichols will take over all of the passing downs work and maybe more. Martin will return to a crowded backfield as the ghost of running backs past and the Buccaneers could relegate them to a backup role sooner rather than later. Even in 2015, Martin Season 4: The Return of Doug Martin, they showed signs of falling off with a -2.9 (No. 42) Production Premium and a .71 (No. 49) Fantasy Points/Opportunity. I won't forget you Martin, but I also won't be drafting you.
Late in the single digit rounds, where Doug Martin is being drafted, there a many prime Zero RB backs to take instead. Theo Riddick sticks out as a superior value. A wide receiver disguised as a running back, Riddick had 53 receptions (No. 6) and 371 (No. 12) receiving yards last year while only playing 10 games. Assuming he's healthy this year it, would be unsurprising to everyone if they returned to 80 receptions (No. 2) and 697 receiving yards (No. 2) like they did in 2015.
If you're looking for Riddick with more upside then Duke Johnson might suit you better. Johnson had 74 targets (No. 5) last year, similar to Riddick. The major distinction between them is Johnson's superior 112.3 SPARQ-x Score (51st-percentile) and a 30.6 BMI (59th-percentile). If they do have an increase in touches in 2017, their 8.1-percent (No. 5) in the Breakaway Run Rate and 35.4-percent (No. 2) Juke Rate could make them fantasy gold.
If you want upside in the Tampa Bay backfield take Jeremy McNichols. The PlayerProfiler darling might be a long shot as a fifth round pick but out of the Buccaneers running backs he's the only one with 3 down potential. A bell cow in the making, McNichols might be cut from your fantasy roster by week 4, or they could be the missing piece to the nuclear powered Buccaneers offense.
5. Kareem Hunt
ADP: 99
Pivots: Terrance West, Spencer Ware, Rob Kelley
Spencer Ware is an outlier. They have no collegiate metrics above the 40th-percentile. They look like a practice squad level player. Yet here we are. We live in a world Ware is an above average running back. Ware registered 14.1 fantasy points per game (No. 16) in 2016 and showed a lot of positive signs. Most telling could be their success against all defensive fronts. There were 42 players last year with over 100 carries. There were 9 players who ranked top 20 in that group of 42 in YPC vs. stacked, base, and light fronts.
These players were able to win against all defensive fronts and most of them, including Spencer Ware were prolific receivers out of the backfield. Ware had 447 (No. 6) receiving yards on just 42 (No. 28) targets in 2016. All of this is to say that Ware has not left Kareem Hunt with any opening to see a significant snap share in 2017. And if they did would they be any good? Hunt's modest 28.7-percent (58th-percentile) College Dominator Rating at a small school, Toledo, and extreme lack of athleticism evidenced by a 102.7 (19th-percentile) SPARQ-x Score, indicate that they are not NFL workhorse material. With all of this it is baffling that Ware is being drafted 62nd overall and Hunt is going only 3 rounds behind them at No. 99 overall.
If Ware falls to a point where you are taking your first running in a draft this summer draft him. Draft them and forget you've ever heard the name Kareem Hunt. Another starting running back who fantasy player seem to forget exists is Terrance West. In 2016 West had a 5.2-percent (No. 24) Breakaway Run Rate and a 26-percent (No. 26) Juke Rate. This is a starting running back who had an above average efficiency season last year and is going in the double digit rounds. Sometimes Zero RB is too easy. The last underrated starter is Rob Kelley. Like Ware, Kelley was an underwhelming prospect. In fact, Kelley profiles to be a high school right guard. Also like ware, Kelley defied the concept of statistics and is currently the starter for a rising Washington offense whose offensive line had a 132.4 (No. 4) run blocking efficiency rating. Put your “Fat Rob” bias aside and draft Kelley.
Summary
After a disappointing year in 2016 the Zero RB zealots should rally for a major comeback this year with natural regression at the running back position, deflated wide receiver, and inflated running back ADPs. There will be many leagues won this year with late round running backs who break out big in the second half, provide surprise PPR value, or take a job early and never let go. This was just 5 running backs that won't be any of those things this year.
Follow @ffkylethekid
UPDATE 4:30 p.m. EDT: Former FIFA executive Jeffrey Webb pleaded not guilty in New York Saturday to charges alleging massive international corruption and was freed on $10 million bond. Webb, 50, a dual British and Cayman Islands citizen appeared in federal court in Brooklyn, Agence France-Press reported. They were ordered to relinquish their passports.
Webb, one of seven FIFA officials indicted in the scandal, was the first to appear in court in the scandal. They arrived in New York from Switzerland earlier this week, waiving extradition.
No trial date was set, Reuters reported.
Original post:
Former FIFA Vice President Jeffrey Webb has been extradited to the United States to face racketeering and bribery charges.  They are set to be arraigned at federal court in New York at 2 p.m. local time on Saturday.
Webb was arrested in Switzerland on May 27 on corruption charges and detained along with six other officials, all of whom are fighting extradition. The defendants planned to pay bribes of more than $150 million over 24 years for the broadcasting and hosting rights for tournaments such as the World Cup, prosecutors are claiming.
Webb was the vice president and an executive committee member of FIFA as well as the president of football's governing body for North and Central America and the Caribbean, CONCACAF.
The U.S. Department of Justice requested that seven officials be detained following a major inquiry by the FBI, which was sparked by the bidding process for the Russia 2018 and Qatar 2022 World Cups. A total of 14 current and former FIFA officials were indicted, with the Department of Justice saying that the fraud was planned in the U.S., with American banks used to transfer the money.
“The indictment alleges corruption that is rampant, systematic and deep-rooted both abroad and here in the United States,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch said in a statement on May 27. “It spans at least two generations of soccer officials who, as alleged, have abused their positions of trust to acquire millions of dollars in bribes and kickbacks.”
The arrests were made two days before FIFA president Joseph Blatter was up for a fifth term re-election and, while they aren't one of the officials charged, they resigned as president June 2.
The bad news does not stop there for FIFA. On Friday, Coca-Cola -- one of FIFA's sponsors -- asked for an independent commission to reform the governing body. Another sponsor, McDonald's, issued a statement on Friday pressing FIFA for change and saying, "We believe FIFA internal controls and compliance culture are inconsistent with expectations McDonald's has for its business partners throughout the world."
The virus also appears indiscriminate: Farms large and small, organic and non-organic, have been hit.
“The spread seems equally likely regardless of herd size or production type,” said Harry Snelson, spokesperson for the American Association of Swine Veterinarians. “Our best guess is that approximately 50 percent of the sow herds in the U.S. have become infected.”
Snelson said even that is a guess because, up to now, farmers have not been required to provide a tally of cases. The USDA on April 18 ordered that all farms report cases, but Snelson isn't optimistic it will change much. “We'll have to see,” they say. “It may be too late with this disease but it may help with understanding the epidemiology of future diseases.”
Chuck Wirtz's 700-sow unit in Iowa sells pigs to a company that supplies the Chipotle fast-food chain. They too got hit, losing about 1,000 piglets. “We had pigs dying all over the place,” they said of the outbreak last November.
In Lear's case, 850 pigs worth $48,000 were dead by the time the outbreak was contained – that's about three and a half weeks of annual production on the farm.
And extra virus-protection measures have added some $75,000 to operating costs, they estimated. Those “biosecurity” steps include restricting who has access to barns – a bit of outside manure on a shoe could be enough to trigger an outbreak.
“Our best guess is that approximately 50 percent of the sow herds in the U.S. have become infected.”
Containment typically means exposing all sows to the virus so that they build immunity to it. “We add diarrhea to the sows' feed, the sows get sick and then on the fourth day they dry up and now they have immunity that they can pass on to their piglets,” said Wirtz.
“But the worst part is that it doesn't end there,” added Lear, since the exposure opens the door to other bugs like E. coli and salmonella that “challenges little pigs' intestines.”
Lear called these the “backside PEDv pigs” and has stepped up medication to battle those bugs.
An argument can be made that the virus, by reducing supply, has been a key factor in recent record pork prices.
“The net cost has not been negative. We've actually benefited, as sad as that sounds,” said Wirtz, citing an analysis estimating that while the virus has killed $567 million worth of pigs, the reduced supply is responsible for a $5 billion increase in the value of the 105 million pigs marketed annually across the nation.
Still, farmers are concerned about what might be around the corner.
“We don't know if the PED is going to mutate and change,” said Lear.
Dec. 11, 2013
EAST LANSING, Mich. - The Spartan Ticket Office has reported that requests for 2014 Rose Bowl tickets from Spartan Fund members, University donors, students and season-ticket holders have exceeded 31,000, far more than the university's 24,000 ticket allotment and there will not be a public/alumni sale. The request process was designed to provide an opportunity for as many donors and season-tickets holders as possible to enjoy MSU's historic participation in the 100th Rose Bowl Game.
As was stated in all communications, a request-with-payment order did not guarantee the purchase of Rose Bowl tickets. Immediately after placing a request-with-payment, fans received a "request received" email. After 10 p.m. this evening, those who have made requests will receive an email notifying them of their order fulfillment status.
In some cases, we were able to partially fill ticket requests. Spartan Fund Members at the Directors Club ($5,000 annual donation to athletics) had their requests reduced from six (6) tickets to four (4) tickets. Spartan Fund members at the Honorary Coaches ($2,000 annual donation to athletics) through Green & White Club ($500 annual donation to athletics) as well as University Donors from Shaw Society ($500,000 lifetime giving to MSU) and lower had their request reduced from four (4) tickets to two (2) tickets. These accounts will be refunded the difference.
Non-student seats will be assigned first by active Spartan Fund Member level and/or University Donors level and then by Spartan Points within each level (complete grid is available on msuspartans.com).
Tickets for confirmed orders will be mailed by December 20 via FedEx for delivery no later than December 24. A tracking number will be sent via e-mail to the e-mail address on file. Those expecting delivery are encouraged to sign-up for FedEx Delivery Manager at http://www.fedex.com/us/delivery/ to customize or change their delivery, which is ideal for those that will not be home for the holidays.
Cancellations with refund (less the $25 processing fee) will be accepted through December 18 at 6 p.m. via written request either faxed to 517.432.2232 or emailed to tickets@msu.edu.
For information regarding the Rose Bowl game, hotel accommodations, transportation, hospitality packages and other arrangements for the Rose Bowl experience, please visit: http://www.rosebowlstadium.com/events/detail/100th-rose-bowl-game.
Homefront 2 looks "phenomenal", according to ex-THQ Core Games boss Danny Bilson, who claims that the follow-up to last year's near-future FPS will be "5X the game [THQ] delivered" with the original Homefront.
"I'm working very closely with [Crytek UK]," said Bilson talking to GamesIndustry International prior to their departure earlier this week.
"It's so far phenomenal. So far. We've got a long way to go, the pre-production has been spectacular, I think it's 5X the game we delivered before when it's fully realised."
Homefront launched to a mixed reception on its release last March, with online issues and game-breaking bugs causing havoc for THQ across its launch period.
As a result, financial struggles coupled with the game's failure to live up to expectations forced THQ to close developer Kaos Studios.
But though Bilson admits there were "issues" in the original game's execution, they believe that the series "had fantastic creative", and is confident that having Crytek on board for Homefront 2 will give consumers "confidence in [the sequel's] execution".
"Homefront had fantastic creative," they continued. "Arguably, at least in my opinion, one of the best properties for a first-person shooter, a fresh world, great environmental storytelling and the execution unfortunately... even though I think it has some phenomenal things in that game, we sold a lot of them and it resonated with people, there were also issues around execution.
"Not that it wasn't good, but you're being compared to Call Of Duty and Battlefield, two of the best made games in the business. So what do you do if you're us and you've got this IP you believe in, you know you've got the fanbase, you've got a million ideas, how do you solve the problem? You go to a beloved developer that we believe can bring our execution up to the level of Call Of Duty and Battlefield with our incredible IP.
"And our idea was the consumers who may have been disappointed with some of the aspect of Homefront, with Crytek applied to it, it gives them confidence in the execution with a brand that seems to have a lot of appeal."
Besides a prospective FY2014 release date, details surrounding Homefront 2 are still thin on a ground. We do know, however, that the game will be set in a "different part of North America" to the original and will run on Crytek's CryEngine 3.
It's also expected to be a next-gen title, but this has yet to be confirmed by THQ.
Danny Bilson left THQ on Wednesday, coinciding with the arrival of new president, former Naughty Dog head, Jason Rubin.
by BRIAN NADIG
The Chicago Plan Commission at its Feb. 16 meeting unanimously approved a proposal to redevelop vacant lots at Lawrence and Laramie avenues following 15 years of delays.
The City of Chicago is selling about half of the 39,000-square-foot site for $1 to the project developer, the Mega Group. In 2006 the city paid $1.46 million for the land, which now is worth about $530,000.
“We're thrilled that there will finally be productive activity on lots that have been vacant for more than a decade,” Alderman John Arena's chief of staff Owen Brugh said after the meeting. “Finally, people's first impression of Jefferson Park won't be partially based on vacant gravel lots.”
The planned development ordinance for the site allows construction of a four-story building with 9,990 square feet of commercial space, 39 apartments and 41 interior parking spaces to be constructed at the southwest corner of Lawrence and Laramie. A 21-space parking lot would be built at the southeast corner of the intersection.
In the mid-2000s the properties were to be included in a 10-story development with 132 condominiums, but then-alderman Patrick Levar rejected the project due to opposition by residents.
The decision left the city holding about 20,000 square feet of land that it had acquired through eminent domain. Mega had agreed to reimburse the city for its acquisition costs, but that agreement was nullified when the city refused to let Mega build the condominium project.
The Jefferson Park Neighborhood Association has been critical of the city's decision to sell the land for $1 given the city's financial woes.
Association president Robert Bank offered to buy the land for $2 in a symbolic gesture at the plan commission's hearing. Bank left the money and a hand-written purchase contract on a chair on the floor of the City Council Chamber.
“I offered to double the amount of money by offering $2,” Bank said. “I told them that it's your fiduciary responsibility to accept my offer. It was a cash deal, and I was willing to close immediately.”
In 2015 the city Community Development Commission initially rejected plans to sell the land for $1, but the commission held a second vote a month later and approved the project after Mega agreed to designate about 10 percent of the apartments as affordable units, which would be offered at a reduced rate to people who earn 60 percent or less of the median income in the area.
Association board member Ron Ernst said that the second vote taken by the development commission should not have been allowed because it violated the commission's governing rules. Ernst said that public notice of the agenda item was not properly given.
City officials have said that the development would generate $175,000 in annual sales and property tax revenue. The city-owned portion of the site generates no tax revenue, while the portion owned by Mega generates about $5,600 in property taxes a year, according to Arena's office.
The planned development ordinance becomes the new zoning for the site.
The ordinance allows the two parcels of the site, which are separated by Laramie, to be considered a single tract of land under the zoning code. Without unifying the lots, the building on the west side of Laramie would be limited to 30 apartments under the existing B3-2 zoning of the site, with an additional nine units being allowed on the east side of Laramie.
The association has a policy of opposing upzoning, and Ernst said that the building would be too dense. “It's unfair to the people living behind the alley there,” they said. “This is a zoning change, and it should be no more than 30 units.”
However, the design of the project was well received at a community meeting that Arena held in 2015. Another community group, Jefferson Park Forward, has a policy of supporting increased density in the commercial district, but it does not take positions on specific projects.
Arena has said that increased density in the commercial area will help revitalize. They recently announced plans for construction of 15-story building next to the Jefferson Park CTA terminal, with shorter buildings further from the transit center. The City Council this spring is expected to approve the 15-story project, which includes about 115 apartments and 200 parking spaces.
La Flor Dominicana
Double Ligero Chisel Natural (2003)
Now this is a cigar I've been looking forward to. It's no secret that I love LFD. When it was my turn to pick the CotM, I picked a Litto Gomez cigar. So you can imagine my elation when myfirstandlastname sent me this original release Double Ligero Chisel. For reference, the La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero line came out way back in 2003, so this stick is at least a decade old. Holy cow! Antonio Gomez suggested that the stronger LFD lines were the best for aging, and it doesn't get much stronger then Double Ligero! As someone who is already a fan of LFD, already a fan of Double Ligero, and already a big fan of the chisel vitola, this is going to be one hell of a smoke!
Statistics
Shape: Chisel
Size: 6″ x 54
Country of Origin: Dominican Republic
Wrapper: Ecuadorian Ligero Sumatra
Binder: Dominican
Filler: Dominican
Color: Colorado Maduro
Colorado Maduro
Strength: Full
Price Paid: Trade
Trade
Smoke Date: February 4, 2014
February 4, 2014
Age: 10+ years
Accessories Used
Silver & Chrome Vector Stratos single-flame torch lighter, Handmade English walnut ashtray made by wedgewoodrings. (No cutter used)
Pairing
Sierra Nevada Ruthless Rye in a pint glass. One of my favorite seasonal brews, Ruthless Rye is sweet, citrusy, and spicy. The sweet, citrusy flavor went well with the fruity notes in the cigar, enhancing the sweetness.
Appearance/Nose
The wrapper was thick and rustic, with a lot of oily sheen and tooth. There were dark veins, light veins, and an overall mottled color. That said, it was still a sight to behold. Maybe it was the chisel vitola, with it's unique flat head. Maybe it was the old-style LFD band with a flower on it, but this stick just oozed charm. It wasn't going to win any beauty pageants, but it might win in a competition for character. The nose was faint, but still had notes of black pepper, despite the stick's age.
Construction
The wrapper was thick and veiny and had a few small bumps here and there, especially about an inch below the head on the side with the back of the band. The stick felt firm and springy throughout, and the chisel head was masterfully applied. The burn line got a bit wavy at times due to the thickness of the wrapper leaf. Of course it doesn't help that the chisel head makes it more difficult than usual to rotate the cigar. Still, it never needs a touch up and the waviness always corrected itself a few puffs later. The ash was light gray and a bit flaky, but managed to hang on for over an inch each time.
Cold Draw
One of my favorite things about the chisel vitola is that no cutter is necessary. Just pinch to open and peel off the excess cap! This also means that very little leaf is lost and you get that much more cigar to smoke. I popped the chisel open with a pinch, and it made a highly satisfying snapping sound. The cold draw was a bit tight with notes of tobacco, bread, and a spicy tingle on the tongue.
Smoking
First third
My first impression was that this stick hagn't lost much kick with age. The first puffs were peppery and sharp, and loaded with black pepper. There was a rich, chocolate/coffee flavor underneath that tickled the palate. The smoke production was quite high.
There was a lot of complexity going on here. I tasted chocolate, coffee, cherry, peach, pecan, caramel, cinnamon, cardamom, pepper, and a host of other spices. So far it tasted quite a bit like a young Double Ligero.
About an inch in, the flavor mellowed significantly. The complexity of the flavor was tremendous, and they all blended together. Notes of chocolate and caramel melted into fruity flavors which gave way to spice.
The retrohale was surprisingly smooth, and mostly enhanced a sort of nutty, cashew-like flavor underneath the spice. By about an inch in, the draw had loosened up to an easygoing smooth pull, with tons of smoke in each puff.
A sort of sweet bitterness crept in after the first inch, reminiscent of almond. The burn got a little bit wavy, but I decided to hold off on a touch up for the moment. The ash came off at a little over an inch in a flaky gray chunk.
Second third
In the beginning of the second third, I began to taste something unusual: chocolate cake. It was like smoking a slice of excellent chocolate cake, dusted with cinnamon. There was so much chocolate and cinnamon sweetness that I felt like I was eating the richest dessert of my life.
The strength of the stick was starting to kick in. Though definitely not as strong as a fresh one, even with ten years of age, a Double Ligero is no joke. The cherry flavor came back and some of the cinnamon spice subsided again. This stick was incredibly rich at this point. Decadent, even.
The age was beginning to shine, as all the flavors were satisfying, complex, and married to one another. The smoke volume was still impressively magnificent. The retrohale was fruity and spicy with notes of rich black tea. Another wavy burn popped up, and as I was inspecting it, ash in the lap! Whoops! I need to pay more attention to ash length and stability sometimes. Immediately after, a huge freak gust of wind blew through my yard, so I guess I would have lost the ash anyway. Shortly after, that, the age really began to come through. I tasted some notes I've never had in a cigar before. A very smooth, scotch-like note emerged. I've tasted this before in aged (20 years plus) oolong teas, and it is truly a treat.
Final third
The scotched flavors continued in the final third. The chocolate and fruit were pretty much gone, but this new combination of scotch, spice, and wine-like muscatel was divine. This cigar tasted old, but in the best way.
Woody, oak and cedar notes along with a rich scotch finish with cream were my rewards for each puff. The strength had all but subsided. This was definitely a much mellowed stick than when it began.
After the band came off, a honey sweetness began to grown on the front of the flavor. The sweetness turned into honey, and a honeyed scotch taste with a bit of pepper stayed for the remainder of the cigar.
Notes
Draw: Smooth of a pinch-open
Smooth of a pinch-open
Body: Full
Full
Primary Flavors: Cinnamon, black pepper, chocolate, black cherry, scotch
Cinnamon, black pepper, chocolate, black cherry, scotch
Smoke Output: Full
Full
Smoke Time: 2 hours
Overall
So many transitions! From spicy black coffee to spicy fruit to spicy chocolate cake to spicy tea and punch and back again through every delicious flavor before settling into a honey-scotch at the end. The only constant was spice on this roller coaster of smoking pleasure. Unlike a young Double Ligero, the spice was never overbearing and not so strong it overwhelmed the rest of the flavors, which were plentiful. The only minor complaint is that the ash was flakier and less robust than what I expected. The age most definitely improved this cigar. Normally I would rate a DL chisel at the high end of “LIKE” or the low end of “LOVE”. This one, however, was one of the best smoking experiences I have ever enjoyed.
Rating
Hang Right—Part 2: Elbow Pain in Climbers
It's hard to find a climber who hasn't experienced elbow pain at some point. You've likely lowered from many a route rubbing your elbow to ease a nagging ache in your arm. Such was the case with BD Ambassador Brittany Griffith … that is, until they met Esther Smith. In the second installment of their Hang Right series, Physical Therapists Esther Smith and Katey Blumenthal explain the cause of elbow pain and tell us what we can do about it.
Time and time again, climbers seem to be treated unsuccessfully for elbow pain, which I believe is due to treatment being targeted too specifically at the elbow. This was the case when I first met Brittany Griffith, a Black Diamond Ambassador. I was introduced to them in hopes that I could help to resolve their elbow pain. Brittany is a self-professed gypsy with endless energy, whose solution to jet-lag-induced insomnia is vigorous gardening by headlamp.  They are known for adventure climbing for two weeks straight, without a rest day, in destinations as far as Sudan and Yemen.
Image: Arnaud Petit
When I first met Brittany, they were squeezing the outside of their elbow in a futile attempt to calm the pain from climbing a single gym route. They had a look of desperation on their face. Despite a history of significant chronic pain in their neck and shoulder, now Brittany's elbow was limiting their ability to climb. They couldn't even hold a glass of water without searing pain.
After consulting a number of doctors, they were starting to believe that surgery was their only hope. Even with a potential solution like surgery, they still feared that chronic injuries, like their elbow pain, would prevent them from working as a professional climber, and could even steal their ability to pursue many of their other hobbies.
Soon after our initial meeting, Brittany and I got to work. Within a handful of visits and a climber-specific approach to physical therapy, Brittany was back to climbing and their high-energy, gypsy lifestyle pain-free.
Brittany's story is a common example among many of my clients, no matter their climbing ability, of how movement imbalances can cause chronic elbow pain. Through Brittany's rehab, I learned that chronic injuries can be difficult to undo even when our most basic body movements contribute to pain. Faulty body mechanics can culminate in never fully returning to sport, however, if we improve our movement patterns, on and off rock, we can reverse these injuries.
What follows builds upon a previous article, Hang Right: Shoulder Maintenance for Climbers. In this article, we'll explore the ways in which imbalances in our muscles and the connective tissue around muscles, called fascia, can put undue stress on our elbows. We'll also offer some techniques and tricks to manage these symptoms through conducting restorative off-the-wall exercises.
Anatomy 101: The Elbow, Forearm Muscles and Fascia
Successful treatment of painful elbows (especially among climbers) should involve the chest, trunk and arms instead of an exclusive focus on localized pain. This is especially important when it comes to larger groups of muscles that are organized through a structure called fascia. Let's use fascial systems to consider two common conditions among climbers: tennis elbow and golfer's elbow.
Fascia is a network of tissue that surrounds muscles. Fascia both coats individual muscles and connects groups of muscles in the body through “fascial systems.” A tight muscle can lead to constrictions in the fascia surrounding it, and vice versa. In turn, because different muscles are connected via fascial systems, a tight muscle can limit motion in other muscles that live upstream and downstream from it.
Let's first examine how these networks of muscles and fascial systems contribute to golfer's elbow (medial epicondylalgia). Golfer's elbow presents as pain on the inside of the elbow, primarily affecting the flexor muscles of the wrist and fingers (Figure 1). These muscles attach to the inner boney prominence of the elbow (Figure 1, depicted in red), where golfer's elbow pain originates.
Consider this: the flexor muscles of the wrist and fingers are connected to a number of other muscles – the biceps, the pectoral and the latissimus dorsi muscles—via a fascial system (Figure 2). For many climbers, impairments in those upstream muscles can contribute to excessive force at the elbow, causing stress and strain, and eventually pain. These tend to be some of the tightest muscles found in climbers.
Figure 1
Figure 2
Moreover, these particular muscles (the biceps, the pectoral, and the latissimus dorsi muscles) are often tight as a result of impaired posture and shoulder mechanics both on and off the wall. The following image demonstrates “typical” climber posture, and how that may affect the resting length of the biceps, pectoralis, and latisimus dorsi muscles (Figure 3).
Figure 3
Figure 4
Figure 5
Now let's examine pain on the opposite side of the elbow. Symptoms that arise where the extensor muscles of the wrist and fingers insert into the outside of the elbow are commonly called tennis elbow or lateral epicondylalgia (Figure 4).
Tennis elbow follows a similar pattern to golfer's elbow: the extensor muscles on the backside of the wrist and fingers are connected, via another fascial system, to the triceps, trapezius, and posterior rotator cuff muscles (Figure 5). The muscles in this fascial system tend to be some of the weakest muscles found among climbers.
The bottom line is that golfer's and tennis elbow are often a result of imbalances in our muscles and fascial systems. Through treating the tissues that are tight and strengthening the muscles that are weak, we can optimize these fascial systems and overcome chronic “misuse” injuries.
What can we do about it? Upstream, Local, and Downstream Solutions
The Upstream Solution
Weakness and tension patterns in the chest, trunk and arms' fascial systems cause our elbows to be more susceptible to repetitive strain. Consider how weakness in the shoulders and core might affect a climber's elbow. The shoulder girdle and core comprise a “foundation” upon which our elbows function. If this foundation is weak, we cannot control our elbow without putting excessive strain on it. Our elbows can easily become the weak link between our hand and this foundation (the core and shoulder). In an effort to compensate for a weak foundation, the muscles that insert into the elbow end up working overtime to stabilize our arms and become overworked and strained. They accumulate micro-tears, become inflamed, and cause the pain that we call tennis or golfer's elbow.
For climbers who have weakness in their shoulders or core, exercises to strengthen this “weak foundation” can help. In addition to hanging right, the most generalizable concept is to strengthen the fascial line in the back of the arm and to lengthen the fascial line in the front of the arm. Below are four essential exercises that address this concept.
FOUR ESSENTIAL EXERCISES TO ADDRESS WEAKNESS IN THE SHOULDERS AND CORE AND TENSION IN THE FASCIAL SYSTEMS OF THE ARMS:
1. Floor Angels on Foam Roller: this stretch focuses on lengthening muscles that are generally tight on climbers due to use and posture (pectoral muscles)
Floor Angels
2. Backside Shoulder Stretch with Block: this stretch focuses on lengthening the muscles that are generally tight on climbers due to use and posture (latissimus dorsi and triceps muscles)
Backside Shoulder Stretch
3. Prone I's, Y's and T's: these exercises focus on strengthening shoulder stabilizer muscles (posterior rotator cuff and trapezius muscles)
Prone I's, Y's and T's
4. Serratus Push Up in Quadruped: this exercise focuses on strengthening shoulder stabilizer muscles (serratus anterior muscle)
Serratus Push Up in Quadruped
See the video of Brittany Griffith going over these four essential exercises here: Strength & Flexibility for Climbers
Once you practice the exercises above, you can apply them to hanging right:
Anatomy of “hanging right” with respect to the elbow
The Local Solution
Treatment in the initial phase of elbow tendon injuries (less than 6 weeks from injury) requires a solution focused at reducing inflammation (ice and activity modification). If the condition has been occurring for more than 6-8 weeks, it is no longer an inflammatory process (i.e., ice and rest is no longer an effective solution!), but rather a degenerative tendon process. In the latter case, the tendon is weakened, degraded, painful, and not resilient to loads.
In order to promote healing and restructuring of a tendon more than 6 weeks after initial injury, it is important to actively promote the tendon's healing through a process we call “remodeling".
You are likely familiar with hammer drills and reverse wrist curls. Performing these drills slowly introduces micro-stress and micro-inflammation to the local area, signaling the body to remodel the injured tissue by breaking down damaged tissue, and rebuilding new tissue. This process should take approximately 6-8 weeks, leaving you with a repaired tendon that can do its job again without pain.
TENNIS ELBOW REMODELING EXERCISES
1. Tyler Twist: this exercise loads the extensor muscles attached to the outside of the elbow
Tyler Twist
2. Hammer Drill: this loads the supinator muscle attached to the outside of the elbow
Hammer Drill
GOLFER'S ELBOW REMODELING EXERCISES
1. Reverse Tyler Twist: this exercise loads the flexor muscles attached to the inside of the elbow
Reverse Tyler Twist
2. Reverse Hammer Drill: this exercise loads the pronator teres muscle attached to the inside of the elbow
Reverse Hammer Drill
To see additional videos and tools needed to self-treat for Golfer's and Tennis Elbow: Grassroots Self Treatment
RECOMMENDED PARAMETERS FOR REMODELING EXERCISES: let your symptoms be your guide for finding the right number of repetitions for each exercise.
1. Find a level of resistance that produces your familiar symptoms or discomfort within a handful of repetitions (for example, perform 5 repetitions until reproduction of your familiar symptoms). Make sure there is no lasting pain following these repetitions.
2. Perform three to five sessions of this number of repetitions throughout the day. Continue until this exercise no longer produces your familiar symptoms.
3. Over a period of 6-8 weeks, progress the load by small increments (2-5 pounds), being sure to reproduce your familiar symptoms with no lasting pain once you finish.
4. You'll be ready to ease into climbing and activities that used to reproduce your symptoms when you can do these activities without reproducing your symptoms during or following them. You can discontinue these remodeling exercises once you no longer have any symptoms with normal activities or climbing. You may, however, choose to add them to your weekly maintenance program or to use them as a warm up before climbing.
The Downstream Solution
Examining the movement patterns in our wrist and fingers are also highly relevant to solving elbow pain, as our hands interact with our environment (whether that entails gripping rock or a glass of water). Wrist stability and a balance between the strength and length of the muscles and fascia that cross our wrists and run along our fingers are just as important as those upstream players mentioned above. Part 3 of our Hang Right series will focus on the downstream problem in detail.
Conclusion: Brittany 5 years later
By employing these Upstream, Local, and Downstream solutions to Brittany's arm, we were able to resolve their chronic elbow, shoulder and neck pain within a few months. While Brittany continues to get tweaks and acute injuries like the rest of us, regular check-ins allow them to maintain balance between what is tight and what is weak, so that they can continue to function as a professional climber and gypsy woman without interference from injury or pain.
If we climb, train and function with stability and balance in the structures upstream and downstream from our elbows, then we can load our elbows appropriately. Achieving an optimally balanced system in our arms may take dedicated work, but can help to preserve that poor elbow that just happens to get caught in the middle.
Esther recently did a TrainingBeta podcast on elbows. Listen here:
***
Esther Smith, DPT, Cert. MDT, NTP is a Physical Therapist, a climber and the owner of Grassroots Physical Therapy in Salt Lake City, UT.  They are the physical therapist for the Black Diamond Pro Climbing Team and many other climbing ambassadors. Esther also owns selftreatment.com, an ecommerce website that addresses common challenges like tennis and golfer's elbow, neck pain and low back pain with instructional videos.
Katey Blumenthal, DPT, MA, is a Physical Therapist, climber and wellness advocate, who works at Grassroots Physical Therapy in Salt Lake City, UT.
Portrayal of women's drinking habits in the media offers biased, judgemental view
Women who binge drink are depicted more negatively by the media than men who do the same thing, according to new research.
Researchers at the University of Glasgow and Glasgow Caledonian University have investigated how the media report women's and men's binge drinking.
The study, which is published in BMJ Open, analysed 308 articles published over two years in seven popular UK national newspapers and found that women's binge drinking was given more coverage in the media, despite men drinking more in reality.
As well as misrepresenting differences in the amount that each gender drinks, the researchers found that articles depicted women's and men's binge drinking in very different ways. Articles typically linked women's binge drinking to impacts on personal appearance, both in terms of physical appearance and public behaviours.
Newspapers presented female drinkers as haggard, vulnerable, physically incapacitated and socially transgressive. There was also a tendency to characterise women as inconvenient burdens to their male drinking companions.
While the research is about what the newspapers say, rather than what readers think, the researchers suggest that the types of unrealistic
portrayals of binge drinking they found could give audiences inaccurate understandings of what binge drinking is, what its effects are and how to lower their own health risks.
Chris Patterson, from the MRC/CSO Social and Public Health Sciences Unit, University of Glasgow, said: “Media coverage of women's binge drinking isn't just about health or public disorder; it also performs a moralising, paternalistic role, reflecting broader social expectations about women's public behaviour. As well as unfairly stigmatising women, media coverage of binge drinking is problematic in terms of communication information about a serious health issue to the public.
“Evidence suggests that the public view binge drinking as a masculine activity and statistics tell us that men do drink more than women in reality, but the media are depicting a different story. The reason why this matters is that the media have a big influence on how we understand the world, and therefore on how we behave. If audiences take newspapers' depictions of binge drinking to heart, they could be led to believe that binge drinking is primarily the domain of raucous young women, and that the main threats it presents are to our public appearance, rather than our long-term health.
“It's vital to clearly define unhealthy behaviours so that we can address them. What is binge drinking, and why is it a problem? If the media feel a responsibility to inform the public, they might seek to help us understand what constitutes harmful drinking, and what the risks of it are, without promoting harmful stereotypes that get in the way of evidence-based facts.”
Dr Carol Emslie, Lead of the Substance Use & Misuse research group in the School of Health & Life Sciences at Glasgow Caledonian University, co-authored the research.
They said “In the UK, men still drink more than women and are more likely to die from alcohol-related causes. However, the media's disproportionate focus on women's drinking, including the headlines and images used, may lead the public to think that it is primarily young females who are the problem drinkers. Alcohol is more freely available, more affordable and more heavily marketed today than it has been for decades, and excessive drinking affects all sections of the population.”
MRC/CSO Social and Public Health Sciences Unit, University of Glasgow is funded by the Medical Research Council and the Scottish Government Chief Scientist Office.
ali.howard@glasgow.ac.uk or elizabeth.mcmeekin@glasgow.ac.uk // 0141 330 6557/4831
Lead and Water
# of Lead Service Lines replaced in 2019 = 65
# of Lead Service Lines replaced in 2018 = 910
# of Lead Service Lines replaced in 2017 = 621
Milwaukee has been in compliance with federal regulations to control lead in drinking water since 1996. In 1991, the US EPA introduced the Lead Copper Rule (LCR) as a means to regulate lead and copper in drinking water. In compliance with this rule, and under the direction of the EPA and Wisconsin DNR, Milwaukee Water Works implemented corrosion control in 1996 to reduce lead and copper in tap water. Optimized corrosion control is achieved by adding orthophosphate, which coats the pipes and significantly reduces lead and copper from leaching into tap water.
Since the addition of corrosion control in 1996, lead levels have decreased by more than 50% in Milwaukee. Shown here are the 90th percentile and median lead levels from Milwaukee EPA Lead & Copper Rule compliance sampling beginning in 1993. Note the drop in lead levels after optimized corrosion control treatment began in 1996.
Milwaukee water is in compliance with EPA rules for lead
Milwaukee's water quality meets federal and state quality regulations when it flows from our treatment plants. However, lead is often present in drinking water because the service line connecting the water main to the property meter and interior plumbing may contain lead. Lead can be unsafe, especially to very young children, when it is swallowed or breathed in. The City of Milwaukee is investing in your health by implementing a program to replace lead service lines throughout the city. Read about water main replacements involving lead service lines.
FAQs
About lead
How do I protect my family from lead in my home?
What does a lead service line look like?
I want to check your records. Does my property have a lead service line?
How do I test my service line to see if it is made of lead?
What is the Milwaukee program to replace lead service lines?
Programa de reemplazo de la línea de servicio de plomo
Lead Service Line Replacement FAQ -- Preguntas y respuestas frecuentes sobre las lineas de servicio de plomo
Corrosion control prevents lead from dissolving from lead service lines into the water​​​​​​
How does corrosion control reduce the risk of lead in water?
What proof is there that corrosion control reduces lead and copper levels in tap water? Read a study comparing lead water sampling results between Madison (no LSLs) and Milwaukee (LSLs with corrosion control)
Information about water filters
Should I use a water filter?
Where can I find a list of filters to remove lead and other metals?
Ejemplos De Filtros Que Remueven Plomo Del Agua Para Su Hogar
Click here for discounts on filters sold by Aquasana and Kohler
Do I qualify for a free filter from the health department or a community organization?
Call the City of Milwaukee lead hotline (414) 286-2165
How do I use a water filter?
Nutrition and health
How do healthy habits help reduce the risk of lead exposure?
Additional information
What is the national AWWA standard for replacing and flushing lead service lines?
What's the difference between Milwaukee and Flint, Michigan?
Every time you visit a GP, you will be forced to pay more so GPs can continue their excellent work. Credit:Andrew Quilty Medicare is taxpayer funded basic health insurance and now there are changes being made to how you can claim on that health insurance. These changes are serious. The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners fears that more than one-third of its members will be forced to stop bulk-billing. Frank Jones, the president of the RACGP, reveals their members say they won't be able to bulk bill kids under 16. They can't bulk bill the frail, who visit often. They won't bulk bill those on pensions. On pensions! Jones, whose practice is in Mandurah, Western Australia, is already in conversation with their practice partners about exactly what changes they will have to make to be able to survive. These changes will have an enormous impact on all Australians. Even you. And how will we know what effect this is having on our general practitioners? It turns out that the federal government will make sure we will never ever know.
The Department of Health has now cut funding to the one organisation in all of Australia which really examines how GPs work and what they do. The Bettering the Evaluation and Care of Health program (BEACH), run out of the University of Sydney, mysteriously had all its funding disappear from June 30 this year. Staff members were warned in November last year that there may be changes but no inkling that all the money would go. My view is that this is punishment for the work BEACH did to expose the lies in the National Commission of Audit. In 2014, Tony Shepherd released the report commissioned by the Coalition government and claimed Australians visited the doctor 11 times a year, in a bid to push through a copayment scheme.. BEACH made it quite clear that those figures were wrong –it was able to deliver transparent analysis of the figures by dividing the number of claims to Medicare by the population and arriving at 5.59 visits per person. The proposed co-payment scheme fell apart amid BEACH's revelations and strong campaigning – but now we have what's called copayment by stealth. Graeme Miller, the acting director of BEACH, fears for the future of general practice research. Every single decision made these days is meant to be based on evidence – but the federal government is setting about destroying the evidence. General practioners save our lives. If you don't believe me, ask Matt Grudnoff, senior economist at the Australia Institute. He's not considering the emotional or social aspect of the funding for health – he's just looking at the numbers.
"Australia has excellent health outcomes when compared to other countries and we have one of the most efficient health systems in the world. "It tends to be that the more efficient your health care is, the more involved the government is." But what's more surprising is this – in the US, where health spending per capita is three times what it is in Australia and the system is highly privatised, the health outcomes are measurably worse. I've spoken to so many rural GPs about the freeze – and from Western Australia to Tasmania, from Queensland to South Australia, the GPs speak with one voice. They will be forced to stop bulkbilling entirely. Anna Chilcott, part of a practice in the adorably named townlet of Snug, says they and their partners are in emergency meetings about how they will cope. They grew up in Tasmania and trained as a doctor in Tasmania – and they predict there will be an even bigger impact than the immediate one on patients. They say young medical students won't want to train as GPs or work in rural areas if they can't earn a reasonable living. And then who will be looking after the people of Snug. "This freeze targets poorer regions. It's a direct hit on people who are already struggling. The working poor don't have concession cards and now they will have to choose between seeking medical help or paying to buy their food for the week. "I have to think very hard about the voting decisions I make and everyone else has to do that now too.
The government tried to screw with pathologists in changes to Medicare but that group of specialists fought back with a 600,000 signature petition. The deal now is that pathologists have somehow scored themselves a delay on the changes until after the election – and have also managed to secure a deal to make sure that collection centres will have controlled rents. And guess who will lose out on that deal? Yes, your local GP. They will now be subsidising specialists whose income is six times that of your average GP. Perhaps Mr Turnbull caved because they run into pathologists at the Athenaeum Club where they dropped in during the first week of the election campaign. GPs are much less likely to frequent the exclusive Melbourne club. But the rest of us? We run into our GPs all the time. And they no longer vote in quite the same way you'd imagine. I ask Frank Jones whether the membership of the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners is scandalised by the lobbying. They laugh. They are pleased, they say, because 95 per cent of them want an organisation that stands up.
"No, they want us to be in the advocacy space." Yes, Australians, your health care has been targeted. Now it's time to make politicians the target instead. Twitter: @jennaprice facebook.com/jennapricejournalist
× Man wanted for ramming Southaven police arrested
SOUTHAVEN, Miss. — A man wanted for allegedly ramming three Southaven police cars is in custody.
Arthur Dunlap, 21, was found hiding in a shed on Cedar Crest in Southaven late Thursday night.
An officer stopped Dunlap on Wednesday night for driving without car tags.
The officer asked them to step out the car, but Dunlap refused.
When the officer attempted to open the door and get Dunlap out of the vehicle, things took a twist.
“That time, the subject put the car in drive and accelerated off, pulled the officer briefly, but the officer let go before they were dragged under the car, dragged down the street,” Chief Tom Long said.
No officers were hurt.
The chase led officers to a dead end on Cotton Lane.
“They were able to box the car in, and they began to ram the units, but they were able to hold him. They bailed out and ran,” Long said.
Dunlap has a criminal background and was recently released from prison.
Long said they don't know at this time what their charges were.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is in the news again and it's not for a good reason. Christie was reportedly heckled today as they watched the Chicago Cubs take on the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park. The former GOP presidential candidate got so fed up that they approached a Cubs fan, getting right in their face.
At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so they got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2
Sports Illustrated reports:
New Jersey governor Chris Christie got in the face of a Chicago Cubs fan and said “Yeah, you're a big shot” after the fans in attendance at Miller Park on Sunday afternoon were reportedly teasing him, according to Ben Hutchinson of WISN 12.
In a video, Christie can be seen holding some nachos before going nose-to-nose with the Cubs fan. The Cubs fan was asked by one of the people around them what did Christie say and the fan replied: “You want to act like a big shot?”
Christie's son works for the Brewers. Christie was recently booed at a New York Mets game after catching a foul ball in the stands. They have also filled in for New York City sports radio host Mike Francesa in what may have been an audition to possibly succeed Francesa, when they retire at the end of the year.
This article is about the Mitsui Group. For other uses of the name "Mitsui", see Mitsui (disambiguation)
Mitsui Group (三井グループ, Mitsui Gurūpu) is one of the largest keiretsu in Japan and one of the largest corporate groups in the world.
The major companies of the group include Mitsui & Co. (general trading company), Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Sapporo Breweries, Toray Industries, Mitsui Chemicals, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and Mitsui Fudosan.[1]
History [ edit ]
Edo period origins [ edit ]
Mitsui Main Building and Nihonbashi Mitsui Tower
Founded by Mitsui Takatoshi (1622–1694), who was the fourth son of a shopkeeper in Matsusaka, in what is now today's Mie prefecture. From their shop, called Echigoya (越後屋), Mitsui Takatoshi's father originally sold miso and ran a pawn shop business. Later, the family would open a second shop in Edo (now called Tokyo).
Takatoshi moved to Edo when they were 14 years old, and later their older brother joined him. Sent back to Matsutaka by their brother, Takatoshi waited for 24 years until their older brother died before they could take over the family shop, Echigoya. They opened a new branch in 1673;[2] a large gofukuya (kimono shop) in Nihonbashi, a district in the heart of Edo. This genesis of Mitsui's business history began in the Enpō era, which was a nengō meaning "Prolonged Wealth".
In time, the gofukuya division separated from Mitsui, and is now called Mitsukoshi. Traditionally, gofukuyas provided products made to order; a visit was made to the customer's house (typically a person of high social class or who was successful in business), an order taken, then fulfilled. The system of accountancy was called "margin transaction". Mitsui changed this by producing products first, then selling them directly at their shop for cash. At the time, this was an unfamiliar mode of operation in Japan. Even as the shop began providing dry goods to the government of the city of Edo, cash sales were not yet a widespread business practice.
At about this time, Edo's government had struck a business deal with Osaka. Osaka would sell crops and other material to pay its land tax. The money was then sent to Edo—but moving money was dangerous in middle feudal Japan. In 1683 the shogunate granted permission for money exchanges (ryōgaeten) to be established in Edo.[3] The Mitsui "exchange shops" facilitated transfers and mitigated that known risk.
Formation of Mitsui zaibatsu [ edit ]
After the Meiji Restoration, Mitsui was among the enterprises that were able to expand to become zaibatsu not simply because they were already big and rich at the start of modern industrial development. Firms like Mitsui and Sumitomo were led by non-family managers such as Minomura Rizaemon, who guided the business by accurately forecasting the coming political and economic situations, by acquaintance with high-ranking government officials or politicians, and bold investment.[4]
Mitsui's main business in the early period were drapery, finance and trade, the first two being the businesses it inherited from the Tokugawa Era. It entered into mining because it acquired a mine as collateral from the loan it had made, and partly because it could buy a mine cheaply from the government, Mitsui then diversified to become the biggest business in pre-war Japan. The diversification was made mainly into related fields to take advantage of accumulated capabilities; for instance, the trading company entered into chemicals to attain forward integration.[5]
On July 1, 1876, Mitsui Bank, Japan's first private bank, was founded with Takashi Masuda (1848–1938) as its president. Mitsui Bank, which following a merger with Taiyō-Kobe Bank in the mid 1980s became part of Sakura Bank, survives as part of the Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. During the early 20th century, Mitsui was one of the largest zaibatsu, operating in numerous fields.
Mitsui Bank became the holding company of the Mitsui zaibatsu from 1876. It was joined as an ultimate parent company by Mitsui & Co. and Mitsui Mining in 1900, with various industrial concerns owned by various combinations of these companies and their subsidiaries.[6]
Likewise, Mitsui invested in maritime transportation to support its trading activities as well as invest in passenger transportation, first with the creation in 1878 of Osaka Shosen Kaisha (OSK), which was merged with Mitsui Steamship in 1964, to become Mitsui OSK Lines ('MOL'), which is today one of the largest ocean shipping groups in the world.
When the United Kingdom withdrew from the gold standard in 1931, during the height of the Great Depression, Mitsui Bank and Mitsui & Co. were found to have speculated around the transaction. This raised a political furor in Japan and resulted in the assassination of Mitsui executive Takuma Dan.[6]
World War II [ edit ]
As part of the Japanese plans for the exploitation of China, during the 1930s and '40s the subsidiary tobacco industry of Mitsui had started production of special "Golden Bat" cigarettes using the then-popular in the Far East trademark. Their circulation was prohibited in Japan and was used only for export. Local Japanese secret service under the controversial Imperial Japanese Army General Kenji Doihara had the control of their distribution in China and Manchuria where the production exported. Within the mouthpiece were small discreet doses of opium or heroin, and consequently millions of unsuspecting consumers became addicted to these narcotics, while huge profits were created for the company. The mastermind of the plan, Doihara, was later prosecuted and convicted for war crimes before the International Military Tribunal for the Far East, sentenced to death; but no actions ever took place against the company which profited from their production. According to testimony presented at the Tokyo War Crimes trials in 1948, the revenue from the narcotization policy in China, including Manchukuo, was estimated in 20 million to 30 million yen per year, while another authority stated that the annual revenue was estimated by the Japanese military at US$300 million a year.[7][8]
During the Second World War, Mitsui employed American prisoners of war as slave laborers, some of whom were maimed by Mitsui employees.[9]
Postwar development as keiretsu [ edit ]
In 1947 and 1948, the Supreme Commander Allied Powers pressed the Japanese government to dismantle the ten largest zaibatsu conglomerates, including Mitsui. The Mitsui Group, now broken into many separate companies, reorganized itself as a horizontal coalition of independent companies in the 1950s, once the occupation of Japan had ended and some of the smaller companies were allowed to re-coalesce. The central firms in the keiretsu became Mitsui Bank and Mitsui & Co..[6]
Mitsui lagged somewhat behind its rivals Mitsubishi and Sumitomo Group in reorganization. Mitsui Bank, which should have been the mainstay and principal capital provider of the group, declined in size due to the collapse of the Imperial Bank after the war, which resulted in reduced cohesion of the conglomerate. Many companies that were once part of the Mitsui Group have become independent or tied to other conglomerates. Specifically, Toshiba, Toyota Motors, and Suntory, once part of the Mitsui Group, became independent, with the Toyota Group becoming a conglomerate in its own right. Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries is now considered to be part of the Mizuho Group, and many companies in the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group are now more closely tied to the Sumitomo Group than the Mitsui Group. Recently there have been signs that Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and the Mitsubishi Group could be taking over other parts of the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group. Mitsukoshi merged into Isetan, a major department store with close ties to the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, to form Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings in April 2008.
Makeup of the Mitsui Group [ edit ]
Companies currently associated with the Mitsui keiretsu include Mitsui & Co., Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Japan Steel Works, Mitsui Chemicals, Mitsui Construction Co., Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding, Mitsui Fudosan, Mitsui-gold, Mitsui Mining & Smelting Co., Ltd., Mitsui Oil Exploration Co. (MOECO), Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Mitsui Petrochemical Industries Ltd, Mitsui-Soko, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group, Oji Paper Company, Pacific Coast Recycling, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Taiheiyo Cement, Toray Industries, Toshiba Corporation, Tri-net Logistics Management, Mitsui Commodity Risk Management [MCRM].
Mitsui companies which are in the Nikkei 225 [ edit ]
Other companies with close ties to the Mitsui Group [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
This week, a suburban police department outside of Chicago paid $500 in bitcoins to an unidentified hacker for relief from Cryptoware, another bit of malware capitalizing on the growing trend of ransomware.
The Chicago Tribune reported that police in Midlothian—located south of the city—first encountered Cryptoware in January. Someone initially opened an e-mail carrying the malware, thus inviting Cryptoware into the department to access a computer. As is standard in the ransomware script, soon a message popped up demanding money in exchange for a code that could free the device from Cryptoware.
Local IT professionals assured the paper that the hacker didn't access files in the police department's system, rather the Cryptoware scheme only encrypted swaths of department computers and made certain documents inaccessible. "It didn't encrypt everything in the police department. It was just that computer and specific files," Calvin Harden Jr., an IT vendor who works with the village, told the Tribune.
The paper noted that Midlothian now joins the city of Detroit and a Tennessee's sheriff's office as Cryptoware targets within the last year. (Tennessee paid a similar ransom; Detroit refused to comply.) Neither the village's police chief nor its mayor responded to the Tribune when asked if they'd pursue the hacker further, and an FBI spokesperson wouldn't confirm if the bureau was made aware of the incident.
For Midlothian, the reach of the Cryptoware scheme ultimately led to paying upfront rather than first pursuing the hacker. "Because the backups were also infected, the option was to pay the hacker and get the files unencrypted," Harden Jr. told the paper.
As Ars reported as far back as fall 2012 , malware that takes computers hostage until users pay a ransom keeps getting meaner. And the growing prevalence of Bitcoin and other digital payment systems makes it easier for online crooks to implement such schemes with little-to-no digital footprint. While law enforcement had some success stopping or slowing various ransomware , 2.0 versions have been discovered and ransomware has even expanded to mobile devices . So whether it's CryptoLocker Cryptowall , or now Cryptoware, it's a trend unlikely to disappear anytime soon.
Youth in Dheisheh refugee camp say threat of permanent injury will not stop protests during Israeli army raids. Wisam Hashlamoun APA images
On 18 December, Israeli forces raided the homes of Ahmad al-Seifi and Khalil al-Banna, two youths in Dheisheh refugee camp, near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank, and detained them.
According to a local source, al-Seifi and al-Banna are still in detention. The source, who is not being named for safety reasons, told The Electronic Intifada that al-Banna was shot in the knee and arrested earlier this year.
Residents of Dheisheh say they continue to be targeted with raids and arrests by an Israeli army unit under the command of a notoriously aggressive officer with Israel's domestic intelligence agency Shin Bet.
The officer, who goes by the alias “Captain Nidal,” has previously threatened to make “all youth in the camp disabled.”
In several testimonies gathered by The Electronic Intifada earlier this year, youth in the camp say Captain Nidal has been provoking them during confrontations and threatening them or causing severe physical harm, especially to their lower limbs.
“Break your head and kill you”
In November, Captain Nidal summoned Ahmad's relative, Bilal al-Seifi, for interrogation at two different West Bank checkpoints.
After Bilal refused to go to Qalandiya checkpoint near Ramallah on Captain Nidal's orders “due to fear for their life,” the officer proceeded to threaten the Palestinian youth and their family, according to Badil, a human rights group based in Bethlehem.
“I will come to you this time and break your head and kill you,” Captain Nidal reportedly told Bilal al-Seifi in a phone call. They added that they “would also kill their brothers, and arrest their sister and their mother,” Badil states.
Badil notes that the threats were made in late November, around the time Israeli forces shot dead a 48-year-old man at Qalandiya checkpoint, claiming they had tried to stab a soldier. No Israelis were injured.
Days earlier, Captain Nidal and a group of soldiers raided the al-Seifi family's apartment complex – where Ahmad, who was arrested last week, also lives – and destroyed the family's possessions.
The officer has threatened neighbors of the al-Seifi family, “informing them that they would be responsible if they saw Bilal in their home in the camp” and did not notify him, Badil states.
“This has created a very tense atmosphere in Dheisheh,” the source in the camp told The Electronic Intifada.
Badil says it is “very concerned by the continuous threats made by the Israeli occupying forces to Palestinian youth.”
“These actions by the Israeli forces are aimed to induce fear and are made all the more serious by the increase in the use of excessive force to suppress resistance and the targeting of Palestinian youth since mid-2016,” the group adds.
The Israeli violence and threats “make [residents] think about their kids in the streets – and about how unsafe they are even in their houses at night,” the source in Dheisheh added.
Nightly assaults
The raids experienced by Dheisheh residents are part of near-nightly assaults on communities by Israeli forces. On Tuesday night, for instance, Israeli forces detained at least 26 Palestinians in sweeping raids across the occupied West Bank.
Seven of those detained were children, 15-17 years old. They are all from the Bethlehem-area village of Beit Fajjar, the Ma'an News Agency reported.
The Israeli army conducted at least 100 raids and arrested approximately 120 Palestinians in the West Bank, including 29 children, in the first two weeks of December alone, according to the UN monitoring group OCHA.
Israeli soldiers regularly swarm Dheisheh camp to arrest residents, while assaulting and injuring youths who resist.
Muhammad Yasser Rizq al-Malhi, a teenage resident of Dheisheh, was violently assaulted by Israeli forces during a raid on 2 November, according to the Ma'an News Agency.
 They are currently being held in Ofer prison, near Ramallah, and suffers from severe pains due to fractures in their chest, doctors say. Al-Malhi was already severely injured at the time of their detention, having been shot with live bullets by Israeli forces several months earlier.
Shooting at knees
During confrontations between invading Israeli forces and camp youth on 12 December, soldiers shot and injured four Palestinians in their lower limbs, an indication that a long-standing pattern of targeting youths to cause deliberate injuries is continuing.
The soldiers shot the youths with stun grenades and live ammunition, according to Ma'an.
Under Captain Nidal's directives, least 18 youths – between 14 and 27 years old – were shot in their legs in July and August alone, as The Electronic Intifada reported.
Eight were shot directly in the knee and several more in both legs.
“They choose [to shoot at] the leg to disable and torture you,” a youth told The Electronic Intifada at the time.
During raids, snipers shoot protesters under Captain Nidal's directives, youths say.
Young Palestinians told the Tel Aviv newspaper Haaretz that they believe the Shin Bet officer is exacting revenge after someone took their photograph during a raid and posted it on Facebook.
Conventional wisdom among scientists for years has suggested that because individuals with Down syndrome have an extra chromosome, the disorder most likely results from the presence of too many genes or proteins contained in that additional structure.
But a recent study reveals that just the opposite could be true -- that a deficiency of a protein in the brain of Down syndrome patients could contribute to the cognitive impairment and congenital heart defects that characterize the syndrome.
Scientists have shown in a series of experiments that there are lower levels of this protein in the brains of humans and mice with Down syndrome than are present in humans and mice without the disorder.
The researchers also showed that manually manipulating pieces of RNA that regulate the protein could increase protein levels in both human cell lines and mouse brains. In fact, an experimental drug that acts on those RNA segments returned this protein to normal levels in mice that model the syndrome.
When this RNA segment is overexpressed -- meaning that more of it is present than needed in a cell -- the protein level goes down, or is underexpressed. A total of at least five of these RNA segments are naturally overexpressed in persons with Down syndrome because the segments are housed on chromosome 21 -- the chromosome that causes the disorder.
"We're talking about a paradigm-shifting idea that maybe we should look for underexpressed proteins and not overexpressed proteins in Down syndrome," said Terry Elton, senior author of the study and a professor of pharmacology at Ohio State University.
"What this offers to the Down syndrome community is the potential for at least five new therapeutic targets to pursue."
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that about 13 of every 10,000 babies born in the United States each year have Down syndrome, characterized primarily by a mild-to-moderate range of intellectual disabilities, possible delayed language development and difficulties with physical coordination.
The study is published in a recent issue of the Journal of Biological Chemistry.
Elton, also interim director of Ohio State's Davis Heart and Lung Research Institute, stumbled upon this theory about Down syndrome while working on a different protein associated with cardiovascular disease. It turns out the protein they have studied for 25 years was regulated by one of these microRNAs that is known to be housed on chromosome 21.
A key role of RNA in a cell is to make protein, and proteins are the building blocks of all life. But the process has many steps. MicroRNAs are small pieces of RNA that bind to messenger RNA, which contains the actual set of instructions for building proteins. When that connection is made, however, the microRNA inhibits the building of the protein. Why that occurs is not completely understood, but increasingly microRNAs are considered tiny molecules that have a big impact in a number of physiological processes.
For their cardiovascular disease research, Elton found that a genetic trait in some people caused one specific microRNA to be bad at its job, leading to high protein levels that contribute to cardiovascular disease. This malfunctioning molecule is called microRNA-155, or miR-155.
"So we became interested in miR-155, and it is on chromosome 21. That's how we jumped to Down syndrome," Elton said.
There is also a strong link between the heart and Down syndrome. About half of those with the syndrome are born with congenital heart defects -- problems with the heart's anatomy, not coronary arteries. But they do not experience cardiovascular disease or high blood pressure.
The advent of biomedical informatics has allowed scientists to use supercomputers to explore the human genome in a search for genes and their various relationships in the context of human disease. Elton consulted a bioinformatic database and found that five microRNAs sit on chromosome 21, and they and colleagues demonstrated in previous research that all five of them are overexpressed in the tissues, brains and hearts of Down syndrome patients.
"That means that whatever proteins these microRNAs work with are underexpressed," Elton said.
Further database exploration suggested that these five microRNAs target 1,695 proteins, all of which could cause problems in Down syndrome because they are underexpressed. To narrow that to a more manageable number, Elton's group had to make an educated guess based on a variety of data, including which proteins that are connected to these microRNAs are made by cells in the brain and heart -- two areas most commonly affected by Down syndrome.
A protein surfaced as an attractive target to study: methyl-CpG-binding protein 2, known as MeCP2. Among the reasons it seemed important: A mutation in this protein is already known to lead to Rett syndrome, a cognitive disorder.
"So we thought that it was more than a coincidence that this protein plays a role in normal brain development, and if the protein doesn't function right, you're going to have cognitive impairment. Maybe this is the connection," Elton said. "We still don't know if this is the most important protein related to Down syndrome. But we were able to go on and prove scientifically that MeCP2 is a target of these microRNAs on chromosome 21."
The researchers used just two of the five microRNAs on chromosome 21 for the experiments in this study, miR-155 and miR-802, to match the only microRNAs available in the genetically engineered mouse model of Down syndrome.
First, the researchers made copies of the relevant microRNAs. In human brain cell lines, they manipulated levels of those two molecules to show the inverse relationship with the protein. If the microRNAs were more active, the level of the MeCP2 protein went down. When the microRNAs were underexpressed, the protein levels went up.
Next, the researchers examined adult and fetal human brain tissue from healthy and Down syndrome samples obtained from a national tissue bank.
"In both adult and fetal Down syndrome brain samples, it didn't matter which area of the brain we were looking at, the MeCP2 proteins were down. These are just observations with no manipulation on our part, and the MeCP2 is almost non-existent in the Down syndrome brain," Elton said. "We marked the protein with a fluorescent molecule, and by comparison, we could visualize and appreciate how much MeCP2 was being made by neurons in the control samples."
MeCP2 is a transcription factor, meaning it turns genes on and off. If its levels are too low in the brain, this suggests that genes influenced by its presence should be malfunctioning, too. Based on previous research by another group, Elton and colleagues focused on two genes affected by the MeCP2 protein for their next set of experiments.
Looking again at the human brain tissue samples, they found that the genes were indeed affected by the lowered protein level in Down syndrome brains -- one gene that MeCP2 normally silences was in abundance, and the gene that should have been activated was underexpressed. Because the two genes examined have known roles in neural development, Elton said the results suggested even more strongly that the lowered protein's effects on the genes likely contribute to cognitive problems associated with Down syndrome.
Finally, the researchers tested an experimental drug called an antagomir on mice that serve as models for Down syndrome research. Antagomirs are relatively new agents that render microRNAs inactive. The scientists injected an antagomir into the brains of these mice to silence the miR-155 with the intent to increase levels of the MeCP2 protein. Seven days after the injection, the level of the protein in the treated mouse brains resembled levels in normal mouse brains.
"We showed that we can fix the protein abnormality in mice that model Down syndrome. But we can't undo the pathology that has already occurred," Elton said. "It's a starting point, but it appears that we have new therapeutic targets to consider."
This work was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the Foundation Jerome Lejeune.
Co-authors of the study were Donald Kuhn, Gerard Nuovo, Mickey Martin, Geraldine Malana, Sarah Sansom, Adam Pleister and David Feldman of Ohio State's Davis Heart and Lung Research Institute; Alvin Terry Jr. and Wayne Beck of Medical College of Georgia's Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology; and Elizabeth Head of the Institute for Brain Aging and Dementia, Department of Neurology, University of California, Irvine.
Real Madrid Attempted to explain defender's ailment
Although Dani Carvajal appears to be over the worst of the viral condition which has left them out of action for Real Madrid, coach Zinedine Zidane warned that they can't be rushed back to action.
The defender was diagnosed with pericarditis in September and has not trained or played for Los Blancos since then.
Zidane attempted to explain the problem for the 25-year-old and doesn't want to take any unnecessary risks with the defender's health.
"You know what Dani has and when it comes to the heart, we can't take chances," they said to the assembled media.
"You have to have a little more patience given what has happened to him.
"He's doing well and the people who are overseeing their recovery are doing a perfect job.
"We want Dani to be 100 percent but it will maybe take a week or two weeks, let's wait and see.
"He wants to get back too but what's most important is their health."
The opening panels of “Dark Knight III: The Master Race” depict a break-in at the Batcave. A display case containing the imposing costume of Batman, the DC vigilante, is smashed open and their emblematic cape and cowl are stolen, leaving only a bare mannequin.
This sequence can be seen as metaphor for the transformative effect that the “Dark Knight” comics, created by the artist and writer Frank Miller, have had on the 76-year-old Batman superhero.
When their original series, “Batman: The Dark Knight Returns,” was published in 1986, its depiction of an older Bruce Wayne, who had returned to fight crime after a period of retirement, reinvigorated the character. It was a shadowy hero for a new generation and it helped strip away the colorful affectations of the 1960s “Batman” TV show.
Beginning with Mr. Miller's comics and culminating with Christopher Nolan's multibillion-dollar “Dark Knight” movie franchise, this somber Batman became the character's definitive incarnation.
6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
More than 200 people arrested this past week in the Baltimore riots were not charged, after Maryland's new Republican governor, Larry Hogan, suspended the state's habeas corpus law via executive order. The law limits detention without charge to 24 hours.
Remarking on the suspension of the most vital legal protection of all time, Hogan asserted the measure was “necessary to protect the public safety.”
The treatment was imposed after protests raged over the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray, who died in police custody earlier this month.
Also implemented by the governor as part of a state of emergency, a 10pm to 5am curfew on Tuesday, enforced by 1,500 national guard troops. Police in riot gear drove off a crowd with teargas and smoke grenades, after hundreds of protesters defied the mandate.
The city is also imposing bail bonds of up to half a million dollars on the city's poorest residents.
101 of those detained without charge were released from detention on Wednesday night after dozens of petitions filed with the city's public defenders led to a retreat by state and local officials.
Many of those released had been held for over two days with no charges filed against them after police failed to produce a basis for their arrest.
Baltimore Deputy District Public Defender Natalie Finegar said 82 habeas corpus petitions were filed to the attorney general's office before the decision was made to release 101 “detainees.”
Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts admitted that the legal time-frame had elapsed for police to hold the prisoners, but said they intended to relaunch investigations against them in the future.
Finegar said the decision to hold so many “without any respect for due process [could] further shake the confidence in the criminal justice system for those arrested.”
They said many of those detained had complained of the harsh conditions in jail and said they went 18 hours without food before being given inedible bread.
Protests in Baltimore remained peaceful throughout Thursday. Around 2,000 people rallied around City Hall and marched to Penn Station, but dispersed before the 10pm curfew.
6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Vintage Wwii U.s Navy Stream Turbine Gear
$50000.0
Chiang Kai Shek Kuomintang Republic Of China Navy Chinese Civil War Photo Album
$32449.99
Vintage General Electric High Powered Searchlight
$30000.0
1869 John Scott Antique British Painting Civil War Navy Ship Battleship Nautical
$28000.0
Rare Document 1750 French Navy Treaty Of Construction Contract King Louis Xv
$27500.0
Morningstar Inc. CEO Joe Mansueto this month plans to sell Time Out Chicago for $4 million to the partnership that owns the brand in other cities, according to sources familiar with the transaction.
The partnership that owns the chain is led by London-based Oakley Capital Investments Ltd., a financial advisory business and asset manager that has more than a $1 billion in assets. Mr. Mansueto declined to comment and Oakley couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
As part of the transaction, the weekly publication's current top executives in Chicago will exit the city magazine's operation in April and the partnership will replace them with a new management team, the sources said. The departures will include that of president and editor-in-chief Frank Sennett, publisher Randy Hano, and three other top executives.
The Time Out Chicago editorial staff also faces job cuts as a result of the transaction, according to an employee at the publication. The magazine has been a source of calendar listings for music, theater and other entertainment events in the city as well as restaurant reviews, snappy features and timely columnist coverage of Chicago happenings since it launched in 2005.
After the ownership change, Time Out Chicago will shift to a digital-only format, eliminating the print publication, the sources said. That news was reported earlier today by the Chicago Sun-Times. The transaction is expected to close later this month.
That change is in keeping with the digital strategy pursued by the Oakley partnership in other cities, such as Paris and Los Angeles, where it launched a magazine in last year. It's only remaining print publications are in New York and London. It also covers cities across the globe online from Boston to Dubai to Berlin.
We all love grilled cheese, but did you know that on April 12th, the entire day is dedicated to America's favorite cheesy, gooey, and buttery sandwich? This is the perfect excuse to indulge in one — or two!
Click here to see the 12 Delicious Takes on Grilled Cheese Sandwiches (Slideshow)
Little Muenster, a New York based grilled cheese shop, will be honoring this cheesy holiday by offering patrons a free tomato soup with purchase of a sandwich. The Daily Meal team was lucky enough to try a few of the grown-up grilled cheese sandwiches — and dipping them in tomato soup (as recommended) was an absolute must. Some of our favorites were the pork belly with smoked Gruyére, the butternut squash, and the crispy pancetta with leek confit and chévre.
Little Muenster will also be unveiling a new spring melt on April 12th, so be sure to keep a close eye on their Twitter for news. With locations in Manhattan's Lower East Side and Brooklyn's DUMBO, make sure you visit Little Muenster this Saturday for one cheese-filled celebration.
Emily Jacobs is the Recipe editor at The Daily Meal. Follow them on Twitter @EmilyRecipes.
USBFlashCopy USBFlashCopy is a small Windows utility to back up your flash drives and storage cards on the fly. It runs in the background and copies files from inserted media to a safe location on your hard drive. Silent Stealth Mode For experienced users USBFlashCopy can run completely invisible. No icons, no progress bars, no prompts, it just does the job. This feature requires purchasing a key. Your browser does not support the video tag. Download | Download (No installer) | Buy ( USD 9.95 ) *
*You need to purchase a key to unlock Silent Mode or use for business, otherwise USBFlashCopy is free Free for Non-Commercial use USBFlashCopy is free for non-commercial use. You also need an unlock key to use Silent Mode Nothing to install Simply download and run. No installation, no registry entries. Small USBFlashCopy is a really small utility taking no more than 300KB of space, it doesn't require additional libraries, frameworks or anything else to download and install. Portable Run USBFlashCopy from any folder or drive. Simple and clever USBFlashCopy automatically detects when you insert a media and copies its content to a safe location. By default, it creates a sub-folder for each removable media in "My Documents\Removable Media Backups". Support Profiles Create profiles with separate settings for different flash sticks or storage cards. You can change default settings for new or rarely used medias. Copies newer files only USBFlashCopy copies only newer or updated files, you can optionally keep old versions of the files. Move your settings USBFlashCopy keeps its settings in an INI file, automatically created in the folder it is running from. Copy USBFlashCopy.ini along with executable to keep your settings. System requirements USBFlashCopy can be used almost on any PC that has 1 MB of free hard drive space and is running Microsoft Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10 32/64 bit.
Django and Python 3 (Take 2)
About 18 months ago I blogged about Django and Python 3, I gave the official roadmap. Not a lot has changed since then unfortunately, we've dropped 2.3 entirely, 2.4 is on it's way out, but there's no 3.X support in core. One fun thing has changed though: I get to help set the roadmap, which is a) cool, b) means the fact that I care about Python 3 counts for something. I'm not going to get into "Why Py3k", because that's been done to death, but it's a better language, that I'd rather program in, so the only question is how do we get there.
I posted a while ago on Hacker News that I foresaw Python 3 support by the end of this summer. I still think that's reasonable, but there's a tiny unspoken question there: how do we go from 0 to there. I have an answer! Drum roll please... it turns out, as a student, I tend to have a lot of free time over the summer, and Google has this lovely thing called Google Summer of Code, where they give students money to work on open source. So I'd like to make Python 3 support for Django a GSOC project this summer. With myself either mentoring or student-ing. I don't care which role I take, just that someone who's committed to the project takes it on. I think this task is eminently reasonable for the timeline, especially in light of the work done by Martin von LÃ¶wis which, even though it probably doesn't apply, lays a lot of the ground work and identifies a lot of the key issues (and features a lot of utilities which will probably be of use).
All that being said any statements here or elsewhere (especially one involving timelines) reflects my personal goals and beliefs, not necessarily any other Django core developers, and certainly not an official project position.
Former NFL player Greg Hardy will compete in their first MMA contest when they meet Joe Hawkins in an amateur heavyweight bout at Rise of a Warrior 21 on Nov. 4 at the Havert L. Fenn Center in Fort Pierce, Fla.
The news was confirmed by MMA Fighting's Ariel Helwani after Hardy tweeted a response to a fan who was asking when they would fight (h/t to MMA Today):
Thank you and God bless bro pic.twitter.com/N4BVSVzQmC — Greg Hardy (@GregHardyJr) October 13, 2017
Hardy, 29, was involved in a highly publicized domestic violence case in May 2014 when their girlfriend reported that they assaulted them and threatened to kill them After initially receiving 18 months probation, Hardy appealed the verdict and the charges were later dropped when the alleged victim failed to testify.
The Carolina Panthers did not re-sign Hardy following the accusations, and they would play 12 games for the Dallas Cowboys in the 2015-2016 season before they too declined to bring Hardy back.
Hardy has been working with the American Top Team gym to prepare for their fighting career. In an appearance on The MMA Hour this past February, Hardy said that training in MMA was beneficial to them moving on from their controversial past.
“It's helped me a lot of ways,” Hardy said. “I have a lot of problems as a human being. It's not something that you do, just walking around saying ‘I'm perfect' or ‘I'm good.' Man, I have a lot of different issues that I'm definitely working through and working on. I would say this helps me channel everything. It helps me just come back down to Earth, be humble, because these are machines that I see everyday. I get choked out, punched in the face, and laid out on the mat daily, and that's not something that a guy my size and my stature with my history has every come across.
“It's a humbling experience, man,” they continued. “Actually, it's making me really appreciative of everything that I've had and everything that I have, and the opportunity that I have to kinda come in and show myself as a guy that is not what everybody says on TV, or, ‘he's not a monster, he's not a killer, a woman beater,' this, that and the other. It gives me an opportunity to just come in, be a humble guy, and learn, and honestly just be at the feet of all these champions who walk around like they're just normal guys ... and have the opportunity to make myself better one more time, one last time in sports and life in general.”
Scotland Yard say they believe 350 people were in the west London tower when fire broke out
The number of people who died in the Grenfell Tower fire will remain at about 80, police believe.
Scotland Yard said they thought 350 people were in the tower when fire ripped through it last month.
They said 255 people had survived and another 14 residents were not in their flats at the time of the blaze.
It is the first time Scotland Yard has given a figure for the number of residents in the west London tower when the fire broke out. They believe the number of dead will stay at about 80 despite suggestions from some independent experts that the toll could be more than 100.
The figures were given at a press conference on Monday. Police said claims that hundreds were still missing were incorrect.
Police said they were starting from the point that the 80 deaths resulted potentially from manslaughter. Assistant commissioner Martin Hewitt said: “This fire should not have happened and as a result of that fire a large number of people have lost their lives.”
Police revealed one call from a desperate resident to a 999 operator lasted 55 minutes. The advice to residents to “stay put” in the event of a fire will be part of the investigation, which will examine why it spread so quickly.
Commander Stuart Cundy said the criminal investigation would bring whoever is to blame to justice. “You can't listen to the families and listen to the 999 calls and not want to hold people to account for a fire that should not have happened,” they said.
Police said 73 people had been reported missing. Of these, experts have been able to positively identify 32 victims. But so great was the inferno that raged at 1,000C that 41 people have not been identified so far.
It is understood that families have been told that the remains of their loved ones were so badly damaged by fire that it would not be possible to return them.
Experts are going through tonnes of debris, often in tiny pieces, by hand to detect anything that may be human. Devastation in the block of flats is worst from the eighth floor upwards, police said. DCI Andy Chalmers said British police had taken advice from experts in New York who recovered remains and identified victims after the attacks on the US on 11 September 2001.
Grenfell Tower contained 129 flats, most of which were one- or two-bed properties. Police have been unable to trace survivors from 23 flats.
Chalmers said the intensity meant some people would not be identified. There is evidence that as the fire spread, residents moved around the block looking for safety.
Postmortems so far have recorded the cause of death as the effects of fire. Chalmers said: “There are a lot of different gases released as a result of the fire.”
Coming Soon
American Son
An estranged interracial couple searches for answers about their missing son. Based on the Broadway play. Kerry Washington and Steven Pasquale star.
Upstarts
Determined to ride the burgeoning wave of startup companies, three college graduates set out to change the world while making millions.
ReMastered: The Lion's Share
A journalist seeking the author of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" discovers the story of Solomon Linda and finds their family living in the slums of Soweto.
Jacob and the Sea Beast
In their mission to stop a tyrannical captain and save a kidnapped infant, charming seafarer Jacob finds an unlikely ally in a sea monster.
KAOS
This genre-bending series puts a modern twist on Greek and Roman mythology, exploring themes of gender politics, power and life in the underworld.
Wonderland
Just out of prison and investigating a twisted murder, Spenser is sucked back into Boston's underbelly. Based on the popular books; Mark Wahlberg stars.
Chambers
Consumed by the mystery surrounding the donor heart that saved their lives, a young patient starts taking on sinister characteristics of the deceased.
Burn Out
When their son's mom runs afoul of Paris's criminal underworld, a thrill-seeking superbike racer begins moonlighting as a drug courier to clear their debt.
Giles Clarke, along with N Srinivasan, is likely to be one of the front-runners for the post of ICC chairperson © Getty Images
The BCCI is likely to recommend an ethics commission inquiry against former ICC official David Becker for having gone public with confidential information related to the game's governance in a statement last week. The ICC's executive board will meet in London on October 17 and 18, and it is expected that the Becker statement will be brought into focus again.
In their statement released to the media last week, Becker had said it was "improper" to allow a member body to "blatantly disregard an ICC resolution".
Becker was referring to the uncertainty over India's tour of South Africa, which was originally scheduled to begin on November 18. Becker had left the ICC in July 2012, due to what they called "questionable governance" within the organisation. Their statement listed three examples, all relating to the "dominance of BCCI President N Srinivasan"; the "most concerning one" related to the FTP issue over the Indian tour to South Africa.
The BCCI's plan to call for an Ethics Committee inquiry is said to be based on their "evidence" that, at the time of making a public statement, Becker was an acting advisor to Cricket South Africa. BCCI insiders allege that Becker's statement came at the behest of an "aide" within CSA. The BCCI is expected to use this argument to appeal to other Full Members to avoid recurrence of a Becker-like situation that could be, in the words of a BCCI insider, "damaging" for the governance of cricket by any official involved in the game.
Another important issue that is likely to come up for discussion during the two-day meeting is the appointment of the first ICC chairperson, an all-powerful executive head of ICC. In 2012, the ICC executive board had reduced the role of the ICC president to a ceremonial one and amended its constitution, vesting executive powers in the chairperson. The 10 Full Members had unanimously agreed that the ICC president's post would become a rotational one from 2014 while a chairperson would lead the executive board and take all important decisions.
It is understood that N Srinivasan and Giles Clarke, the two main contenders for the post of chairperson, met over lunch on Tuesday.
The executive board had stated that the creation of the post of chairperson was "consistent with recommendations in the Woolf Report." Lord Woolf, leading the ICC's independent governance review, had submitted a 60-page report last year wherein they made 65 radical recommendations. One of their recommendations was a complete revamp of the ICC's executive structure, while another suggested a decline in the role of Full Members and the handover of powers to independent directors. Of all their recommendations, the creation of the post of chairperson has been taken on by ICC's executive board with alacrity.
According to the Woolf recommendations, the ICC's chairperson should not hold any leadership or executive post in their home boards. It is a condition that may be of interest both to Srinivasan, the BCCI president, and Clarke, chairperson of the England and Wales Cricket Board. The agenda for the meeting does not feature Becker or the position of the ICC chairperson, but discussions are likely to be held on the sidelines and have their own consequences.
One of the more important points on the agenda concerns the discussion and final decision on the four venues of the World Twenty20, scheduled to be played in Bangladesh between March 16 and April 6, 2014.
After its annual conference in June, ICC had extended the deadline to August to ensure that the four venues met required standards. The report of the ICC's inspection panel, which recently completed its tour of the four venues - Sylhet, Cox's Bazaar, Chittagong and Mirpur - will be submitted to the executive board.
The ICC's executive board comprises the heads of every Full Member board, three representatives from the Associates and Affiliates, and the ICC's president, vice-president and chief executive.
Amol Karhadkar is a correspondent at ESPNcricinfo; Nagraj Gollapudi is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
A rare sight has arrived in Weston Turvile and it's getting birders in a flap.
A juvenile osprey has set up home at the village's reservoir because it is a fantastic place to catch fish.
Osprey 20092015 Weston Turville.
Birders from around Bucks and surrounding counties have flocked to see the rare sight.
Ospreys have been sighted in the county, but the fact that this one has stayed for nearly two weeks is exciting for enthusiasts.
Photographer and twitcher Martin Ansley, who captured this stunning image of the fishing osprey, said: “ A juvenile osprey has been around the reservoir for over a week now being seen most days by birders.
“It is amazing to watch this bird fishing from the dive to the lift off from the water with fish if successful.”
The bird was first spotted by members of Bucks Bird Club, who documented the sighting on their website.
Ospreys were reintroduced into Scotland in the 1950s after previously being extinct.
At this time of year the birds traditionally migrate to sunnier climbs in Africa or the south of France, but the bird spotted in Weston Turvile has decided to stick around for the time being.
Migration begins after the birds have raised the chicks conceived during their March mating season.
John Gearing, chairperson of the Bucks Bird Club, said: “In Bucks this is extremely rare so it is very exciting to see one.
“Ospreys are fish eaters so when they are migrating they stop off to catch fish, there must be plenty of fish because the bird is still there now.
“It's been there over ten days which is very unusual, I'm not sure how happy the anglers will be about it, but for birders it's a wonderful sight.”
They added: “Lots of Bucks birders have been to see the osprey, and people from surrounding counties too.
“In the centre of England it is not common to see them and we probably only see one or two during migration season.
“They are not a rare bird though, in the USA you see them much more frequently, even nesting on telegraph poles.”
The stronghold for ospreys is still Scotland, but they have also been sighted settled in Wales and at Rutland Water in the midlands.
To find out more about the osprey sightings visit www.bucksbirdclub.co.uk
Imagine it's noon and there's a work emergency in the London office and you're stuck in Manchester 260 miles away. It's four-hour drive or a two-hour trip on National Rail. But that's okay. You take out your mobile, order a self-driving vehicle to pick you up and take you to the Manchester Hyperloop portal. Thirty minutes later, you emerge from the London portal.
We're a startup in Los Angeles commercializing the technology that can make that happen. Hyperloop is an all-electric, direct high-speed connection that shrinks the cost of time and distance. SpaceX founder Elon Musk floated the idea in 2013 to use linear electric motors to propel levitated vehicles at airplane speeds through near-vacuum tubes. Hamburg to Berlin in 19 minutes. Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes. You can live in one city and commute to another in the time it takes to read this. The Hyperloop is autonomous, energy efficient, and we hope to to make it as comfortable as a Lexus and safer than a train - and much safer than a car.
Image: Hyperloop One
This isn't the stuff of science fiction. We demonstrated our propulsion system in May. We're working toward a full-system test early next year at our site in the Nevada desert. We have commercial deals in Dubai, Russia, the Nordics, and the United States to produce detailed feasibility studies for passenger and cargo systems.
Elon Musk has joked that experts call the Hyperloop either obvious - or impossible. We believe it is possible, but we face some difficult challenges unlike those faced by most tech startups.
Most fledgling firms raise a few million, build some software, launch, listen and iterate. Our engineering challenges are more complex; we're building something that has never existing before, such as a non-mechanical switching system for pods moving at subsonic speeds spaced only 10 seconds apart.
What we're doing is more like SpaceX or Tesla, except that some engineers knew how to build rockets and cars. Our technology stack doesn't even exist. We also need to innovate in areas of finance, in order to raise the eventual tens of billions of dollars to finance Hyperloop projects worldwide. Our regulatory challenges would also keep lawyers up at night; we need to work with regulators and state agencies to create a new legal framework under which Hyperloop can operate safely for all.
While the engineering and finance teams address some of the challenges, the regulatory challenges fall to the many of us across the business and legal teams. Here are three ways we're going about addressing our peculiar regulatory challenges.
First, we will ask for permission and not seek forgiveness. Uber, Airbnb, Google, PayPal have all pushed the envelope of what's legally permitted with more successes than defeats. They're super smart companies. But we can't operate that way. Like companies deploying phone networks or building bridges, we need permission even before we sell a service. We do not have the luxury of merely asking for forgiveness afterwards. We have to work with government agencies to make the system failsafe.
We are actually big fans of regulation, when it makes sense and is appropriate. The public should have assurances that a government agency has been involved to ensure appropriate access to rights of way and sufficient safety protocols. We are addressing this challenge partly by openly working with governments and partnering with entities that have considerable experience with governments. For example, two of our investors are the global ports operator DP World (partially owned by the Dubai government) and SNCF (France's state-owned railway). Partnerships like these will provide tremendous insight into how governments entities work and how we can work with them.
An illustration of Hyperloop freight trains Image: Hyperloop One
Second, we will need a new framework of regulation. The Hyperloop doesn't fit into any existing category. It has more in common with an airplane than a train, and not even much in common with a metro system. It is like a car in that you can leave when you want, but, technologically, has way more in common with aerospace. Most countries divide up oversight of transport among different modes - with a rail authority, an aviation authority, a transit authority, and so on. We need to create a compact with local government agencies to ensure that laws will be tailored to our technology and business, but that the public interest will also be served. We have to ensure we don't fall between siloed regulators with conflicting statutes, thus setting back progress for largely arbitrary or historical reasons.
Third, we will go where transportation innovation is welcome. It is our duty to make the benefits of Hyperloop so widely shared and to create so much value for countries that they will go out of their way to make it easy for us to build. Google Fiber is an example of a superior product that led citizens to rise up, alongside city governments, and demand its regulatory approval. We're not looking for the biggest handout - many of our projects will attract substantial private funding to reduce the taxpayer burden - but the most innovative governments will be able to attract us with reforms that streamline permitting processes and and assign a single point of contact in government to accelerate the build-out. Our build out schedule may simply track to those nations and cities whose governments are most innovative and forward-looking when it comes to the future of transportation and technology.
The great filter is the sum total of all of the obstacles that stand in the way of a simple dead planet (or similar sized material) proceeding to give rise to a cosmologically visible civilization. As there are 280 stars in the observable universe, and 260 within a billion light years, a simple dead planet faces at least roughly 60 to 80 factors of two obstacles to birthing a visible civilization within 13 billion years. If there is panspermia, i.e., a spreading of life at some earlier stage, the other obstacles must be even larger by the panspermia life-spreading factor.
We know of a great many possible candidate filters, both in our past and in our future. The total filter could be smooth, i.e. spread out relatively evenly among all of these candidates, or it could be lumpy, i.e., concentrated in only one or a few of these candidates. It turns out that we should hope for the filter to be lumpy.
For example, imagine that there are 15 plausible filter candidates, 10 in our past and 5 in our future. If the filter is maximally smooth, then given 60 total factors of two, each candidate would have four factors of two, leaving twenty in our future, for a net chance for us now of making it through the rest of the filter of only one in a million. On the other hand, if the filter is maximally lumpy, and all concentrated in only one random candidate, then we have a 2/3 chance of facing no filter at all in our future. Thus a lumpy filter gives us a much better chance of making it.
For “try-try” filters, a system can keep trying over and over until it succeeds. If a set of try-try steps must all succeed within the window of life on Earth, then the actual times to complete each step must be drawn from the same distribution, and so take similar times. The time remaining after the last step must also be drawn from a similar distribution.
A year ago I reported on a new study estimating that 1.75 to 3.25 billion years remains for life on Earth. This is a long time, and implies that there can't be many prior try-try filter steps within the history of life on Earth. Only one or two, and none in the last half billion years. This suggests that the try-try part of the great filter is relatively lumpy, at least for the parts that have and will take place on Earth. Which according to the analysis above is good news.
Of course there can be other kinds of filter steps. For example, perhaps life has to hit on the right sort of genetic code right from the start; if life hits on the wrong code, life using that code will entrench itself too strongly to let the right sort of life take over. This sort of filter steps need not be roughly evenly distributed in time, and so timing data doesn't say much about how lumpy or uniform are those steps.
It is nice to have some good news. Though I should also remind you of the bad news that anthropic analysis suggests that selection effects make future filters more likely than you would have otherwise thought.
GD Star Rating
loading...
"Here we show how power is likely to be burning up your pounds by 2020," The Sun wrote in July, under their graphic of RWE npower's consumer energy forecast. Likely is clearly a subjective word, but a careful examination of the graphic suggests the UK's best-selling newspaper is pushing it to its imaginative limits.
The data in question were npower's predictions of how much average consumer energy bills will rise by 2020, and what factors will be responsible for the changes. In the report, npower claims the government's energy efficiency and renewable energy policies are a key driver – labelled "green" – predicting that prices will rise from £1,247 in 2013 to £1,487 by 2020 (the Guardian reported on the npower predictions here).
The Sun, in a colour-coded effort to make the figures understandable, displayed the forecast as a bar graph. The problem was that the dimension of each bar's coloured section, representing the four main components of energy bills, did not match the data. Take the 2013 bar as an example: "green" policies account for £185 of the total £1,247, whereas "production" is nearly three times larger at £565. The figures are displayed correctly, but the graph's proportions are not. "Green" is a hulking great section of the bar at the bottom, with "production" in a slightly smaller section at the top. At a glance, the graph suggests green policies are the single biggest energy cost to a consumer, despite them actually being the smallest.
Here's how the graph should have looked, with the Sun's version for comparison:
The Sun was able to calculate accurately how big the 2020 bar should be compared to 2013. It is, it seems, not an issue of arithmetic. Instead, there was a distortion of the graph which exaggerates the economic cost of green energy policies. The move won the piece a re-posting on the website of the The Global Warming Policy Foundation, a group known for its campaigning against climate change action.
Barefaced climate change denial has become rarer in recent years, as the scientific evidence has become overwhelming and the debate has moved on to what actions need to be taken and how quickly. But, as The Sun's misadventure in graphics has shown, those opposed to tackling global warming are still finding ways to spread their scepticism.
When asked to respond to my questions about their graphic, The Sun chose to make no comment. Instead, they removed the graph from the online article, which is now accessible only behind their paywall.
Polls show that Americans under 30 are still inclined to support Mr. Obama by a wide margin. But the president may face a particular challenge among voters ages 18 to 24. In that group, their lead over Mitt Romney — 12 points — is about half of what it is among 25- to 29-year-olds, according to an online survey this spring by the Harvard Institute of Politics. And among whites in the younger group, Mr. Obama's lead vanishes altogether.
Among all 18- to 29-year-olds, the poll found a high level of undecided voters; 30 percent indicated that they had not yet made up their mind. And turnout among this group is expected to be significantly lower than for older voters.
“The concern for Obama, and the opportunity for Romney, is in the 18- to 24-year-olds who don't have the historical or direct connection to the campaign or the movement of four years ago,” said John Della Volpe, director of polling at the Harvard Institute of Politics. “We're also seeing that these younger members of this generation are beginning to show some more conservative traits. It doesn't mean they are Republican. It means Republicans have an opportunity.”
Experts say the impact of the recession and the slow recovery should not be underestimated. The newest potential voters — some 17 million people — have been shaped more by harsh economic times in their formative years than by anything else, and that force does not tend to be galvanizing in a positive way.
For 18- and 19-year-olds, the unemployment rate as of May was 23.5 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . For those ages 20 to 24, the rate falls to 12.9 percent, compared with the national unemployment rate of 8.2 percent for all ages. The impact of the recession on the young has created a disillusionment about politics in general, several experts suggested.
“I think the lack of excitement right now is palpable enough to be a challenge to the re-election campaign” of Mr. Obama, said Peter Levine, director of the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University .
The Romney campaign intends to seize the moment, with new online and campus-based initiatives rolling out in the next few weeks, said Joshua Baca, the campaign's national coalition director. They said the message would be simple: Mr. Obama's economic policies are not working for young people.
Photo
The strategy? “Dorm room to dorm room” or “parent's basement to parent's basement, wherever they are because of the economy, that's where we'll be going,” Mr. Baca said. “The key to this is having a very strong volunteer base to knock on doors.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For its part, the Obama campaign has already started outreach efforts focusing on teenagers in high school. It has organized youth rallies in swing states over the last few months and plans to be a force on college campuses in the fall.
Campaign officials expressed confidence.
“Young people know what's at stake,” said Clo Ewing, an Obama campaign spokesperson. “So just as they came out in huge numbers to organize and lead a movement in 2008, their energy and commitment will help build this campaign again in 2012.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In 2008, Mr. Obama was the first to recognize the full power of the youth vote as a game changer, and their timing coincided with a political awakening among young Americans after a tumultuous period that included the Sept. 11 attacks, the beginning of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars and the government failures during Hurricane Katrina .
But since then, the mood of the country has changed. Beyond that, Republicans in several states have recently passed more restrictive election laws, which they say will fight fraud; Democrats say they will make it harder for some of their main constituencies — youths, for instance — to vote.
Mr. Tevlin, the Indiana student, said their exhaustive search for meaningful summer employment was so futile that they took a job cleaning toilets and septic tanks. “I think we're in pretty deep trouble, and the future, as far as jobs, is not looking good at all,” they said.
A political science major, Mr. Tevlin has become more cynical over recent years. “I see lies and I hear lies, nothing gets past partisanship, and I don't believe anything,” they said. “I think the party system is stupid.”
In the last three general elections, young voters have given Democrats a majority of their votes, according to exit polls.
Today, specifically, the youngest potential voters are more likely than their older peers to think it is important to protect individual liberties from government, the Harvard data suggest, and less likely to think it is important to tackle things like climate change , health care or immigration .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Tevlin, for instance, found the Supreme Court ruling upholding Mr. Obama's health care law troubling.
“I don't think the government should force you to buy anything,” they said.
Brandon Dennis is one voter who says they are open to someone new. Mr. Dennis, 20, comes from a black family of Obama supporters. But when they came of age to vote, they registered as an independent.  They are listening to Mr. Romney's appeals.
“This time, it's more about what you're going to do for the economy,” said Mr. Dennis, a chemistry major at Clark Atlanta University.
Vanessa Espinoza, 19, who lives in eastern Iowa , says they do care about this election but has been unable to commit to a political party. As a conservative Catholic, they side with Republicans on issues like abortion . As a full-time factory worker without health insurance , they favor the president's health care law, which may have finally swayed them
Still, their endorsement is less than resounding.
“I lean a little toward Obama,” they said. “I guess.”
See Also: Ten Favorite Places in Metro Phoenix for Craft Beer by the Bottle (or the Can)
Last week, Arizona's brand-new growler laws went into effect. As we explained here, Arizona beer nerds can now take home 64oz of their favorite draft beer from some of their favorite craft beer watering holes.
The operative word, however, is some. A few of our coveted craft beer go-to spots that have licenses are classified as restaurants and cannot sell you beer to go.
Continue Reading
Here's how the actual law reads:
A BAR, BEER AND WINE BAR, LIQUOR STORE, BEER AND WINE STORE OR DOMESTIC MICROBREWERY LICENSEE WHO DISPENSES BEER ONLY IN A CLEAN GLASS CONTAINER WITH A MAXIMUM CAPACITY THAT DOES NOT EXCEED ONE GALLON AND NOT FOR CONSUMPTION ON THE PREMISES
So if you are technically a restaurant that serves beer and not a bar that serves food, you're out of growler luck.
There are still plenty of places to get those growlers filled but first let's go over three very important rules.
Rule Number One -- you absolutely cannot purchase a growler for $12 and then proceed to drink it at the bar. You Must take it home.
Rule Number Two -- No dirty growlers. You cannot bring in your dirty-ass growler and expect your awesome bartender to fill it up. This should be common sense but there's always that one guy out there that's going to bring in their rank smelly growler without a second thought.
(There are three reason why you need to clean your growlers, guys...
1. You don't want to contaminate the bar with whatever has decided to make its home in your growler.
2. You don't want to contaminate your new beer.
3. You don't want to get sick from said contaminated beer.
All you have to do is give it a good rinse with really hot water and then dry it upside down. And make sure you get wash the cap. Easy! But if your growler does happen to need more than a good rinse, check out our friend at Beer PHXation's extensive guide to getting you know your growler right here.)
Rule Number Three -- Don't forget to tip your bartender. Just because you are taking it home doesn't mean they didn't pour it for you. Throw them a buck or two for filling your jug.
Now that you know the rules, here's where you can get your clean growler filled and how much you can fill it for.
O.H.S.O. -- $12 -- Buy one of their growlers for $5 or bring your own. O.H.S.O.'s down to fill your growler with anything they have on tap. Keep an eye on Facebook for growler specials. TT Roadhouse -- $ 16 - $25 -- The bartenders here will fill any clean growler with any of their draft beers. The bar will be getting their own growlers sometime next week, which will cost you $8.
Papago Brewing Company -- Prices vary-- Any clean growler (theirs are $8) with almost anything on tap. Some beers won't be available like, say, if they tap a keg of Dogfish Head 120 Minute. That's not going in a growler. Taste of Tops -- $12 for the 16oz menu / $18 for the 10oz menu -- Like Papago, any clean growler (although the Taste of Tops growlers are pretty cool looking, so you might be tempted) with almost any beer.
Flanny's Bar & Grill -- $12 and up -- Clean growler, any label, some exceptions.
Whole Foods Chandler, Tempe, Scottsdale, Raintree, and Paradise Valley -- $8 - $14 for 32oz, $12-24 for 64oz -- All the Valley Whole Foods will fill their growlers ($4) with all of their draft beers except the stuff on the nitro taps. Be on the lookout for sweet sales on their jugs o' beer.
Yucca Tap Room -- These guys are still on the growler fence. Currently they are NOT filling growlers but they may in the future. We'll keep you updated.
Follow Chow Bella on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest.
The popular Dutch security researcher Victor Gevers has discovered thousands of Bitcoin miners left exposed on the Internet.
The popular security researcher Victor Gevers, the founder of the GDI Foundation, has discovered 2,893 Bitcoin miners left exposed on the Internet.
I see about 2,893 Chinese Bitcoin "Thunder mining machines" online which are accessible via telnet w/o any password. Is the GFW down? pic.twitter.com/pGuBJnld5i — Victor Gevers (@0xDUDE) August 28, 2017
The devices expose Telnet port with no password, the expert explained to Bleeping Computer that all miners belong to the same Bitcoin mining pool and likely are operated by the same organization.
Most of the devices are ZeusMiner THUNDER X3 Bitcoin miners.
The analysis of the IP addresses assigned to the Bitcoin Miners led to believe that the devices belong to a Chinese state-sponsored group.
“The owner of these devices is most likely a state sponsored/controlled organization part of the Chinese government, ” Gevers told Bleeping Computer.
Shortly after Gevers announced their discovery the operators behind the Bitcoin miners secured the exposed devices shortly after, the experts highlighted the speed in protecting the Bitcoin miners.
“Most of the miners are now not available any more via Telnet,” Gevers told Bleeping Computer.
“At the speed they were taken offline, it means there must be serious money involved,” Gevers added. “A few miners is not a big deal, but 2,893 [miners] working in a pool can generate a pretty sum.”
A so huge botnet of miners could generate a million dollars per months depending on the specific crypto currency they were mining.
The Twitter user @Quan66726078 speculate the botnet of 2,893 miners discovered by Gevers could generate an income of just over $1 million per day, in case operators use it to mine Litecoin cryptocurrency.
3) Then with power consumption about 1323 watt at price of 0.08 cent per kwH and mining Litecoin with 1 machine generates ~$379.000 — Quan (@Quan66726078) August 29, 2017
Gevers noticed that other netizens have accessed the Bitcoin miners before they discovered them.
“I have proof of other visitors on the boxes where they tried to install a backdoor or malware,” Gevers said.
From XL_MINER_0001 to XL_MINER_2893. And no I am not the only visitor with admin privileges. These miners get visitors daily from everywhere pic.twitter.com/pOt1D4ChgL — Victor Gevers (@0xDUDE) August 28, 2017
According to a researcher who goes online with the handle Anthrax0, the miners appeared to be participating in a bandwidth sharing scheme run via Chinese service Xunlei.
This is not any crypto currency miner. It's in fact a bandwidth/uploading affiliation program. You get rewarded for using the router as CDN. — Anthr@X (@anthrax0) August 29, 2017
Pierluigi Paganini
(Security Affairs – Bitcoin Miners, Chine)
Share this...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
And those figures do not account for wages lost while training, or tuition for required schooling, which can be steep -- as much as $18,000 for cosmetology school in Utah. That's a lot of time, money, and effort spent earning a license instead of a living.
The dirty little secret of licensing is that no one likes it more than the licensed. Rarely, if ever, do consumers clamor for protection from unlicensed providers, nor should they. Licensing costs consumers billions a year in higher prices and does little to improve service quality.
Instead, licensing typically results from industry interests lobbying for laws to limit competition. And once those laws are in place, established interests will use them aggressively to target unlicensed competitors.
A 2011 strategy document for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (formerly the American Dietetic Association) identified a "significant competitive threat" to registered dieticians from nutrition professionals, nurses, pharmacists, and others providing nutritional advice and urged dieticians to "increase our vigilance in reporting unlicensed competition" to state authorities. Interior designers have done the same: 95 percent of complaints to interior design regulatory boards were licensure-related, one study found, while just 1.6 percent were for fraud or other genuine consumer complaints.
Licensing vests enormous power in such regulatory boards, usually filled by law with members of the licensed occupation. Boards have tremendous incentives to curb competition, particularly innovative techniques or business models, and to expand their reach.
Thus, Western-style cosmetologists claim dominion over increasingly popular services like African-style hairbraiding, South Asian and Middle Eastern eyebrow threading, and Asian fish pedicures, even though cosmetology schools rarely teach such practices. And dental boards in North Carolina, Connecticut, and elsewhere demand that entrepreneurs providing over-the-counter teeth-whitening products become licensed dentists.
The result of all of this special-interest politicking is a tangle of licensing laws that makes little sense. For example, it seems reasonable that most states require about a month of training to become an emergency medical technician, an occupation with clear health-and-safety implications. But it is implausible that barbers and cosmetologists need 10 times as much training as EMTs, as most states require.
Imagine the effect on employment if more occupations were freed from barriers erected to protect special interests from honest competition
Similarly, manicurists need only about three days of training in Alaska and nine in Iowa. Surely the 10 states that require four months or more could get by with less. Only five states license shampooers. Is there an epidemic of dangerous shampooing everywhere else?
Axios has put together this nifty series of charts detailing the timeline of sexual assault charges against Harvey Weinstein, Bill O'Reilly, Roger Ailes, Donald Trump, and Bill Cosby. The charts track the dates of when the various incidents allegedly occurred relative to the years they were first reported in the media.
Looking at the charts, one conclusion is pretty clear. "One common trait shared by recent high-profile sexual assault scandals is that it took a major media event for many of the women to come forward with their stories," notes Axios. They also add this observation: "Worth noting: Cosby, Ailes, O'Reilly, and Weinstein were all condemned — and to an extent, punished — once the allegations against them were brought to light. One month after Trump's Access Hollywood tape leaked and more than 20 women came forward with allegations of sexual assault, they were elected president."
I don't disagree with the problematic nature of both of these conclusions. But do you notice a major public figure missing from this chart?
Indeed, it is remarkable we're in the midst of a Great Sexual Assault Awakening, yet the media is remarkably unwilling to discuss the several credible accusations made against Bill Clinton. They have been accused of rape by Juanita Broaddrick. Paula Jones's story about being ushered into a hotel room where Bill Clinton propositioned them and exposed themselves is remarkably similar to Harvey Weinstein's apparent modus operandi. There's the alleged assault of Kathleen Willey in the Oval Office, where they say they grabbed their breasts and genitals. According to Monica Lewinsky's testimony in the Starr Report, Clinton's denial of assaulting Willey was based upon the Indeed, it is remarkable we're in the midst of a Great Sexual Assault Awakening, yet the media is remarkably unwilling to discuss the several credible accusations made against Bill Clinton. They have been accused of rape by Juanita Broaddrick. Paula Jones's story about being ushered into a hotel room where Bill Clinton propositioned them and exposed themselves is remarkably similar to Harvey Weinstein's apparent modus operandi. There's the alleged assault of Kathleen Willey in the Oval Office, where they say they grabbed their breasts and genitals. According to Monica Lewinsky's testimony in the Starr Report, Clinton's denial of assaulting Willey was based upon the oh-so-enlightened rationale that Willey has small breasts, ergo it's ridiculous to assume they would have grabbed them. And speaking of Lewinsky, it's tough to imagine that in the current environment the way that Bill Clinton exploited their position of power to sexually degrade a White House intern with a cigar—hardly one of the comparatively decorous presidential romps with a celebrity at Peter Lawford's beach house—would be viewed as a healthy consensual encounter. Post-presidency, I'm sure all that palling around on financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's private plane—the FBI identified " about 40 " girls whom Epstein molested—is no reason to reassess the man's behavior.
And of course there were many more accusations than that. So many, in fact, that Hillary Clinton themselves got their prestigious Little Rock law firm involved in silencing Clinton's many conquests. According to reports, Hillary Clinton was even in the room for some of the intimidation and shaming of these women. She's empowered women, but I guess first they had to empower them more politically talented husband's predatory behavior so they could ride their coattails to becoming America's first woman president. Speaking of which, how'd that work out? Does anyone think that the rank hypocrisy of Mrs. Bill Clinton campaigning on condemning Trump's sexual assault allegations had anything to do with voters shrugging, and "one month after Trump's Access Hollywood tape leaked and more than 20 women came forward with allegations of sexual assault, they were elected president"?
I suspect that one reason Bill Clinton wasn't included in Axios's series of charts—and is barely being talked about at all when sexual assault by powerful male figures is arguably the biggest story in the country—is that the point initially was to show how it often takes decades for the media to report on these sexual assaults. The charges against Bill Cosby go back to the 1960s, and the charges against Weinstein go back to 1980. Particularly with Harvey Weinstein, there have been revelations of some very troubling media complicity in keeping their predations out of the news for decades.
But with Bill Clinton, many of their alleged assaults were reported relatively contemporaneously. I would ask, what's worse? Turning a blind eye to the women making accusations and ignoring them altogether, or waiting until they become public and spending the next few decades watching much of the media establishment gaslight sexual assault victims by indulging the Clintons' “nuts and sluts,” drag-a-dollar-through-the- trailer-park, vast-right-wing-conspiracy defense of Bill?
And since I lived through the 1990s, no, I don't think I'm being unfair to the media. Do recall how in 1998 Newsweek columnist Nina Burleigh said, "I think American women should be lining up with their Presidential kneepads on to show their gratitude for keeping the theocracy off our backs.” Whether or not casting aside the "theocratic" injunctions of more conservative sexual ethics has made American women more or less respected, Ms. Burleigh, living through the Trump years, now sounds like a mullah when it comes to women's choices. A Burleigh Newsweek column from August was And since I lived through the 1990s, no, I don't think I'm being unfair to the media. Do recall how in 1998Newsweekcolumnist Nina Burleigh said, "I think American women should be lining up with their Presidential kneepads on to show their gratitude for keeping the theocracy off our backs.” Whether or not casting aside the "theocratic" injunctions of more conservative sexual ethics has made American women more or less respected, Ms. Burleigh, living through the Trump years, now sounds like a mullah when it comes to women's choices. A BurleighNewsweekcolumn from August was headlined , "Melania, Ivanka, and Ivana Trump Wear High Heels, a Symbol of Everything That Is Beautiful and Horrifying About Them."
I'd really like to believe the media is now finally taking sexual assault by the rich and powerful seriously. But the relative silence about an enormously influential public figure at this particular moment, while they are otherwise shrieking about Cosby, Weinstein, Ailes, O'Reilly, and Trump, speaks volumes. So long as they have their presidential knee pads on and their mouthpieces are otherwise engaged trying to make the Bill Clinton feel better about himself, it's pretty hard to hear what the media is saying about sexual assault.
Official: Depor loan Luis Alberto
By Football Espana staff
Deportivo La Coruna have signed former Sevilla and Malaga attacker Luis Alberto on a season-long loan from Liverpool.
The 22-year-old, who can play as an attacking midfielder or on the wing, passed a medical with their new club on Monday and has consequently spoken of their desire to gain plenty of first-team experience at Riazor.
“I want to reconnect with the pitch, enjoy myself, give joy to the fans and return the faith of my Coach,” they told reporters.
“I spoke with the Coach [Victor Sanchez], who knew me from Sevilla. They told me to come here and that I'd be very happy and feel like player again at the level of two years ago.
“He knows me and where I have to improve, and now I'll put myself at their disposal. I'm really looking forward [to playing under him].
“[Depor's objectives] are the same as they were at Malaga last season. We must think about survival and, once that's achieved, something else.
“However, we have to be realistic at first and achieve our objectives quickly so we can enjoy the final part of the campaign.”
Alberto joined Liverpool in the summer of 2013, alongside fellow Spaniard Iago Aspas, but struggled to make an impact on the Reds' Premier League title tilt and made just 15 appearances for Malaga last season.
Watson and the Shark are an oil painting by the American painter John Singleton Copley, depicting the rescue of the English boy Brook Watson from a shark attack in Havana, Cuba. Copley, then living in London, painted three versions. The first, of 1778, is in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.. A second, full-size replica is now in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and a third, smaller, version with a more vertical composition (1782) is in the Detroit Institute of Arts.
The paintings are based on an attack that took place in Havana harbour in 1749. Brook Watson, then a 14-year-old cabin boy, lost their leg in the attack and was not rescued until the third attempt, which is the subject of the painting.[1] Watson went on to become a Lord Mayor of London.
Painting [ edit ]
Copley and Brook Watson became friends after the American artist arrived in London in 1774. Watson commissioned them to create a painting of the 1749 event, and Copley produced three versions. It was the first of a series of large-scale historical paintings that Copley would concentrate on after settling in London. The painting is romanticised: the gory detail of the injury is hidden beneath the waves, though there is a hint of blood in the water. The figure of Watson is based on the statue of the "Borghese Gladiator", by Agasias of Ephesus, in the Louvre. Other apparent influences are Renaissance art, and the ancient statue of Laocoön and their Sons, which Copley may have seen in Rome. Copley was probably also influenced by Benjamin West's The Death of General Wolfe, and the growing popularity of romantic painting.
The third smaller version (1782, 91.4 cm/35.9 in x 77.5 cm/30.5 in) has a more vertical composition.
The composition of the rescuers in the boat shows hints of Peter Paul Rubens's Jonah Thrown into the Sea, and both Rubens's Miraculous Draught of Fishes and Raphael's painting of the same name. The facial expressions show a marked resemblance to those in Charles Le Brun's Conférence de M. Le Brun sur l'expression générale et particulière, an influential work published in 1698; they portray a range of emotions, from fear to courage. Various elements of composition were changed as the painting progressed. Infrared analysis shows that the old boatswain was originally a young man, and preliminary sketches reveal that the black sailor at the rear of the boat, who also appears as the subject of Copley's Head of a Negro painted around the same time, was originally envisioned as a white man with long, flowing hair.
Copley had never visited Havana, and it is likely that they had never seen a shark, much less one attacking a person. They may have gleaned details of Havana harbour from prints and book illustrations: they include the real landmark of Morro Castle in the background on the right. The shark is less convincing and includes anatomical features not found in sharks, such as lips, forward-facing eyes that resemble a tiger's more than a shark's and air blowing out from the animal's "nostrils".
The painting was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1778. Copley produced a second, full-size replica for themselves the same year, which is now in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. Their third and smaller version, with a vertical format produced by extending the view of the sky above, is in the Detroit Institute of Arts. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery (Fredericton, Canada) has a miniature version of this piece, attributed to Copley.
At their death, Watson bequeathed the 1807 painting to Christ's Hospital, with the hope that it would prove "a most usefull Lesson to Youth". In September 1819 the school's committee of almoners voted to accept the painting and place it in the great hall. The school later moved to Horsham, Sussex. In 1963, it sold the painting to the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.[2]
In popular culture [ edit ]
"Watson and the Shark" is a song from Walter Martin's Arts + Leisure album.
A painting shown in the background of a shot in the cartoon Steven Universe depicts the main cast rescuing Brook Watson from the shark. One of the characters is shown punching said shark in the face.
The painting is referenced in Anita Diamant's novel, The Boston Girl, when the main character, Addie Baum, visits the Boston art museum between 1919-1920.
In the eighth strip of Richard Thompson's Cul de Sac, first published int the Washington Post Magazine on June 27, 2004, Alice Otterloop, the main character of the series, visits the National Gallery of Art with their teacher, Ms. Bliss, and some classmates of the Blisshaven Academy pre-school. The highlight of their visit is John Singleton Copley's painting.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
A group of Syrian refugees are distributing a message about the New Year's Eve attacks on women in Cologne, Germany.
The flier is being handed out in different places in Cologne. This one was given to an American man at the cafeteria at the University of Cologne, who shared it on Facebook. Here's what it says:
A local broadcaster identified them as Shady Chaaban, a Syrian refugee whom it said was distributing the leaflets at a train station on Monday.
The leaflet is signed by "Syrian Men for Fairness," run by a man called Shady and with an address listed in Cologne.
Mordecai-Mark Mac Low, who shared the flier on Facebook, said the reaction was mixed.
They saw at least two young men handing out the fliers at the University of Cologne campus, where they were visiting to give a lecture on their research.
Low was heading to a work lunch, and none of their German colleagues talked about the flier directly, but they "have certainly been discussing the issue," Mac Low said. "The general mood among my colleagues is a sort of wary trepidation: there is a great deal of acknowledgment of the plight of the refugees, but also a lot of concern about the practical implications, including very personal stories of low level harassment," Low told BuzzFeed in an email. One of their colleagues told Low that their 14-year-old daughter had been cat-called:"Hey, baby, what's your number?"
Warner Bros finally gave DCEU fans the biggest weekend gift – the Justice League trailer. But attendees were treated to a special something. Comic-Con guests were given an exclusive sneak peek into Aquaman and we are jealous!
While the clip did not release online, a sneak peek into Hall H, where all the Warner Bros action was taking place at San Diego Comic-Con was unfolding, was shared by WB on Twitter and fans across the world got a glimpse at the final splash from the teaser which was followed by the Aquaman logo.
Also Read: From Justice League to Avengers: Infinity War and Thor: Ragnarok, here are 10 trailers released this week [VIDEOS]
But what was more enchanting than the clip was Jason Momoa himself. The actor, who is playing the title role in the James Wan directorial, took to the stage to present the footage himself. And they stole the show singlehandedly.
Holding their trident, the actor performed to the music of the trailer, head banging with their fictional weapon. A video of their rock style performance was shared with the world by Warner Bros on their Twitter account. Comic-Con attendees obviously loved the off-beat choice of introducing the character. The video featuring the Aquaman trailer and Momoa is below.
While the world will have to wait until DCEU and WB share the official clip, journalists attending the event penned down the trailer for fans and apparently, the Aquaman teaser trailer was epic.
Spoiler alert:
According to Polygon, Momoa introduced the first footage which began with two fishermen seated in a small boat in the ocean catching a big fish only to get dragged at high speed until the rod is finally wrenched from their grasp.
The camera pans out to give an overhead view of the boat giving a glimpse of the Atlantean war fleet, "saddled great white sharks with riders, mid-sized fighter ships designed after manta rays and huge curving dreadnoughts, dark but for lines of lights evoking bioluminescence," Polygon wrote.
The clip was followed by the panel discussion where two crucial details were shared. First, Aquaman's is still in the "early stage of filming" and second, Momoa confirmed the clip showed the army of Ocean Master, Aquaman's villainous half-brother and their arch-nemesis.
Fans hope the studio will share the teaser soon. Aquaman is scheduled to release on December 21, 2018. But before that Momoa will be seen playing the Aquaman in Justice League releasing in November this year.
Hi! I'm Nicolas and I'm interested in information visualization, JavaScript and web standards. I currently work as a Data Visualization Scientist at Twitter. I wrote PhiloGL , the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit and V8-GL
PhiloGL
Posted in: philogl , visualization
For some time now I've been working on a new project built around WebGL that today I'm very proud to release: PhiloGL.
PhiloGL is a WebGL Framework for advanced Data Visualization, Creative Coding and Game Development.
PhiloGL uses cutting edge technology and JavaScript idioms and good practices to deliver elegantly coded WebGL applications that are focused on performance. PhiloGL also provides a rich module system covering Program and Shader management, IO, XHR, JSONP, Web Worker management, Effects and Tweening, and much more.
PhiloGL is Open Source Software, licensed under the MIT license and owned by the SenchaLabs foundation.
PhiloGL has a complete API documentation with a detailed description of all the modules and class methods. Another very cool thing is that all Learning WebGL lessons have been ported into PhiloGL code so that you can easily learn PhiloGL, WebGL or both at the same time. You can find a list of the ported Learning WebGL lessons here.
In order to show how PhiloGL applications are made I created three featured projects that deal with Data Visualization in different aspects. In order to see these examples you'll need the latest Google Chrome and/or Firefox 4. If you don't have a WebGL capable browser then you'll see a video showcasing the application.
Visualizing Temperature Anomalies
Access the example here.
NASA collects year by year data about temperature changes around the globe. This information has been collected since 1880 and tracks temperature anomalies (changes) in different points of the earth as a 2D heatmap. By loading these images into textures and then mapping them into a 3D histogram we are able to track the temperature changes around the globe interactively. Smooth animations between date ranges enable us to spot the overall differences in temperature across the years. Can you guess what the temperature changes will be for the next decade? Access the example here.
Real time 3D color Histogram Analysis
Access the example here.
Color decomposition on RGB or other color schemes takes a 3D form. In order to show the color decomposition of an image each dot on a 3D color histogram is assigned a different diameter. The following example renders fine grain and precise color decomposition schemes of each frame of a video in real time. Notice how color varies on each take, and feel free to change the color scheme or pause the video to have a closer look at the color decomposition. You can interact with the visualization by using drag and drop and zooming in/out with your mouse wheel. Access the example here.
Explore 3D Parametric Surfaces
Access the example here.
Exploring 3D surfaces is a fun way to learn about geometry, physical phenomena or even terrain modeling. Parametric surfaces are surfaces that also change their shape with an extra variable: time. Explore 3D surfaces by using drag and drop and the mouse wheel to zoom in/out. You can enable the t parameter (by clicking on the checkbox) and hit play to see it move. There are three predefined surfaces for you to explore or modify. Access the example here.
Go get it!
I hope these examples show what you can do with the framework and interest you enough to explore the code. I've had a lot of fun building and using PhiloGL and I can't wait to see what you're capable of doing with it, you can download it here!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Radium Audio has updated Radium to version 4.6.0 for Linux, macOS, and Windows.
Radium is a vertical music editor. Radium is inspired by trackers, but uses more graphics to show musical data. Radium also supports MIDI sequencing and hard disk recording.
Radium has features like smooth scrolling, zooming, automation, piano roll, modular mixer, embedded Pure Data (Pd), and embedded Faust.
Changes since 4.4.4:
Editor: Several interface improvements and better scrolling performance.
Mixer: Several GUI improvements and faster graphics rendering.
GUI: Window configuration improvements.
macOS: Various fixes for 10.12.
Windows: Fix usage of non-ascii file paths.
Mixer: Options to show 1, 2, or 3 mixer strip rows.
Sequencer: Option to show bar numbers instead of time in the timeline.
Audio: Workaround to prevent some OpenGL plugins from crashing.
104 other smaller bug fixes and new features.
Full change log: github.com/kmatheussen/radium/blob/master/Changelog
Price: Minimum 2 EUR per month for the full version.
A number of companies have released details of tiny handheld projectors over the last few months, none have managed to get one released as yet, that is until now, 3M has beaten other manufacturers to it with the launch of the 3M MPro110 Handheld Projector.
The 3M MPro110 will be able to display a VGA image at a resolution of 640 x 480 up to 50 inches, it has built in VGA and composite video inputs, and the best part has to be the price, the 3M MPro110 will go on sale for $359, and should be available to buy in about two weeks.
So we can expect to see a lot more of these mini handheld projectors over the next twelve months and the price is bound to drop.
Update 6th October 2008
The 3M MPro110 is now available to order online from the 3M Shop.
via Oh Gizmo
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Official Sony PS4 Wireless Headset 2.0 Review
Since the launch of the PS4 I have tested many headsets, trying to find one that will scratch my audio-whore itch. I've trialled cheap sets and I've trialled the top end models and both have left me slightly disappointed. The cheap ones were good for the price, but left me missing that surround sound fanciness and the more expensive sets always made me feel like I'd shelled out far too much money and left me with a touch of buyers remorse.
If only there was a headset that could bridge this gap
Well luckily there is and it's Sony's very own offering in the form of the official PS4 wireless headset 2.0. Available for under £60 it offers 7.1 virtual surround sound, built-in microphone and access to custom audio modes using the Headset Companion App. The PS4 and PS3 both support the 7.1 virtual surround sound whereas the PS Vita doesn't, but I don't think anybody really expected it to. The headset also includes an audio cable which enables them to be used wired to your Xbox One controller if you are lucky enough to own both systems. To use them on the Xbox One, you will need the XB1 headset adapter which you can get for £18.85 here
First impressions
The headset has a very minimalistic design, with all the nobs and twiddly bits well concealed giving them a very stylish look. They seem sturdy and durable, whilst feeling lightweight and compact at the same time. They can be folded and stored away in the microfiber drawstring pouch that is included in the box, this also doubles as a cleaning cloth so it's win win.
Connectivity
This is the part that usually boils my piss when it comes to setting up new headsets on the PS4. It's usually a case of connecting a dongle, audio cables or optical leads and then scouring the console setting to make sure everything is honky dory. Luckily that's not the case with this set, simply pop in the USB dongle and Roberts your Fathers Brother! Everything syncs seamlessly with no faffing around required, which made me very, very happy.
Comfort
This is a very comfortable headset, it's very light and has some of the softest ear cups known to man, almost arousingly so! You'll be glad to know the sweaty ear factor is kept to a minimum as the materials used seem to allow your ears to be well ventilated, without too much sound leakage. The ear cups covered my ears entirely, unlike other sets that balance awkwardly, this is great for cutting out any ambient noise.
Sound Quality
This headset sounds great, admittedly not as good as sets such as the Astro A50's, but perfectly acceptable for the majority of gamers. I'm pretty sure it's only dirty little audiophiles like myself that would notice the difference between the two sets. In-game music and voices sound very clear and the bass is punchy without being over the top like some of the cheaper alternatives. The virtual surround sound is pretty damn effective, if you can play The Last of Us wearing these without leaving a skid mark in your undercrakers, then you're far more hardcore than me.
As with most PS4 headsets I've reviewed, the biggest downside is the chat sound quality. Due to the fact the microphone is built in to the ear cups, voice communication sounds very muffled and is the only real let down where this headset in concerned. The headset is rechargeable and you can expect to get 6-8 hours use when fully charged.
Conclusion
This is a brilliant headset that is perfectly priced. You get far better audio quality than the likes of the Gioteck Ex-06 wireless headset but without the crazy price tag of the Astro A50's. They look good, sound good, feel nice to wear and won't bankrupt if you decide to pick a set up. In my opinion, these are the perfect choice for the majority of PS4 owners.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE BEST PRICES FOR THIS HEADSET
No sooner did we have a few minutes to digest the indictments of Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, then news broke of a second indictment in Robert Mueller's Russia probe, this one accompanied by a guilty plea. George Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty in the same federal district court in DC to lying to FBI investigators. Papadopoulos is a much smaller fish than Manafort, and their indictment is a classic of the “charged only with crimes created by the investigation” genre, but their guilty plea is much more relevant to the subject of the Trump campaign's willingness to be a conduit for Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Papadopoulos pled guilty to lying to the FBI about efforts they made in March and April of 2016 to get “dirt” in the form of “thousands of emails” on Hillary Clinton, from a source they “understood to have substantial connections to Russian government officials” (a slippery phrase, but then informal networks of influence are a big part of how regimes like Putin's operate). In fact, while Papadopoulos downplayed the pull with Russia of this “overseas professor” who was “based in London” to the FBI, they knew that the professor “had met with some of those officials in Moscow” in the spring, and “over a period of months, [Papadopoulos] repeatedly sought to use the professor's Russian connections in an effort to arrange a meeting between the Campaign and Russian government officials.” The plea also references Papadopoulos meeting “a female Russian national,” and obviously it's tempting to assume this refers to Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met in June with Donald Trump Jr. We don't actually know that, however. In fact, at one point, the professor told Papadopoulos (incorrectly) that the woman was Putin's niece. This may well have been a test of their gullibility.
The overall picture here looks similar to what we saw with the Trump Jr. story: People in the Trump campaign were desperate for dirt on Hillary, they were willing to work with anyone to get it, and Russian interests used this desperation to play them for suckers. Papadopoulos was frequently promised things, and promising things in turn to the campaign, that never got delivered. This is a running theme of Trump's amateur-hour foreign-policy campaign team (in contrast, one would note, to the professionals now running their foreign-policy shop).
Advertisement
Where things get dicier for Trump is that the investigation and the Papadopoulos plea both focus on how this can all be tied back to Trump and their senior campaign staff. Papadopoulos pled guilty to lying about when they went to work for Trump relative to when they started talking to the professor; they tried to convince the FBI that they already knew about the professor's dirt on Hillary before they joined the campaign. And on March 31, 2016, well before Trump had even locked up the Republican nomination, Papadopoulos told Trump and a roomful of Trump's foreign-policy advisers “in sum and substance, that they had connections that could help arrange a meeting between then-candidate Trump and President Putin.” The meeting, like many such things, never happened, but they kept the campaign (including an unnamed “senior policy advisor for the Campaign”) apprised that they were trying to arrange one, and the plea is mostly silent on what they were told by the campaign in return. Then, in late April — still well before the June meeting at Trump Tower — the professor began dangling “dirt” on Hillary: “They [the Russians] have dirt on her”; “the Russians had emails of Clinton”; “they have thousands of emails.”
Let us pause here to note that this is precisely the situation that many of us warned was a grave risk to national security with Hillary's insecure email server, and which Hillary and their camp loudly denied being a possibility while basically admitting it when they started complaining during the campaign (let alone after) about Trump publicly seeking leaks of their emails. This entire story is the perfect storm of an aggressive and devious foreign regime, a Republican nominee of low character surrounded by inept and naively cynical amateur advisers, and a Democratic nominee who was heedlessly reckless with national security out of partisan paranoia. Secretary Clinton exposed themselves to what amounted to easy Russian blackmail, and everything else that happened followed from that.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Anyway, the plea then goes on to detail more of Papadopoulos's efforts to get Trump to meet with Putin, but goes oddly silent on who else besides Papadopoulos was in the loop on efforts to get “dirt” or emails. In a curious footnote, Mueller specifically adds as an aside that one of Papadopoulos' emails about a Putin meeting was forwarded internally within the Trump campaign to other foreign-policy advisers who put the kibosh on a direct Trump-Putin meeting: “We need someone to communicate that DT is not doing these trips. It should be someone low level in the campaign so as not to send any signal.” Of course, that message was lost on Trump's son when they went on to have a meeting, but one not with a public representative of the Putin regime.
Does Papadopoulos know more about the involvement of others in the campaign in seeking “dirt” or emails from Russian sources? If so, it seems that Mueller doesn't want to show their cards just yet, not with Papadopoulos pleading guilty and (one assumes) cooperating. But this is a much more interesting development than the Manafort and Gates indictments.
As we all know by now, Landon Donovan was unexpectedly cut from Jurgen Klinsmann's final 23-man US national team World Cup roster on Thursday.
He, of course, responded with a pair of goals in their first game back with the LA Galaxy on Sunday that saw them move into sole possession of first-place on the all-time MLS goalscoring chart.
Then, on Monday night came a report from SI.com's Richard Deitsch that both ESPN and Fox are clamoring to add the USMNT's all-time leading goalscorer and assist man to their broadcast teams for coverage of next month's tournament in Brazil.
It wouldn't be Donovan's first foray into the broadcasting world, as they appeared as a guest studio analyst during Fox's coverage of the UEFA Champions League last November.
The question isn't whether the majority of people want to hear Donovan's analysis of the 2014 USMNT World Cup team. In fact, there was almost an immediate call for them to pick up the microphone after their exclusion was announced.
Instead, the question should probably be: Is there anyone out there who doesn't want to hear Donovan's thoughts on the team next month, and if so, why?
About This Game
Key Features
Previously only available on consoles, now you can immerse yourself in the zany JRPG madness of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series for the first time on PC!
series for the first time on PC! Major graphical updates let you savor the true power of these Goddesses in glorious HD!
Battle with up to 3 characters on the field, with 3 more than support. Use them to perform special attacks, or swap them out at any time!
Use "Plans" to customize the game - change up enemy difficulty, dungeon treasures, and more!
Craft unique equipment imbued with one or more abilities!
The game now features a Japanese language mode!
In the world of Gamindustri, four goddesses known as CPUs battled for supremacy in the War of the Guardians. One of the CPUs – Neptune – was defeated by the others and banished from the heavens. In their fall from grace, their memories were lost but a mysterious book reveals itself to Neptune with knowledge of all of Gaminudstri's history. Joined by Compa, IF, and the sentient book known as Histoire, Neptune embarks on an extraordinary journey across four different nations on a quest to save the entire world!
On Saturday (February 28), A Tribe Called Red tweeted: “Western Canada High School. Please stop using our music to perpetuate harmful stereotypes against First Nations.”
The tweet linked to “Night of the Redmen Highlight Video 2014” set to A Tribe Call Red's track “Electric pow wow drum.
×
The video was made by Quinn Campbell and Curtis Bietz in their graduating year at Calgary's Western Canada High School.
Over e-mail, Campbell writes that they saw A Tribe Called Red's tweet and is "horrified that the video may be seen as offensive." The video has since been taken down.
The Indian in a feathered-headdress image of the school mascot, is all over the sports-themed video. It gets superimposed over the screen 20 times and there are 14 distinct sequences where the logo or name is centered by a zoom, pan, or close-up. The footage also captures a student, nearly nude, their face and body painted in red.
Bietz explains in a separate email that “The creation of the video was part of our Leadership Program... and reviewed by our teachers and peers.” Bietz initially had second thoughts about using the song “with our school's situation at the time.”
That "situation" was controversy over the Redmen name and logo, which had become a subject of debate. The decision was made in June 2014 to change the school's name to Redhawks.
In a press conference on the school's front lawn, principal Kim Hackman told the CBC, that the change was made “to move forward as opposed to continuing to have this issue come up over and over again.”
Principal Hackman explained the new name to the Calgary Herald: “The red-tailed hawk is a significant hawk in southern Alberta and has some significance in native communities”
The process to change the school's nickname was initiated by the Calgary Board of Education in 2013 as part of a review of school names, mascots and logos "to ensure they are fully respectful of all the cultures that make up the Calgary community."
The Calgary board also picked up the $200,000 tab to paint-over the logos in the gym and replace team jerseys.
However, the Western Canada High School Athletics website hosted by the school board continues to fail to reflect the name change.
And you can still order Redmen merchandise and apparel on the web from Calgary-based Prepsportswear.
Until the most recent dust up, Campbell's and Bietz's video remained on Vimeo.
The group was on the road performing Saturday night in Montreal for the Nuit Blance arts festival and was not immediately available for comment.
But it's not the first time it has taken issue with stereotyping of native imagery. The band's Ian Campeau (aka DJ NDN) filed a human rights complaint against an Ottawa-area football team in 2013 over its use of the name Redskins. Tribe declined an invitation to play at the opening of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights in Winnipeg last fall over what it called the museum's failure to acknowledge Canada's genocide of native people.
The wide and growing appeal of the group's electric pow-wow remixes has opened a unique space for intercultural exchange on the dance floor.
A Tribe Called Red has long challenged racist appropriations that says naming a high school football team Redmen or hipsters wearing headdresses are okay. The band made a conscious decision, for example, not to enter themselves in the Aboriginal Album of the Year category at last year's Junos because it wanted to be judged on its music.
As a Tribe's Bear Witness told Benjamin Boles during a photo shoot for a NOW cover story in 2013: "We're always being looked at through the lens of colonialism, and we're never portraying ourselves. We're starting to take control of that, but it's really just beginning. Something as simple as being photographed laughing can start to change the way we're perceived, and challenges the stereotype."
news@nowtoronto.com | @nowtoronto
It's the moment that broke the hearts of fans around the world: The Night's Watch betraying and murdering their Lord Commander (Kit Harington) in the season 5 finale of Game of Thrones. Now for the first time, you can read the scene that killed Jon Snow — just as it appeared in the finale script (below).
The episode, titled “Mother's Mercy,” was written by Thrones showrunners David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, who last fall won the Emmy for outstanding writing for a drama series for the hour. Though the pages are mostly familiar dialogue, there are a few insightful gems of description — such as giving the reader a sense of Snow's thoughts while he's reading messages from Northern houses at their desk.
HBO
HBO
HBO
RELATED: Game of Thrones: 17 Biggest Changes from Books to TV
(The shout-out to Robert McLachlan refers to GoT‘s director of photography, by the way). Throne returns to HBO on April 24 and season 5 was recently released on Blu-ray and DVD. The season 6 trailer is up to a whopping 55 million views. Follow @jameshibberd for ongoing Thrones scoop, interviews, recaps and more. And sign up for our GoT newsletter for the biggest headlines.
ABC media manager Nick Leys said the creation of a new division called ABC Regional would not affect programming, but would instead allow the taxpayer-funded network to better fulfil the expectations of its audience.
"Basically there are no net job losses from the creation of ABC Regional," they said. "There are no redundancies at this stage. I mean this is still in the consultation period really because we're still working through what the division will look like.
"But at this stage there are no net job losses from the creation of ABC Regional."
Leys said the changes were not part of the ABC's redundancy program to remove around 400 employees following the federal government's funding cut of $254 million over five years announced in November.
"It's a restructured and people have to reapply for their jobs and things like that," they said.
A new sparkling beer called Champale will go on sale tomorrow after two-year battle and legal threats from French champagne producers who claimed the name was too similar to their own famous bubbly.
The English tipple - which will be sold in sparkling wine-shaped bottlescomplete with a traditional wired cork - has been made by a vineyard on Mersea Island in Essex where according to local legend the Romans first tended vines 2,000 years ago.
But the battle to produce the powerful Champale - 10.5 per cent strength - was only won after owner Roger Barber convinced the trademark authorities - and French - that they had no claim on the word "champ"
Champagne growers insisted that "champ" was the common familiar term for champagne - but Mr Barber pointed out that in England "champ" was short for champion.
If you think Donald Trump is getting a hard time from an openly one-sided media, then consider what is happening in Britain where the Labour Party has been punished for months for the temerity to reject the Jewish political agenda.
But now the law of unintended consequences has finally caught up with the manufactured “Labour anti-Semitism” pseudo-crisis. No-one could have predicted that it would backfire so deliciously — or that it would turn into such a potential “red pill” moment on the realities of Jewish power in Britain today.
It happened during a BBC interview with leading Labour left-winger and former London Mayor Ken Livingstone. They were being interrogated about a witless female Muslim Labour MP who had lost their job over a re-tweet they made two years ago, despite apologising in public four times. Pressed to repent, Livingstone finally snapped and came out with the fated words.
Hitler was supporting Zionism… Let's remember when Hitler won their election in 1932, their policy then was that Jews should be moved to Israel.
For good measure they then said the woman, Naz Shah, was the victim of a “well-orchestrated campaign by the Israel lobby” and repeated it all later.
It was a jaw-dropper, a real moment to savour. The heavens duly fell in on them courtesy of the media slime machine that never sleeps. Buckets of ordure were duly tipped over their head while the pack set off in pursuit. The most surreal moment came when one notorious non-Jewish Friend of Israel, John Mann, chased Livingstone into a toilet.
Livingstone refuses to backtrack or apologize. They have been duly suspended and an inquiry into their comments has been announced. In all the uproar no-one initially noticed one small detail — everything they said was true. Why stating a historical truth amounts to anti-Semitism is not clear, although apparently many Jews were “offended.”
Here is where the law of unintended consequences kicks in. People (who would never read TOO) have tapped the words “Haavara agreement” into search engines and been astonished at what they read. The 1933 Haavara agreement between the World Zionist Organisation and National Socialist Germany allowed Jews to emigrate with all their wealth to Palestine. The Nazi agreement on the transfer of Jews to their “historic homeland” runs completely against everything most people have been taught. It is one of those non-secret secrets which has been effectively buried in contemporary teaching of history. In one of the largest archives of twentieth-century history, the BBC, there is not one word about this, let alone a TV or radio documentary. (The only documentary is this one from 1984.)
That is the way our political establishment want to keep it. The delicate and complicated issue of German-Jewish relations before the war is a story they do not want the public investigating at all. For them, it all has to begin and end with what they call “the Holocaust.”
Now many astonished, curious young people will be able to ask — what else do we not know? What is this about a Jewish boycott, for instance? Did world Jewry really declare war on Germany on March 24, 1933 and attempt to cripple the country with an economic sabotage? Why is Livingstone called an anti-Semite for repeating what Netanyahu admitted not long before? Is it true that former Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Shamir belonged to a gang that offered to ally with Nazi Germany to fight against the British?
The Haavara agreement is especially excruciating because various Zionist leaders clearly said that they were in the same business as the German national socialists — creating an ethnic homeland based on racial purity and exclusionism. They were clearly were a mirror of each other and understood each other very well.
Who knows where the questions will end? (At their disciplinary inquiry Livingstone will cite a book by Marxist historian Lenni Brenner who has written extensively about collusion between campaigners for a Jewish homeland and the Nazis.)
This could be the beginning of the unravelling of one of the most grotesque and relentless media campaigns of recent years. For months now, the media have been insisting that the failure of the Labour Party to make Jewish issues its main priority is akin to a national emergency. The ensuing PR firestorm has been so obviously out of proportion that it has drawn widespread attention to the domination of the media by Jewish priorities.
Thanks largely to the Muslim bloc vote, the Labour Party leadership was won by the far-left and long-standing Palestinian supporter Jeremy Corbyn last year, and they have been under constant attack ever since. To an organized Jewish community used to having the Labour Party in its pocket, this was totally unacceptable and had to be reversed.
The subsequent assault has been veiled as an attack on “growing anti-Semitism” which seems to usually manifest itself in the Twitter and Facebook comments of various low-level Muslim activists and councillors.
Labour MPs' minds will no doubt have been concentrated by being reminded in fairly blunt terms who pay the piper. And just in case the point was missed, a Labour MP called Michael Foster pointed out that private Jewish sources contributed a third of the general election war chest. This funding has all but dried up now. Another former Jewish financial backer called David Abrahams has been reported as linked to an attempted leadership coup to depose Jeremy Corbyn. It would be interesting to see how this goes down with the Muslim bloc vote. One of Corbyn's Jewish supporters has hit back, suggesting the Board of Deputies of British Jews has dropped its stated political impartiality to organize opposition from behind the scenes.
Wherever you turned in the British media in the last week it seemed impossible to get away from the finger-wagging, scolding and barracking of Jewish columnists from across the political spectrum. Jewish Chronicle editor Stephen Pollard even rolled out their tired old story about how their granny kept a suitcase under the bed in case “they” come again.
At some point even the least perceptive are going to be struck by this. At some point people are going to tire of being lectured and ordered around in this condescending way. They might start asking why so much more coverage has been devoted to this issue than to the Muslim child rape gangs in Rotherham and other towns, for example.
Part of this battle is being fought on a semantic front and there is a blatant attempt to widen the definition of anti-Semitism and to narrow the discourse. Non-Jews are to be chastised for repeating what some Jews say openly and the prominent Labour Friend of Israel John Mann wants to place phrases such as the “Jewish lobby” and “dual loyalty” out of bounds.
Labour's dissidents are all at sea when they try to suggest that the problem is one of “Zionism” as opposed to Jewish ethnic aggression. This video shows how one Labour politician, Gerry Browning, flailing around and completely unable to explain the meaning of the “Jewish question” in non-racial terms.
There is an interesting parallel in which both sides cannot admit the existence of race in this argument. The Jewish lobby cannot admit that the “anti-Semitism” is largely driven by the same Muslims which Jewish organizations have so assiduously conspired to flood into the country.
At the same time the Labour Party cannot admit that it will have eventually to choose between the Muslim mass vote on which it increasingly depends and on Jewish financial clout and media influence which is indispensable if it is to carry on as a mass party.
And where are ordinary Whites in all this? They are nowhere. They were made surplus to requirements a long time ago and if they could all be replaced tomorrow, many in Labour would secretly heave a sigh of relief.
It took an amused Conservative neo-con Douglas Murray to gently slip in a truth.
The modern Labour party claims to be an anti-racist movement, but because of demographic changes in the UK in certain areas it has to run on a covertly racist ticket.
But the racism that Murray wanted to condemn was that anyone support Israel would not be able to stand as a Labour candidate in a Muslim constituency. And what of the racism that the indigenous people of this country, the Whites, have to suffer from both Jews and Muslims? There is not a word about that because that is the racism that dare not speak its name.
With the Phillies' roster deadline in the rearview mirror, the importance of those still on the bubble has the same informative value as those general managers Matt Klentak did not protect.
In or out:
When it comes to MLB roster rules, the difficulty includes language with two possible meanings. Therefore, a writer has one answer but one question also regarding decisions by the front office of the Philadelphia Phillies.
IN OTHER WORDS: “It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.” – James Thurber
The answer: The rules do not appear to be vague: A signed 18-year-old requires a spot on the 40-man roster after playing five seasons. The question: Does that include a one-campaign gap before taking the field or missing an entire summer due to injury?
In this article, the first part covers the “swing and miss” candidates, the second is for accurate expectations, and the last features the surprises. Regarding decisions, every franchise has reasons for their moves and gambles besides just statistics. They could be unhappy with a player's attitude, work ethic or ability to learn from boneheaded mistakes.
Concerning Klentak, they had time limits to decide on players and promoted many up a level or two in the second half: They threw them into the deep end of the pool. Sink or swim. And this most likely determined the fate of many prospects.
My misses:
In their two seasons with the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs, right-hander Mark Appel, 26, had stretches of good and bad pitching but spent five of their 10 months on the disabled list. Was they getting too old to make an impact in 3-4 years?
Reliever Alberto Tirado walked their way off the 40-slot roster with 19 free passes to 8 punch outs after their advancement to the Double-A Reading Fightin Phils.
However, they were probably in the rotation of the Single-A Advanced Clearwater Threshers to improve their control with more innings. The righty struck out 58 and walked 38 at the lower level, which was enough for a chance at Double-A. That stated, management has now cut both flamethrowers acquired for Ben “Revy” Revere.
Among the most interesting developments, southpaw Elniery Garcia, almost 23, went 2-1 with a 1.75 ERA in five outings for Reading. They threw 25 frames in their first contests there. Even though lefties are a common Rule 5 selection, Garcia missed the first 80 games of 2017 due to a PED suspension.
Translation: the red pinstripes could be gambling their number 18 prospect won't last a full 162 in the majors with another organization.
After batting .307 for the Fightin Phils but .189 for the IronPigs in 54 plate appearances, Carlos Tocci did not receive a roster spot even though they had ranked 23rd in the pipeline.
They were below average in walks, didn't strike out a lot, or hit for power. In other words, this surprise could be missing some in-house information.
The timing of this $500,000 grant announcement from the Office of Refugee Resettlement to a local non-profit group for refugees from the DR Congo is so interesting—days before North Carolina could choose the next President of the US. (See yesterday's post about North Carolina, here.)
It has been awhile since I've written about ETHNIC COMMUNITY SELF-HELP GRANTS.
Think about this, besides the fact that the federal grant encourages ethnic separation and non-assimilation by being geared, in this case in NC, to refugees from the DR Congo, your money is used to give special refugees (make work!) jobs and if this one operates as others have in the past, it encourages political involvement for their ethnic group.
I look at these non-profits as little ACORNS (remember ACORN). They purport to be helping the poor (in special ethnic groups) and then they help them vote and become politically active for ‘their community.' If you have ethnic community organizers working where you live, find out if they are being funded by you.
There is absolutely no need for this grant program from the Office of Refugee Resettlement. And, I wonder under what legal authority the feds have to pass out your money in this discriminatory fashion.
They already hire the nine major contractors and their hundreds of subcontractors to get the refugees settled. There is no need for spin-off non-profits being run with your money! Imagine the firestorm (!) if we wanted federal bucks (community organizing money) to organize a European-American ethnic support group! Or, how about North Carolina Trailer Park Redneck Residents for Justice! (I love rednecks and ‘deplorables', why not organizing bucks for them/us?)
Before I get to this one from North Carolina, see this list of $millions in grant money for special groups of people (no wonder African Americans notice that immigrants are getting more stuff than they are).
Here is the news about the Raleigh Immigrant Community (LOL! timing of grant announcement is amusing!) from the Daily Tarheel:
The Raleigh Immigrant Community (RIC) started a program to help immigrants in the Triangle area after receiving a $500,000 grant from the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement.
The RIC began as a community adjustment support group for refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo that met through the UNC Refugee Mental Health and Wellness Initiative. They started meeting in January 2015 and became an official nonprofit in April 2016.
The RIC received the ethnic community self-help grant from the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement. The grant will give them half a million dollars over three years. [get that federal money out now before a possible Trump Admin comes in!—ed]
For more go to our category ‘Ethnic Community Based Organizations.' They were previously called ECBOs. I haven't written much about them in recent years, but when you hear about the over a billion in tax dollars that ORR wants to run their programs, know that grants like this (for special people) are why it is so costly.
Your invitation to be among the first to hear from SQL Server 2016 engineers
If there's one phrase that characterizes the SQL Server technical community, it's passion for learning and sharing data platform knowledge. Here's your invitation to do just that by attending Data Driven, a live virtual event introducing SQL Server 2016. You'll hear directly from Microsoft executives and engineering stars about SQL Server 2016 – the biggest leap forward in Microsoft's data platform history with real-time operational analytics, rich visualizations on mobile devices, built-in advanced analytics, new advanced security technology, and new hybrid cloud scenarios.
The event will feature keynotes by Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella, Corporate Vice Presidents Scott Guthrie and Joseph Sirosh, and President of Microsoft North America Judson Althoff. These executives will set the business context, discussing how data insights are driving business transformation, how customers are embracing data to drive innovation and how companies that transform data into intelligent action are outperforming their competitors and will be the businesses of the future.
There's more! Exclusive engineering videos before the virtual event
On March 10, we will be posting more than 30 videos, that will help you learn about all the new technical capabilities in SQL Server 2016 that you can try out today.
Not only are you invited to the live event, but if you're excited to learn about the SQL Server 2016, here's your opportunity to sign up for early access to exclusive video content from engineering experts before the live, virtual event.
The videos that you will have early access to, include:
Speeding up transactions with In-Memory OLTP in SQL Server 2016 with Jos de Bruijn
Stretch Database: Securely and transparently leverage infinite storage and compute capacity in Azure with SQL Server 2016 with Joe Yong
R Services in SQL Server 2016 with Dotan Elharrar and Umachandar Jayachandran
Hybrid BI with Dimah Zaidalkilani
Upgrade and Migration to SQL Server 2016 with Lonny Bastien
Take advantage of this great, exclusive content. Sign up and share this opportunity with your community today. You'll get a deep dive experience unlike any other, directly from the engineers responsible for the technology.
Image copyright LREM/Getty Image caption Among the new women MPs from civil society are Typhanie Degois (L), Brigitte Liso (C) and Mireille Robert
French President Emmanuel Macron is celebrating a convincing victory in National Assembly elections that gives them the mandate to push through wide-ranging social and economic reforms.
Three-quarters of the assembly are new members and a record 223 of the 577 MPs are women.
Mr Macron's fledgling La République en Marche (LREM) won 308 seats with 43% of the vote.
But the 42.64% turnout is a record low for modern-day France.
And of the 20 million French who did vote, almost 10% left their ballots blank or spoilt.
Together with its centrist MoDem allies, LREM now forms a bloc of 350 seats, well over the 289 seats needed to control parliament.
Just how staggering is this result?
The election result means that a party that only began life in April 2016 now has complete control of France's lower house of parliament and that means the president can press on with steering through their broad programme of reform.
"He now has their majority, beyond all their hopes," warned commentator Etienne Lefebvre. "Undoubtedly that will make their task easier but it'll also increase expectation."
In line with tradition, the government, formed last month under Prime Minister Edouard Philippe, resigned on Monday in a post-election formality.
The president then reappointed Mr Philippe as prime minister and asked them to form a new cabinet.
The old political guard in the assembly is a shadow of its former self. The centre-right Republican-led grouping has 137 seats, and the outgoing Socialists 44.
For the first time, the far-left La France Insoumise (France unbowed) enters parliament with 27 seats while the far-right National Front (FN) has increased its number to eight, including leader Marine Le Pen.
So who are the ones to watch?
Never has the French parliament had so many women MPs - 38.65% of the total - and that is largely down to President Macron's policy of equal gender selection. In their party alone, 47% of deputies are women.
Many of LREM's MPs have come from across civil society:
The youngest in the party is law graduate Typhanie Degois, aged 24
Renowned mathematician Cédric Villani, 43, is known for their unique dress sense including large spider brooches
Former police commander Jean-Michel Fauvergue led the elite RAID unit's response to the jihadist attack on the Bataclan in Paris
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Former police commander Jean-Michel Fauvergue, tech entrepreneur Mounir Mahjoubi and mathematician Cédric Villani are among the best known LREM figures to enter the assembly
Tech entrepreneur Mounir Mahjoubi is one of the leading lights of the Macron team, and behind their impressive digital campaign
Economist Hervé Berville survived the Rwandan genocide
Paris barrister Laetitia Avia has been active in projects in sub-Saharan Africa
Other LREM deputies include éclair entrepreneur Brigitte Liso, organic farmer Sandrine Le Feur, head teacher Mireille Robert and entrepreneur Patrice Perrot.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Economist Hervé Berville, an orphan from the Rwandan genocide, eased to victory in Brittany
Who will fight Macron all the way?
FN leader Marine Le Pen was Mr Macron's main challenger for the presidency and before now has never held a parliamentary seat. While their close adviser Florian Philippot failed to get elected, they are joined by their partner, Louis Alliot, and another senior FN figure, Gilbert Collard.
The party has the youngest MP in Ludovic Pajot, 23. It is short of the 15 seats needed to form a parliamentary group, which has the power to set the political agenda.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Jean-Luc Mélenchon was re-elected as an MP five years after losing their seat
Many of the loudest voices from the left have gone but Jean-Luc Mélenchon of La France Insoumise has vowed to challenge Mr Macron's plans to reform labour laws, arguing the president does not have the "legitimacy to enforce the social coup d'état they had planned".
While the unions may lead opposition outside the assembly, Mr Mélenchon says they will not cede an inch of ground without a fight.
The most powerful opposition will come from the Republicans although the rise of LREM has left their party divided. Gone are big-name leaders like Nicolas Sarkozy, François Fillon and Alain Juppé. Some in the party have offered to work with the new government but others, like Eric Ciotti, see them as traitors.
What does Macron want to do?
They have a sweeping list of reforms planned to revive France's economy, from simplifying labour laws to lowering unemployment and cutting corporation tax from 33% to 25%.
A large mandate will give them the confidence to take on France's powerful unions but a powerful challenge is likely.
The Macron government wants to make budget savings of €60bn (£51bn; $65bn), so that France sticks to the EU's government deficit limit of 3% of GDP (total output). Public servants would be cut in number by 120,000 - through natural wastage, possibly to soften opposition from France's powerful unions.
The new president would simultaneously reinvest €50bn and create a separate €10bn fund for renewing industry.
What are French President Macron's policies?
Can Macron's party keep its promises?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Emmanuel Macron is enjoying a honeymoon period as president - but will it last?
It is clear LREM has an absolute majority, quite a feat for a party that appeared for the first time in 2016.
But the low turnout in the parliamentary elections indicates a high level of disenchantment among French voters. And the absolute majority that President Macron achieved was smaller than expected.
French commentators believe they have been given the powers to push through the reforms they promise. But voters have not handed them a blank cheque as the weakened Republicans will soon find their voice in opposition.
Four teams converged onto one arena in this weekends British Columbia Junior B Provincials to decide who is the top team at the level. League champions from the Pacific Northwest Junior Lacrosse League, Thompson Okanagan Junior Lacrosse League and West Coast Junior Lacrosse League joined the host team Westshore Bears in a three-day championship at The Q Centre in Victoria.
At the end of the weekend one team stood undefeated and left no doubt who was the best Junior B team in 2015. PNWJLL champion Saanich Tigers opened the tournament against their league rival Westshore Bears winning a back-and-forth affair 10-9. Day 2 saw the Tigers win two more, defeating New Westminster Salmonbellies (8-6) and Kamloops Venom (13-8).
The Jr. B Salmonbellies dominated their other two games in the round robin with victories over Kamloops (16-6) and Westshore (17-9) to earn the rematch with Saanich in the Gold Medal game.
New Westminster took a 2-0 lead in the final and made it 3-0 at the beginning of the second period. A four-goal run by the Tigers followed and it was Saanich who led at the second intermission.
A quick goal by the Salmonbellies early in the third period tied the game once again 4-4, but Saanich answered to regain the one goal advantage. With under seven minutes to play New Westminster tied the game once again 5-5. The Tigers again had an answer, this time holding on to win 6-5.
Complete tournament results and standings can be found here.
Gold!!! Saanich Tigers defeat @BelliesJrB 6-5 to win the @BCLacrosse Jr. B Provincials Gold Medal! #2015BCprov — Saanich Tigers Jr. B (@SaanichTigers) August 2, 2015
The gold medal was the second in the past three years for the Saanich Tigers, who were also 2013 Provincial champions. It was victory number 18 this season for the Tigers, who swept through the post-season after a 12-1-1 PNWJLL regular season.
In the Bronze Medal game host Westshore Bears walked away with an easy 25-13 win over Kamloops Venom. A penalty-filled game saw the Bears take advantage with several powerplay goals. After two close losses in the round robin the host team was hungry for victory and the Bears were rewarded at the end with bronze.
FINAL: Westshore Bears 25, @KamloopsVenom 13. Westshore capture the 2015 @BCLacrosse Provincials Bronze Medal! #2015BCprov — Westshore Bears Lax (@WestshoreBears) August 2, 2015
Notes
0014708)
Pirate (reporter)
2010-12-26 14:42
edited on: 2010-12-27 15:31
On the other hand you can easily find gauntlets and boots in a nightcreatures caves. If theres a body of a sentient creature inside this cave it's almost certain that you'll find gauntlets and boots fitting this creature inside this cave.
EDIT: I just thought this might be related somehow.
0014716)
Footkerchief (manager)
2010-12-26 21:38
On the contrary you can easily find gauntlets and boots in a nightcreatures caves. If theres a body of a sentient creature inside this cave it's almost certain that you'll find gauntlets and boots fitting this creature inside this cave.
The point is that you never see creatures wearing them.
0031081)
JayJayForce (reporter)
2014-11-19 14:30
Checked out in Adventure Mode. Most castle guards in the Capital only had metal head and chest armour, some (mostly ranged units) had only cloth and non-armour leather. I'm pretty sure Goblin sieges also come similarly equipped. Nomads/Bandits are only ever in regular cloth, never proper armour, not even for boss characters.
Considering how many gauntlets lie around in the shops, this counts as confirmed as far as I'm concerned
Many Palestinians link what happened to the Jews during World War II with the Nakba, the Arabic word for “disaster” and the term Palestinians use to describe the events of 1948, which led to their dispossession and the flight of hundreds of thousands of refugees. But those who argue that we Palestinians should close our eyes to the reality of the Holocaust because it was the cause of our national tragedy are wrong. They know nothing about Zionist history, from the First Zionist Conference in Basel, Switzerland, in 1897, to Britain's Balfour Declaration calling for the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine in 1917, through the British mandate in the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. And those who argue, as student-critics of our trip wrote on Facebook, that the injustice Palestinians currently face is of the same magnitude as what happened to Jews in Nazi-controlled Europe are wrong, too. However degrading and unfair our situation in Palestine is today—and yes, it is degrading and unfair—it pales in comparison to the dehumanizing horror, depravity, and evil conceived and implemented by Nazis and their collaborators.
When my fellow Palestinian travelers talk among themselves and with friends and family about the accusation that they “sold out to the Jews” by visiting Auschwitz, they tend to cite their love for their country, noting that their travel makes them no less patriotic or nationalistic than their critics. Although the public outcry has silenced most of them, they all went to Auschwitz out of the belief that deepening their knowledge of the Holocaust could help pave the road to peace. Not only did they choose to reject ignorance, but they displayed remarkable moral courage by choosing to respect the past suffering of “the other.”
Our experience reminds me of Plato's “Allegory of the Cave.” The great philosopher asks you to imagine that you have been imprisoned all your life in a dark cave, with your hands and feet shackled and your head restrained so that you can only look at the wall in front of you. Behind you is a blazing fire, and between you and the fire there is a walkway where others move back and forth. The shadows cast on the wall by those objects are the only things you see. Those shadows become your reality. Suppose you are released from your shackles and freed to walk around the cave. Dazzled at first by the fire, you would gradually come to understand the origin of the shadows that you thought were real. Finally, you are allowed out of the cave and into the sunlit world, where you see the fullness of reality. But if you go back to the cave and tell others what you saw, will they believe you? No, they will condemn you. That is what happened to us, the Palestinian students who dared to visit Auschwitz. We simply left the cave.
Some of Professor Dajani's colleagues believe this entire exercise has been a curse, given the attacks and criticism we have suffered since we returned home. Yet Professor Dajani, the eternal optimist, sees only a blessing in what we have done. We have opened a crack in the wall of ignorance. We have made Palestinians talk publicly about a topic that was once taboo.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
PHOTO: There Will Be Plenty Of Cornholing At Tybee Gay Days
PHOTO: The publicist for Gay Days at Tybee Island, Georgia, deserves a big fat raise. Not only did they send us a cute photo of two hot guys amusing themselves on the picturesque island. But they titled the image “playing cornhole”—which naturally sent it to the top of our in-box.
For the uninitiated, cornhole is an old-timey game in which players take turns throwing weighted bags at a raised platform that has a hole in it. (It's also known as “corn toss,” “bean-bag toss,” “baggo” and “bags,” but none of those names make us giggle.)
If this sounds like fun, GaySavannah.com is sponsoring a whole weekend of events for the LGBT community at Tybee Gay Days 2013, being held May 3-5 on Tybee Island, a pastoral paradise just 20 minutes outside Savannah.
Below, bone up on some common cornhole terminology.
Congressmen Chaffetz and a house panel have approved H.R.24 – Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2017 that would allow an audit of the Federal Reserve.
From Market Watch:
The House Committee on oversight and government reform passed the measure by voice vote after roughly 30 minutes of debate.
The bill was the brainchild of Ron Paul, the former House Republican and libertarian presidential candidate and sharp critic of the U.S. monetary policy. Versions of the bill have twice passed the House by wide margins but then stalled due to lack of support from Democrats in the Senate and the Obama administration.
Analysts said the measure has a better chance to become law now that Republicans control both houses of Congress and the White House. Paul's son, Rand, the Republican senator from Kentucky, has introduced a similar measure in the Senate.
“It is ironic that the arsonists that caused the financial collapse are now being given credit…for putting out the fire. Almost every macroeconomist concedes in retrospect that [the Fed's] extended period of easy money led to the financial crisis,” said Rep. Thomas Massie, a Republican from Kentucky.
It was not the custom for Travellers to get married as teenagers and the vast majority chose their own life partners, the director of the Irish Traveller Movement has said. Brigid Quilligan, a member of the Traveller community, was reacting to recent claims that there remained a widespread tradition of arranged marriages and marrying very young among Travellers.
“There may be a tiny number of these types of marriages in the community. I myself would be against very young marriages or arranged marriages and I think that would be the opinion of most Travellers. It puts enormous pressure on the young couple and especially on the young woman, but what individual people choose to do in any community, within their own families, is a matter for them.”
Ms Quilligan was speaking in the wake of a fatal shooting at a wedding in Co Fermanagh on Wednesday.
The priest who officiated at the wedding of a 17-year-old bride and 16-year-old groom, both of who were Travellers, said on a number of radio programmes yesterday they had conducted “umpteen” Traveller weddings where the couple was very young. Fr Michael Kelly of St Mary's Church, Newtownbutler, said Travellers held weddings in Northern Ireland as the minimum age for marriage was 16, whereas in the Republic it was 18.
“This is the custom or tradition within the Traveller community – the bride and groom are selected by the grandparents or parents very early on. They are cajoled, I suppose, into marriage under 18.
“Both of them were under 18 . . . It was arranged three or four months ago. I've had this conversation with the mothers umpteen times, about how young they get married and how should they not see a wee bit of life before they get married, but it's a tradition within their culture to get married before they have children . . . So that's why they rush them into marriage so young.”
However, Ms Quilligan said Fr Kelly's comments were “absolutely incorrect”. “In some families some may want to get married very young, and some do travel [to the] North to do that, but the vast majority of young Travellers are focused on getting an education and they choose their own partners later in life.”
MEXICO CITY — Four men have been arrested in the murder of a Honduran environmental and indigenous rights activist whose killing two months ago prompted international condemnation, the authorities said on Monday.
The activist, Berta Cáceres, led a decade-long fight to block construction of the Agua Zarca Dam along the Gualcarque River, which is sacred to their Lenca people. Despite numerous threats and the killings of other members of their organization, they were undeterred.
They were awarded the prestigious Goldman Environmental Prize last year, but the international acclaim was not enough to protect them On March 3, gunmen burst into the house where they were staying in La Esperanza, their hometown, in western Honduras, and fatally shot them
The suspects were arrested in raids early Monday. Two of them are linked to the Honduran company that is building the dam, Desarrollos Energéticos S.A., or DESA.
In the 15 or so years I have been in this business, I have represented almost 20 photographers and consulted with countless more. I am proud to say that many of the photographers I represented when I first started are still with me today. That is one of my proudest career achievements.
I share this with you because I want to be clear that the letter below is not based on any one experience with any one photographer. Instead, it is based on years of experiences with not only my current photographers but with the ones I consulted with, gave advice to in conversation, ended relations with, discussed with other reps, read about in articles, listened to at speaking engagements, met at events and kept in touch with over the years.
I write this letter in the hopes of starting a conversation between agents and photographers that will remind us that we are in this together; each of us trying to make the other a better photographer, agent, partner, therapist and friend.
Dear Photographer,
We have been getting to know each other for almost 20 years. We have experienced the high of the Dot Com together and the low of the crash. We have created websites and redone portfolios together. We have traveled, made new friends and created great imagery. We have worked together to reframe our businesses to survive in a new market. We have argued, disagreed and ultimately pushed each other to be better at what we do. While it wasn't always easy, I do know we are all thankful for each other and the opportunity to work together in such a creative industry.
Looking back over our experiences, I thought it would be valuable to share some insights into what motivates agents and makes a successful photographer/agent partnership.
• If we both agree that we should partner, it will be because our goals are in sync, we believe in each others talents and trust that we will do right by each other. It will be because we have similar values and a shared approach to this business. And, assuming all of those things exist, for us, it will ultimately be because you were nice. Yes, just plain old nice.
• We both work very hard. We both are dedicated. We both are passionate about your images. You choose to be a photographer because you can't imagine doing anything else. We choose to be an agent because you can't imagine doing anything else. Let's help each other stay true to these ideas.
• Your talent and creativity are the most important part of the process. If you didn't produce great work that inspires you and others, we would no longer have a role. We recognize that and value that you have chosen us as a partner to help guide you.
• An agent is a valuable part of the marketing process and a direct link between the creative community and your work. We have our fingers on the pulse of what is going on out there and we work hard to stay connected. We will have feedback for you that sometimes you will not like and we hope that we can talk about it reasonably and honestly.
• We are your sales and marketing managers and if you do not believe in either of those things and instead think all you need is for you work to speak for itself, you are mistaken. In today's commercial photography market, you need to promote yourself and your work in many different ways; more so than any other time in our industry's history.
• You need to shoot new, relevant, good work often. Again, you need to shoot new, relevant, good work often. I wish it were different and you could just shoot a few really compelling, award winning, images a year and everyone would remember you and choose you first for all of their projects. But that isn't the case. Competition is enormous and if you aren't shooting the new work, someone else is shooting it. We need that new work to cheerlead for you, update websites, create email blasts, update portfolios, write blog posts, post to Facebook, send to clients on your wish list and plain old brag about you. Without it, our “to-do list” for you is very short.
• Finding your own marketing voice is crucial. Creatives, art buyers and clients enjoy hearing from us but they need to hear from you as well. And in today's market, the paths in which to take to share your voice are abundant. To name a few, go on appointments after a shoot, travel with your agent, write a blog, share personal photos on Tumblr and Instagram, post on Facebook, attend industry events and network. If you are not shooting new work, the single most important thing you do is make connections.
• Be connected to your work. Connect us to your work. Share things with us. Update us on what you are working on and tell us when something good happens in your career. Let us see the work you are creating, even if you aren't in love with it. You never know what suggestion we may have. If we don't know what you are working on , we cannot offer guidance.
• Know that we understand that when money is tight it is very hard to spend it on marketing and promotions. However, we also know that you need to spend money to make money and just as with any other profession, you need to update your toolbox and advertise your service. Pushing pause on your marketing is not always the best way to save money. Something to consider in this situation is re-evaluating your finances, revising your marketing plan to adjust to your financial situation and readjusting your expectations.
• We are in business together. When you do not get a job, neither do we. I know it hurts your wallet and ego but it does ours too.
• We have expenses too. Big ones. We may not spend a lot of time sharing them with you but they exist and just like your expenses, ours keep going up and up too. We do not get to pass any of our expenses on to a project and we do not have cost centers where we can cover items that go over in other areas. At Heather Elder Represents, we do not pass along our travel and promotional expenses, but in other groups they do. I am hearing more and more that rep agencies are requiring photographers to pay for travel and even charge consulting fees for projects such as portfolio and website reviews. I suspect these type of trends will continue.
• Our time is our inventory. So when you ask us to cut our fees because your friend referred you a job or because you had to remove travel from the estimate or you handled the estimate on your own, please remember that we do not charge you by the hour and there are so many things that our fees need to cover. If you look back at the end of the year and do not think we were worth the dollar amount you paid us then please speak up. But I am guessing that if we are doing our job, then the dollar amount is a fair representation of what we accomplished together with you.
• For those of us agents that still do not handle the billing for our photographers, please recognize that we are often last in a very long line to get paid. If you owe us money, please pay us. Do not put us last on your list. And, please honor your contract and pay within the stated time after receiving your payment. We understand you may be busy, but waiting until timing is more manageable, causes us cash flow problems. If you cannot pay us, tell us. Do not avoid the issue. Please do come up with a plan to pay, even if it is a little bit at a time.
• Please return our calls, emails and other requests for to-do list items. Our needs for imagery, emailers, mailers, blog posts and other marketing tools are never ending. But, it is for all of our benefit. Without them, we cannot market your work and are left with no promotional tools. We understand that you cannot get to every email or every request – especially when you are on the road. But, when we have to continuously follow up with you, it is not a good use of our time. Wouldn't you rather us working to get you new work rather than annoying you again with our requests?
• If you don't currently have an agent, do not email or call asking us if we will represent you. Consider a different approach. If we are not looking to add to our roster, the conversation is over as soon as we tell you that we aren't looking. Why not open the door for a connection? Ask for an opinion, let us know that you will be looking for a rep in the future and will be keeping us updated on your work. We may not always reply but we are usually good at looking at your new work. When the time comes, if we start looking for someone new, we always start with the photographers that have consistently kept in touch with us. Every rep has a short list of photographers that they stay connected with in the hopes that someday we can partner together.
Thank you again for all of your trust and support. Thank you for your creativity and resourcefulness. Thank you for your patience. And, of course, thank you for your friendship.
I hope that this letter starts a conversation between us and I welcome the questions, comments, input and feedback. Please do consider writing your own letter as I would love to share it with the photography and agent community. The more we keep talking the more we will understand each other and the stronger our relationships will be in the future.
It was billed as the dramatic ending to “the greatest season in the history of hockey,” the Ottawa Citizen said. And had the events of April 13, 1927 not otherwise spiraled into bedlam, or, as the next morning's Montreal Gazette described, “a rowdy free-for-all which rivaled gang warfare at its worst,” Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final might've actually entered the tomes with a similarly positive slant.
Business was booming during the NHL's infancy, so much that three expansion franchises—the New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks and Detroit Cougars—had increased the ranks to 10 before the '26-27 season. At the head of the class were the Ottawa Senators, who started 9-0-1 and eventually, by virtue of the larger schedule, became the first team ever to win 30 games.
The playoffs weren't much more difficult. After receiving a bye through the first round and cruising past the Montreal Canadiens in the second–5-1 on aggregate over two games—they met Boston for the Cup. Games 1 and 3 had ended in ties, but since the Senators had snatched Game 2, 3-1, one more win would clinch the best-of-three series. They returned home to a crowd of 8,500, not quite a sellout due to “religious holidays this week,” the Gazette noted. This left enough room at Ottawa Auditorium to accommodate the circus that tooted into town by the end of the night.
Thrilling as they might have been, the hockey highlights of the Senators' 3-1 win were immediate afterthoughts. Even the third-period scrum that required on-ice police presence seemed irrelevant in hindsight. What mattered most happened at the end of the hallway reserved for officials, in a passage leading to their dressing room. After the game, the Citizen reported, referee Dr. Jerry Laflamme was returning from the ice when Bruins manager Art Ross grabbed them by the sweater and prevented them from entering. Several Boston players then jumped Laflamme and “shamefully assaulted” him.
Forget the greatest season in the history of hockey. The ugly episode resulted in what remains the biggest suspension ever levied in the NHL's 100 years: lifetime banishment for a square-jawed, temperamental defenseman named Billy Coutu.
***
“Coutu is generally a most affable player, but they are prone on occasion to run amuck and do things for which they are very sorry afterwards.” So wrote the Citizen on Jan. 19, 1926. It was most certainly one of those times.
An Ontario native who had skated in the NHL since its inception, Coutu was then serving as captain for the Canadiens. They had demonstrated an ability to behave before, earning only eight penalties minutes in '21-22, one season after leading the league with 95 while playing for Hamilton. They were durable too, missing zero games in three consecutive years and winning the '24 Cups with Montreal.
Still, their résumé was blotted with altercations. Brawling during the '23 playoffs earned Coutu and fellow blueliner Sprague Cleghorn both $200 fines and suspensions for what became Montreal's last game of the season. On Jan. 21, 1925, after drawing a minor penalty for elbowing, Coutu protested enough to earn a 10-minute major. Then, like parents tacking time onto their kid's grounding—One week! One month! One year! Until college!—the referee began fining Coutu for every additional outburst. The final tally was $100.
And now one year later, also against Ottawa, also with Laflamme presiding as referee, Coutu received a 10-minute penalty for hooking their stick around Frank Nighbor's neck and throwing the Senators forward to the ice. Furious with the call, the crowd at Montreal's Mount Royal Arena began hurling glass bottles, which delayed the game for 10 minutes for cleanup. At the end, Laflamme skated toward the bench area and bent down to retrieve the puck for the ensuing faceoff. When Coutu stuck out one foot and tripped him, out spilled another C-note from the wallet. (He was also suspended for the next game.)
Which makes it curious, then, that Coutu is hardly mentioned in newspaper reports of how Game 4 against Ottawa in '27 unfolded. Oh, there were incidents, to be sure. Boston's Jimmy Herbert flew into a rage after taking a high-sticking penalty, butt-ended Laflamme, and began threatening the referee. Only after Herbert was “chased into the bench by teammates before they could do more than use some unparliamentary language,” wrote the Gazette, did they calm down.
While the Bruins occupied themselves by dousing Laflamme in ire, the Senators rolled. Frank Finnegan opened the scoring five minutes into the second period, and leading scorer Cy Denneny cranked a blast from the blue line that goalie Hal Winkler never saw. (It was reported that Denney had only uncorked such a deep shot because some fan had shouted, “Shoot Cy.”) Late in the third period, when Denneny made it 3-0, the tinderbox finally lit.
With roughly five minutes remaining, Boston defenseman Lionel Hitchman and Ottawa forward Hooley Smith started slashing each other and squared off to settle their differences. Compelled by chivalry—or probably just testosterone—Georges Boucher rushed to Smith's defense and wound up sparking a brawl that only ended after local coppers broke everyone apart.
In the last minute of play, Harry Oliver finally put the Bruins on the board. The speedy winger's apparent reward was the butt-end of Smith's stick, delivered to the face. According to the Gazette, “Oliver had to be assisted staggering from the ice, their nose broken and themselves dizzy from the blow.” Seeking retribution, Boston's Eddie Shore then clocked Smith with a haymaker to the mouth. All principle parties were sent off with match penalties, and the few who hadn't been by now ticked away the final seconds. Ottawa celebrated. Boston retreated toward the dressing rooms.
***
Dr. Laflamme, when interviewed afterwards, stated that they were unhurt and that they contemplated taking no action in the matter except to report the affair to the league president, Frank Calder, who attended the game but who was not present when the fracas occurred. – Ottawa Citizen, April 14, 1927.
The decision came down within 24 hours. It was swift—and arguably harsh, given other damage done that night—justice for Coutu. But they hadn't just gone after Laflamme in the hallway. When brawny referee Billy Bell tried intervening, Coutu reportedly tackled them too. A message was to be sent. “For striking Referees Bell and Dr. Laflamme,” the statement from Calder read, “Player Coutu is expelled from the National Hockey League and is fined $100.”
Why was Coutu given the lifetime boot while Smith was only suspended one month for attacking Oliver? As the Gazette wrote, “Manhandling referees is a dangerous practice to creep into any sport series…it might be well if some consideration is given by the authorities to rules which will halt such displays and assaults against officials as were in evidence tonight…Penalties and small fines are not enough.”
Indeed, it's an issue the NHL has always taken seriously. Anaheim's Antoine Vermette recently appealed a 10-game suspension for “abuse of an official,” which was automatically dealt after they whacked linesman Shandor Alphonso with their stick off a faceoff. And a lawsuit remains open in New York federal court between the league and the NHLPA over an arbitrator's decision concerning Calgary defenseman Dennis Wideman's collision with linesman Don Henderson on Jan. 27, 2016.
Of course, Coutu was on a different level entirely, both with personal history and severity of the act. Bruins president Charles Adams raised a fuss at Calder's ruling and suggested that Coutu might ask for a hearing. But the next month, in a meeting at Montreal's Windsor Hotel, team governors voted to uphold Coutu's ban, according to the Gazette. Neither Boston nor Coutu appealed. (Perhaps in direct response, the owners also approved the creation of a “referee-in-chief,” who would oversee all officiating “and generally to have a roving commission over the circuit seeing that games are properly conducted.”)
Two years passed. Coutu found work in the minor leagues, but was “bitter and without remorse,” NHL reporter Dave Stubbs wrote in ‘07. Then came some surprising news. On Oct. 8, 1929, Calder decreed that Coutu was free to sign with any NHL team, provided that their current squad in Minneapolis released him.
“Coutu has been training all season and is fit and ready to start strenuous practice at any time,” the Gazette gushed. “He looks fit and ready and will no doubt prove a useful defenceman to some of the clubs in the N.H.L. this season. For the past two or three seasons Coutu has been playing in the minor leagues and has made good with each of the clubs they represented. They have been in Montreal since the close of last hockey season and late this summer started in to get in condition for hockey.”
The comeback fizzled at launch. Coutu returned to the minors, playing into their late 30s with Minneapolis and appearing in one game at 40 for Providence in the Can-Am Hockey League. According to Stubbs's article, Canadiens owner Leo Dandurand successfully lobbied league governors in March 1932 to rescind the lifetime banishment. Whether this carried different meaning than Calder's decision in 1929, or was merely rubberstamping that one, it was purely ceremonial either way. The longest suspension in league history wound up being just that—though Coutu coached in the minors for several more seasons, their NHL career ended in that hallway.
Venture capital investor Eileen Burbidge is on the review panel. Eileen Burbidge A panel comprised of government tech leaders and healthcare experts has started scrutinising the work of Google DeepMind's healthcare team.
DeepMind, a British AI startup acquired by Google in 2014 for £400 million, is processing NHS patient data through a new division called DeepMind Health.
Mustafa Suleyman, DeepMind cofounder and head of DeepMind Health, told Business Insider on Monday that the review panel met roughly four to five weeks ago.
The board includes the likes of Tech City UK chair Eileen Burbidge, former government chief digital officer Mike Bracken, and The Lancet Editor-in-Chief, Richard Horton.
It's unclear at this stage what was the panel discussed at the meeting but it's likely that addressed Google DeepMind's partnership with the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust, which was criticised by privacy campaigners. They're also likely to have spoken about Google DeepMind's partnership with Moorfields Eye Hospital, which was announced on Tuesday.
The London-based AI lab says its technology has the potential to improve the way patients are diagnosed and treated but it acknowledges that working in healthcare requires regular and independent oversight. As a result, it set up a reviewer board for DeepMind Health when it launched the unit in February.
DeepMind states on its website that the board will meet four times a year but the nine individuals on the board had not met when Business Insider made enquiries in April.
Allen J Wilcox ( wilcox{at}niehs.nih.gov ) , branch chief a, David Dunson , investigator b, Donna Day Baird , senior investigator a a Epidemiology Branch, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, Durham, NC 27709, USA b Biostatistics Branch, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences Correspondence to: A J Wilcox Accepted 30 August 2000
Abstract Objectives: To provide specific estimates of the likely occurrence of the six fertile days (the “fertile window”) during the menstrual cycle. Design: Prospective cohort study. Participants: 221 healthy women who were planning a pregnancy. Main outcome measures: The timing of ovulation in 696 menstrual cycles, estimated using urinary metabolites of oestrogen and progesterone. Results: The fertile window occurred during a broad range of days in the menstrual cycle. On every day between days 6 and 21, women had at minimum a 10% probability of being in their fertile window. Women cannot predict a sporadic late ovulation; 4-6% of women whose cycles had not yet resumed were potentially fertile in the fifth week of their cycle. Conclusions: In only about 30% of women is the fertile window entirely within the days of the menstrual cycle identified by clinical guidelines—that is, between days 10 and 17. Most women reach their fertile window earlier and others much later. Women should be advised that the timing of their fertile window can be highly unpredictable, even if their cycles are usually regular.
Introduction During the average woman's menstrual cycle there are six days when intercourse can result in pregnancy; this “fertile window” comprises the five days before ovulation and the day of ovulation itself.1–3 Just as the day of ovulation varies from cycle to cycle so does the timing of the six fertile days. Reliable methods to predict ovulation are lacking, therefore predicting the fertile window is also unreliable. Clinical guidelines suggest the cycle days during which the fertile window is most likely to occur, but these guidelines are outdated. We provide new estimates based on a prospective study of healthy women.
Participants and methods Our data were drawn from a study of early pregnancy conducted in North Carolina.4 Overall, 221 women were enrolled at the time they discontinued their method of birth control. The protocol was approved by our institute's review board, and participants provided informed consent. We excluded women with known fertility problems. Most volunteers were white women aged between 25 and 35 and educated to college level; two thirds were nulliparous. At enrolment the women were asked about the regularity of their cycles and the usual length of their cycles. The participants collected the first urine sample of the morning each day and recorded the days during which intercourse and menstrual bleeding occurred. During the study, 136 women (62%) conceived pregnancies that ended in live births. Details of study methods, participants, and pregnancy outcomes have been published. 1 4 5 Day of ovulation was estimated from the changing ratio of urinary concentrations of oestrone-3-glucuronide (a major metabolite of oestradiol) and pregnanediol-3-glucuronide (the major metabolite of progesterone), measured in daily urine specimens. 6 7 Although no marker of ovulation corresponds perfectly with release of the egg,8 the steroid ratio based on the first urine sample of the morning seems to be as statistically precise in identifying ovulation as the surge in luteinising hormone concentration, either in urine or serum. 9 10 The day of ovulation is the benchmark defining the six potentially fertile days of the menstrual cycle—that is, the five days before ovulation and ovulation itself. This fertile window was estimated from the present study, confirmed in a reanalysis of British data, and reported as a preliminary finding from a multicentre European study. 1 2 3 11 Statistical analysis Day 1 of the menstrual cycle was defined by the onset of menstrual bleeding. The hormone algorithm estimated a day of ovulation for 696 cycles from 213 women. Each woman's cycles were weighted by the reciprocal of their number of cycles to avoid overrepresenting less fertile women who contributed more cycles. The frequency distribution of ovulation days was smoothed by fitting a log t distribution with a zero probability of ovulation on the first three days of the cycle. The smoothed distribution of ovulation days provides an estimate of the probability that a woman ovulates on a particular day. The distribution also provides the probability that a particular day of the cycle falls within the fertile window. The day specific probabilities of being within the fertile window were calculated for all the women, for subgroups according to whether the women had reported their cycles to be regular or irregular, and for those women with regular cycles stratified by usual cycle length. The probability for a specific day applies only to women who have reached that day of their cycle—that is, women whose menses have not yet resumed. Fig 1 Probability of being in fertile window by day of menstrual cycle Fig 2 Probability of women with regular or irregular cycles being in their fertile window This analysis assumes that the inherent fertility of a cycle is not related to the day of ovulation. We tested this assumption as follows. The rate of clinical pregnancy per cycle was 21% among all 696 cycles. This rate was 20% among cycles with early ovulation (99 cycles before day 13) and 22% among cycles with late ovulation (113 cycles after day 21). This apparent lack of association had also been found in earlier analyses of these data.12
Results Ovulation occurred as early as the eighth day and as late as the 60th day of the menstrual cycle. Figure 1 shows the distribution of fertile days, generated by the smoothed distribution of ovulation days. Overall, an estimated 2% of women were in their fertile window by the fourth day of their cycle and 17% by the seventh day (based on 213 women). This percentage peaked on days 12 and 13, when 54% of women were in their fertile window. If ovulation was delayed, women reached their fertile days much later. Among women who reached the fifth week of their cycle, 4-6% were in their fertile window. At enrolment, 16% of women had reported that their cycles were “irregular” (the length of time between their periods was not generally the same from cycle to cycle). During the study, these women tended to ovulate later and at more variable times, resulting in their fertile days being spread more broadly across their cycles (fig 2). The precision of the estimates can be improved by using women's reports of the usual length of their cycle. The women reported usual cycle lengths as short as 19 days and as long as 60 days, with 28 days being the most common. We found substantial correlation between usual cycle length at enrolment and day of ovulation (follicular phase length) during the study (R=0.55, all cycles). Thus, self reported cycle length can be useful in predicting whether a woman is in their fertile window. Figure 3 shows the probability of women with regular cycles being in their fertile window, grouped by usual cycle length. Women who reported that their cycles usually lasted 27 days or less on average ovulated earlier during the study and therefore had earlier fertile windows than women with longer cycles. An estimated one third of the 39 women with short cycles had reached their fertile window by the end of the first week, compared with only 7% of the 55 women with long cycles (fig 3). Fig 3 Probability of women with regular cycles being in fertile window, stratified by usual cycle length
Discussion During the first world war, a German doctor described 25 pregnancies that had resulted from single acts of intercourse with soldiers on military leave.13 The days on which conception occurred ranged from days 2 to 30 of the menstrual cycle. We know of no more recent empirical data on the range of fertile days in the menstrual cycle. We estimated that women had a less than 1% probability of being within their fertile days (the “fertile window”) by the second day of the menstrual cycle (fig 1). This probability, however, rose rapidly during the second week, and by days 12 and 13 just over half of the women were within their fertile days. Although late ovulation did not occur often, it was observed in all the subgroups. Even women who regarded their cycles as regular had a 1-6% probability of being in their fertile window on the day their next menses was expected (fig 3). Biological interpretation Intercourse during the fertile window is not sufficient to produce pregnancy. Pregnancy depends on the viability of the sperm and egg, the receptivity of the uterus, and other factors that vary widely among couples. 3 12 Within the six fertile days of each cycle, the probability of conception is the lowest on the first day. 2 3 This is most relevant for the earliest days in the menstrual cycle, which are also the most likely to be the earliest (and least fertile) day of the fertile window. Early ovulation has sometimes been thought to signal a less fertile cycle. For example, some authorities state that a cycle is seldom fertile when ovulation occurs before day 13 of the menstrual cycle.14 We found no evidence of this. Indeed, the earliest ovulation in our study (cycle day 8) produced a healthy infant. Clinical guidelines Current clinical guidelines about a woman's potentially fertile days have been based on two assumptions—that ovulation occurs 14 days before the next menses and that women are fertile for several days before and after ovulation.15 It follows that in the usual menstrual cycle lasting 28 days, the fertile days would fall between days 10 and 17.15 The assumptions are, however, outdated. Firstly, only a small percentage of women ovulate exactly 14 days before the onset of menses. 10 16 This is true even for women whose cycles are usually 28 days long. Among the 69 cycles for 28 days in our study, ovulation occurred 14 days before the next menses in only 10%. Time from ovulation to next menses ranged from 7 to 19 days (days 10 to 22 of the menstrual cycle). Thus, the fertile window can occur much earlier or later in the cycle than clinical guidelines suggest. On average, at least 10% of women with regular cycles were in their fertile window on any given day of their cycle between days 6 and 21 (fig 2). The timing of the fertile window is even less predictable for women with less regular cycles, which includes adolescents and women in their perimenopause.17 What is already known on this topic According to clinical guidelines, the average woman is potentially fertile between days 10 and 17 of their menstrual cycle This assumes that ovulation occurs exactly 14 days before the onset of the next menses, and that the fertile window extends before and after ovulation; however, these assumptions are based on outdated information What this study adds The timing of the fertile window is highly variable, even among women who regard their menstrual cycles as regular More than 70% of women are in their fertile window before day 10 or after day 17 of their menstrual cycle There are few days of the menstrual cycle during which some women are not potentially fertile Regarding the second assumption, the evidence for fertile days after ovulation comes from studies using crude measures of ovulation (for example, basal body temperature). With more precise measures, the fertile window does not seem to extend beyond the day of ovulation. 1 2 It follows that women reach their fertile days earlier in the cycle than suggested by current guidelines. For example, women with regular 28 day cycles are most likely to be potentially fertile on days 8-15 of their menstrual cycle (fig 3). Advice to couples Figure 1 may be useful for couples who wish to time their intercourse to occur during the woman's fertile window. This approach can be improved by taking into account the regularity and usual length of the woman's cycle (figs 2 and 3). Because we excluded couples with known infertility problems, our data do not necessarily apply to couples having trouble conceiving. Any couple wishing to have a baby can easily avoid the uncertainty of predicting fertile days by engaging in intercourse two or three times a week.1 Abstinence on specific days of the menstrual cycle remains a method of family planning for many couples worldwide.18 Women should be aware that no calendar method is completely effective. Our data suggest there are few days in the menstrual cycle during which some women are not potentially capable of becoming pregnant—including even the cycle day on which they may expect their next menses to begin.
Acknowledgments Reverend B Maurice Ritchie translated the article by Pryll. Dr D Robert McConnaughey processed the data and provided the graphs. Joy Pierce supervised the field study. Dr Clarice Weinberg was a coinvestigator on the original study and offered suggestions at many stages. Drs Curtis Eshelman, Ruth Little, Dale Sandler, and Amy Sayle provided helpful comments on earlier drafts of the manuscript. We thank the women who participated. More details from the analysis are available on http://dir.niehs.nih.gov/direb/supplem/home.html. Contributors: AJW designed and directed the original study, conceived the data analysis, interpreted the results, and drafted the manuscript; they will act as guarantor. DD developed the statistical models, conducted the analysis, and helped interpret the results and compose the manuscript. DDB codirected the study, managed the steroid analyses, and helped interpret the results and compose the manuscript.
GDC 2015 - Valve has been showing off its VR headset to various members of the press and industry, but ex Epic Games God and now boss of Boss Key Productions, Cliffy "CliffyB" Bleszinski, has used it and taken to Twitter with their impressions.
CliffyB had nothing but good things to say, where they tweeted: "Valve's VR demo is a religious experiecne. I was nearly in tears at one point. Pure magic. Next level stuff. Mind blown. Also, funny too". I don't think there's anything else to know at this point - but VR is going to really change things. For it to be referred to as a "religious experience" and that it's "pure magic" and "next level stuff" and that they had their "mind blown" we are beginning to turn the dial up on our excitement meter.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United are by “every definition a big club”, according to David James.
But given such a long-standing dearth of silverware on Tyneside, not to mention the current lack of ambition for any, they also have the Magpies down as a “white elephant”.
The conundrum? Mike Ashley, obviously.
Yet while James – who enjoyed some magical encounters against the Toon, most memorably while at Liverpool – accepts such ownership entitles said owner to the freedom to act as they please, they say it is vital to “get the right people to make the right decisions”.
And though the former England keeper is keen to stress they are “not suggesting that Alan Pardew shouldn't be there”, they believe it is time Newcastle delivered “some sort of success”.
“You're looking at a manager of a big side possibly to do more,” said James, who briefly played under Pardew at West Ham, in late 2003.
“You've got the support there, 52,000 capacity. You can see it (St James' Park) from all around.
“So it's a big-pressure job, and I don't know how long he's got left on their contract, I'm not suggesting that they shouldn't be there.
“But when you look at the turnaround of managers in the Premier League – was it 10 last season from nine different clubs, because in part they want to stay in the Premier League? – they want more from their teams.
“Look at the likes of Manchester United. They want a big name in there to get success.
“Well, with all due respect, I think Newcastle needs to be getting some sort of success.”
Of Pardew, James added: “He's done some terrific stuff.
“With West Ham, they had some success, the FA Cup Final. At Newcastle, he's had spells.
“But again, as a fan, you look at Newcastle and I think this is almost like a white elephant, in a sense, that they've been around for so long and they've been massive for so long.
“I mean, I've played them in the Premier League, I've played them in what was Division Two the year that Newcastle got promoted, in fact.
“You think, when people talk about big clubs, it's a cliched term now. If a team's got 20,000 fans for some reason they're a big club.
“Newcastle have the third largest attendance in the Premier League, and that is by every definition a big club.”
Now a commentator for BT Sport, James – who recently declared themselves bankrupt – added: “Obviously, there's an issue where the owner, and Cardiff City are probably a good case in point, wants to decide who comes in and when they come in, and whatever else.
“(They) have too much say, unless they know something about football.
“My counter-argument to that is that if it's their money and they own the club, he's entitled to do what they want, just as you would if it was you.
“So it's not to say that they shouldn't do that but, ultimately, unless the owner is in that sort of position, then it's getting the right people to make the right decisions.”
Transracial. It's real. And it's finally getting press thanks to Rachel Dolezal — the transracial Jesus. The way the media is treating her, she's basically our Mathew Sheppard. Everyone on the left and the right is tying them up to a fence and beating them to death simply because they dared to live the way they felt was natural — in a meticulously crafted type of blackface known as transracial.
Well guess what folks, it's not 2014 anymore. It's 2015 — specifically June 2015 – and it's time to stop living in the past.
I finally feel safe enough to admit that I'm transracial. It's true. I've felt this way ever since I was five years old — when I first started drawing pictures of myself with crayons that didn't match my skin tone. That's the telltale sign of transracial by the way. A transracial child will use brown crayons. Rachel Dolezal did, and I did too. That's how science works. Race is just a social construct based on which crayons you use as a child.
But life for transracial people is harder than it is for everyone else. Everyone hates us. We get fired from the NAACP. And there's only three of us (me, Rachel Dolezal, and Tom Hank's stepson that loves to use the n-word). If you want to be a good person, follow this list of things to NEVER say to a transracial person:
“So like, what AREN'T you?”
Ugh. Nothing, alright? I'm not not anything. I'm all of them. I'm all of the races. You can go down the list and check off every single one, because all of them are me. Am I Mexican? Si Senior. Am I black? Ya damn skippy. Am I Chinese? #1 Lucky You Bet. I'm every single race — even the ones I don't know about yet. Like, I think Catalans are a thing, but I'm not sure what they are exactly.
Anyhow, I'm one of them. Whatever I'm feeling that day determines my race, and sometimes it varies throughout the day. You see race is kind of like a mood ring — you change colors on the outside when your truth changes on the inside. And your truth depends entirely on what situation you're in. For example, if I'm applying to colleges, I'm Black. If I'm trying to do math, I make sure I feel as Chinese as possible, unless I'm calculating a tip for a waiter, in which case I Jew it up. Get pulled over? I have an entire jar of mayonnaise in the glove compartment as well as a pair of salmon shorts that I immediately put on so the cop knows that I'm as white as it gets. I am all of the races.
“Can you stop touching my hair?”
Look, black people, I have to touch your hair. It's called research. The smell part is easy; I just steal old hand towels from my gym and I stuff 'em down my pants, but the hair is extremely difficult to fabricate. You know how stupid I would look if I just tried to guess what real black hair felt like? No, I need some kind of tactile understanding of it before I design my costume. So just sit still and let me touch your hair, I'll get off the bus in a second. Actually you should be thanking me that I've chosen your hair to sample. It's kind of like you're my mom now.
“That's so weird, you don't LOOK (Black/White/Asian)!”
Yeah, I haven't put on my costume yet dumbass. I just woke up. Do you know how long blackface takes to put on? Do you know how dangerous all those shoe polish chemicals are? If I went full black before noon I'd be drunk off the fumes by lunch. I'm going for black, not Irish here. Maybe you could be a little more sensitive to my issue and keep your comments to yourself.
“You don't seem like those other transracial people. Like that Rachel lady who lied to get into college. You're chill.”
Look all transracial people aren't the same. Just because Racehl Dolezal is a bad person, it doesn't mean that other transracial people are (me, I'm the other transracial person.) How would you like it if I assumed things about you based on things other cisraced people have done? Don't stereotype me just because I put on black face and talk about how much I love chicken and being late. It's not only racist, its transracist.
“You're Faking It”
Faking what exactly? All this makeup I had to put on? The tape I used to keep my eyes slanted? I could say that your clothes make you fake or that back brace you have to use means your spine is fake. My skin color (white) is in a way, a disability. It's something that hinders me from experiencing my true race (whichever one benefits me at the moment). I'm not “faking it” any more than a guy with crutches is faking having a broken leg, or a student with PTSD is faking trauma to get their professor fired for saying that the Civil War was nuanced.
A gay lobby group has been given lottery cash to promote ‘alternative families' in Scottish primary schools.
The Awards for All scheme gave £10,000 to Stonewall Scotland to circulate DVDs celebrating same-sex parents.
Stonewall Scotland says the scheme challenges homophobia, but critics say it undermines the traditional family.
Evidence
Every primary school in Scotland will receive a DVD along with support materials.
Norman Wells of the Family Education Trust said: “There is a key difference between acknowledging the existence of different family types on the one hand and positively promoting them in the classroom on the other.
“It still takes a man and a woman to create a child and all the available evidence shows children benefit enormously from the complementary nature of the care that only a father and mother can provide.
Reality
“We should not close our eyes to the reality that where a child is not being raised by both natural parents, it is a cause of sadness or regret.”
They added: “Rather than using resources that celebrate alternative family forms and pretending that all types of family are of equal benefit to children and society, schools should be presenting the natural family unit, consisting of children raised by their own mother and father, as the ideal to aspire to.”
John Deighan, parliamentary officer for the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland, said: “This is a controversial issue and given that it is now part of a political process should not be receiving Lottery support. Children should not be exposed to the work of political lobby groups.”
Response
Colin Macfarlane, director of Stonewall Scotland, said: “Families in modern Scotland are made of all shapes and sizes. The majority of families still have a mum and a dad but different families exist, too.
“These include children with one mum or one dad, two mums or two dads or children living with their grandparents.
They added: “our resources have been developed in direct response to the overwhelming requests from schools and teachers to help them teach and celebrate the reality of what different families in modern Scotland look like.”
An Awards for All spokesperson said: “We're proud to support Stonewall.”
By Gabriela Resto-Montero
DNAinfo Reporter/Producer
MIDTOWN— Let this be a lesson to all reality TV stars who find themselves face-to-face with music royalty: When Prince says dance, you dance.
Prince booted a bashful Kim Kardashian off the stage during their sold-out show at Madison Square Garden Monday after they refused to dance with him.
"Get off the stage!" Prince said to Kardashian as they waved them away.
"Welcome to America," they said afterwards.
An audience member posted video footage of the interaction to YouTube Tuesday.
"I was so nervous I froze when Prince touched me!!!!" Kardashian posted on Twitter.
Apparently, they went back on stage later in the show for a second chance.
"Went up on stage AGAIN!" the reality star tweeted. "This time I redeemed myself! We all danced while Prince played the piano! Wow! What a night!"
Kardashian, star of E!'s "Keeping up With the Kardashians", opened up a SoHo boutique with their sister, Kourtney Kardashian, last year.
Questlove, drummer for The Roots and "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon," also snapped a photo of the on-stage diss.
"Prince calls for Kim to dance...kicks them offstage for lack of knowhow," Questlove tweeted.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Thousands of people in eastern China are without tap water after a spill from a factory may have dumped toxic chemicals into a river, state media said on Wednesday.
The spill comes just a week after the Environment Ministry said one in six major Chinese rivers are so polluted the water is unfit even for farmland.
The factory in the wealthy province of Zhejiang is suspected of contaminating the Tiaoxi River with chemicals including benzene and alkene, the official Xinhua news agency cited a government statement as saying.
“The pollution has disrupted the operation of two downstream water treatment facilities and affected tap water supplies in Hangzhou's Yuhang district, which has a population of about 848,400,” Xinhua said.
Two water treatment plants in the towns of Pingyao and Liangzhu stopped working on Sunday because of the spill and have not restarted, the report added.
“The local government has sent water trucks to the towns to distribute drinking water. Schools and kindergartens in the towns have been closed since Tuesday,” Xinhua said.
More than 100 companies have halted operations because of water shortages, though a reservoir upstream has discharged more water in an attempt to dilute the pollution, it added.
River water tests showed no sign of pollution from the chemicals, Xinhua said, but added it was not known when the waterworks will resume operations.
Zhejiang was already suffering from an earlier chemical leak into another river over the weekend.
Residents in regional capital Hangzhou, a popular tourist city famed for its historic lake, had resorted to panic buying of bottled water following the two spills, Xinhua added.
Chemical spills into rivers are frequent in China, where three decades of rapid industrialisation has taken a heavy toll on the environment.
In 2005, an explosion at a PetroChina plant in northeastern Jilin province poured 100 tonnes of toxic benzene compounds into the Songhua River, leaving millions of people in the frigid downstream city of Harbin without drinking water for nearly a week.
The 16-day shutdown of the federal government has finally come to an end, but many Americans are still furious about what they perceive as a GOP-sponsored gambit to defund the Affordable Care Act.
One outlet for that fury is a petition from the progressive MoveOn.org that calls for the U.S. Department of Justice to arrest and try Republican leaders, including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (Va.) and House Speaker John Boehner (Ohio), for "the crime of seditious conspiracy against the United States of America."
The petition argues that "the House GOP leadership's use of the Hastert Rule and H. Res 368 to shut down the government and threaten the US economy with default is an attempt to extort the United States government into altering or abolishing the Affordable Care Act, and thus, is self-evidently a seditious conspiracy." (The U.S. Code defines "seditious conspiracy" in part as any conspiracy "to oppose by force the authority [of the U.S. government], or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any law of the United States.")
With more than 21,000 signatures to date, the petition reflects a wider revulsion over the government's costly political meltdown -- which, among other consequences, resulted in furloughs for 800,000 federal workers, the shuttering of some Head Start programs, the suspension of federal health and safety inspections, and the loss of $24 billion in economic activity.
At the end of the standoff, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) was among those still angered by the shutdown, although not so angry as to accuse anyone of being an enemy of the state.
"I'm glad that the government shutdown has ended, and I'm relieved that we didn't default on our debt. But I want to be clear: I am NOT celebrating tonight," the senator wrote in an email Wednesday night. "So I'm relieved, but I'm also pretty angry."
UPDATE -- 10/18, 5:10 p.m.: MoveOn.org Platform Director Steven Biel gave the following statement to HuffPost:
I sometimes use my touchphone in the bath. I know it's stupid. One problem I encounter is that when put my left hand in the water without thinking, it gets wet and unusable for touchscreen navigation. It is too risky to try to hold and navigate with one hand. I found that I could use my nose to scroll but I couldn't see where my nose was touching precisely. It was at that point that I came up with this idea of a nose extension ‘finger' that would allow navigation while my phone is firmly held by one hand.
I did send a tweet from the bath last night which was typed as ‘Hello I am tweeting with my nose' unfortunately due to the phone's
auto-correct it sent it as…
I lost 2 followers.
It's also very handy when out and about multi-tasking on a cold day while wearing gloves. I imagine it would be a great accessory for iPad users.
I bought a handheld stylus that I embedded in the plaster nose. The plaster comes mixed with fibres that make it look hairy.
Although this is handy for me in the bath and outdoors it touches on possible uses for people without use of a hand. Though the design could be made more ‘subtle' for everday use maybe coming from around the neck.
UPDATE: see the amazing amount of press this received here
It was on BBC's Have I got News for You here
If you like this you might find my other projects interesting listed on the left menu like my Speed creating project where I made something creative each day for 30 days.
Follow me on Twitter or facebook.
This article is one of four articles that will focus on the relationship between fantasy success and NFL success. This study has been an interest of mine for some time now. I have often wondered if there was any connection between fantasy success and NFL success at each position. I also wondered if maybe I was thinking too hard into why one player is better than another for fantasy or if this research would actually have meaning. These findings are not meant to be a be-all and end-all when it comes to rankings or player tiebreakers, but I do believe it carries some weight when it comes to fantasy success. This article will focus strictly on the running back position. This is the second of a four-part series. If you missed the first article on quarterbacks, click here. The next two articles will feature wide receivers and tight ends.
The Question
Does a fantasy RB1 have to play for a winning team* in the NFL in that respective year? In addition, what proportion of fantasy RB1's played for playoff teams in that respective year?
*I am defining a “winning team” as any team with 8 or more wins (.500 or above) in a single season.
The Data
For this case study, I looked at each fantasy RB1 in every year since 2000. From there, I found the proportion of fantasy RB1's that were on a winning team and a playoff team in that respective year. The positional rankings are based on 1 point per 10 rushing/receiving yards, 6 points per rushing/receiving TD and 1 point per reception. For further clarification, here is how the top-5 looked for 2016:
A “1” in the “Winning Team” and “Playoff” columns indicates that criteria is true. As you can see, Zeke, Bell, and Murray were all on winning teams, but Murray failed to make the playoffs. On the other hand, the Cardinals and Bills failed to reach .500 and missed the playoffs. This was done for every fantasy RB1 since 2000.
Results
Before I finished the results, I took a minute to ponder what I should expect based on my knowledge of the NFL alone. You know that a fantasy RB1 is putting up great numbers statistically, easily over 1,000 yards rushing and 300 or more through the air, with 8 or more touchdowns. Basic NFL knowledge would tell you that a running back sees more volume when their team is ahead and they are trying to kill time. This should mean that we would expect a high percentage of fantasy RB1's to be on winning teams. Let's check the results:
I explained how to read this graph in the QB article, but here's a quick rundown: the top-12 was divided into 4 subcategories. In each category, the graph shows us the percentage of RBs on winning teams, with the expected number of RBs above each bar.
As you can see, we can expect 8 of the 12 RB1's to finish on winning teams (first bar). When you break the top-12 into the three other categories, we can get a clearer image of the top-12 rushers. Similar to QBs, the elite rushers (top-3) have a very high percentage of backs from winning teams. Of the top-3, we can expect at least two to come from winning teams, if not all three. In fact, when we extend the top-3 to the top-6, we see that nearly 5 of the top-6 backs come from winning teams, on average. Where the percentages get interesting is outside the top-6 in the last subcategory.
As shown in the graph, about 63% of the backs in the bottom half of the top-12 (RB7-12) come from winning teams. That is a big difference compared to the other three categories. This means we can only expect about 3-4 of the backs ranked 7-12 to come from winning teams.
Now here are the results for running backs from playoff teams:
The graph is read the same as the previous one. From this graph, we can see that less than half of the running backs in the top-12 come from playoff teams. That means at least 3 of the 8 backs on winning teams will fail to make the playoffs. We also see that the distribution is roughly the same as above, with the elite and top-half percentages significantly higher than the bottom half percentage.
The bottom half percentage shows that only 2 of the bottom 6 backs will be on playoff teams. This overall distribution shows that running back play fantasy-wise is not very proportional to NFL success by making the playoffs.
Interpretation
Similar to QBs, being on a winning team in the NFL does not guarantee you a top-12 fantasy finish, but it does elevate your ceiling. We see this from the first graph, where 8 of the 12 RB1's come from winning teams. When you break it down farther, we see that the majority of RB1's from losing teams finish in the bottom half of the top-12, minus a few elite cases. While there are 12 cases of an RB from a sub-.500 team finishing in the top-3, every back was an elite rusher in their time and nearly all are Hall of Famers. Maurice Jones-Drew actually did it three times.
The fact remains that a back on a sub-.500 team has a lower fantasy ceiling than backs on above-.500 teams. This makes sense if we remember our basic football knowledge that teams run less when they are losing. The interesting thing, however, is that the closer a team is to .500, even if they are above, their running back still has a lower ceiling than a playoff team's running back. This is shown in the second graph, where only 2 of the expected 5 backs in the top-12 from playoff teams finish in the bottom half. These are the backs who are talented enough to see a high volume of touches, but are not relied upon heavily in their offense like the elite workhorses at the top. The back half of the top-12 is also where we see the one-and-done backs who have one breakout year then return to nothingness. Some PPR backs also break into the bottom half of the top-12.
Conclusion
Overall, the running back position shakes up similar to the quarterback position. We can expect about 8 of the top-12 backs to finish on winning teams, with a higher density of those backs at the top half than bottom half. Like quarterbacks, it is not a requirement for a running back to be on a winning team to finish inside the top-12, but it certainly helps. According to the results, we can expect 4-5 of the top 6 backs to finish on a winning team. These are the elite rushers who are not just contributors, but elite weapons in their offenses. These backs are leaned on week-in and week-out to produce consistently to help their teams win. The top of the running back food chain is held by the elite 3-down bell-cows. Think David Johnson, Le'Veon Bell, Ezekiel Elliott, and Devonta Freeman.
The results tell a different story when you reach the bottom of the top-12. As mentioned above, the expected number of backs from winning teams drops after the top-6 from nearly five to 3 or 4. This shows us that backs on sub-.500 teams are capped due to either lesser volume or lesser efficiency. These backs might be a lone bright spot on a team that is struggling around them but find a way to manage given their talent. The bottom of the food chain is occupied by talented backs in bad situations. Think Jordan Howard, Todd Gurley, and Isaiah Crowell.
Looking at backs on winning teams is fine and dandy, but looking at backs on playoff teams really parses the top-12. We see that the majority of backs on playoff teams in the NFL finish inside the top-6 in fantasy. This can show us the backs who are on middling teams that just didn't have enough to get into the tournament. These backs are in good situations, but they have better fantasy success than NFL success. The middle of the food chain contains sad real-life players, but leave fantasy owners smiling. Think LeSean McCoy, Melvin Gordon, and Jay Ajayi.
Be sure to keep an eye out for the next article in this series on wide receivers and then tight ends. If you missed the first article on quarterbacks, be sure to catch up before the next article drops. Stay tuned!
Good Weapon Alternatives
Primary
Secondary
Melee
So there are unlockable weapons in this game that are good here are some:Direct Hit: the Best melee weapon in the game (original joke I know) it can one shot scouts due to a max damage ramp of 140, base 112 and falloff max of 59 and has a projectile speed of 1980 HU/s making it really fast, it also has a 70% lower blast radius so have fun with that.Black Box: This weapon is a crutch, it has the same damage and speed of stock (regular rocket launcher) but has 1 less rocket and can heal you for betwenn 1-20 hp per shot that hits a target so say goodbye to health packs and hello to spamming choke points.Cow Mangler: It's pretty good, infinite ammo so no ammo packs needed and fires a charged shot from alt-fire that does even more damage (minicrits for 122-151 DMG) and disables buildings. downside is it can't be crit boosted and no random crits, also it does 20% damage to buildings so have fun on dustbowl with this weapon.Beggars Bazooka: It's decent enough as a weapon, it can load 3 shots but you have to load them manually and can't hold them, they just blow up in your face and send you flying (cool rocket jump trick at parties though, or so I've been told...) instead you have to let them all fly out at immense speed in random directions to hit a stray invisible Spy causing them to uninstall TF2 and go back to Minecraft Fidget Spinner mods (See? I can be relevant).Air Strike: (insert ISIS them tune here) this has a 15% damage penalty and a 10% explosion radius reduction but has a 20% blast damage increase and, while in mid air, has an increased attack speed and you get an extra rocket in your clip for every kill you get (maxes out at 10) pretty good for an airhead (I'll see myself out)Buff Banner: Easy weapon to use really, do 600 damage to enemies and unleash mini crits by tooting your horn for about 10 seconds.Battalians Backup: Another banner, same amount of damage to build up but instead it gives you 20% damge reduction from all sources and 30% from sentries (doesn't stack) it also gives you 20hp as a passive bonus (also affects overheal).Concheror: Another banner, I'm noticing a pattern here, this time it only needs 480 damage but this time it gives you a movement speed boost and health on kill like the black box (does stack) and gives a passive bonus of 1-4 health per second regeneration depending on crit heal value (increases with time spent out of battle).Gunboats: Ah my personal favourate, this reduces blast jumping damage by 60% (from 35 hp loss to 15 hp loss average) it's simple but God damn is it effectiveReserve Shooter: This weapon shouldn't exist for pyro but is decent for soldier, pop someone in the air and mini crit them to finish them off, better than airshotting if done against light classes.B.A.S.E Jumper: It's a parachute, that's all, it's good for market gardens (more on that later) and with the Air Strike, reduces the rate at which you fall and decreases movement in the air.Market Gardener: This is the best weapon invention since the pong line-thingy, while airborne hit someone and crit them instantly killing 7/9 classes. Downside is no random crits and you have a slower swing speed (that's hard to say) of 20% after the first swing, but if you fail your market garden like usual you'll just pull out the shotgun you gargantuate failure (don't worry I can't be sued for hate speech, I don't live in Canada, Kek).Equaliser: "when all is lost you can still swing an AIDS pickaxe for extra damage yo" -Gandhi. Downside is that you have reduced healing rates while active but that means medics can build Uber rates faster so maybe that is good.Escape Plan: RUN FORREST RUN! Also, watch out for the mini crits on this weapon.Disciplinary Action: (insert unfunny reference to 50 Shades of Grey and cucumbers) whip your teamates into shape with this new speed-increasing hand contraption with only a mere 20% damage penalty, only at Argos getitwhilestockslastcardsvarybypackbatteriesnotincludedeachsoldseparately.Frying Pan: This weapon is broken, it's exactly like stock but has 99999% hearing damage increase on headphone users, it's practically a straight upgrade, Valve needs to get their act together.
As reported last week, it was a chaotic night for WWE creative at last Monday's Raw with Vince McMahon demanding that the entire show be rewritten less than 90 minutes before the show went on air at around 6:40PM. The delay also meant parts of the show were being written as it was actually going on.
Given last Monday's happenings, recently released WWE writer Kevin Marshall called into Wrestling Observer Live yesterday to give some perspective on how the writing process is currently working in the company. They indicated that McMahon's decision to rewrite last Monday's Raw at the last minute was indicative of how they are micromanaging the WWE product to death:
“Basically everything is micromanaged to death and I know there is a lot of talk of ‘they' over there when we talk about the writing process for the show. It is no secret that the buck stops with Vince, but when I was there, and I guess that this started sometime before even I started there back last October, they were micromanaging everything to death. Basically you're sitting there trying to write for them and you're trying to figure out what they want. The job became very quickly trying to figure out what Vince is thinking and then having them tell you he's changed their mind. So when we talk about the show being rewritten as it's happening, what I need people to know is that that show was likely written well in advance and there was an attempt at it, but either nothing was approved or everything got scrapped and rewritten by the man himself.”
The common gripe among WWE writers seems to be that they are writing for one man, Vince McMahon, not the wider WWE universe. Given Triple H's recent comments that McMahon will never retire, it looks like they won't be handing over creative control anytime soon either.
The uncertainty seems to be one of the biggest issues creative personnel are handling with Marshall calling Vince McMahon's reaction to finalized scripts “a crapshoot” with on-the-spot overhauls being ordered on some days and other times where production meetings run smoothly and are over with in 30 minutes to an hour.
Another part of the problem Marshall alludes to is that the creative team has become detached so there are now two subdivisions which regularly step on each others toes; one full time that works at WWE HQ in Stamford, Connecticut coming up with ideas and writing scripts, and the other that attends all television tapings with Vince to assist in producing and directing pre-taped segments for these shows, as well as contributing to the all brainstorming and scripting.
All-in-all, Marshall states there is widespread recognition in the company that the creative division needs wholesale changes and streamlining, but whenever anyone tries to initiate change to make the process more efficient they eventually run into a roadblock which halts the entire thing.
Marshall also made an impassioned plea on behalf of WWE writers when asked about what are the biggest misconceptions from fans about the WWE creative team:
“Well, I think the biggest misconception is that we sit around and we decide who gets pushed and who doesn't, that we sit there and lay out what the tent poles are going to be for the year, like ‘hey, John Cena should win the title, blah blah blah'. We don't make those decisions, we don't make those calls on finishes, we don't sit there and hold talent back. I think that's the biggest misconception is the idea that we just sit around and we bury talent and we try to come up with ideas to make everybody look stupid. That's certainly not the case! Just speaking from a writer's perspective, I never met anybody who was in the business of trying to make somebody else look bad. I think it's very easy when you watch our product, and I think just when you watch professional wrestling in general, to get the impression that wow, they're really going out of their way to make this guy look stupid. It's really just a combination of things: 1) There's a lot of politics that goes on behind the scenes that the creative team is not in control of; [and] 2) There are certain guys that probably are their own worst enemy, as we all are, myself included. It's a lot, lot harder than it looks, especially when you have a limited roster, which when you thumb through it on WWE.com that roster looks huge, [but] when you lay it down on a piece of paper and you have to fill like sixteen segments for Monday and then twelve for Tuesday, which is Smackdown, and then you have Main Event and Superstars and everything, it's really, really hard.”
Really, the take home message from Marshall's insight was that Vince McMahon and their powerful inner circle are the ones to blame if you don't like the creative direction WWE is taking, not the writing team which do their bidding and fulfill their vision.
What are your thoughts? We'd love to hear from you in our Comments section below…
Your first name
Donald Trump sparked a Twitter storm Friday night and into Saturday with the hashtag #WheresHillary when they said they were “sleeping.”
After #WheresHillary trended number one, on Saturday #WheresTrump trended number one as well. (RELATED: Trump Visits Flooding In Louisiana, Clinton Says State Needs ‘No Distractions' [VIDEO])
On Friday, Trump toured the flooding in Louisiana before heading to Michigan for a campaign event while Clinton dined in Martha's Vineyard with Bill Clinton for their 70th birthday.
Hillary and Bill Clinton are having dinner on Martha's Vineyard to celebrate their 70th birthday, per an aide. https://t.co/Ip8xAqNWDJ — Monica Alba (@albamonica) August 20, 2016
Here are some of the best zingers from the two number one trends:
Actually helping people in need, something the democrats forgot how to do #WheresTrump — Ben Pence (@PizzaPartyBen) August 20, 2016
Saudi government regularly executes gays under Sharia law. This is your LGBT champion bowing to them#WheresHillary pic.twitter.com/HfERVJzTmL — Watch Clinton Cash (@JaredWyand) August 20, 2016
Louisiana flooding;
#WheresHillary ? Boozing With Obama at Martha's Vineyard Celebrating Them Rapist Husbands Birthday ‼️ pic.twitter.com/8rTCNkKkX2 — Leah #ClintonCash (@LeahR77) August 20, 2016
Follow Steve on Twitter and Facebook
Shore's contract will have an Annual Average Value (AAV) of $925,000.
The LA Kings have signed forward Nick Shore to a one-year contract extension, Kings Vice President and General Manager Rob Blake announced today.
The 24-year-old Shore (born Sept. 26, 1992) is a 6-1, 201-pound native of Denver, Colo. who appeared in a career-high 70 regular-season games this past season with the Kings, recording a career-high in goals (6), assists (11) and points (17). They also tallied their first career short-handed goal, Jan. 9 vs. Dallas and registered their second career game-winning goal on Dec. 22 vs. Nashville.
Video: DAL@LAK: Shore nets SHG on shot through screen
A third-round (82nd overall) selection of the Kings in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, Shore will be entering their fourth NHL season in 2017-18.
They have appeared in 172 regular-season games posting 34 points (10-24=34) and 62 penalty minutes in their NHL career.
Video: LAK@EDM: Shore snaps one top shelf to level the score
LA Kings Season Ticket Memberships for the 2017-18 season are on sale now, and deposits are also being accepted for Groups of 15 or more and Private Event Suite rentals.
Individual ticket sales information for the 2017-18 season will be released at a later date.
Sign up now for more information about the 2017-18 season.
Note: WNBA.com's Power Rankings, released every Tuesday during the season, are the opinion of this writer and do not reflect the views of the WNBA or its clubs.
One point and 3.1 seconds. That is all that separated the Los Angeles Sparks and Minnesota Lynx in last year's epic WNBA Finals.
It's been nearly seven months since Nneka Ogwumike hit the game-winning and championship-clinching putback over the outstretched arm of Sylvia Fowles. Even after an offseason filled with player movement, coaching changes and one particular blockbuster trade, there is still very little that separates the two teams as the 2017 season approaches.
The preseason power rankings begin with the last two teams standing from last season, with the defending champion Sparks holding the ever-so-slight edge over the Lynx.
Click here to view this week's AP Power Poll
1. Los Angeles Sparks
Last Season: 26-8; Won WNBA Finals
The defending champs return much of their roster from last season with the notable exception of point guard Kristi Toliver, who joined Washington as a free agent. To help fill the void left by Toliver, the Sparks acquired Odyssey Sims from Dallas and get Riquna Williams back from injury. L.A. still has defensive standout Alana Beard on the perimeter and the MVP duo of Candace Parker and Nneka Ogwumike on the frontline. After winning their first title in 14 years last October, the Sparks will look to be the first WNBA team to repeat since the Lisa Leslie era Sparks did back in 2002.
2. Minnesota Lynx
Last Season: 28-6; Lost WNBA Finals
Since the 2011 season, the Lynx have played in five of six WNBA Finals and won three championships. They have been the gold standard for the WNBA over that period of time – a championship threat every time they step on the court. A team like that doesn't need any added motivation, but the heartbreaking fashion in which they fell short of title No. 4 last October should give the Lynx more fuel to add to their ever-burning fire. Minnesota brings back its entire core from last year – a team that finished with a league-best 28-6 record and featured the top offense (107.2 OffRtg) and top defense (96.4 DefRtg) in the WNBA. An added benefit for the Lynx is that most of their core group opted not to play overseas during the offseason, giving them added time to recover and prepare for the 2017 WNBA season. While many teams are still waiting for key players to return to the U.S., the Lynx have had nearly their full complement of players (Rebekkah Brunson and Natasha Howard still had commitments at the start of training camp) available.
3. Washington Mystics
Last Season: 13-21; Missed Playoffs
The biggest headline of the WNBA offseason was the January trade of Elena Delle Donne from the Chicago Sky to the Washington Mystics. In addition to adding the 2015 WNBA MVP in their prime, the Mystics also signed Kristi Toliver as a free agent, giving them a veteran guard with championship experience to lead Mike Thibault's system. Those additions have turned a team that finished with the third-worst record (13-21) in the league last season into contenders to challenge the New York Liberty in the Eastern Conference. While it will take time for these new additions to jell with Washington's returning players, the ceiling for this team is extremely high.
4. New York Liberty
Last Season: 21-13; Lost in 2nd Round
New York has been the best team in the Eastern Conference the last two years, but has not been able to translate that regular season success into a deep playoff run. Tina Charles was unbelievable last season, becoming the third player in WNBA history to lead the league in both scoring (21.5 ppg) and rebounding (9.9 rpg) in the same season. However, the Liberty need more offense to surround their MVP caliber center. Last season, Sugar Rodgers was the only other Liberty player to average double figures in scoring (14.5) as New York had the second-worst offensive rating in the league (100.3). Acquiring Bria Hartley and getting Epiphanny Prince back for a full season will definitely help, but will it be enough? Armed with an outstanding defense (third-best 99.5 DefRtg), the Liberty don't have to become a league-leading offense, but getting to league average would give them much better balance.
5. Seattle Storm
Last Season: 16-18; Lost in 1st Round
On their way to winning Rookie of the Year honors, Breanna Stewart finished sixth in the WNBA in scoring (18.3 ppg), second in rebounds (9.3) and third in blocks (1.88). What will they do for an encore in 2017? Behind Stewart's outstanding debut, a strong sophomore season from Jewell Loyd and a resurgent season from veteran point guard Sue Bird, the Storm returned to the playoffs after a two-year absence last season. The Storm hit their stride down the stretch of last season – going 7-3 after the Olympic break – and should build on that momentum this season. Two questions to keep in mind: how soon will Bird return from knee surgery and how will newly acquire center Carolyn Swords fit into the mix?
6. Phoenix Mercury
Last Season: 16-18; Lost in Semifinals
As evidence of how up and down the 2016 season was for Phoenix, the team was pegged by the league's GMs as title favorites in the preseason, snuck into the final playoff spot in the closing week of the regular season, then went on to win a pair of single-elimination playoff rounds on the road to make the semifinals before being swept by Minnesota. Since then, much has changed in the desert with Penny Taylor retiring, Candice Dupree traded and DeWanna Bonner pregnant. That leaves Diana Taurasi and Brittney Griner as the core players for Phoenix and a lot of new pieces to fit in around them. That new group includes three-time All-Star point guard Danielle Robinson, who comes over from San Antonio after missing all of last season due to injury, as well as veteran forward Camille Little to replace Dupree.
7. Indiana Fever
Last Season: 17-17; Lost in 1st Round
This is the first season of the Indiana Fever, A.C. … After Catchings. The legendary forward had been a stalwart for the Fever for 15 seasons before retiring at the end of the 2016 season. In addition to losing their veteran leader on the court, the Fever also have a new head coach in Pokey Chatman, who joins the Fever after a six-year run with the Chicago Sky. Can the Fever extend their record playoff streak for a 13th season without Catchings and under new leadership? While Briann January and Erlana Larkins are the only holdovers from Indiana's 2012 championship team, the Fever have plenty of veterans to lean on, including newly acquired forward Candice Dupree. They also have promising young talent to develop, led by last year's All-Rookie selection Tiffany Mitchell and 2017 top draft pick Erica McCall.
8. Dallas Wings
Last Season: 11-23; Missed Playoffs
The Wings enter their second season in Dallas looking to rebound from last year's 11-23 debut. While the 2016 season showed some signs of promise, it was overshadowed by an 11-game losing streak that doomed any playoff hopes and sent the Wings to the draft lottery. Dallas had three of the top 10 picks in the draft – acquiring one pick in exchange for leading scorer Odyssey Sims – and selected Evelyn Akhator, Allisha Gray and Kaela Davis to add to their young core led by Skylar Diggins-Smith, Aerial Powers and Glory Johnson. The Wings have a lot of talent on this team, but will need to come together quickly to make a playoff push.
9. Atlanta Dream
Last Season: 17-17; Lost in 2nd Round
The Dream enter the 2017 season without six-time All-WNBA selection Angel McCoughtry, who will sit out the season to rest after eight years of non-stop basketball. McCoughtry is one of the top two-way players in the league; they finished 2016 ranked fourth in the league in both scoring (19.5 ppg) and steals (1.6 spg) while earning their seventh All-Defensive First Team selection. Head coach Michael Cooper has the challenge of finding the right lineups to help replace that production on a nightly basis. It starts with the core of Tiffany Hayes (15.4 ppg), Layshia Clarendon (10.4) and last year's Most Improved Player Elizabeth Williams (11.9 ppg, 8.1 rpg). But which other players will step up to continue to pick up the slack and provide the depth needed to return to the playoffs?
10. Chicago Sky
Last Season: 18-16, Lost in Semifinals
How do you replace Elena Delle Donne? That's the question the Sky will try to answer this season. And they will do so with a rookie head coach – Amber Stocks, who comes to Chicago after being part of Brian Agler's championship staff in L.A. last season. In return for Delle Donne, the Sky received center Stefanie Dolson and wing Kahleah Copper, who should be able to help the squad immediately. They also acquired the No. 2 pick in this year's draft, which they used to select center Alaina Coates, who will miss part of the WNBA season after an ankle injury that cut their senior season at South Carolina short required surgery. Much of the load of replacing Delle Donne will fall on the veteran core of Cappie Pondexter, Courtney Vandersloot, Allie Quigley and Tamera Young – a group that helped the Sky win a pair of playoff games while Delle Donne was sidelined with a thumb injury last season. The development of second-year center Imani Boyette will also be key for the Sky. Boyette finished seventh in the league in blocks (1.35 bpg) while playing under 19 minutes per game as a rookie.
11. Connecticut Sun
Last Season: 14-20; Missed Playoffs
Chiney Ogwumike won Rookie of the Year honors and was named an All-Star in 2014, missed the 2015 season after microfracture knee surgery, returned in 2016 to average 12.6 points and 6.7 rebounds, but will be out again for 2017 after suffering a torn Achilles' while playing overseas. Losing a franchise player for the second time in three years will once again be difficult to overcome as the Sun try to make it back to the postseason for the first time since 2012. The team is stocked with young talent – last year's trio of first round picks Morgan Tuck, Rachel Banham and Jonquel Jones as well as this year's selection Brionna Jones – for coach Curt Miller to develop. For the Sun to challenge for a playoff berth, one of those young players needs a breakout season to complement veterans Alex Bentley (12.9 ppg), Jasmine Thomas (11.7 ppg, 5.1 rpg) and newly acquired Lynetta Kizer (9.6 ppg and 3.2 rpg in just 17.2 mpg last year in Indiana).
12. San Antonio Stars
Last Season: 7-27; Missed Playoffs
The Stars won just 15 games over the past two seasons combined, but in return have a talented group of young players to build upon. In the backcourt, the Stars have a trio of top three picks from the past four WNBA Drafts – Kelsey Plum (No. 1, 2017), Moriah Jefferson (No. 2, 2016) and Kayla McBride (No. 3, 2014). Jefferson's promising rookie campaign led to the trade of Danielle Robinson, which landed the Stars the No. 5 pick in the draft, which they used on Nia Coffey, a versatile forward to develop. That development will come under new head coach Vickie Johnson, a former Stars player that served as an assistant under former coach Dan Hughes for the past six seasons. How quickly the Stars' young talent develops along with Johnson's transition from an assistant to the lead voice of the team will help determine San Antonio's future.
ASSOCIATED PRESS POWER POLL
1. Los Angeles
2. Minnesota
3. New York
4. Washington
5. Seattle
6. Phoenix
7. Indiana
8. Atlanta
9. Dallas
10. Chicago
11. Connecticut
12. San Antonio
Click here to view the full rankings on AP.org
Authorised Facebook Scrabble was launched in North America last week
Hasbro, which owns the rights to Scrabble in North America, is suing the Calcutta-based founders of Scrabulous - a game available on Facebook.
Last week, an official version of Scrabble was released for Facebook users in Canada and the US.
Hasbro said that Scrabulous violates its copyright and trademarks and has separately asked Facebook to block it.
The suit was filed in the Southern District of New York against the brothers Rajat and Jayant Agarwalla.
Scrabulous has been one of the most popular activities on Facebook.
The social networking site has so far declined to take down the application, which could mean it too is vulnerable to copyright action.
"Over the past year, Facebook has tried to use its status as neutral platform provider to help the parties come to an amicable agreement," the company said in a statement.
"We're disappointed that Hasbro has sought to draw us into their dispute."
Rights to Scrabble outside the US are owned by Mattel, which is not involved in the legal action.
Mattel is planning its own Facebook Scrabble game.
A Perth Liquorland employee has told of their shock of seeing usually "unwanted" Pacific Radler beers fly off the shelves on Tuesday afternoon - as Facebook users cashed in on an advertising offer for free drinks.
According to the western suburbs Liquorland worker, scores of Perth drinkers rushed to outlets to grab six-packs after seeing the offer on the Perth Beer Economy Facebook page.
The offer of free beer seemed to have unintended consequences.
The offer apparently originated in an advertisement sent to Perth users of the Weatherzone app and encouraged users to screenshot a barcode and take to their local Liquorland store to claim freebies of the beer, which is two per cent alcohol.
But the promotion took an unexpected turn when a user of the PBE Facebook page elected to share the screenshot with the other 69,000 members of the grog-loving group.
The most recent version of Chrome Dev, and probably other versions of the official Google browser as well, have received updates recently that introduce options to switch the interface to Material Design.
The feature is experimental at the time of writing, but it seems likely that Google will make the design the official one for Chrome in the future by switching to it permanently.
If you want to know more about material design, I suggest you check out Google's introduction to it. The company states:
We challenged ourselves to create a visual language for our users that synthesizes the classic principles of good design with the innovation and possibility of technology and science.
Material Design Interface in Chrome
As mentioned earlier, the new designs are not enabled by default. Google added several experimental flags to Chrome's flags page that need to be activated before the new interface design becomes available.
There are five experimental flags that you can enable independently. They enable Material Design for the Chrome header (tabs and address bar area), and the pages History, Extensions, Downloads, and Policy Page.
Here is what needs to be done:
oad chrome://flags/#secondary-ui-md and switch it to enable. Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-bookmarks to change the design of the bookmarks to Material Design. Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-history in Chrome's address bar and enable the option with a click on the link underneath it (If enabled, the chrome://history/ URL loads the Material Design history page). Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-settings and set it to enabled to turn on material design for Chrome's settings page. Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-extensions in Chrome's address bar and hit enable to activate it (If enabled, the chrome://extensions/ URL loads the Material Design extensions page). Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-policy-page in the address bar and click on enabled to activate the feature (If enabled, the chrome://md-policy URL loads the Material Design policy page). Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-feedback and set it to enable. Load chrome://flags/#enable-md-downloads in Chrome's address bar and select enabled from the pulldown menu (If enabled, the chrome://downloads/ URL loads the Material Design downloads page). Load chrome://flags/#top-chrome-md in the address bar of the Chrome browser and select Material from the pulldown menu (Sets the material design elements in the browser's top chrome). Load chrome://flags/#enable-material-design-user-manager and set it to enabled, to enable material design for the user manager. Load chrome://flags/#show-material-design-user-menu and set it to enabled to turn on material design for the user menu. Click "relaunch the browser" to restart Chrome and apply the changes.
You can undo the change at any time by resetting the values of the experimental flags. Usually, this involves clicking on the disabled link or selecting disabled from the menu.
Update: Please note that Google enabled material design for some browser elements already. You may use the experimental flags to disable the new design. It seems likely however that Google will remove those flags eventually from the browser.
Update 2: Google removed some of the options to switch back to the classic Chrome design. Material Design is now part of the browser and no longer experimental.
Summary Article Name Google launches experimental Material Design interface in Chrome Description Google launched five experimental flags in Chrome that switch the top toolbar and internal pages to Material Design when activated. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
WASHINGTON (AFP) - The United States National Security Agency (NSA) has used a unique, deades-old partnership with AT&T to snoop on Internet usage, according to newly disclosed documents leaked by Edward Snowden.
The documents provided by the former NSA contractor and reviewed by The New York Times and ProPublica described a "highly collaborative" telecom giant that demonstrated an "extreme willingness to help".
The Times said it was unclear whether the programmes are still operational in the same way today. The documents were dated from 2003 to 2013.
AT&T granted the NSA access to billions of emails that traveled through its domestic networks, and helped the spy agency wiretap all online communications at United Nations headquarters, the documents show.
AT&T has provided the Internet line to the world body's headquarters.
Company spokesperson Brad Burns insisted that "we do not provide information to any investigating authorities without a court order or other mandatory process other than if a person's life is in danger and time is of the essence".
"For example, in a kidnapping situation we could provide help tracking down called numbers to assist law enforcement," they told AFP.
In the documents, AT&T and other companies are not identified by name but rather codenamed.
One of the oldest programs, Fairview, was launched in 1985 and involves AT&T, the Times and ProPublica said, citing several former intelligence officials.
A Fairview fiber optic cable damaged during the 2011 Japan earthquake, for example, was repaired on the same date as an AT&T cable.
The programme spied on the UN headquarters Internet lines in response to an order by the special US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the documents show.
Washington has since told the UN it would not collect data on its communications.
Verizon and the former MCI - which Verizon purchased in 2006 - are part of another program, codenamed Stormbrew.
AT&T began providing to the NSA some 1.1 billion domestic cellphone calling records a day in 2011, after a "push to get this flow operational prior to the 10th anniversary of 9/11", the newly released documents showed.
That same year, the NSA spent US$188.9 million on Fairview, more than twice the amount on the next-largest corporate programme, Stormbrew.
Intelligence officials had initially said that the phone calls the NSA had collected were mostly from landline, not cellular, phone records, after Snowden first revealed the wiretapping programme.
So Gawker is honing in on the source of those rumors that claim New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio still smokes marijuana on a regular basis. As they told The Daily Caller yesterday, they have not smoked marijuana since their time at college at NYU. And according to Gawker, it's the police officers who protect the mayor's home that are spreading those rumors.
Writer J.K. Trotter said the fact that it's the police officers spreading the rumor “does not necessarily make them untrue, or unworthy of more reporting,” but said it is “obvious” that the NYPD just wants to “undermine and embarrass” de Blasio to distract from the department's “well-documented brutality.”
So, in light of all of this, de Blasio tweeted the following “Throwback Thursday” image on Twitter — from them in college, no less:
And one reporter doubted whether that “lamp” behind de Blasio could actually be … well, you know:
Are we 100% that this is a lamp? pic.twitter.com/0NEeW8ar1a — Colin Campbell (@BKcolin) January 8, 2015
[Featured image via Shutterstock]
— —
>>Follow Andrew Desiderio (@forza_desiderio) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The schedule for the 2015 Alive at Five concert series has been announced, and it's looking like a mighty fine season of free music down by the river.
There are a total of eight concerts slated to take place at Jennings Landing (formerly Riverfront Park) in Albany's Corning Preserve at 5pm on Thursdays from June 11 through August 6. The rain location for the concerts is the Corning Preserve Boat Launch, located under the I-787 overpass at Colonie & Water Streets.
Post continues below...
Advertisement
Here's the complete schedule for the City of Albany's 2015 Alive at Five free concert seasons:
THE BAD PLUS JOSHUA REDMAN
With the Chronicles
Thursday, June 11, 5pm
The eclectic post-modern piano trio is joined by the acclaimed saxman in support of their upcoming self-titled album, slated for release on May 26.
CHRISETTE MICHELE
With Bell's Roar
Thursday, June 18, 5pm
The acclaimed Grammy-winning soul/R&B singer – who has collaborated with hip-hop superstars like Jay-Z, Nas and the Roots – steps into the spotlight in support of their latest album, Better.
J RODDY WALSTON & THE BUSINESS
With Avers
Thursday, June 25, 5pm
Virginia-based southern rockers – who have shared stages with everyone from Eric Church to the Replacements – take the stage in support of their latest album Essential Tremors.
YONDER MOUNTAIN STRING BAND
With the Blind Owl Band
Thursday, July 9, 5pm
For more than a decade and a half, the Colorado-based band has been pushing the envelope of bluesgrass and new acoustic music. And now they've just upped the ante with the new addition of violinist Allie Kral and mandolin virtuoso Jacob Jolliff.
ATLAS GENIUS
With Rival Galaxies
Thursday, July 16, 5pm
Led by brothers Keith and Michael Jeffery (guitar/vocals and drums, respectively), the Australian alt-rockers roll into town in support of their upcoming sophomore album.
THE EDGAR WINTER BAND
With Charmboy
Thursday, July 23, 5pm
The multi-talented classic rocker rips it up as they roar through their deep songbag from “Frankenstein” to “Free Ride.”
RAELYNN
With Big Sky Country
Thursday, July 30, 5pm
Country music comes to the city with the alum of season two of NBC-TV's hit singing competition, “The Voice.”
BLUE OYSTER CULT
With Blotto
Thursday, August 6, 5pm
The thinking man's metal band teams up with Nippertown's own merry pranksters of pop for a reunion of the infamous Blot & Blue Tour of 1983 and their joint Alive at Five concert of 1996.
ALSO READ:
Troy's Rockin' On the River Concert Schedule Announced
This color image was acquired by NASA's Phoenix Mars Lander's Surface Stereo Imager on the 20th day of the mission, or Sol 19 (June 13, 2008), after the May 25, 2008, landing. This image shows one trench informally called "Dodo-Goldilocks" after two digs. White material, possibly ice, is located only at the upper portion of the trench. Image
The shrinking ice cap around Earth's North Pole may behedging in on Santa's territory, but there are plenty of other frigidterritories in the solar system where they could set up shop. Here we tour ofsome of the most shiver-inducing spots in the solar system, where you might be assureda white Christmas.
Mars
If Santa is looking for another snowy spot for their workshop,the northern polar regions of Mars offers an out-of-this-world option. Lastyear, NASA's Phoenix Mars lander observedsnow falling in Mars' northern Vastitas Borealis region, where it landed onMay 25, 2008 to dig below the surface in search of water ice. Trenches dug bythe lander's robotic arm did indeed expose subsurface ice, shedding more lighton the history of water on the red planet. In addition to the slight snowfalls,Phoenix observed frost forming on the Martian surface around it as winter beganto set in in the northern hemisphere – the lander is thought to have beencovered in ice and frost since NASA lost contact with it in November 2008.
Titan
Lakes of liquid methane and ethane are thought to dot thelandscape of this Saturnian moon, in an environment more frigid thanAntarctica. But despite its overall colder state, the wind, rains and tectonicprocesses on Titan make it one of the closestEarth analogs in the solar system, scientists say. While the satellite'saverage surface temperature of minus 292 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 180 Celsius)keeps water frozen solid, liquid methane and ethane exist and could provide ahaven for life.
Enceladus
Instead of precipitation raining down on its surface,Saturn's chilly moon Enceladus has geysers of gaseous water that erupt on itssurface – a process called cryovolcanism. There is strongdebate over the exact composition of the planet and the plumes that spewfrom its surface. Some argue that the moon features any icy surface layer overa region of flowing water, while others argue that it is a frigid body of solidice and rock.
Europa
Jupiter's moon Europa is also an icy world, thought tofeature a surface veneer of water ice (at a temperature of almost minus 300degrees Fahrenheit, or minus 184 Celsius) with a possible liquid water oceanunderneath. The icy surface could be good for winter skating, as it is one ofthe smoothest in the solar system, marked by some cracks and streaks, but withrelatively few craters. But despite the icy crust and frigid surfacetemperatures, some scientists think that heat from the moon's inner dynamo andthe tidal pull of Jupiter could keep the ocean warm enough to support life.
Comets
If the sleigh doesn't cut it, Santa could always hitch a rideto a comet. These solar system bodies may not seem cold as they periodicallyblaze across the night sky, but they are actually collections of dust, waterice, and bits of rock. These “dirty snowballs,” as they are sometimes called,come from the outermost reaches of the solar system – the Kuiper Belt and theOort Cloud. They develop their telltale tail when their orbit brings them closeto the sun and the volatile materials in them are vaporized by solar radiation– but in the outer solar system, they remain frozen chunks of material leftfrom the formation of the solar system.
Uranus
The seventh planet from the sun and one of the solarsystem's four gas giants, Uranus is sometimes put into a category called the“ice giants,” along with neighboring Neptune. Uranus' atmosphere – made up ofhydrogen, helium, and water, ammonia and methane ices – is the coldest of anyplanet in the solar system, with the lowest temperature of minus 371 degreesFahrenheit (minus 224 degrees Celsius).
Pluto
Earlier this year, scientists determined that Pluto's atmosphereis warmer than previously thought, warm being a relative term. The air overthe dwarf planet's surface is still a frigid -292 degrees Fahrenheit (-180degrees Celsius), while its face is -364 degrees Fahrenheit (-220 degreesCelsius). Since its demotion from planet status in 2006, Pluto has been groupedin with a class of bodies known as Kuiper Belt objects that extend out to adistance of 100 times that from the sun to the Earth.
Space itself
While all the worlds above are much chillier than any placeon Earth, one of the coldest spots in space is space itself. The cosmicmicrowave background radiation that permeates the universe (and is the remnantenergy of the theoretical Big Bang) has a temperature of 2.725 degrees Kelvin –that's minus 455 degrees Fahrenheit, or minus 270 degrees Celsius. Might wantto install a heater on that sleigh…
Planck spacecraft
The chilliest known spot in space isn't an icy comet, oreven space itself, but is something human-made: the European Space Agency's Planckspacecraft. On its way to its final orbiting point – where it will observethe remnant radiation of the theoretical Big Bang – the telescope cooled downto its operating temperature of minus 459.49 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 273.05Celsius). This temperature is just 0.1 Celsius above absolute zero, the coldesttemperature theoretically possible in our universe.
Moon's polar craters
Paradoxically, the coldest (natural) place known in thesolar system isn't some distant object orbiting in the icy Kuiper belt, butinstead lies much closer to the sun. In September, NASA's new LunarReconnaissance Orbiter took the temperature of the permanently shadowed cratersat the moon's South Pole (where its companion LCROSS probe found waterice deposits after impacting one crater in October).? LRO's instrumentsfound that the craters plunged the mercury to less than minus 397 degrees Fahrenheit(minus 238 Celsius) – colder even than the surface of far away Pluto. Betterpack some extra sweaters, Santa!
The latest loan talk involving David Beckham has Chelsea and Real Madrid in the picture.
The Sunday Mirror reports the clubs are ready to sign the Galaxy midfielder, who said eight days ago that they were looking for a loan.
They also said it was unlikely they would go to any English club aside from Manchester United, but London's Chelsea -- one of Man U's primary challengers for the English Premier League title -- almost certainly would provide playing time, given its injury situation.
Real Madrid seems the more enticing possibility, if it really is a possibility. Beckham played four seasons for the Merengues, playing a key role in their 2007 La Liga title run before joining the Galaxy.
The Galaxy's position on a loan deal: Beckham is expected in camp when the team begins preseason training in late January.
The estimated cost of acquiring 2,457 Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning IIs has dropped by $12.1 billion, or 3%, compared to Pentagon estimates one year ago.
That's according to a US Government Accountability Office (GAO) report published this week, which says the total acquisition cost is now estimated at $379 billion, down from the $391 billion reported in last year's annual selected acquisition report (SAR).
The good news comes as the F-35 Joint Programme Office faces schedule pressure in completing initial operational test and evaluation of the “full warfighting capability” provided in Block 3F, with some estimates now pointing to mid-2018 “at the earliest”.
It also comes as Canada and Denmark consider whether to stick with their planned fighter acquisitions or withdraw from the multinational programme and selected alternative combat jets.
According to the GAO report, authored by Michael Sullivan, the US Defense Department plans to spend $12.7 billion per year on average through 2038 to complete its planned purchase of three variants for the US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. Just in the next decade, the annual tab for F-35-related expenses will be $14 billion.
When the Joint Strike Fighter contract was awarded to Lockheed in 2001, it was estimated that all jets would be in place by 2026.
US Air Force
The full SAR, which tallies acquisition cost estimates for every major US weapons programme, is slated for full release on 24 March. It is likely to help the Pentagon counterarguments by US lawmakers and JSF critics that the current planned F-35 buy is “unaffordable” and the planned numbers should be revised down.
The GAO notes that F-35 buyers are also about embark on a costly modernisation programme that will increase annual costs further. Known as Block 4, it adds new weapons and capabilities to the aircraft beyond what is provided in the baseline Block 3F configuration.
According to the congressional watchdog, the Pentagon plans to spend $3 billion over the next six years on the Block 4 programme, which Sullivan contends should be split off from the F-35 programme and be funded as a separate entity, or major weapons acquisition programme. That arrangement is already in place for the Lockheed F-22 Raptor, after its modernisation project experienced cost and schedule growth.
Planned funding for Block 4 rises 634% to $668 million between now and fiscal year 2021, according to GAO numbers. Approximately $91 million has been appropriated in fiscal 2016 to get the modernisation effort started.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
Polkamon Dub M02 ED 02 Artist "Weird Al" Yankovic Lyrics "Weird Al" Yankovic Composer "Weird Al" Yankovic
Polkamon is one of the ending themes for the English dub of The Power of One. It is featured on the film's soundtrack and is performed by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
Lyrics
Movie version
Krabby, Snubbull, Venonat,
Mankey, Chansey, and Zubat,
Slowking, Ditto, Butterfree,
Lugia, and Caterpie,
Oddish, Poliwag, Goldeen,
Elekid, and Nidoqueen,
Victreebel, and Magneton -
Everybody, Polkamon!
Geodude, and Arcanine,
Jigglypuff, and Mr. Mime.
Don't forget about Sandslash,
Exeggcute, and Rapidash,
Lickitung, and Porygon -
Everybody, Polkamon!
Everybody, Polkamon!
Everybody, Polkamon!
Full version
Krabby, Snubbull, Venonat,
Mankey, Chansey, and Zubat,
Slowking, Ditto, Butterfree,
Lugia, and Caterpie,
Oddish, Poliwag, Goldeen,
Elekid, and Nidoqueen,
Victreebel, and Magneton -
Everybody, Polkamon!
Aerodactyl, Seel, Machoke,
Marill, Moltres and Slowpoke,
Articuno, Ditto, Muk,
Flareon, and ol' Psyduck,
Cloyster, Kingler, Shellder, Gloom,
Snorlax, and of course Vileplume,
Zapdos, and Charmeleon -
Everybody, Polkamon!
It's time to Polka,
For Ponyta and Pidgey too.
Come on, put on your lederhosen,
And try not to step on little Pikachu.
You better grab yourself a partner,
Like Tentacruel or Bulbasaur. (Bulbasaur!)
Hold on a minute, there's still at least a hundred and twenty-seven more,
Including Ledyba and Omastar,
Jynx, Bellossom, and Magmar,
Geodude, and Arcanine,
Jigglypuff, and Mr. Mime.
Don't forget about Sandslash,
Exeggcute, and Rapidash,
Lickitung, and Porygon -
Everybody, Polkamon!
Everybody, Polkamon!
Everybody, Polkamon!
Trivia
Ditto is listed twice, probably a reference to its name and characteristics. Both times it is on the third line, as the second one named.
The song states that there are "at least 127 more" Pokémon. This is because the number 27 is a running gag within Weird Al's songs. [1] However, there are only 103 more Pokémon left if only Generation I is counted, and if all Generation II Pokémon are included then there are 196 remaining Pokémon.
However, there are only 103 more Pokémon left if only Generation I is counted, and if all Generation II Pokémon are included then there are 196 remaining Pokémon. When The Power of One is aired in syndication, this is the only ending theme.
References
College is outrageously expensive. Four years at an elite, private school like the University of Chicago (#4) or Stanford (#3) costs more than a quarter of a million dollars. A degree from a more affordable state school, like the College of William & Mary (#40) or the University of California, Berkeley (#50), still costs around $100,000, even for “in-state” students, who pay less in tuition.
Is it worth it? For many students, the answer is probably not –unless they are accomplished enough to be accepted by one of the schools ranked near the top of our annual list of America's 650 Top Colleges.
The rankings, which are compiled exclusively for Forbes by the Washington, D.C.-based Center for College Affordability and Productivity, focus on the things that matter the most to students: quality of teaching, great career prospects, high graduation rates and low-levels of debt. They do not attempt to assess a school's reputation, nor are they a measure of academic selectivity and we pointedly ignore any metrics that would encourage schools to engage in wasteful spending.
Click here for our full list of America's Top Colleges
Princeton University (#1) tops the list again, for the first time since 2008. Williams College (#2) slips into second place, after two consecutive years as top dog. Ivy League schools dominate the top ten, claiming three spots in addition to Princeton: Yale (#5), Harvard (#6) and Columbia (#8); Cornell (#51) was the only Ivy not to crack the elite top 50.
Rounding out the top ten are the University of Chicago (#4), a place where undergraduates say "fun comes to die," West Point (#7), whose cadets pay no tuition, although they must serve on active duty in the U.S. Army post-graduation, Pomona College (#9), one of the seven Claremont Colleges in Southern California and Swarthmore (#10). Excluding service academies, there are five public schools in the top 50, with the University of Virginia (#36) being the highest ranked.
The rankings are based on five general categories: post graduate success (32.5%), which evaluates alumni pay and prominence, student satisfaction (27.5%), which includes professor evaluations and first-year student to sophomore year retention rates, debt (17.5%), which penalizes schools for high student debt loads and default rates, four-year graduation rate (11.25%) and competitive awards (11.25%), which rewards schools whose students win prestigious scholarships and fellowships like the Rhodes, the Marshall and the Fulbright or go on to earn a Ph.D. The complete methodology is available here.
Credits:
Edited by Michael Noer and Zack O'Malley Greenburg
Forbes Research: Bethany E. Christie, Michael R. Garfinkel, Robert Mundy, Charlotte L. O'Herron and Noah Schifrin
Rankings by the Center for College Affordability and Productivity (CCAP)
Director Richard Vedder
CCAP Research: Daniel Borzelleca, AJ Cadamagnani, Harrison Cummins, Christopher Denhart, Matthew Denhart, Daniel Garrett, Michael Koslen, Jonathan Leirer, Joshua Leirer, Christopher Matgouranis, Jonathan Robe, Eric Rudel, Andrew Smyser, Katie Smyser, Hannah Urano and Cayla Van Gilder.
Click here for: The Grateful Grads Index : Top 100 Return-On-Investment Colleges
Click here to see Forbes/LinkedIn's ranking of the Most Entrepreneurial Colleges
Follow me on Twitter or subscribe to me on Facebook
I have watched a TV programme called ‘Fear Factor.' In the series there are contestants who have to confront their worst fears to see who bails out and who can fight the fear and get through.
People who are afraid of heights are made to Bungee-jump off a high bridge, and people who are scared of spiders or insects are made to get in a bath full of spiders.
In virtually all cases the contestants later say that the fearful experience was not actually as bad as they feared. So the fear of the fear was greater than the fear itself ‘when the chips were down.'
This is often the case in life, that the fear of some factor turns out to be worse than the experience itself. The human mind builds a very scary image in the imagination. The imagination then feeds the fear.
If the picture in the imagination is not very specific or clear it is worse, because the fear factor feeds on the unknown.
This is what has happened in the public mind concerning nuclear power over the last half century. Concepts concerning nuclear reactions and nuclear radiation are in themselves complicated and mysterious.
Over the last couple of decades physics advances in fields such as quantum mechanics, which is linked to nuclear processes has compounded matters for the public. The image of strong and mysterious forces and effects is now well entrenched. There are Hollywood movies and TV programmes about space travellers or alien invaders who use time travel and quantum forces, and then battle to evade the dangerous intergalactic nuclear zones.
A consequence of all this is that internationally the public is now really ‘spooked' when it comes to the topic of nuclear power. A real ‘fear factor' looms over the mere word ‘nuclear.' Newspapers love this, and really push imagery like; ‘nuclear leak' or ‘radiation exposure.'
To a nuclear physicist like me, I look upon such public reaction half with amusement and half with dismay. The amusement comes from the fact that so many people can be scared so easily by so little. It is like shouting: “Ghost in the bedroom,” and everyone runs and hides in the hills.
The dismay reaction is that there is a body of anti-nuclear activists who do not want the public to know the truth, and the anti-nukes enjoy stoking the fear factor and maintaining public ignorance.
Let us now ponder the Fukushima nuclear incident which has been in the news again lately.
Firstly let us get something clear. There was no Fukushima nuclear disaster. Total number of people killed by nuclear radiation at Fukushima was zero. Total injured by radiation was zero. Total private property damaged by radiation….zero. There was no nuclear disaster. What there was, was a major media feeding frenzy fuelled by the rather remote possibility that there may have been a major radiation leak.
At the time, there was media frenzy that “reactors at Fukushima may suffer a core meltdown.” Dire warnings were issued. Well the reactors did suffer a core meltdown. What happened? Nothing.
Certainly from the ‘disaster' perspective there was a financial disaster for the owners of the Fukushima plan t. The plant overheated, suffered a core meltdown, and is now out of commission for ever. A financial disaster, but no nuclear disaster.
Amazingly the thousands of people killed by the tsunami in the neighbouring areas who were in shops, offices, schools, at the airport, in the harbour and elsewhere are essentially ignored while there is this strange continuing phobia about warning people of ‘the dangers of Fukushima.' We need to ask the more general question: did anybody die because of Fukushima? Yes they did. Why? The Japanese govern ment introduced a forced evacuation of thousands of people living up to a couple of dozen kilometres from the power station. The stress of moving to collection areas induced heart attacks and other medical problems in many people. So people died because of Fukushima hysteria not because of Fukushima radiation.
Recently some water leaked out of the Fukushima plant. It contained a very small amount of radioactive dust. The news media quoted the radiation activity in the physics measure of miliSieverts. The public don't know what a Sievert or a milliSievert is. As it happens a milliSievert is a very small measure.
Doubling a very small amount is still inconsequential. It is like saying: “Yesterday there was a matchstick on the football field; today there are two matchsticks on the football field. Matchstick pollution has increased by a massive 100% in only 24 hours.”
The statement is mathematically correct but silly and misleading.
At Fukushima a couple of weeks ago, some mildly radioactive water leaked into the sea. The volume of water was about equal to a dozen home swimming pools. In the ocean this really is a ‘drop in the ocean.'
The radiation content was so little that people could swim in the ocean without the slightest cause for concern. Any ocean naturally contains some radioactivity all of the time anyway. There is natural radiation around us all of the time and has always been there since the birth of the earth.
Understandably the general public do not understand nuclear radiation so the strangest comments occur. On an internet blog some person stated that people on the north coast of Australia must be warned about the radiation in the sea coming from Fukushima. Good grief!
Meantime the Fukushima site now looks like an oil refinery. A lot of storage tanks have been built there to hold water that has been flushed through the damaged reactors to aid in cooling. Quite frankly, scientifically speaking, the best thing to do with the mildly radioactive waste water would be to intentionally pour it into the sea. The water which is currently in the new Fukushima storage tanks has already been filtered to remove radioactive Caesium.
All that is left is a bit of radioactive Tritium. Tritium is actually part of the water molecule anyway…so what we really have is…well, water in water. The Tritium atom is a hydrogen atom, which has two neutrons in its nucleus which is a normal but rare variation in the hydrogen atom. Most hydrogen atoms have only a single proton in the nucleus and no neutrons. A rare hydrogen variation is called Deuterium and such atoms have one proton plus one neutron. Even rarer than Deuterium is the Tritium form of hydrogen which has one proton plus two neutrons. These variants are known as isotopes. Water is H 2 O and water molecules in which the Tritium isotope of the hydrogen atom is found are molecules referred to as ‘Heavy Water.' It really is just water, so you can't filter it out of the normal ‘light water.'
The Tritium heavy water is very mildly radioactive and is found normally in the sea all over the world all of the time. This Tritium concentration in the one thousand storage tanks at Fukushima is higher than that found naturally in the sea, but is still so low as to pose no real danger at all.
No doubt the Japanese government is too scared to release this water into the sea because of the howl of criticism which would no doubt follow.
A further complication is that in the last couple of weeks the press has reported further spillage of water. These reports are such that it looks like a continuous failure of the Fukushima engineers to contain the situation.
The latest spillage was about 400 litres of water, which is about as much liquid as would fill four motor cars fuel tanks. Reportedly, one of the one thousand storage tanks was not totally horizontal when it was built so when it was filled to the top some water overflowed on one side.
As soon as the spillage occurred they fixed the problem. But the rules require the incident to be reported, even though the spillage was not of any biological consequence to anyone, or to any fauna or flora.
The Fukushima incident will continue to attract media attention for some time to come, I imagine. It has become such a good story to roll with that it will not just go away. However, in sober reflection and retrospection one has to come to the conclusion that far from being a nuclear disaster the Fukushima incident was actually a wonderful illustration of the safety of nuclear power.
The largest earthquake and consequent tsunami on record struck an ageing nuclear power plant which was built to a now obsolete boiling water reactor technology, and no nuclear damage resulted to people and property in the neighbourhood.
Poor management systems compounded matters and were implicated in the failure of the cooling circuit. The reactor cores suffered a meltdown. Due to the magnitude of the tsunami disaster there were no emergency services able to help, they were deployed elsewhere or paralysed because there were no roads or infrastructure available.
Hydrogen gas leaked out of a reactor, collected under the building's roof and then exploded, blowing the roof off in front of the world's TV cameras. Fukushima had devices called ‘recombiners' designed to prevent the hydrogen build-up but they were not working because they needed an external electricity supply.
Financially speaking and operationally speaking the reactors were wrecked, but nobody was killed or injured by any nuclear radiation.
Fukushima showed that a nuclear power plant can take the maximum punch of nature's brutality, and yet the surrounding population does not fry and die as so often dramatically predicted by the fear factor enthusiasts.
____________________________________
We belong to a growing minority of American patients who not only lack health insurance—we like lacking it, and we like the health care we buy, too.
So a man walks their wife up to the receptionist's desk at a surgery center to check them in for a minor invasive procedure. A smiling twenty-something woman in purple scrubs greets them. They chirp a handful of questions to make sure the wife's file is current. As they scroll down on their oversized computer monitor to verify the wife's insurance information, the couple waits for the penny to drop.
And there it is. “But … it says here you're self-pay,” the receptionist says, their smile gone.
“And we are,” the man says.
“But you need to pay $1,500.”
“And here is our credit card.”
The receptionist reaches for the embossed plastic rectangle the man is sliding across their desk. They hold the card in both hands, contemplating it before running it through their machine. They appear bewildered. Probably they do not realize they just earned their employers easy, and maybe extra, cash.
Receipt in hand, my wife and I walked off to surgery prep, pleased to have paid our provider for health care and not one dime to an insurance company. We belong to a growing minority of American patients who not only lack health insurance—we like lacking it, and we like the health care we buy, too.
The receptionist, however, belongs to the dwindling majority of American health-care professionals, patients, elected officials, and appointed bureaucrats who have been conditioned to conflate health care and health insurance.
Pay Your Way, Change the World
A world, and worldview, of difference separates the two. Many people and governments of the Ideally Insured worldview erroneously consider health insurance the sine qua non of health care—the payment method “without which not” a single red-blooded American can get so much as a blood test, except by incurring obscene expenses for himself, their provider, taxpayers, or all three.
Surely patients who go uninsured, according to this worldview, fall somewhere on the caste system below the Ideally Insured Patient (may they live forever, etc.). Lower rungs of this caste include the uber rich, the indigent, and lawless bandits who don't know or don't care President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law six years ago.
By contrast, self-pay patients of the Unconcernedly Uninsured worldview know the truth, and the truth is setting them and their health-care providers free. Although self-paying requires a modicum of cash flow and short-term savings, self-pay patients need not be rich. They can be and frequently are poor, or close to it, by federal poverty guidelines. The self-payers we know are aware enough of ACA's mandates to factor its penalties and exceptions into their cost-benefit analysis.
These self-payers' analysis weighs the cost of insurance premiums and deductibles—which have increased dramatically in dozens of states since ACA's implementation—against their unlikely prospect of maxing out their deductible in a given year. Whoever does not max out their deductible may as well be paying cash, because insurers won't be reimbursing him.
In fact, patients who don't max out their deductibles would do far better for themselves and their doctors by paying cash straight up. Providers typically charge 20 to 50 percent less when they can get paid immediately and without funneling payment through a third-party health insurer. That's not charity. That's savvy.
How to Scoop Up Your Own Gravy
Physicians and surgeons set their prices to cover all costs related to patient care, including the time and labor spent processing insurance claims to make sure insurers pay what patients do not. Sometimes insurers compensate these doctors months after service was rendered. Cutting out the middle-man insurer saves providers so much time and money that more are ditching the insurance model to run cash practices and offer patients direct-pay membership agreements.
Consider the $1,500 the happy couple (my wife and I) paid. This amount was the second of three prices the provider quoted us: $2,250 if billed through insurance, or $1,500 paid the day of service, or $550 paid the day of service plus $1,700 through an indefinite payment plan.
Our bet, in hindsight: The office recovered its costs and maybe a modest profit with the first $550 we paid—the bare minimum payment, presumably for a poor patient unlikely to pay the rest (hence the payment plan with no deadline). The next $950—which we also paid same-day—was gravy for the practice. Had we paid through insurance, the practice would have banked the gravy plus some of an additional $750 after administrative labor costs, possible claim disputes, and haggling. (I love a good fight.)
Looking back, and assuming we're right about the three quoted charges, our only regret despite getting a $750 discount is failing to claw back even more of that gravy, due to us being fairly green self-payers then. This would have fattened not only our own wallets, but the purse of the health-care sharing ministry (HCSM) that reimbursed us for $1,200 of the $1,500 we paid. Better yet, our HCSM financially incentivizes us to seek documented discounts, so we could have made bank.
That's not charity, either. That's just how self-pay patients do business.
Michael T. Hamilton is The Heartland Institute's research fellow for health care policy, author of the weekly Consumer Power Report, and managing editor of Health Care News, an online and print newspaper read by market-minded health care professionals, policy analysts, and 56 percent of lawmakers.
John Allen better be a mathematical genius. The three-star Marine general tapped to helm the Afghanistan war has one hell of a battlefield geometry problem on their hands. Not only does Allen have to hold U.S. gains in southern Afghanistan, he's got to tamp down the volatile east, all while losing 33,000 troops by next September. "I can't figure out how to do the math," says John Nagl, president of the influential Center for a New American Security.
Allen may have to have a preliminary answer by Tuesday morning. That's when they go before the Senate Armed Services Committee for a bout of questions on the end of the surge. While senators are sure to use Allen as a political football over the impending drawdown, the real question surrounding their impending command is what they can do to stop eastern Afghanistan's downward spiral.
Since 2009, President Obama's troop surges focused on the southern provinces of Helmand and Kandahar, leaving the east, on the border with Pakistan, with 7,000 fewer troops. The military thought that was just Phase One. Rep. Buck McKeon, the chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee, tells Danger Room they thought Phase Two was going to be a surge eastward, to take territory away from the Taliban and the Haqqani Network along the Pakistan border.
"If you only have limited forces, and we've really got the south under control, then it seems logical to release some forces to go into the north and east and do the same thing there," McKeon says.
But as Danger Room first reported, the Obama team nixed that idea, for fear of expanding a war it wants to wind down. "We don't anticipate replicating what we did in the south in the east," a senior administration official said last week. Instead, 10,000 troops will depart Afghanistan this year, before another 23,000 leave by September 2012.
That's a big problem. As Yochi Dreazen writes for National Journal, Afghanistan's "real story is not in the south; it's in the east." That's where Taliban and Haqqani Network fighters stream in from Pakistan, carrying money, weapons and supplies to combat U.S. troops and plans to besiege Kabul. All that makes the area's strategic importance "infinitely greater" than Helmand and Kandahar, writes Carnegie Endowment scholar Gilles Dorronsoro (.pdf). Whatever the merits of trying to take the Taliban's spiritual heartland away from it, insurgent attacks in the east rose 21 percent by March.
Insurgents are bolder in the east, too. Pressure from U.S. troops forced the Taliban in the south to rely on assassinations. In the east, according to Jeffrey Dressler of the Institute for the Study of War, Haqqani Network fighters use multiple suicide attacks, car bombs and "mass infantry tactics," swarming against U.S. bases and convoys. They get mowed down and "don't seem bothered," Dressler says, since they can replenish their numbers across the Pakistan border.
Allen's job will be to suppress those fighters without any big push into the east. He'll have armed drones at their disposal, lethal forces from the Joint Special Operations Command, and Afghan troops to make up the difference. Petraeus tried hard not to criticize the troop drawdown during a Senate hearing on Thursday. Longtime allies aren't as shy.
Retired Col. Peter Mansoor, a former executive officer to Petraeus, considers the "shortsighted" decision to mean the end of counterinsurgency in Afghanistan.
Nagl, another old confidante of Petraeus, has a subtler take. "We'll retain a counterinsurgency strategy in the south and southwest, but it'll be a counterterrorism strategy in the east," Nagl says. Whatever the bifurcations, declining to seize and hold territory from the insurgents on the Pakistan border means "we're accepting additional risk," unless Allen "is able to do some things with their forces that I can't see."
Just because Allen may not have many counterinsurgency options available to them doesn't mean there's nothing they can do. Testifying next to them tomorrow will be the former leader of the Joint Special Operations Command, Adm. William McRaven, who's tapped to be the next leader of all special operations forces. McRaven planned the successful raid to kill Osama bin Laden, which may look more and more like the template for confronting the insurgency in the east.
But that would still suggest that the final stage of the Afghanistan war will leave Kabul and Kandahar as islands of relative calm – with several volatile provinces in between. "If we don't do Logar, Wardak and Ghazni [Provinces], then what have we bought?" wonders Doug Ollivant, another Petraeus braintruster and former counterinsurgency adviser in eastern Afghanistan. "The two big things we've done aren't connected." Allen may as well start shuffling their Rubik's Cube for ideas on connecting them.
Photo: Flickr/ISAF
See Also:
On September 27, 2011, in over 300 cities, postal workers will rally their communities to save the US postal services. Letter carrier Michael Plaskon has written a short essay to help us to understand the effort to destroy this public service so that it can be privatized for profit.
What's the real story behind the postal crisis?
By Michael G. Plaskon, Executive Vice President, National Association of Letter Carriers, Branch 84, Pittsburgh, PA.
In every Congressional District across America, Postal Service unionists are organizing rallies to be held on Tuesday, September 27, 2011. The National Association of Letter Carriers is collaborating with the American Postal Workers Union, National Postal Mailhandlers Union, and the National Rural Letter Carriers Association to hold rallies at every elected representative's office to make the point that only Congress can fix the financial difficulties facing the United States Postal Service (USPS). Congress passed a law in 2006 placing the postal service in its current fiscal situation, and it is only Congress that can solve the problem by enacting H. R. 1351.
Neither workers nor our unions caused this crisis.
In 2006, Congress passed the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act. This law requires the Postal Service to do something that no other business or government agency has to do–pre-fund its FUTURE retiree health care benefits. This is a 75 year liability that has to be paid in 10 years. The Postal Service makes a payment of approximately $5.5 billion on September 30 at the end of every fiscal year to meet this obligation. The Post Office has been paying these benefits the past four years into a trust fund for employees who have not even been born yet. This is the burden that is creating the “financial crisis” for the Post Office. The recession that has gripped America the past few years has undoubtedly affected the Postal Service, but even in the worst economic times since the great depression, the USPS has had a net profit of $611 million dollars. Unfortunately, the red ink associated with the post office is the mandated pre-funding since 2006.
We can solve the problem without eliminating jobs and services.
This onerous payment is barely being reported in the media. Another fact not being widely circulated is that independent agencies and the government itself have concluded that the USPS has overpaid into its two retirement systems. The Post Office has excessively funded the Civil Service Retirement System by at least $50 billion dollars, and the Federal Employees Retirement System around $7 billion dollars. This gives Congress an opportunity to fix the problem by passing H.R 1351, the United States Postal Service Pension Obligation Recalculation and Restoration Act of 2011. This bill, among many introduced in Congress, is the only one that will address the pressing financial concerns of the post office in a responsible manner without eliminating jobs and services to the American public. The bill introduced by Rep. Stephen Lynch has 211 co-sponsors. This will not be a bailout or cost the citizens of the United States a single penny in taxes. It will simply transfer the overpayments in the retirement system into the future retiree health care obligation. If this law is passed there will be no other company in the United States that can claim two fully funded pensions and a fully funded current and future retiree health care benefits plan.
Why the gloom and doom?
So why all the gloom and doom? There cannot be a claim that “legacy costs” or “benefits” are destroying the USPS. Productivity and reliability can't be a factor. The Post Office adds a million new delivery points each year and has simultaneously reduced the number of employees nationwide from over 700,000 three years ago to about 590,000 today. On time delivery service standards are at an all-time high. The Postal Service has been named the most trusted government agency six years running. So why does Postmaster General Patrick Donahue insist on a plan that eliminates a day of mail delivery service, closes over 3,000 Post Offices and more than half the mail processing plants in the country, and guts the collective bargaining rights of its organized employees by redefining the retirement and health care benefit plans? Disaster Capitalism!
A manufactured crisis
If you have read Naomi Klein's book “The Shock Doctrine,” then you know what I am talking about. It is almost as if Congress and the USPS headquarters are treating it like a page out of a playbook–manufacture a financial crisis and insist drastic measures must be taken immediately before any facts and public input can get in the way. Seize the opportunity to break the unions and dismantle a reliable public service so the capitalists can let the free market perform what the government couldn't do–but for a profit. That is what the Postmaster General's proposals will accomplish–eliminate Saturday delivery and open the door to private competitors. Once that advantage is gone and revenues decline, then why not eliminate Tuesday mail delivery service, then Thursday mail delivery, and so on?
USPS has plans to eliminate over 100,000 jobs and 3,000 post offices.
But how will the private sector respond? Will they have universal pricing and service? Of course not. Those who have a mailbox at the end of a dirt road or live in a community that is not affluent will not be profitable, and the service will not be affordable. These are the folks who need the Postal Service the most. The plan to eliminate half the mail processing centers nationwide will delay the time it takes to deliver first class mail. The USPS is planning on lowering its service standards by a day or two once the plan is implemented. What company in their right mind intentionally “plans” on lowering its standards unless they are trying to fail? The closures of an additional 3,000+ post offices will diminish the purpose of the service that binds the nation together. Americans will be inconvenienced to use the USPS and the trust will deteriorate. Changing the retirement and health benefit plans fundamentally alters the collective bargaining agreements. These plans will eliminate over 100,000 jobs at a time when this country cannot afford that kind of blow to the economy. It is unfortunate and hypocritical that the Obama administration has advocated the elimination of Saturday delivery service as part of the deficit-reduction package while insisting on the need for job creation. The U.S. Postal Service is critical to our economy. We deliver mail, medicine, and packages on time and for good price.
Rally with us on September 27!
I hope all unionists across America, who appreciate the hard work of their brothers and sisters in the Postal Service, will support them by attending the rallies on Tuesday, September 27. Bring some friends who rely on the USPS. Let your voice be heard; advocate for H. R. 1351!
Rally Locations and Times.
For details on rally locations and more information, please go to http://www.saveamericaspostalservice.org/ or the National Association of Letter Carriers web-site at http://www.nalc.org/ This legislation will address the immediate concerns of the adverse effects the burden of health care places on the Postal Service.
NALC seeks continued support and passage of single payer, HR 676.
But, like all labor organizations faced with the health care dilemma, the ultimate long term goal of the NALC is the continued support and passage of single payer. The Postal Service would not have to fund retiree health care benefits, let alone future employee benefits, if single payer, specifically H. R. 676, were the law.
I hope to see you on September 27th.
Distributed by:
All Unions Committee For Single Payer Health Care–HR 676
c/o Nurses Professional Organization (NPO)
1169 Eastern Parkway, Suite 2218
Louisville, KY 40217
(502) 636 1551
Email: nursenpo@aol.com
http://unionsforsinglepayer.org/
9/22/11
An Investigation into Flow and Mortar
Fragments have started to garner a negative reputation in the Android community, despite being officially supported by the Android team at Google, and there are a host of reasons why:
We have to rely solely on default constructors, rather than custom constructors.
Nested Fragments are prone to bugs and limitations.
The Fragment lifecycle is complex.
But perhaps most importantly, Android developers simply don't seem to enjoy using Fragments, viewing them more as a hindrance than as a help.
Here on the Ranch, we teach in our Android bootcamps that using Fragments is the right way to go (especially for beginners), and we also use Fragments extensively on all of our consulting projects.
However, we encourage a mindset of constant exploration and continual learning, so I began investigating the most popular alternatives to Fragments.
Enter Flow and Mortar
About a year ago, Square introduced two new libraries called Flow and Mortar, with the noble goal of ridding the Android world of Fragments forever. Square has a stellar reputation in the open-source community, having built such amazing libraries as:
Dagger
Retrofit
Picasso
Otto
And so many more
Suffice it to say, I trust them. I figure that any resource from Square is probably useful (or, at the very least, interesting), so it's worth giving it a look.
I should note before diving in that Square uses these libraries only on a few internal projects, and they're still in pre-release stages as of this writing. That said, both libraries have seen active development in recent months, which bodes well for their respective futures. While the libraries might be shifting sands that could change, break or die at any moment, the core architectural principles underlying them should remain constant.
Architecture
First, let's go over architecture in Android applications. In the days before Android Honeycomb, before Fragments even existed, the standard pattern for creating Android apps was to create a bunch of Activities. Typically, most developers loosely followed a Model-View-Controller paradigm, which made a lot of sense. The model was the underlying data, typically some database or maybe a web request stored as JSON, or any various enumerations of Java objects. The View would happily be the XML layouts that the developer would craft for each Activity, and the Controller was the Activity associated with each screen of the application.
This is a simplistic overview, but you can see how Android fits into MVC by default.
With the advent of Fragments in Honeycomb, the Android team made it easier to deal with different form factors. Now, the standard architecture became a few Activities and a bunch of composed Fragments, so that all of our apps would be cross-platform between phones, tablets, watches or spaceships.
At the time, this seemed like a boon. Fragments were all the rage, and decomposing an Activity into multiple fragments was great. Plus, the architecture still adheres to MVC, though Activities were often reduced to merely being Fragment holders and the interface between Fragments and the OS.
But what if Activities weren't properly given a chance? Maybe, if used in conjunction with custom Views, Activities don't actually need the support of Fragments to create cross-platform modular apps. The core idea behind using Flow and Mortar is to explore this question. Flow and Mortar work by replacing our Fragments with custom Views paired with dedicated and injected controller objects, so we can work solely with Views instead of Fragments.
We'll be constructing the middle portion of this diagram over the course of our discussion, figuring out where to put different pieces of the puzzle in a world without Fragments. We'll watch as the architecture evolves from standard MVC into something altogether different, which (spoiler alert) will heavily involve Flow and Mortar.
So, what, exactly are Flow and Mortar, and how can they help?
Flow
Flow divides an application into a logical collection of “Screens.” Screens are not any sort of special library object, but rather a plain old Java object (POJO) that we create to represent sections of our application. Each Screen is a self-contained segment of the app, with its own function and purpose. A Screen's usage isn't so different from the typical Activity's usage. Each Screen corresponds to a particular location in the app, sort of like a URL to a webpage or a really specific Implicit Intent in Android. Thus, the Screen class serves as a self-contained readable definition of a section of the application.
Each Activity in our application will own a “Flow” object. The Flow object holds the history of Screens in a backstack, similar to the Activity backstack or the FragmentManager's backstack of Fragments, allowing us to navigate between Screens by simply instantiating where we want to go. Instead of an application having a bunch of Activities, there exists a small number (ideally one) Activity that hosts multiple Screens. It looks something like this:
If we want to go to a new Screen, we simply instantiate it and tell our Flow object to take us there. In addition, Flow comes with goBack() and goUp() methods, which behave as expected. While the introduction of goto statements in Java might scare some folk, it's not so terribly evil.
In essence, Flow tells us where to go in our app. The advantage of using Flow is that it gives us a simple way to navigate around various custom Views that we've defined (i.e., Screens), freeing us to not worry about Activities or Fragments—we deal solely with Views. It creates a simpler, cleaner, View-centric world.
Mortar
Mortar is a library focused around Dagger and its associated dependency injection. Mortar divides an application into composable modules using a few distinct parts: Blueprints, Presenters and a boatload of custom Views.
Each section of a Mortar app (that is, each Screen, since we're also using Flow) is defined by a Blueprint, which is given its own personal Dagger module. It ends up looking a bit like this:
Flow and Mortar play well together. All we have to do is adjust our Screen class to also implement the Blueprint interface (provided by Mortar), and it gives us the Dagger scoping for free.
The Presenter is a singleton object that functions as a view-controller with a simple lifecycle and persistence bundle. Each View has an associated Presenter, which lives inside the associated Screen (with a Blueprint). Since the Presenter is scoped to just the Screen that it lives in, the Presenter (our heavy-duty controller object) will be garbage collected if we go to a new Screen using Flow. The Dagger scoping of Mortar combined with automatic garbage collection allow our app to be more memory efficient, since any of our controller objects that aren't currently being used are GC-ed away. In Activity-land, there are fewer guarantees of garbage collection when switching between Fragments and Activities.
Custom Views are used liberally so that we can simply inject all of the important model data through Dagger, and then use the associated Presenter to control the View itself. Presenters survive configuration changes, but have enough Activity lifecycle knowledge to be restored after process death. The Presenter actually hooks into the Activity's onSavedInstanceState() bundle, using the same mechanism for saving and loading data on configuration change as an Activity would. The Presenter life cycle is a simple one with only four callbacks:
onEnterScope(MortarScope scope)
onLoad(Bundle savedInstanceState)
onSave(Bundle outState)
onExitScope()
Not nearly as confusing a lifecycle as Fragments, if I do say so myself!
There are a lot of moving parts and new terms and classes and all sorts of room for confusion. So in sum, we have the following pieces of the puzzle:
Screen: A particular location in the application's navigation hierarchy
A particular location in the application's navigation hierarchy Blueprint: A section of an application with its own Dagger module
A section of an application with its own Dagger module Presenter: A View-controller object
A View-controller object Custom Views: Views defined by Java and usually some XML
Here's what our final Mortar and Flow architecture looks like:
Instead of sticking with Model View Controller, the architecture has morphed into more of a Model View Presenter style. The big difference concerns the handling of runtime configuration changes like rotation. In MVC, our Controller (Activities and Fragments) will be destroyed alongside our Views, whereas in MVP, only our View will be destroyed and recreated. Nifty.
Positives
With all of this work and redesign, there needs to be some payoff, so let's talk about the good things.
Using Mortar and Flow forces us to create a modular architecture with a Model View Presenter design, which is useful for maintaining a clean codebase.
Testing becomes easier through the dependency injection of our custom views and Presenters.
Animation can be dealt with on a View level, as opposed to worrying about Fragment and Activities as much.
Mortar scoping means the application will be more memory efficient, with garbage collection occurring on the View and Presenter level automatically.
And, of course, we no longer have to worry about Fragments and their various quirks.
Room for Improvement
Flow and Mortar do have some issues:
There is a steep learning curve. The patterns are complex and require a lot of exploration and experimentation before you can really understand them, and these libraries are certainly not for beginners. Even for an expert, there is a steep design pattern investment.
If you're going to use Mortar and Flow, you really have to go all the way with it. It would be difficult to interplay “standard” Android with the Fragment-less Android style. If you want to convert an existing project to Mortar and Flow, the process, while certainly possible, will be long and arduous.
There's a mountain of boilerplate and configuration to deal with. This is my biggest complaint. With all of these new classes and interfaces, I often felt like I was drowning in uninteresting code that was required solely to hook everything together, which just isn't as much fun.
What's next
Both Mortar and Flow are in the pre-release stages of their development, with no official release in sight. This means dealing with issues and changes and updates, with the libraries shifting from beneath us, but this also means there is plenty of time for improvement.
Working with Mortar and Flow was a fun experiment. I enjoyed trying out some new libraries and seeking alternatives to the standard Fragment-oriented architecture, but I don't think Mortar and Flow are the solutions the Android world are seeking. That could change in a few months or years. I hope that these projects will garner more attention and love and continue to improve, and I'll definitely be keeping an eye on them.
When you're blasting though space at more than 98 percent of the speed of light, you may need driver's insurance. Astronomers have discovered for the first time a rear-end collision between two high-speed knots of ejected matter from a supermassive black hole. This discovery was made while piecing together a time-lapse movie of a plasma jet blasted from a supermassive black hole inside a galaxy located 260 million light-years from Earth. The finding offers new insights into the behavior of “light-saber-like" jets that are so energized that they appear to zoom out of black holes at speeds several times the speed of light. This “superluminal” motion is an optical illusion due to the fast real speed of the plasma, which is close to the universal maximum of the speed of light. Such extragalactic jets are not well understood. They appear to transport energetic plasma in a confined beam from the active nucleus of the host galaxy. The new analysis suggests that shocks produced by collisions within the jet further accelerate particles and brighten the regions of colliding material. The video of the jet was assembled with two decades' worth of NASA Hubble Space Telescope images of the elliptical galaxy NGC 3862, the sixth-brightest galaxy and one of only a few active galaxies with jets seen in visible light. In 1992, Hubble discovered the jet in optical light. NGC 3862 is in a rich cluster of galaxies known as Abell 1367 in the constellation Leo. The jet from NGC 3862 has a string-of-pearls structure of glowing knots of material. Taking advantage of Hubble's sharp resolution and long-term optical stability, Eileen Meyer of the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) in Baltimore, Maryland, matched archival Hubble images with a new deep image taken in 2014 to better understand jet motions. Meyer was surprised to see a fast knot with an apparent speed of seven times the speed of light catch up with the end of a slower moving, but still superluminal, knot along the string. The resulting "shock collision" caused the merging blobs to brighten significantly. "Something like this has never been seen before in an extragalactic jet," said Meyer. As the knots continue merging, they will brighten further in the coming decades. "This will allow us a very rare opportunity to see how the kinetic energy of the collision is dissipated into radiation."
It's not uncommon to see knots of material in jets ejected from gravitationally compact objects, but it is rare that motions have been observed with optical telescopes, and so far out from the black hole, thousands of light-years away. In addition to black holes, newly forming stars eject narrowly collimated streamers of gas that have a knotty structure. One theory is that material falling onto the central object is superheated and ejected along the object's spin axis. Powerful magnetic fields constrain the material into a narrow jet. If the flow of the infalling material is not smooth, blobs are ejected like a string of cannonballs rather than a steady hose-like flow.
Whatever the mechanism, the fast-moving knot will burrow its way out into intergalactic space. A knot launched later, behind the first one, may have less drag from the shoveled-out interstellar medium and catch up to the earlier knot, rear-ending it in a shock collision.
Beyond the collision, which will play out over the next few decades, this discovery marks only the second case of superluminal motion measured at hundreds to thousands of light-years from the black hole where the jet was launched. This indicates that the jets are still close to the speed of light even on distances that start to rival the scale of the host galaxy. These measurements can give insights into how much energy jets carry out into their host galaxy and beyond, which is important for understanding how galaxies evolve as the universe ages.
Meyer is currently making a Hubble-image video of two more jets in the nearby universe to look for similar fast motions. They note that these kinds of studies are only possible because of the long operating lifetime of Hubble, which has now been looking at some of these jets for over 20 years.
Extragalactic jets have been detected at X-ray and radio wavelengths in many active galaxies powered by central black holes, but only a few have been seen in optical light. Astronomers do not yet understand why some jets are seen in visible light and others are not.
With less than a month to go before Election Day, not all American voters are aware of their states' voter ID requirements. A new national survey finds that the confusion runs two ways: Some voters live in states that do not require identification to vote but think it is needed, while others living in states that do require IDs mistakenly believe they do not need one to vote.
About four-in-ten voters (37%) living in states with no identification requirement incorrectly believe that they will be required to show identification prior to voting, according to a survey conducted Sept. 27 to Oct. 10 among 3,616 registered voters on Pew Research Center's nationally representative American Trends Panel. About six-in-ten (62%) in these states know they do not have to produce a photo ID to vote.
In the states that do require or request identification, more than three-quarters (77%) of voters know it is needed. However, about one-in-five voters (22%) in these states do not know a photo ID is needed, which may result in inconvenience or could prevent them from voting at all.
The National Conference of State Legislatures classifies voter identification laws into three broad categories: There are 18 states plus the District of Columbia that have no identification requirement. Another 22 states “request” identification but provide conditions that permit voters without it to cast a ballot with no additional action on the part of the voter to affirm identity (e.g., voting by provisional ballot, or signing an affidavit of identity). The remaining 10 states have “strict” identification requirements. In these “strict” states, voters who cast provisional ballots must take additional steps after voting to affirm their identity before their vote can be counted (e.g., a voter may return to an election office with an acceptable ID).
In states that do not require IDs to vote, blacks and Hispanics are more likely than whites to mistakenly think they do require an ID.
Overall, about half of black (51%) and Hispanic voters (53%) in these states incorrectly believe they will need to show identification. By contrast, only 31% of white voters living in states with no voter identification requirement incorrectly believe that they will have to show an ID in order to vote.
However, about a quarter of whites (24%) in states with a voter identification requirement incorrectly say they do not need an ID to vote. That compares with 15% of black and 8% of Hispanic voters in those states.
There are wide age and educational differences in knowledge of voter ID requirements in states with no requirements. Young people and less-educated adults are more likely than older and better-educated people to say incorrectly that an ID is required to vote. But there are more modest differences in awareness in states that do require voter identification to vote.
Note: See methodology and topline from the Sept. 27-Oct. 10 survey.
Topics: Voter Demographics, Voter Participation, 2016 Election, Voting Issues
Movie Genre Example
The Netflix� Prize is a competition to improve movie recommendation accuracy (Bennet & Lanning, 2007). Rules of the competition are available at http://www.netflixprize.com/index. Netflix provides a dataset containing 100 480 507 ratings by 480 189 users for 17 770 movies. Movie recommendation engines trained on these data are tested on an undisclosed data set to gauge prediction success.
To create this benchmark example, the Netflix dataset was augmented with a primary genre label for each of the 17 770 movies. Genre labels were obtained from the movie synopses on the Netflix website. The term used for such data collection is crawling. Movies are classified as belonging to one of 21 genres (Table 1).
Table 1: Primary Netflix movie genres.
Uncensored Drama NA Action & Adventure Faith & Spirituality Romance Anime & Animation Foreign Sci-Fi & Fantasy Children & Family Gay & Lesbian Special Interest Classics Horror Sports & Fitness Comedy Independent Television Documentary Music & Musicals Thrillers
The seven genres shown in italics are infrequent, accounting for only 980 of the 17 770 movies.
The Netflix dataset forms a sparse ratings matrix of size 17 770 movies x 480 189 users, with only 100 480 507 (0.01%) of the matrix elements populated by ratings. While the prize competition seeks to predict the missing ratings in this matrix, this project uses the enhanced dataset to define a different problem: predicting primary movie genres from ratings data.
Movie feature derivation
In the absence of directly interpretable features, most Netflix prediction algorithms rely on user and/or movie similarities to generate predictions. The broad class of such approaches is termed collaborative filtering. Informative features describing movies and users may be obtained indirectly by factoring the ratings matrix into a user matrix and a movie matrix, where users and movies correspond to rows and columns in the matrices resulting from decomposition. Matrix factorization minimizes the difference between the populated elements of a reconstructed matrix and the actual ratings matrix. An incremental singular value decomposition (SVD) factorization algorithm uses error minimization to produce user and movie matrices. This preprocessing technique is a minor variant of the technique introduced to the Netflix Prize competition by Funk (2006).
The incremental SVD algorithm produces a 64-dimensional feature vector for each movie. The 17 770 movie feature vectors and their genre labels constitute the genre-augmented dataset. Omitting movies with genres that appear infrequently produces a dataset with 16 840 movies, each classified as belonging to one of 14 genres (Table 2)
Table 2: Primary genres of 16 840 movies in the genre-augmented dataset.
Action & Adventure Documentary Romance Anime & Animation Drama Sci-Fi & Fantasy Children & Family Foreign Television Classics Horror Thrillers Comedy Musicals
Each of the 64 movie feature vector components was linearly scaled such to the [0,1] range. The dataset was partitioned into a training set of 14,314 movies and a test set of 2,526 movies. This dataset is available as movieGenreBenchmark.mat file here. The zipped folder contains the .mat file all well as other files required to create randomized training and test datasets.
Reference:
Carpenter, G. A. & Gaddam, C. S.(2009). Biased ART: A neural architecture that shifts attention toward previously disregarded features following an incorrect prediction. Technical Report CAS/CNS TR-2009-003, Boston, MA: Boston University.
http://cns.bu.edu/~gsc/biasedART/TR-2009-003_CarpenterGaddam_.pdf [18 MB]
Disclaimer:
This dataset is provided free of charge. As such, the authors assume no responsibility for the programs' behavior. While they have been tested and used in-house, no claim is made that the Movie Genre dataset is correct or bug-free. They are used and provided solely for research and educational purposes. No liability, financial or otherwise, is assumed regarding any application of this dataset.
Feedback:
Have questions? Found a bug? Please send comments to: gsc@cns.bu.edu
Share this article! 5 Pinterest 0 StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 0 Linkedin Tumblr 0 Digg
If you haven't read the “…14-Step Guide to Happiness” interview with Viola Davis on Vulture.com, be sure to check it out. Ms. Davis is an insightful woman who has so much to share about personal growth.
But since this is a hair blog, I'll focus on their comments about their experience with their hair; reflections that many of us can relate to and that we can all learn from as we continue our own natural hair journey.
We need to find avenues to alleviate stress
Viola shared that they struggled with self-esteem issues related to losing their hair in their twenties from a condition called Alopecia Areata; a disorder that causes “your immune system [to] attack your hair follicles”, (Web MD). The hair falls out and sufferers are left with bald patches. In some cases the hair does grow back but it is more sparse and prone to breakage. In some cases, the hair never comes back.
As a result of the disorder, Viola states that they wore wigs as “a crutch”. They were able to eventually overcome their discomfort with their hair and now wears wigs in lieu of their natural hair when they feel like wearing a wig, and not because they have to.
Take away: Internalizing stress can manifest itself in so many ways: hair loss, poor health, and crankiness among other conditions. Find ways to alleviate stress through meditation, yoga, reading a book, professional counseling; whatever works for you.
Get rid of excess baggage that impacts your self-confidence
Viola clearly was able to reclaim their sense of self, long before we saw them rock their beautiful natural hair at the 2012 Oscars.
When we don't trust our own abilities, or believe in ourselves, it can have a ripple affect and impact not only our day-to-day activities, but also how we view ourselves.
Have you ever looked in a mirror and wondered who that “ugly” person is in the reflection? Or bemoan how you are “too fat” or “too skinny”, “too dark”, “not dark enough”, “not smart enough”…
Or maybe you have let other people's thoughts affect your own belief system and actions.
Have you ever questioned your natural hair journey because someone told you that you should “straighten your nappy hair”? Have you ever envied someone else's natural hair because their hair is “naturally curly” instead of “kinky”?
Take away: This is all baggage that is rooted in a lack of self-esteem and confidence. Decide today that you are going to work on reclaiming your confidence, and natural beauty, just like Ms. Davis did. Here's how:
Write down everything that makes you feel insecure. Recognizing and admitting to our weaknesses is one of the first steps towards regaining our self-confidence.
Catalog the things about yourself that you are proud of. Just as it is important to recognize what we perceive to be as our shortcomings, it is even more important to recognize all of the wonderful things about us that make us who we are. Nothing is too miniscule to add to this list.
Banish negative thinking through positive reinforcement. Whenever negative thoughts or perceptions seep into your conscious, replace those thoughts with positive ones; even if you don't believe the positive thought. Research shows that negative thinking can be eliminated through the practice of replacing the negative thought with a positive one. Daily positive affirmations are a great way to incorporate positive affirmations into your life.
“Changing attitudes about natural hair” is what we do at Natural Haircare News. Through informative articles, podcasts and videos, we go beyond just sharing the latest advice and tips on kinky, curly, wavy haircare – We shake things up and focus on the realities of wearing our hair natural.
if (function_exists('nrelate_related')) nrelate_related(); ?
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) is trying get rid of the CEO of Wells Fargo — for the second time in 12 months.
The Wall Street megabank has been in the Massachusetts senator's crosshairs since it came to light in 2013 that it created as many as 3.5 million fake accounts for customers, resulting in millions of dollars in fraudulent fees and weakened credit scores.
Warren has been on a crusade to oust Wells Fargo's senior management ever since. In 2016, after a high-profile exchange with Warren during their testimony went south, former Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf resigned amid public outcry. And on Tuesday, Warren returned to the spotlight when they told Stumpf's replacement, CEO Tim Sloan, “You should be fired,” during a banking committee hearing.
“Replacing an insider CEO who personally profited from the bank opening millions of fake accounts with another highly placed insider who personally profited from the same activity does not lead to change at the bank,” Warren told Vox in an interview after the hearing.
To her, replacing the bank's leadership isn't merely a symbolic gesture. Instead, they see forcing a change in personnel — which, they note, the Federal Reserve has the power to do to Wells Fargo should it so choose — as itself a meaningful policy action, one that would help reform the bank's culture and could deter bad actors throughout the industry.
“Start with a little criminal responsibility,” they add, “and see if that doesn't clear things up at Wells.”
I spoke to Warren about the Wells Fargo scandal, Tuesday's hearing, and whether longtime critics of Wall Street are beginning to win.
A transcript of our conversation, edited for length and clarity, follows.
Elizabeth Warren on “a case study in fraud that benefits those at the tippy, tippy top”
Jeff Stein
Obviously you went after Sloan today at the committee hearing, but previously you'd gone after Stumpf successfully, and they were forced to step down.
Both Democrats and Republicans on the committee today argued that the culture of the company has yet to change. Do you worry at all that lopping off the heads of the Wells Fargo hydra is an insufficient solution to its deeper structural and cultural problems that allow banks to get away with predatory behavior?
Elizabeth Warren
You know, Wells Fargo is a case study in fraud that benefits those at the tippy, tippy top — and crushes the employees and consumers at the bottom.
I worry that Wells Fargo just doesn't get it. Replacing an insider CEO who personally profited from the bank opening millions of fake accounts with another highly placed insider who personally profited from the same activity does not lead to change at the bank.
Jeff Stein
Did anything at the hearing today give you assurance that Wells Fargo had learned from either the public outcry or multiple rounds of Senate hearings?
Elizabeth Warren
No! It was just the reverse.
It's not just that Sloan was there when it happened — they were part of it. Either they were incompetent or they were complicit. And in either case, they should be fired.
What I was trying to do, whether I was successful or not ... is trying to simply document the things they knew. Either they failed to ask what was going on or they knew what was going on and lied about it.
Sloan profited personally from [the fake accounts]. They had 2 million in shares of Wells Fargo stock — and they got up every quarter during the fake accounts scandal and told potential investors that Wells was a great deal because of the cross-sell ratio. It turns out the cross-sell ratio was full of fake accounts.
And every time they did that and the stock price went up, they made money — lots of money. Then when the whole thing began to crack apart a month before the whole scandal went public, when they were asked about it, they lied.
It's not just that Wells Fargo picked someone who had been [there for] a long time. They picked someone who was up to their ears in this fraud.
Jeff Stein
You've urged the Federal Reserve, under Obama appointee Janet Yellen, to use its power to force all 12 members of its board to step down, which they haven't done. And you've criticized DOJ and SEC officials appointed by Obama for not pursuing charges in court.
Do you think Obama's appointees have been tough enough on Wells Fargo?
Elizabeth Warren
I don't see this through a political lens. Personal accountability for corporate executives has virtually disappeared for decades now.
Look at what happened in 2008: the biggest crisis since the Great Depression, and yet no one was held personally responsible. Without some additional personal accountability, the executives get all the rewards. Making the shareholders pay a fine does not stop the executives from advancing these frauds.
That's the part that was so frustrating about talking to Stumpf a year ago. Their idea of personal responsibility was to fire a bunch of $12-an-hour employees. [Wells Fargo fired 5,300 low-level employees for selling the fake accounts.] They're not the ones who led the bank into a massive fraud — it's the executives who did it. And yet they expect to collect their bonuses and continue to get promoted. That has to stop in corporate America; otherwise, these giant financial institutions will take a fall down again.
Jeff Stein
To what extent do you think this problem is a lack of enforcement of existing regulations? Or is new legislation critical?
Elizabeth Warren
I'll tell you a story. My Uncle Billy in Odessa, Texas, used to say after the last financial crisis in the late 1970s and early '80s — which rolled across the United States ... — about 1,000 people were prosecuted and sent to jail.
I still remember being at a family reunion shortly after that. And Billy said, “Yeah, my banker friends used to work 10 to 3, and now they're doing 2 to 5.” [Laughs] And that's kind of the whole story.
That didn't happen after the 2008 crisis. The law wasn't weakened from the 1980s to the 2000s. It was the willingness of the prosecutors to call out the executives who had been a party to fraud.
In the Wells case, let me remind you — it's not as if Wells had been pure as the driven snow until this scandal broke. Wells was already in trouble —
Jeff Stein
You're talking the toxic mortgages —
Elizabeth Warren
Yeah — remember what it was: They were in trouble with the mortgages for the same kind of problems. They had put unrealistic sales requirements on low-level employees and pushed out those mortgages, particularly in African-American and Latino neighborhoods. And Wells had to pay a huge fine.
They said they would rework employee contribution to make sure they wouldn't create a problem like this in the future. They reworked it right to the point where employees opened millions of fake accounts to meet their sales quotas.
I have sent letters to the Federal Reserve. I have asked the Department of Justice to investigate. I have asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate for securities fraud. I hope there are ongoing investigations — but they aren't public.
Jeff Stein
Imagining there's President Warren and 60 Democratic senators — would you revoke Wells Fargo's charter? What other big policies would be at the top of your agenda?
Elizabeth Warren
I would start by changing the leadership at Wells Fargo and conduct a thorough investigation into both securities fraud and criminal fraud. Start with a little criminal responsibility and see if that doesn't clear things up at Wells. [Later in the interview, Warren asked me to clarify that they are not running for president.]
Jeff Stein
It seems like there's been a shift in our political discourse about the degree to which Wall Street executives need to be criminally punished. And Republicans on the committee seemed totally outraged by this today too. Are you encouraged by a shift in the conversation in what appears to be your direction?
Elizabeth Warren
Yes. I am very glad to see a shift in the conversation. It's about time.
Benkyo-do Company 1747 Buchanan Street Type: Confectionery Established: 1906 www.benkyodocompany.com/
Benkyo-do Company is one of Japantown's original businesses, which has existed in two known locations within Japantown since 1906. Founded by Suyeichi Okamura (born in Kagoshima, Japan, in 1886), the business was originally located on Geary Street and remained there through 1940. During World War II, the Okamura family was detained at Amache internment camp in Colorado. When the Okamuras returned to San Francisco's Japantown after interment, they reestablished Benkyo-do Co. near the corner of Geary and Buchanan streets. A few years later, in 1959, the business moved to its current location during a time of major neighborhood reorganization that occurred as a result of federally funded urban renewal. Shortly after moving into the current building, the business was passed to Hirofumi Okamura, son of the founder. Hirofumi, also known as “Hippo,” operated the business for 30 years before passing it to their sons, Bobby and Ricky Okamura, who have run the business since 1990.
Initially known as the Benkyodo Candy Factory, the business has always specialized in the manufacturing of the Japanese confections, mochi, and manju. Today, it is the last remaining manufacturer of these traditional Japanese foods in San Francisco and the oldest of two such manufacturers in the Bay Area. The company produces several hundred pieces of mochi and manju a day in 15 different varieties, using a traditional handmade method that was brought to the U.S. in 1906. The shop at the front of the building features a bakery counter where the mochi and manju are sold, as well as a lunch counter that serves Japanese American fare. The shop has been a local gathering place throughout its history and has also become an attraction to Japanese tourists, who come to enjoy traditional handmade Japanese desserts that are becoming less common in Japan as tastes turn toward Western cuisine. Benkyo-do Co. is one of the last remaining Issei (first generation) founded businesses in Japantown; the only others to remain active are believed to be Soko Hardware and Toraya Restaurant.
The building that houses Benkyo-do Co. was constructed in 1958 and contained both a shop and residence to house the business and its owners. The International-style building was designed by Kazuo Goto, a Japanese American architect based in Berkeley, and was constructed by S. Handa Sons, a building and carpentry business active in the Japantown neighborhood. Original architectural plans show that the building was specifically designed for the business it houses. The first floor contains senbei and mochi rooms as well as a shop space. (Senbei are a type of Japanese cracker, while mochi are rice cakes, often filled with ice cream, bean paste, or other sweets. Manju is a derivation of mochi filled with red bean paste.) The senbei and mochi rooms are called out specifically in the architectural drawings for the building, along with the equipment and stations necessary to the manufacturing processes. The senbei room includes space for the machine that bakes the crackers. The mochi room features a space for the usu, the wood or stone mortar used to pound rice into a paste; areas for sei-ros, the large rectangular metal or bamboo steamers where mochi and manju are cooked; and a kama space for the large cast-iron pots used to cook bean paste or heat water for tea. The mochi room also has a grinding space, press space, oven, work table, and floors sloped for drainage. The second floor of the building was designed as the Okamura family residence and featured a sitting room, three bedrooms, a family room, a dining room, a laundry room, a kitchen, and a small deck. The Benkyo-do Co. building was constructed during an important time in the history of Japantown's physical and cultural development, when Nikkei who were still stabilizing their cultural community after war-time internment were faced with imminent urban redevelopment. The Benkyo-do Co. building may be seen as both a functional resource and as a symbol of mid-century Nikkei values associated with modernization, permanence, and the continuation of a culturally significant historic business. Its construction was related to the events of post-World War II Japanese American resettlement, to the physical redevelopment of the Western Addition, and to the history of the Japantown cultural community.
Hi,
We're proud to announce FL Studio 9.
You can download it from our download page and find out what's new here.
Check out the September newsletter here.
Enjoy,
The Image-Line Team
What is FL9?
FL Studio is a full-featured, open architecture, music production environment capable of audio recording, composing, sequencing and mixing, for the creation of professional quality music. The FL Studio philosophy is creative freedom:
o Free your audio - Instruments can be routed to any mixer track. Each mixer track can receive audio from any number of instruments, any number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard input. Further, mixer track outputs allow sending audio to any other mixer track and a soundcard output.
o Free your mind – Choose your preferred workflow, compose using the step-sequencer or piano roll. Create in pattern or track mode, then arrange your ideas in the free ‘palette' Playlist. The Playlist presents timeline as a virtual ‘canvas' where each Playlist track can simultaneously hold any number of score, audio and automation events. Now that's freedom.
Instruments
o Make virtually any sound - FL9 includes over 30 software synthesizers covering acoustic/synthetic bass, electric guitar, multi-sampler tools including piano & strings, general sample playback and beat-slicing (With Rex 1 & 2 support).
o Synthesis techniques - span subtractive, modelling, FM, RM, granular and additive. With the addition of FL SynthMaker you can further create & share your own FL instruments, effects & MIDI control dashboards without the need to write basic code.
Audio Recording & Editing
o Multi-channel audio inputs - With the ability to simultaneously capture all the inputs on your audio-interface, FL Studio has the flexibility to record a single vocalist, guitar or a full symphony orchestra.
o Arranging audio - Audio can then be arranged, with complete freedom in the Playlist. Features include the ability to host an unlimited number of audio recordings, time-stretching, pitch-shifting, beat-slicing, cropping, editing and the re-arranging of audio with complete creative freedom.
o Edison - FL9's audio capabilities are further enhanced with Edison, the recording wave editor. Edison is an integrated audio editing and recording tool with spectral analysis, convolution reverb, noise reduction, loop-recording, loop-construction tools and more.
FL Studio supports WAV, MP3, OGG, WavPack, AIFF, and REX audio formats.
Sequencing
Compose and record your musical performances and ideas in the most logical way.
o Pattern or track sequencing – You choose, record your musical performances and ideas in the most logical way. FL Studio 9 can simultaneously function as a pattern and track based sequencer.
o Step sequencer or Piano roll - Tools include a Step-sequencer, an industry-leading Piano roll, event and multipoint automation. FL Studio supports MIDI input from all standard controllers.
Arranging
FL Studio allows you to do what you want where and when you want.
o Determine your own project design - In FL9, you decide how your project will be laid out. Unlike the competition, FL9's Playlist is a totally flexible and virtually unbounded workspace where Note Pattern, Audio and Automation data can be arranged and edited to suit your creative ideas and preferred workflow.
Mixing & Mastering
FL Studio provides all the tools you need to produce your tracks to high professional standards.
o The mixer - FL9 includes a superb 104 track stereo track mixers that is about precision, control and flexibility. The mixer's tracks each hold up to 8 effects (VST, DX or FL's proprietary format). To create sub-mixes or mixing chains of almost unlimited complexity, each mixer track can be routed to any other mixer track, one of 4 dedicated 'send' channels and or the Master track. Sends provide the ability to sidechain inputs to multi-input effects plugins. Finally, each of the mixer tracks can be routed to any output on your audio interface, now that's flexibility.
o Effects - What about effects? FL Studio includes more than 40 effects spanning maximization, limiting, compression, delay, distortion, equalization (graphic & parametric), filtering, phasing, flanging, chorus, vocoding and reverb. These have you covered for the creative broad-brush effects, through to the minutia of the mastering process.
Lifetime free updates
There may be no such thing as a ‘free lunch' but there certainly is ‘lifetime free updates' with Image Line's update policy.
o Never pay for bug-fixes again! - Customers who purchase a download edition of FL Studio through our online shop receive lifetime free downloadable updates. Free updates entitles the customer to all future updates of FL Studio according to level purchased (Express, Fruity, Producer or Signature Bundle). For example, all FL Studio 9 customers will be able to download their version of FL Studio 10, 11 etc, for free.
o Boxed Edition - Customers who have the Boxed version don't miss out and can convert to lifetime free downloadable updates for a small additional fee.
Key new features and changes
Over 370 additions, changes & bugfixes featuring:
o FL Studio
· Sidechaining - The FL Studio Mixer 'Track Send' now has an additional 'Sidechain' mode to support multiple-input mixer plugins.
· Multi-core CPU (Hyperthreading) - Improved multithreaded generator & added multithreaded effects processing.
· Multiple controllers - Can now control multiple independent instrument channels, assigned by MIDI number.
· New volatile linking feature.
· Wrapper - Aligned tick lengths checkbox for greater plugin compatibility.
o New Plugins
· Autogun - Sonic adventure (free). Based on Ogun.
· Ogun - Additive metal simulation synthesizer (demo).
· Gross Beat- Real-time, audio-stream playback, pitch, position and volume manipulation effect (demo).
· Stereo Shaper - Mid / Side stereo processing (free).
· Vocodex- The last word in vocoders (free with Producer Edition).
o Revised Plugins
· Additional included plugins - SimSynth Live, DrumSynth Live, DX-10, WASP and WASP XT are now included in FL Studio (Fruity edition upwards).
· Fruity Reeverb 2 - Added Mid vs Side input signal processing.
· Fruity Wrapper - Now supports multiple inputs/outputs (free).
· Wavecandy- Visualization & analysis tools (free).
· Fruity Limiter - Compressor section now has sidechaining (free).
o Piano roll
· Riff machine - Automatic sequence generator tool.
· Note Grouping – New feature (works on selecting, moving, resizing, deletion, muting, shifting using mouse-wheel).
o Playlist
· Playlist track naming & icon - Tools for better song organization.
· Playlist track mute controls.
o Mixer
· More tracks - Now has 99 Insert tracks (up from 64).
· Multi-core CPU support - Added 'multithreaded mixer' tracks processing for improved multi-core performance.
o Browser
· Presets - Drop effect presets onto mixer tracks & channels, mixer track presets onto effect slots and channels, channel & generator presets onto mixer tracks & effect slots.
· Windows file shell menu – Available from Browser (right-click) item menu.
See our ‘History' page for the full list.
Demo Limitations
All FL Studio demo versions are fully featured, giving you access to features associated with the highest level of the program (Producer Edition). Compose new songs and export them to WAV, MP3 or OGG. The only limitation is that projects saved in demo mode will only open fully once FL Studio and plugins have been registered. This gives you the ability to save recover your original projects post-purchase.
Supported Formats
FL9 will fit easily within your current software supporting VST/VSTi/VST2, DXi, DXi2, MP3, WAV, OGG, MIDI, ASIO, ASIO 2, REWIRE, REX 1 & 2.
Additionally supported through DirectWave Editor: AKAI AKP (S5/6K,Z4,Z8), Battery (version 1), MPC, Reason, Kurzweil, EXS24, Kontakt (version 1 & 2), Recycle, SFZ+ and SoundFont2.
This year marks the first year that Ontario-made Vintners Quality Alliance (VQA) wines are available at more than 100 farmers' markets around the province. It seems fitting that our first wine review on the site should be a VQA wine that we picked up at the St. Lawrence Market on a recent Saturday. Tawse Winery from Vineland, ON won the prestigious award of being Canada's Winery of the Year in 2010, 2011 and 2012. It was a quiet day at the market so we were able to chat with the vendor. It seems Ontario is crawling towards the idea that you can buy great wine along with your cheese and produce. We're getting there. Keep it up, province!
Gamay Noir grapes ripen approximately 2 weeks earlier than the ever popular Pinot Noir grape, and they are easier to cultivate. It is a fairly popular grape varietal in the Niagara region as well as the wine region of Prince Edward County.
We paired our bottle ($18.95) with coffee glazed roast beef and stir fried Brussels sprouts.
Appearance: Cherry red colour, similar to a Pinot Noir. Easy to see across the glass. Wine has great legs.
Aroma: Thick aroma of blackberry and black currant with a hint of French oak.
Taste: Subtle cherry flavour with a dry mouth feel. Medium bodied, mature flavour. This is a meal in a glass. Hints of oak. Not heavy on the tannins.
Aftertaste: Very subtle sour liquorice after taste.
Overall: This one is apparently sold out but the vineyard also offers a 2013 vintage. I would definitely pick up another bottle if it crossed my path.
POSTED: Sunday, April 3, 2016 --- 10:50 p.m.
MADISON, Wis. --- With the Wisconsin primary just two days away, Hillary Clinton supporters hit the pavement looking for more support.
On Sunday, dozens geared up at the campaign's local office to canvas Madison neighborhoods pushing for last minute votes.
Volunteers said these final efforts are important to gain additional support as well as remind residents of the new voting regulation.
"We really wanna make sure we talk to everyone who is supporting Hilary, making sure they know all the information where their polling place is, that they need the new ID. Because this is the first election that we needed it and just make sure they have all the correct information," said Gabbie Stasson, a campaign volunteer.
Supporters said last minute efforts are important, but every minute of the campaign counts.
"It's about word of mouth, it's about making connections with people and that doesn't happen overnight. It happens over the course of months and we've been on the ground for months now trying to make this happen for Hillary," said Reilly Hatch, a campaign volunteer.
Dec. 20, 2013
SALT LAKE CITY--
Dave Christensen is Utah's new offensive coordinator, head coach Kyle Whittingham announced today. They will also coach the tight ends. Christensen was one of the top offensive coordinators in the country during eight seasons at Missouri (2001-08) before spending the past five years as the head coach at Wyoming, where they were the 2011 Mountain West Coach of the Year.
Dennis Erickson and Brian Johnson, who served as co-offensive coordinators this past season, will continue their duties as position coaches. Erickson will coach the running backs for a second season, while Johnson is preparing for their fifth season coaching the quarterbacks.
"As one of the pioneers of the spread offense, Dave Christensen is an innovative coach and was the architect of one of the top offenses in the country during their time at Missouri," said Whittingham. "We feel fortunate they were available and interested in joining our program, and they will be a great fit with our staff. We want an explosive offense and that's been a trademark of Dave's throughout their career as an offensive coordinator."
Wyoming's head coach from 2009-13, Christensen was named the Mountain West Coach of the Year in their third season. Before Wyoming, they served 17 years as an assistant for Gary Pinkel at Toledo (1992-2000) and Missouri (2001-08). Christensen coached the offensive line at both schools and was the offensive coordinator from 1997-2008, including their entire stay at Missouri.
"I am thrilled at the opportunity to work with Kyle again," said Christensen. "We were assistants together many years ago at Idaho State and I have great respect for them and what they have accomplished since then. I am also excited to be back coaching at the BCS level and at the University of Utah in particular, where I think there is a great opportunity for success. I have experience in the Pac-12 as a player and a coach at Washington and it is exciting to be back in one of the premier conferences in the country."
Christensen devised and implemented one of college football's most exciting no-huddle, spread offenses at Mizzou, where they were named the 2007 National Offensive Coordinator of the Year by Rivals.com and was runner-up for the 2007 Frank Broyles Award, honoring the nation's top assistant coach. Missouri played in the Big 12 Championship game in both 2007 and 2008 as the champion of the Big 12 North.
Missouri finished the 2007 season with a No. 4 Associated Press ranking and Christensen's offense ranked No. 5 in the nation in total offense (490.3 yards per game), No. 8 in scoring offense (39.9) and No. 9 in passing offense (314.1).
Missouri quarterback Chase Daniel finished fourth in the Heisman Trophy balloting in 2007, when Christensen masterminded an offense that scored a school-record 558 points, far surpassing the previous Missouri single-season record of 399 points. Also that season, tight end Martin Rucker and first-year student wide receiver Jeremy Maclin were Consensus first-team All-America selections, marking the first time Missouri had two Consensus first-team All-Americans in the same season. Senior center Adam Spieker was named a finalist for the Rimington Award, which honors the nation's best center.
In 2008, the A.P. No. 19-ranked Tigers (No. 16 Coaches' poll) finished fourth in the nation in passing offense (330.4 yards per game), No. 6 in scoring offense (42.2) and No. 8 in total offense (484.1).
That season, the Tigers again had two Consensus first-team All-Americans in Maclin and tight end Chase Coffman. Coffman also won the 2008 John Mackey Award as the nation's top tight end, while Maclin was a finalist for the Biletnikoff Award, which honors the nation's top wide receiver.
The Tigers were nationally ranked offensively throughout Christensen's tenure as the offensive coordinator, which followed a successful stint at Toledo. During their nine years as a Toledo assistant (the last four as the offensive coordinator), the Rockets set numerous school records on offense while winning one Mid-American Conference championship and two MAC West titles (tying for another).
After 24 years as a college assistant coach--he also had stints at Western Washington (1983), Washington (1988-89, graduate assistant) and Idaho State (1990-91)--Christensen was appointed head coach at Wyoming in December of 2008. They led Wyoming to a bowl game in their first season--only the second Cowboy head coach to accomplish that feat--and is the only UW coach to win a bowl game in their first season. The Cowboys defeated Fresno State, 35-28 in double overtime, in the 2009 New Mexico Bowl.
After a 3-9 season in 2010, Christensen enjoyed their best season as a head coach in 2011 when they led Wyoming to a third-place finish in the Mountain West Conference behind No. 6 Boise State and No. 13 TCU and was named MWC Coach of the Year.
They concluded their tenure at Wyoming with a 27-35 overall mark after 4-8 and 5-7 finishes in 2012 and 2013.
As an undergraduate, Christensen played offensive line at Washington from 1980-82. They earned a bachelor's degree from Western Washington in 1985 and a master's degree from Eastern Washington in 1988.
Improve Attractiveness with Body Language
Lindsey By
|
Actions speak louder than wordsâ?¦ no really. According to todayâ??s infographic from 100 Best Dating Sites, this adage is especially true at the start of a romantic relationship. Small non-verbal cuesâ??a smile, length of eye contact, and postureâ??communicate more to potential romantic interests than that clever line carefully mined from a Hugh Grant flick (though that never hurts).
The infographic dissects several ways the body communicates and gives some hints for both women and men. Regardless of gender, â??crinkly eyedâ? smiles are considered sincerer, and the 0.5 second smile effectively bridges the gap between smirking and faking. The infographic also gives tips on appearing more confident.
Whether you are a master of first impressions or your pick-up routine leaves something to be desired, approximately 55% of communication is made before you say anything; effectively master the art of body language and your interpersonal interactions just might improve. [Best Dating Sites]
Lindsey
11.8k
by
Welcome to Superstore Supercon. Buy one, get two free. False promises and crushed hope that is.
From the people that brought the world the wonders of Agent Orange, aspartame, PCB, DDT, dioxin and various other completely harmless poisons, we bring you… cola in a can. That's right. Monstersanto is now available in a can. And to mark the launch, the price is even lower than the morality of it all. Impossible you might think, but we've managed it!
Open the ring pull. Feel the spray. Taste the PR. It's so refreshingly cheap. Monstersanto Cola is full of promise. It makes crops big and strong. More growth, less input. Less input, cheaper costs. And it's as safe as houses. About as safe as a debt-bubble sub-prime market.
Just drink it in and hope for the best. After all, that's what you already do with our other completely safe and healthy product Roundup. It's everywhere – in the air, in the rivers and in your urine.
But you can trust us. We ‘test' everything in our lab. We tell the regulatory agencies it is all fine. They take our self-promoting word for it and pass it on to you. Our products are science free! So you see there's no need for those pesky independent tests that those whiners, hippies and scare mongers are always shouting about. What could possibly go wrong?
Swallow the lies, feel the fizz.
Keep telling yourself that it all sounds good and eventually it may, in a sort of sickly-sweet way. It's definitely an acquired taste. Some spit it out immediately, claiming it to be poisonous, but others swallow it whole and are hooked.
Warning: slight aftertaste – our products are a threat to health and ensure more pest damage, greater weed production, poisoned rivers and fewer pollinators. But hey, precautionary principle? Everything involves risk in life, so don't worry. Sit back and enjoy.
And there is a special message for farmers.
If anything should go wrong (not that it ever should, could or ever will), again don't worry. Our boys and girls in the panic management department – sorry, we mean R&D – are always on hand to confuse you – sorry again, we mean inform you – with a never-ending stream of ‘innovations'. After all, what else would we rather be spending our money on than a series of failing soon-to-be-obsolete innovations to be replaced with more destined to fail soon-to-obsolete innovations? Bigger promises, better promises, more promises. Bigger, better, more. We mean profit margins of course.
And as an added courtesy, we are extending an open hand of friendship to everyone. We are having an open day. So if you want to know more about us, just come along to our new office in revolving door city. We get closer to your elected officials so we can get closer to you. What could be cozier? Be careful though. Don't lose your perspective and go slipping on our newly polished smear-ridden floor. One or two scientists have already slipped ‘by accident', if you know what we mean. We wouldn't want the same to happen to you now, would we?
After drinking Monstersanto Cola, you may just be inspired to round up some Roundup and swig back a litre or two to remove any aftertaste. Some PR man claims you can drink a ‘whole quart' of it. We would really like them to try. No aftertaste guaranteed! Coming soon to a country near you – Monstersanto Cola. Thanks to the TTIP (and other seedy backroom trade and intimidation deals), we guarantee it.
Before sipping at the Monstersanto trough, however, please read the small print: our products contain cutting edge bullshit. But we think you already know that.
In India, a particular brand of cola (one of the ‘big two') says on the bottle “Contains no fruit products” or words to this effect. Void of any positive substance. We aim to emulate. But what our cola lacks in taste or substance, though, it more than makes up for with a killer punch.
Live life to the max… while you still can.
The Olympics are long gone, a symbol of a summer that has faded into the forgotten rearview as we fix our eyes on a fall of football. Usain Bolt, on the other hand, continues to outlast our short memories.
The legendary Jamaican track star, who won three golds for the third straight Olympics in Rio, is soon to retire from international competitions and may be looking for new athletic ventures. Apparently, NFL teams are interested in their services.
On Friday's edition of The Dan Patrick Show, Bolt explained that they have been contacted by certain franchises about playing wide receiver, but has declined any and all offers.
"I've never really thought about going," Bolt told Patrick, "but I've gotten offers, and people have asked me."
So Bolt to the Shield is probably off the table. But let's have our imaginations run wild.
Bolt stands at six-foot-five and 207 pounds; for comparison, Jets wideout Brandon Marshall, one of the league's tallest and most physical wideouts, is six-foot-four and 230 pounds. When completely healthy, Bolt can run a 9.58 100-meter dash. However, their 40-time is around 4.64, an average mark for a wide receiver coming out of the draft. (With adjustments for reaction time, running surface, etc., Bolt's time would actually be 4.20 seconds.)
Bolt has the height and speed to be a deep threat for someone like Robert Griffin III or Joe Flacco, who have taken a liking to tossing up jump balls. However, they don't have the body, or the experience with the physicality in the league, to withstand hits across the middle. It's easier to outpace Justin Gatlin for 10 seconds than to deal with Richard Sherman and Kam Chancellor for 40 snaps per game, and even Bolt recognizes that.
"I used to watch [football] when I was younger, and the hits that the guys used to take," Bolt continued. "I know that it is not as bad now, but the hits that the guys would take kind of turned me off."
For what it's worth, one of the most physical receivers in the league, Julio Jones, also thinks the Bolt-to-NFL nonsense is unwarranted.
"You've got to have that burst to get going. Like Justin Gatlin," Jones explained in August. "Justin Gatlin gets out quick. There's like a bunch of Justin Gatlins in football. They get to that speed quick and they can catch it before you open up. So it would be hard for Bolt to really pull away from guys in football."
That's right. Take your slow-starting, showboating shtick elsewhere, Bolt! Or come to the NFL and bring your outsized spirit and electric smile to our stadia. Either or. We're waiting.
