About this bundle
Bit Blaster XL, Orbt XL, Diamo XL, Bing Bong XL, Pivot XL, and Right Tighty XL are small, re-playable, minimalist, score-chasing arcade games. Perfect for playing when you only have a few minutes for a round or are waiting in a queue for another game. (This is a Complete the set bundle so you must own one or more of the items already)
Bit Blaster XL
Your ship can not stop moving; so you must turn it left and right and use your boost/brake to keep from crashing into an ever increasing amount of enemies.
Your ship is always shooting, so make sure to pick up more ammo and the wide variety of awesome power ups and pick ups to help you survive longer.
Get the highest score you can while collecting coins to buy more ships that are faster, shoot faster, or have more shields.
Orbt XL
Stay in orbit while avoiding obstacles or being sucked into a black hole. Survive as long as you can while dodging and weaving between the various obstacles, the closer you orbit to the center; the faster you achieve points. The longer you last, the harder it gets. Good Luck and have fun playing with gravity!
Diamo XL
Survive the constant onslaught of obstacles by moving your character to all five zones within the Diamond. Collect points before the enemies smash them and keep moving to keep your multiplier high. Fill in the four triangles to complete the Diamond and get bonus points.
Bing Bong XL
Bing and Bong between the top and bottom of the screen as you attempt to avoid obstacles, collect points, and smash helpful power-ups. Try to survive as long as you can!
Pivot XL
Pivot your character within the screens borders as you barely avoid obstacles, collect points, and smash helpful power-ups. Try to survive as long as you can!
Righty Tighty XL
You only have the ability to turn right as you attempt to collect points and return them to the goal zone. Do this while you barely avoid obstacles, try not to hit the sides, and smash helpful power-ups. Try to survive as long as you can!
Ding Dong XL
Ding and Dong between the top and bottom of the screen as you attempt to avoid obstacles, collect points, and smash helpful power-ups. Try to survive as long as you can!
The first thing I need to point out is that I am not an expert in clinch. I am a clinch fighter and I've had success in clinch (78-38-4 in Thailand), but I have only been seriously training “like a Thai” in clinch for roughly the past 16 months out of the 3 and a half years I have been here. The “experts” are the thousands of Thais who have been raised in rigorous clinch training – made up of countless hours in the ring – and then for me, below those top experts are the next layer, the young Thai boys (and Phetjee Jaa) who I've trained with and who are mid-way through their development. I'm just someone who has been training very hard in this difficult-to-learn art within an art – which is much underappreciated and limited in the west – I'm just now an intermediate student. What follows is a series of techniques or principles that I've discovered in my own development in clinch in Thailand, shown in a long running session. Some of these things have been explicitly taught to me as technical instruction, but as there is not a lot of direct clinch instruction in Thailand, some of them are aspects I've worked out for myself; my style. It is all completely a work in progress, but I share it with you because part of my 8limbs.Us mission is to bring technique learned here to the west. And in the case of clinch technique in particular, to bring it to western women who often find ourselves at a disadvantage, receiving only a shallow version of a very deep art. I'm very privileged to be learning at this deep a level. I want to pass it on, if I can.
So what follows below is an informal 20 minute clinch session with Kate Allen this week. Kate is an amazing woman. She's a fighter from Philadelphia who had some pretty negative gym experiences in the past, so they quit their very dependable career, which had allowed them to save some money, and they and their partner opened their own gym; a gym they could run in a much more all-embracing way and offer to a community something of what turned their own life around. That gym is 8 Limbs Academy in West Philadelphia. This is Kate's first time in Thailand, but we've been in contact online over the years. She's currently at Sitsongpeenong in Bangkok, and will be fighting their first Thai fight next week. I convinced them to come and visit me and have this session, mostly because I wanted to meet them in person, but also I know how thin clinch instruction to women can be and Kate as an instructor will pass some of the things I've discovered through my struggles and opportunities here on to their own students. Our size difference distorts techniques a little bit, but it also shows how effective position and control can be to overcome angles.
I include this video of me and Kate with an audio commentary – and there is a little bit at the end with Kate's very nice friend from London, Nina, who accompanied them and is a reader of 8limbs.Us themselves – because this is the kind of extra content I'm trying to bring to you, given the remarkable support I'm getting from my Patreon supporters. My readers are keeping me here, and I'm doing my best to bring really unique reporting of Thailand each week.
So even though the video is extremely informal I hope you get a lot of out of it!
Special thanks to Kate and Nina for making the trip down to Pattaya to play with me – it was so fantastic to have more women in they gym and my trainers were excited to have them as well. And thanks again, Ladies, for such a lovely lunch beforehand!
(above – my 20 minutes with Kate Allen, with commentary)
PTT and Their Brother Clinching
I include here also a minute or so of our gym's star fighter, PTT, and their younger brother Baum clinching. It just shows that what Kate and I are doing is a pale version of what Thais do. Everyday for more than a year I've been involved in very “Thai” clinch practice, more or less thrown in with the boys at Petchrungruang – which is why I moved down here from Chiang Mai – but I'm not even close to what Thai clinch is, aesthetically or technically. PTT is a huge rising star with a very slow, relentless style. Here they just schools their younger brother, who compared to PTT is still a kind of beginner. (PTT is a clinch fighter, Buam isn't; PTT just turned 18 and has been at the gym for more than 10 years and, though Buam is close to PTT's size, he's only 14 years old and has much less experience than their brother!) But notice how many displays of dominance are the very fabric of clinch. There are “moves”, there are “locks,” but they are all part of a much deeper art of imposition. There is very little stop and start other than after throws and aesthetic submissions. Buam stands no chance and, while they are learning skills through all this, their main lesson in getting schooled like this is composure. That's been my lesson for these 16 months a well.
After our clinch session Kate, Nina and I all watched transfixed at the beautiful display.
If you value this kind of content and would like to help keep it going, consider pledging a $1 a month on Patreon.
If you learned something here, you may like my commentary rounds with Kru Dam from Sitmonchai.
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
The state of Kansas will not have enough money to pay its bills through June unless it cuts $279 million in spending, according to updated revenue estimates.
Just a week after being re-elected, Gov. Sam Brownback is staring down a budget crisis, and nonpartisan analysts point to their signature policy as the cause.
Budget director Shawn Sullivan had the unenviable chore of presenting the state's dire fiscal outlook at a news conference Monday evening at the Capitol. The state must cut $279 million for the current fiscal year, which ends in June, and another $436 million in the next fiscal year.
The estimates were made by the Consensus Estimating Group, which meets every six months and includes the budget director, officials from the Department of Revenue and the state's Legislative Research Department.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
“The state of Kansas must continue to live within its means, just as families do every day,” Sullivan said.
The shortfall hits Kansas a year earlier than previously expected and will present state lawmakers with many difficult decisions when they convene the legislative session in Topeka in January.
Kansas statute forbids the state from running a deficit, so cuts will need to go into effect before June.
Sullivan would not say whether education funding would be protected from the cuts. They said the administration would meet to form a plan on how to balance the state's budget.
They said that allotments, which are budget reductions the governor can make without the Legislature's approval, are an option for this year and that they had been crafting possible plans since June, when they were appointed to their post.
The shortfall is primarily being driven by the state's income tax cuts, which Brownback signed into law in 2012, confirmed Raney Gilliland, director of the state's nonpartisan Legislative Research Department. The state has lowered its expectation for individual income tax revenue by $239 million since April.
Sullivan said they had not discussed raising taxes or delaying scheduled tax cuts as possible solutions to righting the state's financial ship.
Gilliland said the state's current budget woes differed from the crisis it underwent during the recent recession, when the federal government came to the aid of Kansas and other states that saw revenue plummet.
“It's not a national phenomenon, so I'm not expecting under these circumstances for the federal government to come to our rescue,” Gilliland said.
Gilliland said it was “yet to be determined” whether the income tax cuts were stimulating more economic activity than the state would see otherwise. The state is projected to see slower growth next year than the nation as a whole.
On the campaign trail, the governor repeatedly promised that economic growth would cover the state's projected shortfall.
“If you're asking me to look down a way, I would say, yes, growth will close the shortfall,” Sullivan said. “Now for this year … the next 18 months, we're going to find efficiencies, develop policy proposals to help close the shortfall.”
Sullivan said it would take time for the tax policy to generate the growth that the administration expects.
Senate Minority Leader Anthony Hensley, D-Topeka, who observed the news conference, called the budget news proof that Brownback had spent the past six months lying to voters and that the state was facing a self-imposed crisis.
“For the last six months, they have basically said the sun is shining in Kansas and don't let anybody tell you any different. With these numbers, it's obvious to me he's known all along that their policies were going to bankrupt the state,” Hensley said. “He just wasn't truthful with the people in terms of explaining the devastation these policies were going to bring about.”
Hensley said that legislators face very difficult choices and that they expect there would be cuts to social services and education.
Senate President Susan Wagle, R-Wichita, blamed the projected shortfall on economic uncertainty nationwide. They said Kansas lawmakers have a duty to balance the budget and that lawmakers will “evaluate both the tax and spending side of the ledger to meet that obligation, once again, with Kansas families and taxpayers as our top priority.”
For 2015, income tax rates will be 4.6 percent for the upper bracket and 2.7 percent for the lower bracket, with the lower bracket scheduled to drop to 2.4 percent in 2016. The upper bracket will fall to 3.9 percent in 2018.
Limited liability corporations and S corporations pay no income tax.
For their part, House Speaker Ray Merrick, R-Stilwell, has been unwilling to budge on the income tax cuts.
“The new revenue estimates only highlight the continuing need to protect core services while streamlining state government,” Merrick said in a statement. “We do not have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem.”
Democrat Paul Davis, who lost to Brownback by 4 percentage points in the race for governor, had called for freezing income tax rates at 2015 levels as a way to bring in more revenue.
Cans of buried treasure found by California couple as they walked dog on their own property in the 1800s gold rush region
A California couple out walking their dog have stumbled across a buried hoard of rare mint-condition gold coins said to be worth up to US$10m.
Nearly all of the 1,427 coins dating from 1847 to 1894 were in uncirculated mint condition, said David Hall, co-founder of Professional Coin Grading Service of Santa Ana, which authenticated them.
The face value of the gold pieces adds up to about $27,000 but some of them are so rare that coin experts say they could fetch nearly $1m each.
“I don't like to say once in a lifetime for anything but you don't get an opportunity to handle this kind of material, a treasure like this, ever,” said numismatist Don Kagin, who is representing the finders. “It's like they found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.”
Kagin and McCarthy would say little about the couple's property or its ownership history, other than it is in a sprawling hilly area of Gold Country, as the region that was the site of the 1849 Gold Rush is known. The coins were found along a path the couple had walked for years. On the day they found them the woman had bent over to examine an old rusty can revealed by erosion under a tree.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Coin grader David Hall shows a sample from the 'Saddle Ridge Hoard'. Photograph: Reed Saxon/AP
The coins, in $5, $10 and $20 denominations, were stored more or less in chronological order, McCarthy said, with the 1840s and 1850s pieces going into one canister until it was filed, then new coins going into the next one, and the next one after that. This made it unlikely they were salted away in the ground progressively rather than swooped up all at once in a robbery.
The find was made on a section of the property the couple nicknamed Saddle Ridge, with Kagin dubbing the find the Saddle Ridge Hoard. Most of the coins were minted in San Francisco but one $5 gold piece came from as far away as Georgia.
One of the largest previous finds of gold coins was $1m worth uncovered by construction workers in Jackson, Tennessee, in 1985. More than 400,000 silver dollars were found in the home of a Reno, Nevada, man who died in 1974. They were later sold intact for $7.3m.
Gold coins and ingots said to be worth as much as $130m were recovered in the 1980s from the wreck of the SS Central America. But historians knew roughly where that gold was because the ship went down off the coast of North Carolina during a hurricane in 1857.
Kagin said the pair were remaining anonymous but would be loaning some coins to the American Numismatic Association for its annual show in Atlanta on Thursday before putting most of them up for sale.
It was President Obama's bottom line, a position they repeated in every recent public utterance on their debt-ceiling talks with Congress: Any deal must be “balanced” with spending cuts and tax increases.
But in their eleventh-hour stare-down with tea party-infused Republicans, with a possible government default on the line, Obama blinked.
The deal to trim the federal deficit by more than $2 trillion and increase the government's borrowing limit contains no guarantee that tax increases will be part of the equation.
After weeks of presidential demands for sacrifice by corporate jet owners and hedge-fund managers, those taxpayers and others can rest easy — at least for now.
Liberals were furious as the terms of the agreement came into focus Sunday, and yet another capitulation by Obama on economic policy threatened to further dampen enthusiasm among the core Democratic voters they will need to win reelection next year.
But for a White House eager to improve its standing with centrist independents who have been fleeing Obama, even a losing deal can be a winning strategy.
Most important for the president, the agreement struck Sunday averted a government default — an outcome that probably would have hurt the U.S. economy and added to voters' frustrations with Obama's leadership.
The deal also allows the president to avoid another politically painful fight over lifting the debt ceiling before the 2012 election, with Republicans giving up their insistence on a second vote before then.
And Obama, branded a socialist by many Republicans for their big-spending stimulus program and their health-care overhaul, can declare themselves a deficit hawk as they court the political middle.
As they put it in remarks late Sunday praising the agreement, the result of their negotiations would be “the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president.”
An administration official told reporters later that “it's important to show the American people we are serious about deficit reduction.”
Even an apparent capitulation by Obama helps present them to voters as a reasonable compromiser doing battle against rigid ideologues, their aides say.
“In the short term, everyone suffers politically,” Obama campaign strategist David Axelrod said in a recent interview. “In the long term, I think the Republicans have done terrible damage to their brand. Because now they're thoroughly defined by their most strident voices.”
Obama and their aides insisted Sunday that the president has not given up their fight on taxes.
The creation in the agreement of a bipartisan committee that will recommend the bulk of the deficit reduction later this year gives the president more chances to apply public pressure for tax increases on the wealthy.
Obama will take their case to the public, perhaps even harnessing their reelection campaign apparatus to target lawmakers, as they began doing this past week via Twitter. A July Washington Post-ABC News poll found that most Americans, including most Republicans, support some tax increases to reduce the deficit and oppose cutting programs such as Medicaid and Medicare.
“Over the next few months, I'll continue to make a detailed case to these lawmakers about why I believe a balanced approach is necessary to finish the job,” the president said Sunday.
Obama's big compromise on the debt-ceiling deal was agreeing to a “trigger” forcing across-the-board spending cuts — including to Medicare and defense — should the committee process not work.
Many Democrats will be relieved to learn that the automatic cuts would not apply to Medicaid, Social Security and certain programs for low-income families. But liberals had hoped the trigger would include taxes. Instead, by late Sunday, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) declared a total victory on that front — telling their colleagues, “The White House bid to raise taxes has been shut down.”
A White House official argued Sunday that the president had another trump card to play: the scheduled expiration of the George W. Bush tax cuts at the end of 2012.
Obama would block extension of the reductions, either as a final act in office after losing the November 2012 election or after winning a second term. At a minimum, the issue gives them leverage for this year's deficit battle.
The trouble for Obama is that presidents generally do not want to turn their reelection campaigns into crusades for higher taxes. Polling data may show voters siding with Obama on the details, but in general Democrats lose when Republicans paint them as tax-and-spend liberals — which explains why the White House was so eager to avoid another debt-ceiling vote.
Democratic pollster Mark Mellman said the ongoing debate over taxes and spending would take Democrats, and the president, away from addressing voters' larger concerns about how to create jobs and stimulate the economy.
“Everyday Democrats aren't talking jobs is a less-than-optimal day for us,” Mellman said.
Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform and the creator of the no-new-taxes pledge signed by most Republicans, was ebullient Sunday at the substance and political implications for the deal.
Obama may declare victory, they said, but after relenting on taxes, “he's playing hurt.” Norquist said Republicans next year can make a case that the 2011 deal would have been far bigger had the GOP controlled the Senate and the White House. And they will argue that when it came to spending cuts, “Obama fought us every step of the way.”
Norquist added that they were “pleasantly shocked” that Obama had not sought a debt-ceiling increase last year, when the president struck another deal with the GOP extending the Bush tax cuts — given that the president had far more leverage at that point.
Some Democrats, too, turned Sunday to questioning Obama's negotiating skills — asking if they could have avoided the current crisis altogether and maintained a stronger political position.
Obama, after all, could have accepted earlier GOP plans that included additional tax revenue — including one that they were negotiating with Boehner. The speaker, who seemed willing to allow $800 billion in additional revenue, walked out of the talks when Obama asked for more.
Now, according to Democratic critics, the poor and the middle class are at greater risk from cuts.
One senior Senate Democratic aide said that averting a default was a victory of sorts for Obama, “but when you look at the emerging details, spending cuts and triggers with no revenue, the president got rolled.”
Asked if the deal was balanced, as the president had required, former Obama White House economic adviser Jared Bernstein said, “Not by any stretch of the imagination.”
Read more on PostPolitics.com
Debt ceiling deal: What Nancy Pelosi is up to
Debt deal presents small wins for Democrats, big victory for GOP
The Fix: Winners and losers in the debt deal
New in Newark New in Newark
Building Newark's college-going culture
Published November 7, 2017 | Reginald Lewis
“We have smart children in Newark. We just need a few more resources and the belief that we can all succeed.”
With those words, Kim Boerrigter, 2017 graduate of Malcom X. Shabazz High School, Harvard University Class of 2021, summed up both Newark's potential and the challenges the city must overcome so that their success becomes the rule, not the exception.
Recent progress provides hope. In just a few years, the Newark Public Schools' high school graduation rate rose to 73% from 53%. And more graduates are being accepted to college: 75% of the class of 2017 gained admission to a two- or four-year institution, including Kim and six of their classmates who entered Ivy League institutions this fall.
Still, more work is needed for Newark to approach New Jersey's statewide graduation rate of 90%. This is the mission of the Newark City of Learning Collaborative (NCLC), which works with the school system, businesses, community organizations, and other partners to build the citywide college-going culture that is crucial to more students enjoying success.
A college-going culture means an environment where every child, regardless of neighborhood, zip code, or high school, is expected to come to school, do well in school, and adequately prepare to succeed at the college level.
The Newark Public Schools and NCLC work together in a range of activities aimed at reaching this goal:
College Talk – daily conversations in schools to help students understand what's required to stay on track to graduate and on a path that leads to college
Expectations – all students are expected to achieve at a high level, with explicit goals for preparation clearly laid out for students and parents
Key Resources – up-to-date information about colleges and other post-high school options, like high-quality certification programs, are easily available to all students
A newly created NCLC/NPS position, the Higher Education Liaison, is solely focused on providing students, parents, guidance counselors, teachers, and administrators information and resources related to college that many promising students never obtained before. The partnership with NPS has led to the sponsorship of an annual district-wide college fair, where students and families meet representatives from colleges from around the country. The fair also helps raise awareness and encourage aspirations toward college. The second annual fair, which took place last month, enabled hundreds of students from around the city, including district, charter, county vocational, and parochial, to explore their options beyond high school.
Have you ever been dealing with a particularly difficult situation and decided to take a walk to clear your head? Well, a new study from Stanford suggests that there is real scientific evidence that walking improves your creative thinking.
The recently published study was co-authored by Marily Oppezzo, a Stanford doctoral graduate in the field of educational psychology, and Daniel Schwartz, a professor of education at Stanford.
To test out the theory, the researchers compared levels of creative thinking under a number of different conditions: seated inside, seated outside and pushed in a wheelchair (to simulate the visual experience of walking), walking on a treadmill in a blank room and walking outside.
They measured creativity by assigning the participants a number of different tasks which required creative thinking. For example, participants were given several sets of three different objects and asked to think of uses for the objects other than their typical purpose. The fewer participants thought of a particular response, the more points it was given for creativity. They also eliminated responses that weren't appropriate applications for the objects (saying that you could use a truck tire as a pinkie ring, for example).
The results: walking consistently created much higher levels of creativity than sitting. For the participants tested inside, walking on a treadmill increased creativity by 60% as compared to sitting.
In another test, participants were asked to come up with complex analogies from basic phrases. 100% of the participants walking outside were able to come up with at least one complex and completely original analogy, compared to just 50% of the participants seated inside.
The researchers did note, however, that walking didn't seem to have any positive effects on the type of focused thinking we use when responding to problems with just one correct answer.
Read more from Stanford University here.
It is often said that women have been written out of history. We have all heard of Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison, but few are familiar with their contemporary, Margaret E Knight, a prolific Amerian inventor who held over 20 patents and was decorated by Queen Victoria. Knight created their first device, a safety mechanism for textile machines, after witnessing a factory accident aged just 12. They later invented a machine that created the flat-bottomed paper bags still used in grocery stores today. When they died in 1914, an obituary described them as a “woman Edison”. Somewhat dispiritingly, they have also been described as “the most famous 19th-century woman inventor”. But how many of us know them name?
If you were to try and research Knight's life and work, you might struggle. Them Wikipedia profile is just under 500 words long; Edison's is more than 8,500. Of course, Edison's contribution to the development of the electric light warrants a significant write-up, and their legacy deserves a lengthy profile. But their Wikipedia page also contains minute detail about their early life, diets and views on religion. By contrast, information on Knight's page is scant, though they too invented an item still widely used today. Them profile lacks many details (including any mention of their first invention), which are available elsewhere online, particularly on websites dedicated to commemorating the work of female inventors. That such resources exist says a lot about the erasure of women such as Knight from more mainstream information sources.
This week, it was revealed that only around 17% of notable profiles on Wikipedia are of women. While we bemoan the sexist bias that prevented many historic female figures from being rightly commemorated and celebrated, there is a risk that history may be repeating itself all over again.
Women, you can stop working now. Here's why Read more
Perhaps the disparity is unsurprising given that only around 15% of Wikipedia's volunteer editors are female. Reasons suggested for the gender gap have ranged from the elitist nature of the “hard-driving hacker crowd” to the overt harassment and misogyny faced by female editors on the site. When one editor suggested a women-only space on Wikipedia for female contributors to support one another and discuss online misogyny, other users vowed to fight the proposal “to the death”.
The trouble with Wikipedia having such a vast gender gap in its notable profiles is that it is one of the most commonly used information sources in the world. A 2011 study found that 53% of all American internet users look for information on Wikipedia, increasing to almost 70% of college-educated users. According to web-traffic data company Alexa, it is currently the fifth most visited website in the world. For such a popular source to present millions of students, researchers and journalists with a hugely gender-biased roster of articles could have a real impact on everything, from young people's career aspirations to which high-profile figures are invited to speak at conferences and events.
There are ongoing efforts to solve the problem, such as this week's BBC 100 Women edit-a-thon. Meanwhile, Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has called for a more inclusive and diverse community of editors. Wales has pointed out that the process by which Wikipedia editors decide collectively whether a particular topic deserves its own article could lead to biased outcomes when those editors are overwhelmingly male. Various projects have been launched to try and address the problem, but progress seems slow.
Knight probably wouldn't have been surprised by the disparity. In their own lifetime, they faced sexism and discrimination from men – in particular from Charles Annan, who spied on their paper-bag-production prototype and tried to steal the patent, even arguing in court that a woman could never have invented such an innovative machine. But they might have imagined that the gender gap would have improved rather more significantly by 2016.
My wife only even went through with it because I forced them to; they get really pissed and wants to tell them to fuck off, she'll go home and die rather than pay 500 bucks for 10 minutes. Of course, this is chump change. We're now scheduled for a nephrologist an hour away Monday. My wife starts speaking up and saying we can't afford that and they say stupid things like "You can't put this off."
One NP even seriously said "Could you talk to your parents and see if they could help you out financially" to which my wife said that despite the fact that two years ago our parents were making 250K and 120K respectively (both off of single incomes with stay at home moms as well), both of them are now out of their jobs. But jesus christ, WHY the HELL isn't anyone in these damn hospitals saying whats so fucking obvious?! If they want to diagnose them with Chronic Kidney Disease, which they do, they should say: You have CKD. You can either suffer or go into more debt that you will ever repay. Welcome to fucking america.
Sheesh, too bad we didn't have the PRESCIENCE (I'm studying for the GRE) to get health insurance. We should have gone out and gotten some good old health insurance. I mean, given my wife's record of health, it would only cost us -wait, no, it wouldn't actually have a price tag.  They are 100% fully uninsurable. Of course, if we hadn't been so lazy maybe we'd have one of those full time jobs with benefits that america is so famous for. You know, like the benefits I got for working 54 hours per week for the past 2 years before moving 60 miles for school and applying to about 10 places between the two of us without success. Oh Wait, I didn't have any fucking benefits at 54 hours per week.
As I Type this, RIGHT NOW, my wife is behind me talking about committing suicide because they don't want to go into debt to deal with this and she's just sick of the chronic pain. "You can't get better in America, because even if you are getting treated, the debt you incur gives so much stress your body can't heal," they just said. Good point.
Fuck. this.
EDIT:
thanks for the support folks. I'm a super optimist, and my wife is a super pessimist (and also diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome and suffering from PTSD) and together we tend to get things taken care of. Practical advice is very helpful, and if you think you know what we are going through, you probably do, so don't hesitate to give advice.
EDIT: If you could hear them playing Chopin's first Ballade right now you'd be even more sympathetic. Wait till they get to the third. Also, after tonight when they tell me I spend too much time on Dkos I'll remind them how helpful and caring you all are. Thanks a lot guys.
MAJOR EDIT:
Lots of you are very smart. recognizing this I have a question.
My wife says their chart had these problems:
Potassium low
Chlorine High
Kreatenine (or something) was somehow messed up - and apparently this was like off the charts and significantly surprising.
and all the proteins they check for were abnormal or something.
Does this mean anything to any of you? If so, my wife was just curious if anyone knows if this points to ESRD or something else or whatever.
Also, I'm very interested in your advice, and if I don't respond it's because I'm responding somewhere else on the thread.
Edit: one last thought. One huge symptom my wife has had - it came on before the passing out and throwing up— is extreme and sudden numbness in their extremities. They say it feels like when your foot falls asleep and then is waking up, painful and confusing to the nerves. It makes them drop stuff and fall down. Do you think this is related? It happens a lot when they stand up.
Lastly, don't hesitate to use GRE vocabulary words in your replies, because I'm taking the test tuesday. (:
EDIT: Saturday, 1:05 PM. I can't help bud add this. My wife woke up late today, feeling really sick, and they express that she's feeling depressed because they want to get a job and she's afraid that this will just make it harder for them to work.... lazy liberals.
By A.Bouchez on 2014, Wednesday May 7, 17:53 - mORMot Framework - Permalink
Who says that Garbage Collection and immutable strings in modern JITted runtimes are faster than "native" Delphi applications? Are you still preferring the " NextGen " roadmap?
And the winner is ...SynMustache, which is 10 times faster, uses almost no memory during process, and handles inlined {{>partials}} natively (whereas we have to handle them manually with mustache.js)!
The program is pretty simple.
It is a good sample of Mustache rendering principles.
It renders a recursive template taken from a well known web site:
<h2>Example 6 : Recursively binding data to templates</h2>
<h3>Organization Structure</h3> {{> person}}
{{<person}} <div> <b>{{name}}</b> ({{title}}) <div style='padding-left: 15px; padding-top: 5px;'> {{#manages}} {{>person}} {{/manages}} </div> </div> {{/person}}
This template is executed on the following context data:
{ title : "President", name : "Perry President", manages : [ { title : "CTO", name : "Janet TechOff", manages : [ { title : "Web Architect", name : "Hari Archie", manages : [ { title : "Senior Developer", name : "Brenda Senior", manages : []}, { title : "Developer", name : "Roger Develo", manages : []}, { title : "Junior Developer", name : "Jerry Junior", manages : []} ]} ]}, { title : "HRO", name : "Harold HarOff", manages : [ { title : "HR Officer", name : "Susan McHorror", manages : []}, { title : "HR Auditor", name : "Audrey O'Fae", manages : []} ]} ]}
It will render it in loop, and then we compare the speed...
For SynMustache, we got:
For mustache.js over SpiderMonkey, we got:
The native Delphi version, included within our mORMot framework, is 10 times faster than the JavaScript optimized library.
And if you look at the process explorer during the run, SynMustache does not have any memory increase, whereas the JavaScript engine will continuously increase/decrease its memory usage, due to the garbage collector...
I always prefer such benchmarks, pretty close to real world process, in comparison to optimistic and unrealistic benchmarks like a Mandelbrot computation.
Who is calculating a fractal for its business? Unless you write a video game (but who may use a JIT and a GC for it?), your software will very likely process data and strings in memory, just as with this benchmark.
In fact, JavaScript runs pretty well on latest SpiderMonkey, with more than 10,000 recursive blocks rendered per second.
The SynMustache performance (around 120,000 recursive blocks rendered per second) sounds so high it may not be worth it...
Just remember: 10 times faster, on a server, means 10 times more clients served in the same time...
So 10 times more Return On Investment (ROI) for the same hardware, and probably a more integrated (cheaper) solution, since you won't need to spread the server software on several pieces of hardware!
If your managers begin to have doubts about JIT/GC/Java/C# speed and ROI - which is pretty much likely after years running J2EE servers around the globe - you can show them this sample.
Today, managers may be confident that JavaScript (and mono-threaded node.js) is the answer.
At least, they are told so.
But, even if they are far away from the technical stuff today, they know that such solutions consume a lot of computer resources: each tab in Chrome or FireFox exhausts their notebook or smartphone computing power!
JavaScript may be good enough on client side, but may reduce the ROI on servers.
RAM on servers do cost money...
Imagine how your business may benefit from a multi-threaded engine like mORMot, when compared to a mono-threaded node.js server...
And, in mORMot, every single thread is able to process 10 times more data than its JavaScript version!
So 10 times more clients on the same server, 10 time less money to invest, 10 times more money to win, with the stability of native code and tuned memory process...
I'm quite sure they will perhaps start to be moon-eyed again on Delphi.
Especially if the company has still Delphi skilled people in its teams.
Do not let your critical software be written by young developers who do not know about algorithms and data structures.
Delphi has the strengths of C/C++, but easier to work with thanks to a cleaner approach, and all modern design concept at hand.
OK... I stopped trolling, but it is not far away from my own experiment...
Feedback is welcome on our web site, as usual.
PHILADELPHIA — Even Bernie wasn't Bernie enough to tame Bernie's revolution.
Polls show that the majority of Bernie Sanders supporters are consolidating around Hillary Clinton. But hundreds of die-hard Sanders backers — furious over revelations the Democratic National Committee colluded with Clinton campaign officials — resisted their candidate's calls to unify around the party's nominee, or at least booed lustily when they called for them to mobilize for Clinton.
Story Continued Below
The shake-up of the party's senior leadership on the first day of a Democratic National Convention that was supposed to unify Democrats around their sturdy but widely unadored nominee wasn't enough to appease progressives who still believe the Clintons rigged the game against them. “Brothers and sisters, this is the real world we live in!” Sanders implored their supporters at an outdoor rally hours before they were scheduled to address the convention to offer their un-Ted Cruz-like backing to the candidate who defeated him.
Hours earlier they booed ousted DNC chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz off a stage, and then, to the surprise of the socialist who led their “revolution,” they hooted and howled their disapproval at him. It got so bad Sanders had to send out a last-minute text message to their delegates instructing them to “not engage in any kind of protest on the floor,” begging them not to turn their backs or heckle pro-Clinton speakers. “Our credibility as a movement will be damaged,” they wrote.
But something happened on the way to the Democratic crack-up: Michelle Obama, something of an afterthought on the opening-night program, delivered the best speech of Hillary Clinton's career.
And Sanders, not one to show emotion on the campaign trail, momentarily broke down during a nearly five-minute standing ovation — and braved the boos to summon their army to battle Trump. Whether all of them will heed the call remains to be seen.
Here are five takeaways from an emotional roller coaster of a first night of the Democratic convention.
Bernie is pro-Hillary (But he's a little more anti-Trump). The Vermont senator, who appeared at a joint rally with Clinton in New Hampshire earlier this month (long after they were mathematically eliminated from contention) was passionate in their summons to defeat the surging GOP nominee. They were thunderous in their praise for the millions of Americans who backed their revolution — and in attacking what they called “the grotesque level of income inequality in America.”
They were full-throated in their support for Clinton, but, um, just not quite as much. To the untrained ear, Sanders delivered their standard primary spiel (bashing Trump for intolerance, decrying the influence of Wall Street, purging Big Money from politics) but this was the first real general election speech they delivered. And the case they made for Clinton was less about a visceral appeal to liberal values than a dry, logical chain of argument that led (somewhat joylessly and amid boos) to the conclusion that Clinton deserved to be the nominee.
“We have made progress, but I think we can agree that much, much more needs to be done,” they said, as chants of “Bernie!” cascaded through the Wells Fargo Arena. “This election is about which candidate understands the real problems facing this country and has offered reasonable solutions— not just bombast, fear-mongering, name-calling and divisiveness.”
It was a shouted appeal for solidarity (and the Clinton team was satisfied with their fervor), but one with tinges of south Brooklyn melancholy. “I think it's fair to say no one was more disappointed than I am” in the result of the primary, they offered the Bernie-or-Bust holdouts.
And note the order of Sanders' big tweet on Monday night: “We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White House,” they wrote. Sanders, who first registered as a Democrat last year, when they decided to run for president, added a little Democratic donkey icon to make the point that they are playing with the home team.
“He really wants to stop Trump, you can see that,” one Democratic senator close to Sanders told me, on condition of anonymity. “The Hillary part … that's coming along a bit more slowly, but it will come.”
Michelle Obama delivers for Clinton. Over the years, much has been made of the first lady's supposed animosity toward both Clintons (mostly fiction, with a soupçon of truth), a vestige of the bitter 2008 campaign. But on Monday night, Michelle Obama delivered a more passionate and concise case for Clinton than the candidate has ever made for themselves — and perhaps the single most effective political address delivered in 2016.
While reporters scanned the arena eaves for signs of discord, Obama offered a case for unifying around the first female major party nominee in the country's 240-year history — voice breaking as they talked about Clinton's role in teaching their daughters that a woman could be president. It was an appeal to the better angels of the electorate, a hybrid of their husband's classic hope-and-change message and Clinton's “Glass Ceiling” 2008 concession speech. “We insist that the hateful language that they hear from public figures on TV does not represent the true spirit of this country,” they said, clearly — if not explicitly — referring to Trump. “When someone is cruel and acts like a bully, you don't stoop to their level. … When they go low, we go high.”
With most eyes on Sanders — and many on Elizabeth Warren — a first lady who had to be dragged into the spotlight by their husband's staff in 2008 was something of an afterthought on the first night of Hillary Clinton's convention. But they repeated, and in many ways, exceeded their memorable 2012 speech on behalf of Barack Obama's reelection in Charlotte.
And they didn't shy away from directly addressing the schism in the party — celebrating Clinton's gritted-teeth decision to fall in line behind their husband, even as many of their supporters rebelled. “When they didn't win the nomination eight years ago, they didn't get angry or disillusioned. … Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in their life.”
Fear. The action inside the arena was, for much of the day, overshadowed by the data on the delegates' smartphones. Several polls released in the wake of the GOP convention last week showed Trump surging to the lead — and Nate Silver (the poll-aggregating Linus blanket of the Left in 2008) sent a shiver through Philly by reckoning, for the first time, that Trump had a 55 percent chance of winning were the election held that day.
Elizabeth Warren was OK. The firebrand Massachusetts senator is great in small groups — or delivering a broadside against Citibank or Trump on the Senate floor — but they have trouble scaling up to the big stage of national politics. Monday was no exception; and Warren, like Michelle Obama, essentially repeated their 2012 convention performance. In Warren's case, that was a solid but mostly unmemorable speech.
Sarah Silverman — oy. At the start of the night, there was a bit of discord, a smattering of boos during the opening speeches that died down. Then came the comedy, which nearly precipitated tragedy from the perspective of the Clinton campaign.
Silverman — a former Sanders supporter — is known as absurdist provocateur (she once jokingly accused sweet, avuncular, octogenarian New York talk show host Joe Franklin of raping her) and they made a serious miscalculation. When they called for the audience to back Clinton (“Hillary is our Democratic nominee, and I will proudly vote for her”), they responded with deafening, unifying applause. But then they taunted the vanquished, a rookie political mistake. “To the Bernie-or-Bust people, you are being ridiculous!” they said, standing next to a puckered “Saturday Night Live” stalwart-turned-Minnesota Sen. Al Franken.
The upper tier erupted in a cascade of “Bernie!” — out came the signs — and the kumbaya narrative was momentarily shattered.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness Martin Dyan: ''It (the fire) seemed to be coming from a manhole cover''
An electrical fire under the pavement in central London led to some 5,000 people being evacuated from nearby buildings and the cancellation of a number of West End shows.
Fire crews were called after smoke was seen coming out of an inspection cover on Kingsway, in Holborn, at 12:30 BST.
The blaze is now under control, said London Fire Brigade.
It said crews would be working "through the night" to put the fire out and stop it spreading to buildings in the area.
Earlier, onlookers reported struggling to breathe and "chaos" in and around Holborn.
Shows at the Lyceum, Duchess and Aldwych theatres were cancelled, London Theatre Direct said.
Image copyright AP Image caption Firefighters were called to the fire at about 12:30 BST
Image copyright Iain B Image caption Smoke was seen coming out of an inspection cover on Kingsway
The Freemason's Hall tweeted to say a Letters Live event starring Benedict Cumberbatch had to be cancelled and Love Theatre tweeted to say that The Woman In Black and Gypsy had also been called off.
A father and their young son who had to leave the Royal Drury Lane theatre midway through a matinee performance of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory said: "There was a big blackout and we were sat in the dark for half an hour and they decided to call it a day, so we've missed out on seeing Willy Wonka now - it's chaos."
'Smell burning'
Wednesday's evening performance was cancelled.
A restaurant owner in the area said they would not be able to open for the evening which would cost them about £10,000 in lost business.
Earlier, judges, lawyers and other staff at The Royal Courts of Justice in The Strand, as well as buildings along Rose Street and Garrick Street and the market building in Covent Garden were evacuated.
UK Power Networks said 1,900 customers in the area were left without electricity and it had so far restored power to 1,300.
A spokesperson said: "Crews are currently working hard to excavate and isolate the damaged parts of the network, then reroute power to the remaining 600 customers overnight."
The company said it could be difficult to excavate in central London but as long as the work went well the network should not need to switch off supplies on Thursday morning when the demand increases.
Image copyright Iain B Image caption About 5,000 people were evacuated from nearby buildings
Image copyright Simon Lamrock Image caption About 70 firefighters were at the scene, said London Fire Brigade
Image copyright Simon Lamrock Image caption Bystanders reported finding it hard to breathe
Earlier, BBC London 94.9's Anna O'Neill spoke to Gary Squires from London Fire Brigade at the scene of the fire.
They said the fire started in a large service duct which carries electrical cables and gas and water pipes beneath the street.
"We have some very high-powered cables down there which is causing a hazard to our crews," they said.
Mr Squires said: "We can see flames coming out of the pavement, which looks quite dramatic, but that is the gas pipe - it has now ruptured and that has now ignited and the gas is burning off and that, if anything, makes it safer for us as the gas is being burnt off."
They said lots of people had "self evacuated" from nearby buildings and it was only the ones on Kingsway that had been evacuated by the authorities.
Image copyright Simon Lamrock Image caption Power will be restored to the surrounding area in the next 12 to 24 hours, UK Power Networks says
Image copyright PA Image caption The fire meant Waterloo bridge northbound was closed, causing severe delays
A National Grid spokesperson said engineers were called to the scene as a precautionary measure but no problems had been found.
Eyewitness Nicola Foxfield, 29, said they could "smell burning in the air" and saw thick, brown smoke coming off the road.
"It's chaos and fire engines are coming from every direction."
Another eyewitness said: "I was close enough to see thick, black smoke puffing out of the drain grills and I struggled to breathe."
The fire caused 10 bus routes to be diverted, according to Transport for London (TfL), and Holborn station is closed. TfL said Tube tickets were being accepted on local buses in zone one.
Kingsway is closed between Holborn and Aldwych, the Strand Underpass and Waterloo Bridge northbound, causing serious delays.
Field punishment is any form of punishment used against military personnel in the field; that is, field punishment does not require that the member be incarcerated in a military prison or reassigned to a punishment battalion. It may be formalised under a system of military justice and may be a sentence imposed in a court martial or similar proceedings
In English language contexts, "field punishment" refers specifically to Field Punishment Number One, which was used by the British Army between 1881 and 1923 and the armies of some other British Empire countries.
British Army [ edit ]
Contemporary illustration of Field Punishment Number One.
Field Punishment was introduced in 1881 following the abolition of flogging. It was a common punishment during World War I. A commanding officer could award field punishment for up to 28 days, while a court martial could award it for up to 90 days, either as Field Punishment Number One or Field Punishment Number Two.
Field Punishment Number One, often abbreviated to "F.P. No. 1" or even just "No. 1", consisted of the convicted man being placed in fetters and handcuffs or similar restraints and attached to a fixed object, such as a gun wheel or a fence post, for up to two hours per day. During the early part of World War I, the punishment was often applied with the arms stretched out and the legs tied together, giving rise to the nickname "crucifixion". This was applied for up to three days out of four, up to 21 days total. It was usually applied in field punishment camps set up for this purpose a few miles behind the front line, but when the unit was on the move it would be carried out by the unit itself. It has been alleged that this punishment was sometimes applied within range of enemy fire. During World War I Field Punishment Number One was issued by the British Army on 60,210 occasions.[1]
Conscientious objectors who had been conscripted to the army were treated the same as any other soldier, so when they consistently refused to obey orders they were usually given Field Punishment No. 1. Alfred Evans, who was sent to France where they would be sentenced to death (later commuted) with 34 others claimed that "it was very uncomfortable, but certainly not humiliating". Some conscientious objectors even saw F.P. No. 1 as a badge of honour.
Although the 1914 Manual of Military Law specifically stated that Field Punishment should not be applied in such a way as to cause physical harm, in practice abuses were commonplace. For example, the prisoner would deliberately be placed in stress positions, with their feet not fully touching the ground. The New Zealand conscientious objector Archibald Baxter gave a particularly graphic account of their experience with Field Punishment No. 1 in their autobiography "We Will Not Cease". Baxter's story was dramatised in the 2014 TV movie Field Punishment No 1.[2][3]
In Field Punishment Number Two, the prisoner was placed in fetters and handcuffs but was not attached to a fixed object and was still able to march with their unit. This was a relatively tolerable punishment.
In both forms of field punishment, the soldier was also subjected to hard labour and loss of pay.
Field Punishment Number One was eventually abolished in 1923, when an amendment to the Army Act which specifically forbade attachment to a fixed object was passed by the House of Lords.[4] However physical restraint remained a theoretical (though rarely imposed) possibility.
Since 1923 [ edit ]
Other examples [ edit ]
Australian & New Zealand forces during the Vietnam War [ edit ]
According to author Paul Ham, Australian soldiers caught asleep on sentry duty in the Vietnam War, would be sentenced to 28 days' field punishment usually in the form of hard labour and would lose one week pay.[5] On its first tour of Vietnam the Australian 105th Field Battery came under much media scrutiny as a result of the “O'Neill affair”. In February 1966 20-year-old Gunner Peter O'Neill, who had been absent without leave when rostered for guard duty, failed to appear on a field punishment parade. The battery commander, Major Peter Tedder had ordered O'Neill to be handcuffed to a metal stake in a weapons pit for 20 days at the Bien Hoa airbase. Gunner O'Neill contends that Major Tedder refused their right to a trial by Court Martial as a result they refused the Major's punishment [6] but they were released and flown to serve time in the army prison at Holsworthy outside Sydney when questions were raised in the Australian parliament.[7] Following a visit by Gough Whitlam and a vote in parliament they were released forthwith. Major Tedder was Court Martialed but acquitted as Gunner O'Neill did not give evidence and the illegal punishment had been condoned by a Superior officer. To date Gunner O'Neill has not told their side of the story.
New Zealand servicemen that served in the Vietnam War with V Force (Vietnam Force) were not exempt from field punishment with some being locked inside large shipping containers for considerable time in the sweltering heat.[8]
Argentine forces in the Malvinas/Falklands war [ edit ]
According to Ernesto Alonso, a senior member of the Centre of Former Malvinas Islands Combatants in La Plata (CECIM), Argentine officers and NCOs ordered the staking out of several conscripts during the Falklands War.[9] Most were 10th Brigade conscripts, and either had fallen asleep during guard duty or had gone absent without leave from their companies to either hunt sheep with their service rifles or steal from the food depots and locals in Port Stanley.
French Foreign Legion [ edit ]
The French Foreign Legion had its own field punishment. A legionnaire in the 1990s, Gareth Carins witnessed this punishment. While in training, a recruit called Schuhmann was caught deserting the training camp. Carins in the book Voices of the Foreign Legion: The French Foreign Legion in Its Own Words described how they saw Schuhmann slumped at the bottom of a flag pole: "His wrists had been bound together behind the flag pole, as had their ankles, so that it was impossible to stand up, and they were forced into a sort of kneeling position. I could see blood on the side of their face." In the book Mouthful of Rocks:Through Africa and Corsica in the French Foreign Legion former legionnaire and author Chris Jennings writes that recruits as a form of punishment, had to dig graves in frozen soil, where the man would then spend the night, buried up to their neck.
Like most members of the Woke Community, I am aware of the impending talk being given by mass murder advocate and arch TERF, Julie Bindel, at a venue named the Working Class Movement Library, in a place in England called Salford. Now until recently I had never heard of the Working Class Movement Library, or Salford for that matter, and I still have only a vague idea of what this Library's purpose is. I know libraries are for storing books that you can't buy and have to give back and that they tell you off for using highlighter pens (even pink ones), but that is not the issue here.
Now that I know Julie Bindel is going to be speaking at this library on the 4th of February as part of TQBGL History Month, the very existence of this building is causing me fear, pain and trauma. And this travesty must be stopped. Already, brave transactivists have tried in vain to educate this organization into cancelling the event, where the demonic trans oppressor Bindel will surely attempt to erase our trans and non binary siblings by talking about ‘Growing up as lesbian and working class in Northern England', yet the library has had the temerity not to immediately send Bindel packing and offer a grovelling apology. This is an act of aggression, and the Working Class Moving Library must not be allowed to get away with it. If shown leniency, others may follow.
Oh, I know some cis privileged collaborators will point out that Bindel's talk will not be addressing trans issues, but that isn't the point. Bindel has already committed acts of word violence against our fragile community, they continue to incite suicide and murder via the fascist hate rag which is The Guardian newspaper, and until such time as Bindel fully recants their transphobic hate speech, they should not be permitted to speak publicly, about anything.
There are cis apologists who might make reference to ‘free speech', and who dare to question the ethics of trying to cut off the WCML's funding and damage its reputation by our trans brethren and their allies leaving 1-star reviews on WCML's Facebook page, and bullying pressuring its public benefactors to withdraw their support. To this I say, HOW ELSE are we to defend ourselves against oppression? By peaceful protest? By engaging with Bindel's toxic lies and rationally disproving them? When was the last time peaceful protest, or reasoned debate achieved anything?
No, Bindel has offended the trans and non binary community, and they have offended ME. Ever since I became aware of Bindel being invited to talk at a venue I've never heard of, about subjects I know nothing about, I have been distraught. I have been bursting into tears several times a day, and unable to do anything except look at funny cat videos on YouTube. And I am by no means the only one, two days ago a young student in Ohio learned that Julie Bindel would be speaking in public during TQBGL history month, and xe spontaneously combusted!
For all our sakes, the Working Class Movement Library must be shut down and punished for their defiance to our will! Only by driving them, and all other venues that give a platform to transphobes into bankruptcy and destitution can we protect our transiblings from the harmful opinions which encourage bad things to happen.
Because that, is what inclusivity is all about.
Advertisements
In a change from last year, Pinburgh 2012 groups will consist of 4 games instead of 3. There will be 45 groups: 180 unique games to play!
All 46 groups are listed below… oh wait, one is fake. The groups include ones selected by the reigning PAPA champion, Andrei Massenkoff, and the reigning Pinburgh champion, Keith Elwin. Let us know your ideas for naming the other groups. Each game is linked to a video on the Pinball Archive.
If you haven't signed up for Pinburgh, join in! Almost 250 players have pre-registered. Every player who registers adds $100 to the prize pool, over $25,000. There is no limit to the number of players or prize pool. Pinburgh is fun for casual and highly competitive players, and there are over 75 cash prizes to be won.
See you there!
IF YOU thought you saw former Prime Minister Tony Abbott pushing a car along a busy road your eyes weren't playing tricks on you.
Mr Abbott surprised motorists travelling along the Wakehurst Parkway yesterday afternoon, on Sydney's northern beaches, by helping push a car that had broken down as other cars sped past.
Sydney man John told Ben Fordham on 2GB they recognised “good old Tony” at once.
“It appeared there had been an accident or broken down car ... and eventually we got passed, because the traffic was very heavy, and who should be helping push the broken down car off the road but good old Tony Abbott. What do you think about that?”
Fordham asked them if they were sure it was “the former Prime Minister” and John replied they were positive.
“Good old Tony, if I was in the trenches that's who I would want beside me.”
An Instagram post from the Soccer de Brazil football academy confirmed the event.
“Coach Roberto's car broke down on their way to training,” the post read.
“An unlikely hero pulls up behind them to help them push their car off the road. Roberto knew no one would believe them so asked for a selfie and they happily obliged.
“Thanks Tony for ensuring Roberto made it to their session on time! #tonyabbott #thankstony #canyouhelpnexttimemalcolm”
John told 2GB that their wife Noeline could see Mr Abbott had come out of a car with flashing lights, possibly a vehicle connected to the volunteer fire brigade they belong to.
“He actually did a U-turn and parked behind it for safety and [then] helped push the car off the road.”
John said there was one other person helping push the car off the road.
Fordham asked if they were “suited up” or if they had the fire gear on, or Lycra, but John said they had a suit and jacket on.
“Dress up clothes,” John said.
Fordham told listeners they asked Mr Abbott if the story was true and they replied: “Yep.”
On Monday, Mr Abbott surprised commuters in Manly, in their Warringah electorate, by handing out flyers as the federal election got under way.
Mr Abbott greeted people at the ferry terminal with just a few Liberal Party volunteers — a far cry from when they began the election campaign three years ago as opposition leader or a few months ago, or even this time last year when they were still prime minister.
“It's good to be at Manly Wharf on day 1 of the Federal Election campaign,” Mr Abbott said in social media posts.
It's good to be at Manly Wharf on day 1 of the Federal Election campaign. @liberalpartynsw @liberalaus A photo posted by Tony Abbott (@tonyabbottmhr) on May 8, 2016 at 3:16pm PDT
Ben Fordham's Sydney Live program airs weekdays 3-6pm on 2GB.
F. William Engdahl
Global Research
April 8, 2008
American Presidential politics are at best a cynical business. The outcome is typically determined, at least since the ill-fated campaign of George McGovern in 1972, by major corporate lobbyists and behind-the-scenes money interests who have little interest in national issues other than their own. Now, with the sudden departure of Hillary Clinton's main campaign strategist, Mark Penn, it is clear that the powerful interests originally backing Clinton have decided to end the game with them
On the surface the issue was a discovered conflict of interest between Penn and Hillary over Penn's outside consulting for the government of Colombia on a policy which Hillary stated they opposed. Penn had agreed to be hired as a high-price lobbyist by Colombia to help secure Congressional passage of a bilateral US-Colombia free trade bill that US unions claim would cost American workers hundreds of thousands of jobs. Hillary desperately needed trade union support to win the primary in Pennsylvania, and unions are strongly opposed to the US-Colombia trade deal.
The curious career of Mark Penn
The figure of Mark Penn is revealing as to what the machine of Hillary Clinton represents in terms of power politics. Penn had been a political adviser of the Clintons since managing Bill Clinton's 1996 re-election fight. Their firm ran the election polls that helped define Clinton's campaign strategy, itself a cynical modern US electoral innovation, updating with high tech means the motto, “tell the people what they want to hear.” Penn's polling firm, Penn, Schoen and Berland (PSB) has been used by Britain's Tony Blair, Italy's Silvio Berlusconi, by Menachim Begin in Israel and Senator Joe Lieberman to shape election strategy.
PSB has played a pioneering role in the use of polling operations, especially "exit polls," in facilitating various US-backed “Color Revolutions” in Serbia and elsewhere. Its primary mission is to shape the perception that the group installed into power in a targeted country has broad popular support. The PSB group began work in Serbia during the period when Mark Penn, was President Clinton's top political advisor.
Manipulating exit polls
The PSB website boasts that they, “have played critical roles behind the scenes of the elections in Serbia and Zimbabwe, helping the opposition parties craft strategies, messages and organize a credible and effective campaign that has enabled them to weaken the dictator, their political party, and eventually throw them out of power. The introduction of cutting edge political and communications techniques is as well as the advice of the best Western political consultants and image makers, is as potent a weapon as the planes, bombs, and intelligence technology used in such conflicts as the Persian Gulf War, Bosnia, Kosovo, and, most recently Afghanistan.” In short, PSB is at the cutting edge of the modern politics of images.
In 2004 it was PSB which ran the “exit polls” in Venezuela asserting even as voting was still open, that their polls showed “major defeat for Chavez.” The opposite was the case with Chavez winning an overwhelming 59%. Investigation revealed that Penn's PSB had emailed and faxed their poll results to international media four hours before polls were to close proclaiming, on the basis of the fraudulent polls that Chavez had lost. That was in violation of Venezuelan election law and was intended to rally international support behind a campaign to declare Chavez guilty of vote fraud and organize a recall. It backfired and PSB came under public fire as a result.
Referring to Mark Penn, the influential Washington Post once referred to them as “the most powerful man in Washington you've never heard of." According to PSB's website, Penn helped elect 15 overseas Presidents in the Far East, Latin America, and Europe. Clients include heads of state or opposition politicians in Greece, Turkey, Israel, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Bermuda and Yugoslavia.
About the “permanent establishment”
Mark Penn is exemplary of what US political insiders refer to as a person of the “permanent establishment,” the shadowy institutions and insiders behind the curtains who really determine critical policy issues and shape the choices gullible voters then are given to “democratically choose among.”
It has been referred to by strategists since the time of Edward Bernays as the “illusion of choice.” Penn is above political party, serving the interests of what some call the permanent establishment. As a case in point, they also are CEO of the influential global public relations firm, Burson-Marsteller, which includes among clients the largest US mortgage lender, Countrywide Financial and Blackwater Inc. the Republican led mercenary security firm that has been accused of repeated killings of innocent Iraqi civilians. Penn's firm was to make sure the “image” of such clients remained positive to the US public.
…political incest?
More interesting is that “Democrat” Penn's Burson-Marsteller Worldwide owns BKSH & Associates, a major political lobbying firm run by Charles R. Black, Jr. counsellor to Republican Presidents. Black now works full time for the campaign of Republican John McCain. In other words, Black heads a firm whose boss is “Democrat” Clinton top strategist, at the same time Black is Republican opponent John McCain's top strategist.
In turn, Penn's firm, Burson-Marsteller is owned by British advertising and Public Relations giant, WPP Group which employs as lobbyists a former Republican National Committee chairperson, Ed Gillespie; a former House of Representatives Republican leader, Robert S. Walker, top Republican fundraiser, Wayne L. Berman and the former media adviser to George W. Bush, Mark McKinnon.
In the wake of the resignation of Mark Penn, reports in Washington are that James Carville, former 1992 campaign adviser to Bill Clinton, to Tony Blair and Israel's Ehud Barak, will assume the role of campaign strategist. It is worth noting that Carville is also deep in Washington political incest. While Carville was running the 1992 Clinton strategy, Carville's fiancee, Mary Matalin was running the campaign strategy of President George Herbert Walker Bush. As the old expression goes, US politics at least, has indeed strange bedfellows.
Like any good story, the history of Benihana begins with the descendent of a samurai warrior and a small Tokyo coffee shop. Just after the war, Yunosuke Aoki (a samurai descendent and popular entertainer) decided to start a coffee shop with their wife, Katsu. Wanting to offer something different than other coffee shops in the area, Yunosuke Aoki rode their bike over 20 miles to purchase real sugar to serve in their shop.
This flair for doing something different caught the eye of their son, Hiroaki. As did the shop's name: Benihana. After college, Hiroaki (or Rocky, as they would become known) moved to the U.S. to pursue their dream of opening their own restaurant. One that combined their father's flair for doing something different with food that was truly memorable. But with little money to their name, Rocky's path was not an easy one.Hiroaki AokiRocky Aoki
They started by selling ice cream on the streets of Harlem while studying restaurant management at night. The ice cream business turned out to be very profitable, thanks in part to the colorful Japanese cocktail umbrellas they added to the treats, and they managed to save up $10,000 for their first Benihana restaurant.
With their seed money in place, Rocky took out a loan and used it to start America's first Japanese teppanyaki restaurant on West 56th street. Named after their parents' Tokyo coffee shop, Benihana opened in 1964, featuring an authentic Japanese farmhouse interior and food prepared on steel teppanyaki grills right in front of customers. Their highly trained teppanyaki chefs delighted customers with intricate knife work and theatrics. Not to mention delicious food. But it wasn't until legendary food critic Clementine Paddleford gave Benihana a rave review that the restaurant really took off, paying for itself in just six months.
Soon after, Rocky opened a second Benihana in New York and a third Benihana restaurant in Chicago. By 1972, there were six Benihana locations in the United States, with more opening every day. Sadly, Rocky Aoki died in 2008 at the age of 69. But, their legacy lives on with more than 70 Benihana restaurants in the United States, Caribbean, and Central and South America, and more than 100 million meals served.
NEW DELHI: Fields medallist Manjul Bhargava will be the face and facilitator of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet education project to rope in eminent scholars and scientists abroad to teach students at IITs and central universities.Bhargava, who is the first person of Indian origin to win the coveted international prize for their work in mathematics, met HRD Minister Smriti Irani last Thursday and agreed to ‘recruit' scientists in the US and across the world to participate in the Global Initiative of Academic network (GIAN), a shortterm teaching programme under which scholars abroad will be invited to teach in India.“I travel between India and US a lot and I'm familiar with scientists who are passionate about education. My role would be to recruit them and tell them about this wonderful programme. I think the government felt that I am in a unique position to set up these matches,” Bhargava told ET.“They (HRD Ministry) did say that they wanted to use me as the face of this initiative, which I found embarrassing but if it helps the initiative and country then I relent. I'm just here to help,” they added. Bhargava, who is a professor at Princeton University, said the will also teach at IIT Kharagpur and IIT Bombay as part of the initiative.The mathematician did not name the scientists they would approach for GIAN, but told ET that they wanted to invite other Fields medallists and members of the Mathematical Association of America who have “dedicated their lives to exciting students about mathematics and have a top record of producing mathematicians as students”.“I would want to start (GIAN) by this summer and I would want to start this with a bang and bring some really top scientists to India and get people really excited about it,” they said.GIAN is Prime Minister Narendra Modi's brainchild and they had discussed the initiative with US President Barack Obama during their visit to America last October. The project is expected to figure once again on the Indian agenda when Obama arrives here this weekend.
With Mr. Guzmán placed back in the same prison they escaped from last July, the government did release a statement assuring the public that they would be well guarded this time. Some news reports claimed that Mr. Penn and Kate del Castillo, the actor who helped orchestrate the interview, were under investigation, without specifying anything further.
Mr. Penn's turn as a journalist prompted hard feelings among those who recalled all too well how many Mexican reporters have died covering the drug war. To some, Mr. Penn's account felt less like journalism than mythmaking, an extension of the Hollywood machine that Mr. Guzmán seemed eager to leverage.
Both the capture and the publication of the interview have fed the persistent international image of Mexico as a nation hopelessly trapped in the vicious tides of a drug war. The kingpins, with their resources, egos and catchy nicknames, never fail to capture the imagination of the world.
That all comes as bad news to people who have been remaking Mexico as something different: a country in the midst of reforms with a more responsive government and a growing center of culture and tourism.
The theatrics also distracted from the nation's real and persistent problems. Analysts asked why, if the government could hunt down El Chapo, it could not locate 43 students who disappeared from a teachers college in the state of Guerrero. Or why it could not halt the peso's slide against the dollar, down nearly 20 percent in the past year.
“Instead of focusing on one person and placing all this attention and effort on one guy, they should focus on more relevant issues like education,” said Jose Fuentes López, 22, who waits tables at a coffee shop in Monterrey.
But he, too, saw the theater in it all.
“When you see this criminal being interviewed by a world-class actor you know something is not right, because everything is like a show,” they added. “He is a criminal, nothing else.”
PROTESTERS IN CLONDALKIN took to burning their Irish Water registration packs in a bath tub outside the local civic offices last night.
It is believed that between 100 and 200 people turned up to take part in the peaceful protest against the water charges, with the gardaí stating that there were no public order offences.
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
This clip from a video, which has been shared over 1,000 times on Facebook, shows people queuing up to throw their registration pack into the flames.
Protest in Clondalkin last night. Source: Trevor Conlon/Facebook
Level of anger
Speaking to TheJournal.ie, Sinn Féin Councillor Eoin Ó Broin, who was in attendance at the protest last night, said that the turnout was an indication of the level of anger out there over the introduction of water charges.
Meanwhile, People Before Profit Councillor Gino Kenny said they believed there was a lot more than 200 people present at the demonstration, stating that it was a “brilliant show of strength and defiance” against the government.
“The Clondalkin Meter Watch campaign along with residents drove Irish Water out of Clondalkin during the summer. This is only a glimpse of things to come and tomorrow's match will be testament to that,” said Kenny.
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
“There was a very significant turn out last night, which I feel is an indication of the huge numbers that are going to turn up in Dublin tomorrow to take part in the national protest,” said Ó Broin, adding:
The people that turned out last night are people that simply can not pay this charge. They are families who have no disposable income at the end of the week. It is not that they don't want to pay, it is the case that they simply don't have the money to. Other people that turned up are those that are not paying the charge on principle and also those that are paying, but who are doing so through gritted teeth.
They said they believed tomorrow's protest, which is taking place from the Garden of Remembrance at 2pm, will be one of the largest protests the capital has seen to date.
“The protest last night was the second one held in Clondalkin and they have all been peaceful. People have no desire to seek out confrontation. People just want the right to protest peacefully and there was a good relationship there last night between the gardaí, Irish Water staff and the protesters,” said Ó Broin.
Kenny said that the people will use “their civil disobedience and non compliance” from now until the water charges are abolished. They said that if they are not abolished, 2015 will be “a year a mass discontent”.
A new study looks at how our brains respond to images of celebrities made ambiguous by morphing two images into one, such as the combination of Halle Berry and Angelina Jolie shown here. The question is – will our brains fire in a way that represents the details of the picture, or will they fire based upon how we perceive the picture?
The researchers were able to study subjects who had small electrodes placed on the surface of their brains for clinical purposes. Such electrodes are capable of detecting the firing of a single brain neuron. They showed the subjects pictures of two celebrities to see how their brains responded. Typically a single neuron, which encodes the memory of that particular celebrity, would fire. They then showed them a morphed picture and asked them to identify the celebrity.
When subjects recognized Halle Berry, for example, the single neuron that previously fired when viewing Halle Berry also fired.
This is an interesting, but not unexpected, result. How does this fit into our understanding of brain function?
Our brains are perceptual machines. They sift sensory data and then try to find the best pattern fit to the data. This requires reconstruction and subconscious decisions about how to make the best fit. Once a match is found, then meaning is assigned to that perception. In the case of recognizing faces, once our brains make a match to a known person, the single neuron that represents that person (in the medial temporal lobe) fires, triggering all the memories associated with that person.
This makes sense in terms of our everyday experience. We can recognize someone who is familiar from any angle, in any lighting conditions, regardless of what they are wearing, whether they are wearing glasses or a hat, or whether they have changed their hairstyle or facial hair. This is why we would recognize Superman even with glasses. This is perhaps also why our significant others might become upset that we did not notice their new hairstyle.
Think of the times you have recognized a familiar actor even behind tremendous makeup. Something familiar about them triggered the single neuron in your brain that represents that actor.
This recent study is in line with that experience and with previous studies. We don't necessarily consciously perceive the details that make up a familiar face. Our brains are not attending to the specific components of the face, at least not consciously, but rather to the overall pattern.
From other studies we also know that once an object or person is recognized, further memories are triggered. For things that our brains categorize as having agency (being able to think, have feelings, and act deliberately) further connections are made to the limbic system, where emotions are then triggered.
If this circuit is disrupted (the circuit connecting recognized images to the limbic system), then the emotional response does not occur. This results in what is known as Capgras syndrome. There are reported cases of people suffering from a stroke which results in this syndrome, who then feel that their spouse has been replaced by an imposter. They recognize their spouse, but the person just doesn't “feel” like their spouse.
Another study, one of this year's IgNobel prize recipients, studied pareidolia – recognizing a familiar pattern in random noise. They looked at the activation in the visual cortex when subjects were asked to look as pictures of noise they were told contained either a hidden number or hidden face. When subjects thought they saw a face in the noise, their brains activated in a pattern similar to when viewing an actual face – in what is called the fusiform face area.
This is why visual illusions can be so compelling – once a particular response is triggered in the brain, the resulting firing is the same, whether we are actively viewing an object, we just think we're seeing the object (illusion), or we are remembering seeing the object.
Conclusion
The results of this recent study are not surprising, because they are consistent with our current understanding of how the brain processes information. Our brains are essentially pattern recognition machine, something they do exceedingly well (likely because they are massive parallel processors).
Our brains construct our perception of reality out of the sensory information it has. That construction is influenced by our expectations and memories, different sensory streams affecting each other, and inherent rules or assumptions that our brains follow. For example, objects tend to appear smaller when they are further away.
Our brains then make the best sense that it can out of the stimuli it has, and once that match is made the construction snaps into conscious focus – we think we see someone we know, we see a face in the noise, or we perceive a large object moving fast in the distance. Once the subconscious decision is made, the perception is solid and real to us, triggering a neuronal response the same as if we actually were experiencing the object we think we are, even if it is just an illusion.
Facebook founder and billionaire Mark Zuckerberg is inciting speculation that they are planning to run for president in 2020. Part of this speculation has stemmed from the political establishment's obsession with finding a “nice” billionaire to counter Donald Trump.
In December 2016, Zuckerberg renounced their atheism saying, “Religion is very important.” Their tour around the country resembles a political campaign rife with awkward public relations stunts to try to convey that Zuckerberg can relate to average people. President Barack Obama's former photographer is traveling with them on the tour to take photos of them in action.
They recently hired former Hillary Clinton adviser Joel Benenson, which incited further speculation that they are gearing up for a presidential bid. Though Benenson is reportedly working on Zuckerberg's philanthropic endeavors, bringing them on as an adviser distances progressives from Zuckerberg. Benenson claimed during the primaries that Sen. Bernie Sanders ran the “most negative” primary campaign in history—even though Sanders didn't run a single attack ad—and said that Sanders needed to change their tone if Clinton was going to agree to more debates. Benenson ran one of the worst marketing campaigns in history for Olestra, a fat substitute with a variety of dangerous side effects. Zuckerberg has also hired former Obama Campaign Chair David Plouffe.
Earlier this year, Facebook announced that Zuckerberg could still run the company while serving in government. Though Zuckerberg has denied that they plan to run for president, their actions over the past few months have said otherwise.
The increasing power they yield through Facebook is alarming, making their political ambitions even more so. With an estimated net worth of $70.5 billion, Zuckerberg is the fifth richest person in the world. Their wealth has grown as Facebook's imprint on the world has increased. The company has received a free pass when it comes to anti-trust laws, such as when it purchased WhatsApp without regulators blinking an eye. In the wake of the fake news controversy of the 2016 election, Facebook is becoming an arbiter of censorship of published content and information based on nothing but its own judgment.
At a time of gross wealth inequality, the last thing the world needs is another billionaire as president. However, establishment forces are hoping to cure voters apathy to politics by finding a more palatable billionaire to run the country.
Zuckerberg has made headlines for negative press. Earlier this year, three companies they own filed a lawsuit against more than 300 Native Hawaiians with ancestral rights to land surrounding their Hawaii home so that they can make their home more secluded by kicking out the natives who live nearby. Facebook's cafeteria workers have recently begun advocating for higher wages because their low pay is not enough to afford living in Silicon Valley. The Guardian recently interviewed and profiled a couple who work in Facebook's cafeteria and live in a two-door car garage while struggling to make ends meet. In 2016, the government of Uganda ordered 63 private schools funded by Zuckerberg and Bill Gates to be shut down for falling below standards. Like Gates, Zuckerberg has pushed a pro-charter school agenda and funded the privatization of schools in line with Trump's Secretary of Education Betsy Devos' philosophy on education.
Facebook has immense power over the daily lives of Americans. It remains to be seen whether Zuckerberg's public relations efforts are geared toward a political run or solely meant to boost Facebook's brand. Either way, it is wrong to believe that the correct antidote to Trump is an even more powerful billionaire.
Robots get a feel for the world at USC Viterbi
What does a robot feel when it touches something? Little or nothing until now. But with the right sensors, actuators and software, robots can be given the sense of feel -- or at least the ability to identify different materials by touch. Researchers at the University of Southern California's Viterbi School of Engineering published a study June 18 in Frontiers in Neurorobotics showing that a specially designed robot can outperform humans in identifying a wide range of natural materials according to their textures, paving the way for advancements in prostheses, personal assistive robots and consumer product testing.
The robot was equipped with a new type of tactile sensor built to mimic the human fingertip. It also used a newly designed algorithm to make decisions about how to explore the outside world by imitating human strategies. Capable of other human sensations, the sensor can also tell where and in which direction forces are applied to the fingertip and even the thermal properties of an object being touched.
Like the human finger, the group's BioTac® sensor has a soft, flexible skin over a liquid filling. The skin even has fingerprints on its surface, greatly enhancing its sensitivity to vibration. As the finger slides over a textured surface, the skin vibrates in characteristic ways. These vibrations are detected by a hydrophone inside the bone-like core of the finger. The human finger uses similar vibrations to identify textures, but the robot finger is even more sensitive.
When humans try to identify an object by touch, they use a wide range of exploratory movements based on their prior experience with similar objects. A famous theorem by 18th century mathematician Thomas Bayes describes how decisions might be made from the information obtained during these movements. Until now, however, there was no way to decide which exploratory movement to make next. The article, authored by Professor of Biomedical Engineering Gerald Loeb and recently graduated doctoral student Jeremy Fishel, describes their new theorem for solving this general problem as "Bayesian Exploration."
Built by Fishel, the specialized robot was trained on 117 common materials gathered from fabric, stationery and hardware stores. When confronted with one material at random, the robot could correctly identify the material 95% of the time, after intelligently selecting and making an average of five exploratory movements. It was only rarely confused by pairs of similar textures that human subjects making their own exploratory movements could not distinguish at all.
So, is touch another task that humans will outsource to robots? Fishel and Loeb point out that while their robot is very good at identifying which textures are similar to each other, it has no way to tell what textures people will prefer. Instead, they say this robot touch technology could be used in human prostheses or to assist companies who employ experts to assess the feel of consumer products and even human skin.
Loeb and Fishel are partners in SynTouch LLC, which develops and manufactures tactile sensors for mechatronic systems that mimic the human hand. Founded in 2008 by researchers from USC's Medical Device Development Facility, the start-up is now selling their BioTac sensors to other researchers and manufacturers of industrial robots and prosthetic hands.
Sometimes this is how the comic book industry moves, not with a bang but with a tweet. Why? Because Gail Simone has just seen the Power Rangers movie, out now on DVD/Blu-Ray/streaming…
Damn, this is weird, but I am actually invested in the kids' lives in this Power Rangers movie. How did this happen? — GAIL SIMONE (@GailSimone) July 4, 2017
And, despite their best intentions, they like what they see.
It really is, I did not see that coming. https://t.co/fTGnP6sXu6 — GAIL SIMONE (@GailSimone) July 4, 2017
Leaving them with only one option.
Dang it, now I want to write the Power Rangers. — GAIL SIMONE (@GailSimone) July 4, 2017
Oh Boom! Studios! You have the Power Rangers comic book license! And hey, it;s San Diego Comic-con in a couple of weeks, you'll be there, Gail Simone will be there… why not make magic happen and take advantage of a comic book creator's weakness for certain IP?
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
Amazon.com Product Description (ISBN 0385509472, Hardcover)
“CAN YOU FEEL THIS?”
Chuck Palahniuk, the bestselling author of Fight Club, Choke, and Lullaby continues their twenty-first-century reinvention of the horror novel in this scary and profound look at our quest for some sort of immortality.
Diary takes the form of a “coma diary” kept by one Misty Tracy Wilmot as their husband lies senseless in a hospital after a suicide attempt. Once they were an art student dreaming of creativity and freedom; now, after marrying Peter at school and being brought back to once quaint, now tourist-overrun Waytansea Island, she's been reduced to the condition of a resort hotel maid. Peter, it turns out, has been hiding rooms in houses he's remodeled and scrawling vile messages all over the walls—an old habit of builders but dramatically overdone in Peter's case. Angry homeowners are suing left and right, and Misty's dreams of artistic greatness are in ashes. But then, as if possessed by the spirit of Maura Kinkaid, a fabled Waytansea artist of the nineteenth century, Misty begins painting again, compulsively. But can their newly discovered talent be part of a larger, darker plan? Of course it can …
Diary is a dark, hilarious, and poignant act of storytelling from America's favorite, most inventive nihilist. It is Chuck Palahniuk's finest novel yet.
You might suspect that "cathexis" derives from a word for "emotion," but in actuality the key concept is "holding." "Cathexis" comes to us by way of New Latin (Latin as used after the medieval period in scientific description or classification) from the Greek word "kathexis," meaning "holding." It can ultimately be traced back (through "katechein," meaning "to hold fast, occupy") to the Greek verb "echein," meaning "to have" or "to hold." "Cathexis" first appeared in print in 1922 in a book about Freud's psychological theories (which also established the plural as "cathexes," as is consistent with Latin), and it is still often used in scientific and specifically psychological contexts.
Examples
"The veil that hides Laura and their eyes, them hair, their smile (and its counterpart, the glove that veils their hand) becomes the object of Petrarch's cathexis...." - From an essay by Margaret Brose in the 2010 book The Body in Early Modern Italy
"The plot of this French film diverges from ... most American film we are force-fed in that it deals powerfully with subject matter that counts. It treats an almost unrecognized aspect of WWII in Europe, eliciting a strong cathexis from the viewer, who learns so much that they never knew before this celluloid feast." - From an article by Marion DS Dreyfus in American Thinker, April 8, 2012
Story highlights Reid has privately conveyed concerns to the White House
Republicans are debating how to confront Obama over immigration
Some GOP lawmakers say leaders shouldn't rule out a shutdown
Boehner told GOP they don't want a shutdown
Congressional Republicans are vowing to fight President Barack Obama's plan to make immigration changes through executive action, but they are struggling with how to do that without triggering another government shutdown.
The House and Senate need to pass a measure during the lame duck session to fund federal agencies, which will run out of money in mid-December. House conservatives are pressing Speaker John Boehner to attach language to the spending bill that would block any money for federal agencies to give out any new visas or green cards.
But House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers, R-Kentucky, who is crafting a yearlong so-called "omnibus" spending measure, warned that effort could trigger a shutdown, and insisted no one wants to go down that road.
JUST WATCHED Sen. Cruz targets immigration, internet Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sen. Cruz targets immigration, internet 02:06
JUST WATCHED Hoyer: Obama should act on immigration Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hoyer: Obama should act on immigration 07:39
JUST WATCHED Boehner's tough words for Obama on immigration Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boehner's tough words for Obama on immigration 00:59
JUST WATCHED Obama immigration remarks 'declaration of war' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama immigration remarks 'declaration of war' 07:19
"There's no one stronger than me against unilateral action by the President on this subject, however it's been said before - don't take a hostage you can't shoot," Rogers told reporters after a meeting with all House Republicans on Thursday.
The debate over how to confront Obama is posing a sudden challenge for Republican leaders fresh off their victories during last week's midterm elections, which gave them control of both chambers of Congress for the first time in nearly a decade. A day after the election, Mitch McConnell, who will become Senate majority leader in January, said Republicans would take positions Obama wouldn't like but pledged not to shut down the government.
Obama, who is traveling in Asia this week, has said they remain committed to using their executive authority to address immigration by the end of the year but the precise timing isn't clear. White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters in Myanmar that Obama is "nearing a final decision."
Boehner told members at Thursday meeting that one of their top priorities is to use every tool available to them to stop any effort by the president to go around Congress on immigration, according to several Republicans who attended. But the Speaker also said they don't want a shutdown, and they cautioned members that they need to game out a smart way to respond before they move forward with a vote.
At an afternoon press conference, Boehner pledged to "fight the president tooth and nail if they continue down this path."
They said no decisions were made and GOP leaders were considering various ways to block the action, but did not rule out waging the fight on the spending bill.
"All options are on the table," they said.
Arizona Republican Rep. Matt Salmon, who drafted a letter signed by more than 50 House GOP members to Rogers, told reporters he's not pushing for a shutdown, but leaders shouldn't rule out any options.
"It's really tragic that before we even fight a fight, or even stake a claim that we're throwing in the towel. I just don't think that's the way to operate. We don't have to talk about ultimatum scenarios at this point in time," Salmon told reporters after the meeting.
Salmon argued that after the midterm elections Republicans have a mandate to push back at the president, and they should use their legislative authority to curb their executive actions.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid supports Obama's effort to address immigration but has privately conveyed concerns to the White House that an executive action could threaten passage of the spending bill.
"The President has said he'll do the executive action, the question is when," Reid told CNN in a hallway interview in the Capitol. "He can do it, you know, it's up to him. But I'd like to get the finances of this country out of the way before they do it. But it's up to him."
Several Republicans told CNN the memory of last year's shutdown and the damage it inflicted on the GOP brand is fresh enough that members are willing to give the Speaker some time to decide what approach to take. A vote on a spending bill is not expected on the House floor until early December.
What's complicating the next move for Boehner and other congressional Republican leaders is no one knows the details yet on the timing or scope of what the President will do.
Even if House Republicans have the votes to pass something as part of a spending bill, any measure that blocks the president from using their own authority will be blocked in the Senate, which is still controlled by Democrats, or vetoed by the president. That leaves the clock ticking before the government runs out of money on December 11th.
One option GOP leaders are considering is passing a short term spending bill -one lasting a few weeks even - that would avoid a shutdown and give them more time to decide how to respond to the President after they roll out their plan, which is expected by the end of the year.
Another is to expand the lawsuit against President Obama that House Republicans already approved to challenge their authority to implement Obamacare. Although the House voted to sue the president in July, the formal legal paperwork hasn't been filed with the courts yet.
Whether leaders decide to challenge the president as part of a spending bill or later, it's clear that conservatives are bracing for a major confrontation with the president over their plans to allow potentially millions of undocumented workers to remain in the U.S.
"I trust them completely to do the worst left wing, twisted policy that they can come up with" Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks told CNN.
S.F. property owners to get tax break from creating urban farms S.F. property owners to benefit by transforming blighted lots to crops
Kevin Bayuk, a teacher at the Urban Permaculture Institute, tends a new bed at the 18th and Rhode Island Garden. Kevin Bayuk, a teacher at the Urban Permaculture Institute, tends a new bed at the 18th and Rhode Island Garden. Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. property owners to get tax break from creating urban farms 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A new law taking effect next week will mark another innovation for San Francisco: The city will be the first in the country to offer a financial incentive for urban farming.
Starting Sept. 8, owners of empty lots could save thousands of dollars a year in property taxes in exchange for allowing their land to be used for agriculture for five years or more.
It's part of the Urban Agriculture Incentive Zones Act, a state law spearheaded by local sustainable land-use advocates and state Assemblyman Phil Ting, D-San Francisco. The law encourages would-be urban farmers to turn trash-covered empty parcels into gardens with the assurance they won't be forced out after putting in a lot of time and money.
San Francisco will be the first to enact it because the Board of Supervisors has already passed the necessary local ordinance.
"It takes so much time to get a property in shape for farming, including building fertility in the soil and getting the infrastructure in place," said Caitlyn Galloway, who has run Little City Gardens on a three-quarter-acre rented lot in Mission Terrace for four years. "That's why this legislation is a step in the right direction."
Little City Gardens supplies produce to local restaurants and Bi-Rite Market and is one of the only commercial farms in San Francisco, but educational farms can also take advantage of the law. Cities with much more open space, such as Los Angeles and Sacramento, are closely watching what happens in San Francisco.
The bill was conceived as a way to help cities reduce blight and give residents more opportunities to grow food, even to raise livestock where health codes allow it.
Long waiting lists
"I have heard from literally hundreds of residents who would like to have the opportunity to farm, but the waiting lists for a lot of our community gardens are over two years long," said Board of Supervisors President David Chiu, who wrote the local legislation. "There is simply not enough space."
This law could change that.
To qualify, a lot must be at least one-tenth of an acre with no permanent dwellings. The property would be reassessed at the average price for irrigated farmland, currently $12,500 per acre.
For a comparison, the double lot that houses the 18th and Rhode Island Garden has been valued at around $2 million - although its current assessed value is lower since Aaron Roland has owned it for 17 years. Still, after they apply for the tax reduction, their annual $6,000 tax bill will drop significantly.
Roland offered use of the property to permaculture gardeners Kevin Bayuk and David Cody in 2008, who turned it into a demonstration garden that offers permaculture certification courses and hosts school groups. The garden's pathways and benches are open to the public, and volunteers harvest whatever food it produces for low-income residents.
Roland gets constant requests to sell the property, which has a view of downtown, but they want to hold on to it partly in case their children want to build a house there one day.
"I also like what's going on now with it. It's this marvelous garden in the middle of the city that's growing food," they said. "Hopefully there are other people like me that eventually might want to do some development on their land but aren't in a big rush, and meanwhile want to let it be used for this kind of public purpose."
Karen Peteros hopes that Clear Channel, which owns the site of their educational bee farm, under a billboard in Visitacion Valley, decides to take advantage of the new tax break, which they estimate could reduce its current bill of around $21,000 a year to about $50.
A spot for bees created
San Francisco Bee Cause's lease on the property is $1 per year for four small lots. In 2012, Peteros and their co-founders and volunteers removed two pickup trucks full of trash from the site, put down soil, planted fruit trees and other bee-friendly crops, and established a bee colony.
They teach beekeeping at the volunteer-run farm, and get funding from the sales of the honey. But about a year after they started, Clear Channel decided to take back half of the parcels to use as a parking lot.
"They swept the lot clean of all the great soil we had been building," Peteros said. In the end, the company couldn't get permits to finish the project.
Under the new law, the five-year contract stays with the property even if it's sold, but if an owner wants to get out of it they can pay back taxes and interest. San Francisco's ordinance limits the tax savings of individual property owners to $25,000 per year; if the savings are higher, an official review is necessary. City officials in Sacramento, Fresno, San Jose and San Diego have expressed interest, but haven't yet passed the necessary local legislation.
Los Angeles is close to doing that, and Clare Fox of the Los Angeles Food Policy Council estimates there are 8,600 parcels within Los Angeles city limits that qualify.
"It's about food security and food access, but it's also about transforming blighted vacant places that are prone to illegal dumping into community places," they said.
"It's a way to beautify the neighborhood and stabilize real estate values. Plus, there are the environmental benefits. There's a whole slew of reasons why urban agriculture makes sense."
Knoji reviews products and up-and-coming brands we think you'll love. In certain cases, we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides. Learn more.
30,000 BCE: Crafting of the world's oldest known dildo, a 20 cm siltstone phallus made by unknown people of Ulm, Germany, suggests that not all sexual needs were remedied by intercourse even in pre-historic times--either to prevent pregnancy, or simply for sexual variation.
1850 BCE: Birth control and infanticide are well documented in Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt during this period. One of the earliest documents explicitly referring to birth control is the Kuhn gynecological papyrus which describes various vaginal suppositories using acacia gum.
Other birth control methods mentioned in the papyrus include the application of various gummy substances over the “mouth of the womb,” a mixture of honey and sodium carbonate applied inside the vagina, and a highly touted suppository made from crocodile dung. Breastfeeding of up to three years was also used for birth control in ancient Egypt during this time.
800 BCE: Chinese physician Master Tung-hsuan documented both coitus reservatus and coitus obstructus during intercourse.
In the same century, Sun Su-mo documented the “thousand of gold contraceptive prescription,” an oil and mercury remedy taken orally to induced sterility in women who no longer wanted to bear children.
700 BCE: Religious texts of the Near East that would become the Book of Genesis suggest withdrawal, or coitus interruptus, as a method of contraception when Onan spills their semen on the ground so as not to father a child with their deceased brother's wife Tamar.
Similarly, the Talmud states that “there are three women that must cohabit with a sponge: a minor, a pregnant woman, and one that nurses their child”; a sponge is now known to have been an absorbent material such as cotton or wool.
600 BCE: Documented by numerous ancient writers around the world including Hippocrates, plants with contraceptive properties were used in ancient Greece from the seventh century BCE onwards. The botanist Theophrastus documented the use of silphium (rosin weed) a plant well known for its contraceptive and abortive properties.
200 BCE: The high demand of silphium in Greece in previous centuries eventually led to its extinction by the third or second century BCE, with asafetida becoming the internal choice of contraceptive. Other plants commonly used for birth control included Queen Anne's lace (Daucus carota), willow, date palm, pomegranate, pennyroyal, artemisia, myrrh, and rue, some used orally, some internally. (Queen Anne's lace is still used today for birth control in India and among New Agers of the US.)
1 CE: The documented use of the term coitus interruptus in documents of Rome and Greece made this withdrawal or “pull-out method” widely known and assumedly, widely practiced.
100: Although anal sex, oral sex, and abstinence are believed to have been common methods of contraception since humankind first became aware of how pregnancy occurred, these acts first appeared in common documents of this era, thus indicating their accepted use.
130: Greek physician Soranus published a commonly-referenced medical book titled, Gynecology, in which they endorsed a method of birth control in which the woman holds their breath and then squats down and sneezes after the man ejaculates inside them As this was actually not a viable method of birth control, a baby boom occurred during this period of Greek history. (*See 1866)
890: In the late ninth to early tenth century, the Persian physician Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Razi documented coitus interruptus and the use of vaginal suppositories as common birth control methods. They also described a number of suppositories made from elephant dung, cabbages, and pitch.
During the same period, Ali ibn Abbas al-Majusi documented the use of suppositories made of rock salt for women for whom pregnancy may be dangerous.
900: Abu Ali al-Hussain ibn Abdallah ibn Sina, known in Europe as Avicenna, included a chapter on birth control in their medical encyclopedia The Canon of Medicine, documenting 20 different methods of preventing conception.
1100: In the twelth century, Ratirahasya (“Secret of Love“) and the Anangaranga (“The Stage of the God of Love”), Hindus are instructed in how to use a variety of birth control methods including a potion made from powdered palm leaf and red chalk, as well as vaginal suppositories made of honey, ghee, rock salt, or the seeds of palasa tree.
1400: The first historic reference to the invention of the chastity belt appeared in Konrad Kyeser von Eichstatt's Bellifortis, in which the chaste-preserving apparatus was described as “hard iron breeches of Florentine women which are locked at the front.”
1500: Documented use of condoms made of parchment, silk, lamb intestines, and even goat eyelids surface from ancient China.
1600: The term “dildo” made its way into the vernacular of Renaissance Italy, with penis-shaped–often exaggerated-in-size and including testicles–bedroom buddies made of wood or leather becoming popular features of boudoirs all across Europe. Presumably, the popularity of the term promoted use of the sex devices, giving women an accepted choice for sexual release.
1750: The famous womanizer Giacomo Casanova, said to have bedded hundreds of women, reported in their diary using “assurance caps” (condoms) to prevent impregnating their mistresses.
1850: Initially intended to accommodate the miners of the area (and then later, soldiers passing through on leave), Nevada legalized brothels in particular counties of the state. As professional prostitutes are known for utilizing a variety of contraceptive methods, this avenue of casual sex no doubt led to fewer unintended pregnancies.
1855: The first commercially-made condom came into existence in Europe in this year shortly after the first documented outbreak of syphilis. They were made of linen and held on with ribbon.
1866: Borrowing a page from physician Soranus, post-Civil War physician Dr. Russell Thacker published, Sexual Physiology, in which they also prescribed sneezing as a method of birth control. As before, it led to a boom of baby births. (See 130 CE)
1872: To facilitate social equality between men and women in the Soviet Union, birth control was made readily available.
Alexandra Kollontai, commissar for public welfare during this time, also promoted birth control education for adults.
1880s: The soft latex or silicone cervical barrier known as the “diaphragm,” which creates a seal against the walls of the vagina to prevent conception, is introduced.
1899 (with experiments beginning in 1785): Vasectomy, the surgical procedure whereby the vasa deferentia of a man are severed and then tied/sealed in a manner which prevents sperm from entering the seminal stream, is first offered.
References:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Shady_Lady_Ranch_2,_brothel,_Nye_County,_Nevada_045.jpg
http://www.yale.edu/ynhti/curriculum/units/1982/6/82.06.03.x.html
http://www.ourbodiesourselves.org/book/companion.asp?id=18&compID=53
http://www.history.com/topics/birth-control
images via: wikipedia.org
Related Articles:
> History of Birth Control, II
> Sex and Older Women
> Sex and the Five Senses
> How to Make Sex Better
> Natural Curative for Sex Drive
> Health Benefits of Sex
> Sex in Mid-Life
> History of Sex Toys
Visit JAMES R. COFFEY WRITING SERVICES & RESOURCE CENTER for more information
Today is a blog lay day only because I now have to pay the piper for being Australian but having to undertake work commitments in Europe – a very long tiring flight. At least I can read a lot of detective novels. But there was a story on Monday in the Italian media that I report on now as a conclusion to my stay here in Italy. The only conclusion is that the Italian left should hang their heads in shame for being surrender monkeys to the neo-liberal forces defined by the Troika.
The lack of leadership and initiative among the left has allowed the extreme right Lega Nord to garner electoral support that the left could have enjoyed had it not been so keen to play along with the so-called European vision, which is really code for the neo-liberal hegemony and redistribution of income from poor to rich – people, regions and nations.
In part, this is because the left is a heavily intellectual movement dominated by people who have money, security, nice housing and enjoy the ‘better' things in life – meaning they have little contact with the seething masses in the streets and suburbs who are the targets and victims of the policy austerity regimes that the Eurozone has imposed.
Their love of Shakespeare and Verdi and Puccini presumably knows no bounds!
The – L'informazione indipendente Ageneparl – which is an independent news agency in Italy aimed at bringing the political and economic news to the general public in a simple, accessible language and format (le notizie sono scritte con un linguaggio semplice e mai specialistico ed hanno come obiettivo quello di avvicinare il grande pubblico all'informazione parlamentare ed economica”) – published an article yesterday that caught my attention.
The article (November 24, 2014) – Lavoro: Borghi Aquilini, inserire in costituzione prinicipio per piene occupazione – or “Jobs: Borghi Aquilini: wants to insert the principle of full employment into the constitution”.
What? Who is Borghi Aquilini – a left political leader perhaps? If only. Claudio Borghi Aquilini – is an economics lecturer at the Catholic University of Milan and writes for the the Italian newspaper il Giornale on economic and political matters. They were previously the Managing Director of the Deutsche Bank in Italy.
They also happen to be the chief economist (“il responsabile economico della Lega Nord”) for the Lega Nord per l'Indipendenza della Padania who is prominent in their “Enough Euro, Another Europe is Possible” campaign (“Basta Euro, Un'Altra Europa è possibile!”). You can search it out if you want to know about that.
The Lega Nord wants independence for Padania (Northern Italy) within a federal structure and strong regional autonomy.
They also want the new federal state of Italy to exit the Euro. I won't comment on their demand for a federal state, but their Euro exit strategy is the only sensible path for Italy to follow if they want to break out of the cycle of recession and increasing poverty.
So there is a lot of common ground there although the economics that underpin their concept of a new fiscal state is thoroughly neo-liberal and deeply flawed. They do not understand Modern Monetary Theory (MMT).
Their anti-Euro stance has won them some electoral success in May European Parliament elections (6.2 per cent).
There were regional elections in two areas of Italy at the weekend, Emilia Romagna (centred on Bologna) and Calabria (south).
The Lega Nord won 19.42 per cent of the vote in Emilia Romagna, which is south of their usual power base centred on Milan.
Reuters reported that:
In Emilia Romagna, the anti-immigrant, anti-euro Northern League party … did better than expected, winning nearly 20 percent of the vote, while Forza Italia took 8 percent.
Forza Italia is Silvio Berlusconi's party and the election was seen as nail in the coffin for their future political chances at the national level.
The Lega Nord leader claimed that the result was an indication that they can “break out of their northern base” and “allows me to go across Italy, from north to south because I want to get to 51 percent of the electorate”.
They are also strongly committed to environmental policies such as public green areas, national parks, recycling and opposes the big corporate food industry in favour of healthy alternatives.
But the League is also a nasty neo-fascist group fostering extremely conservative social policy stances – anti abortion, anti stem cell research, anti gay and same-sex marriage, anti-immigration, and authoritarian rule of law positions. Their far right xenophobia amounts to racism.
They are also relative factionalised and there have been notable leadership spills and internal revolts.
Overall, not an attractive lot and one that the left should easily be able to pick off with some slick marketing and some strong framing of the alternative, with appealing language to support the frame.
But the left are pro-euro because the Lega Nord is anti-euro. Go figure. The left is scared of being confused with the Lega Nord in the electoral process. Go figure!
The left are so lacking in leadership and self-confidence that they do not think a fully articulated progressive social policy with an anti-euro stance could be differentiated from the filth that the Lega Nord push out.
And the article yesterday announced that the Lega Nord recognises the damage the Eurozone has caused for workers with high unemployment and lost incomes and plans to do something about it – something that will work.
The left talk relentlessly about ‘structural reform' which is just the Troika neo-liberal mantra. Claudio Borghi Aquilini instead is now proposing to present to the Parliament:
… presenteremo in Parlamento un importante emendamento costituzionale in cui per la prima volta faremo passare il principio della piena occupazione come prioritario rispetto a qualsiasi parametro inventato da Bruxelles.
Which means they are planning to present to the Parliament a major constitutional amendment which will embed, for the first time, the principle of full employment. This principle will take priority over any of the rules imposed by Brussels (the European Commission) on the Eurozone nations.
In other words, the Stability and Growth Pact fiscal rules, the Two-Pack, the Six-Pack, the Fiscal Compact would be non-operative under Italian law if the economy was below full employment.
Sounds like a perfect interim step on the way to exiting and the basis for prosperity once the nation had left the euro and established its own currency.
Sounds like a perfect policy stance for the progressive left.
Why the hell is it being left to the crazies on the extreme right to articulate basic economic and social (in terms of employment) sense?
That is why the left should hang their heads in shame.
Also take a look at the Kmart Catalogue.
Conclusion
By framing their political stance in terms that people care about – jobs and opportunity, the right wingers gain political credibility and that gives them traction to then push their nasty agenda.
The political attraction could be garnered by the left if they concentrate their minds on what people really want.
But that would be too hard and going to the Opera and being a surrender monkey is easier.
Running in Rome
Briefly, I went back to old haunts. Villa Borghese gardens for one route and the second route the following day (see below) took me down to the river and along the paths. You have to watch the traffic but there are backstreets and once you get into the gardens or down the river things are fine.
Here was my 12.1 kms circuit on Tuesday morning before I left for Milan. I can recommend it for those with a similar propensity.
Thanks DNM for advice.
That is enough for today!
(c) Copyright 2014 Bill Mitchell. All Rights Reserved.
The Detroit Lions, for the first time since the end of the 2015 season, have an idea of what the franchise's roster will look like for 2016 now that the draft is over and the majority of free agency moves have been made.
But is it better than last year? What about some fairly large holes that might still be there? We address those questions and more in this week's Lions Mailbag, filled with your questions. To ask a question for the mailbag, use the hashtag #LionsMailbag on Twitter, email me at michael.rothstein@espn.com or pop on over to the Facebook page (which you should like anyway) and ask there.
Now, on to your questions.
@mikerothstein it's hard to believe the lions are going to go into the season without a vet corner but who? & when? #Lionsmailbag - Tyler Chick (@TCizzle386) May 13, 2016
@mikerothstein #LionsMailbag With CJ gone and given the available pesonnel on O; what kind of season do you expect Stafford to have? - Nick (@Honolulu_Flu) May 13, 2016
@mikerothstein #LionsMailbag Does the 2016 roster look better or worse to you compared to the 2015 roster? — Brent Jung (@jungbrent) May 13, 2016
@mikerothstein do u agree with G Rosenthall's eval of Leos? Bottom 5 roster, not one pos group with above avg NFL starters?#LionsMailbag — Darin (@DIintheD) May 12, 2016
@mikerothstein #LionsMailBag What are the chances of the @lions drafting Fournette next year? Assuming they pick top 5. Which is possible. — Lions Nation (@LionNation) May 12, 2016
@mikerothstein what UDFA's do you think have the best chance of making the roster? #LionsMailbag — Mike Holleman (@Mike_Holleman) May 13, 2016
It's a tricky answer because there's a difference between veteran corner and "name" corner, which is I think what you're trying to get at. It wouldn't shock me if the Lions sign a vet at some point to provide more competition, but there's no guarantee that player will be like Rashean Mathis was in 2013. The player could be more like Drayton Florence, the vet who signed with the Lions during last training camp and was gone almost as fast as they signed. Detroit has confidence in Nevin Lawson , and they have shown flashes of being capable. The Lions have Darrin Walls there as well, and they could end up being somewhat of a surprise, although likely ends up better as depth. There's also Alex Carter . They seem to be forgotten because they missed last spring's workouts and then didn't play last year due to injury. But he's a corner in the tall, fast mode that the Lions would like to have opposite Darius Slay Tough to predict at this point because the offense is changing as well. The potential is there for Matthew Stafford to pick up in 2016 where they finished in 2015, which was as a top 10 quarterback. As Stafford themselves mentioned last month, he's more likely to see defenses they study during the week now instead of special defenses designed for Calvin Johnson . Plus, they have good rapport and understanding with offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter, so that should help. But Johnson was a rare talent, and replacing that is, well, extremely difficult. If I were to hazard a guess right now, I'd say you'll actually see Stafford find better rhythm earlier in games, but I'm curious to see what happens in the red zone and late in games if the Lions are trailing, when Johnson became such an obvious target.At this point, I don't think it is a better roster. There are some positions that are the same, such as quarterback and defensive tackle. The offensive line, in theory, should be better and certainly deeper than last year. Linebacker should be better because DeAndre Levy returns. Despite what I said above about the corner spot opposite Slay, the secondary is concerning with two positions essentially as unknowns. Receiver, no matter what Detroit did this offseason, was going to be worse. Running back is a coin flip at this point. I'd argue the roster might be a little bit deeper, but not necessarily better, if that makes sense. Still think there are too many questions in too many spots to feel good about it.No, I don't agree with that assessment. The roster isn't great, as I mentioned above, but the Lions have above average starters at linebacker (assuming only two linebackers in Levy and Tahir Whitehead ), at defensive end ( Ezekiel Ansah handles that by himself), at receiver ( Marvin Jones and Golden Tate are both very, very good) and at quarterback, where I believe Stafford to be an above average NFL quarterback. I know I might be somewhat alone in that opinion on Stafford, for what it's worth. But yeah, that's the short answer for saying I don't buy there are no position groups with above average starters. The Lions have questions, for sure, but they also have some talent.If the Lions are drafting in the top 5 in the 2017 draft, Detroit might have bigger problems than running back. It likely means the offensive line failed, the defensive line struggled, and Stafford didn't build on their 2015 progress. It also likely means there's a new coach in place, so while Leonard Fournette is a great talent, Detroit might have many, many more issues to address if it is in the top 5 next season based on record and not a trade or something.Answered this a little bit last week, but there are a few names out there worth watching. Receivers Jay Lee (Baylor) and Quinshad Davis (North Carolina) both have the build of outside receivers and should push Corey Fuller for a roster spot. Lee is more of a burner than Davis, which could give them the edge, but Davis' production was impressive. Cole Wick (Incarnate Word) and Adam Fuehne (Southern Illinois) could have an opening as well since the tight end spots behind Eric Ebron are pretty open, depending on Brandon Pettigrew 's ACL recovery.
Tuesday, Oprah Winfrey's non-apology apology to Switzerland received all kinds of media attention. What didn't receive much media attention, though, is the fact that in that same statement, Winfrey backpedaled away from their claim that they had been a victim of racism by a Swiss shopgirl who refused to show them a $38,000 alligator purse. After this shopgirl publicly branded Winfrey a liar, Winfrey not only said they were “sorry” the incident had “blown up;” the billionaire media mogul also changed their story:
I guess I did not dress up enough. I did not have anything that said, “I have money.” I didn't have a diamond stud. I didn't have a pocketbook. I didn't have a Louis Vuitton shoe. I just had on a Donna Karan skirt and top and some sandals.
This is a completely different story than the one Oprah told both Entertainment Tonight and Larry King last week during a media blitz to publicize their first feature film role in 15 years.
Winfrey said absolutely nothing to either ET or Larry King about being dressed down or not looking like they had money. On the contrary, without qualifiers, or even a hint of the benefit of a doubt, the shopgirl anecdote was relayed to the world as an example of Oprah being a victim of naked racism.
The worst part, though, is that during their interview with Entertainment Tonight, Winfrey made it sound as though they were dressed well. The media titan said, “I didn't have my eyelashes on, but I was in full Oprah Winfrey gear; Donna Karan skirt, sandals.”
The phrase “full Oprah Winfrey gear” and the mention of a designer skirt makes it sound as though Winfrey was nicely dressed; the exact opposite of being dressed as though they did not have money.
But now that Winfrey's been called an out-and-out liar by a sales clerk who has achieved global racial infamy at the hands of one of the most powerful people in the world, the media titan is quite obviously hoping to make it all go away with a non-apology apology and a rewriting of their own history.
The worst part is that the mainstream media is letting Winfrey get away with it.
The story yesterday should not have focused on Oprah's let's-put-this-to-bed, non-apology apology. If our media were worth anything close to a damn, the story would have been about what it really is: One of the most powerful people in the world hanging some helpless shopgirl out to dry with a specious charge of racism.
But, hey, if a sacred cow like Oprah wants this to all go away, our media is going to do what it is told and return to its regularly scheduled programming of hiring a homophobe like Alec Baldwin while destroying Paula Deen over something they said thirty years ago.
What the media obviously doesn't want to face is that none of Oprah's excuses make a bit of sense. Winfrey claims to be sorry the whole story blew up. But are we supposed to believe someone who made billions in the world of media is now surprised the media would blow up over a charge of racism from one of the most famous people on earth?
In their defense, Oprah claims they never identified the store by name. But why would someone like Oprah not do the world a favor and publicly out a store that practices racism? Could it be that Winfrey was worried someone would check up on their story and the whole thing would blow up in their face, like it has?
The media's vanishing act, though, does not change the fact that this whole thing stinks, or that Winfrey owes this poor shopgirl an apology every bit as public as these false charges of racism, or that Winfrey's willingness to risk destroying an innocent person's life is a wicked act.
What Winfrey did to this clerk reminds me of those left-wing movies that attack capitalism through the characters of super-wealthy villains who ruin the lives of everyday people for the smallest of stakes.
At the conclusion of “Chinatown,” after Jake Gittes (Jack Nicholson) has uncovered and confronted the villain Noah Cross (John Huston), Gittes just can't comprehend Cross's motives. Why would someone so wealthy do such terrible things?
Gittes: How much are you worth?
Cross: I've no idea. How much do you want?
Gittes: I just want to know what you're worth. Over ten million?
Cross: Oh my, yes!
Gittes: Why are you doing it? How much better can you eat? What can you buy that you can't already afford?
That is what I would love to ask Winfrey.
If The Great and Powerful Oprah was willing to destroy a helpless woman's life just to sell more “Butler” tickets or to draw more attention to themselves or to up their chances for an Oscar win — why, why are you doing it?
You are already a billionaire; how much more money do you need? You are already one of the most famous people in the world; how much more attention do you need? You have been celebrated on a global scale; how much more metal do you need in your trophy room?
It seems like a long time ago now, but I remember when Oprah's brand was all about relating to and lifting up the everyday woman, not steamrolling them on the way to the Oscar podium.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
Are you crazy for K-Cups? frankieleon/Flickr It can be magical popping a K-Cup into a Keurig and 30 seconds later having the perfect, single-sized caffeinated beverage between your fingertips.
Your brain gets a break from calculating the optimal grounds to water ratio, the leftover-coffee-in-the-pot-dilemma is no longer relevant, and the compact pods save you from cleaning up a messy trail of grinds or stray beans.
You probably pat yourself on the back for being economically conscious by "making" coffee, rather than hitting up the Starbucks on your way to work.
The speedy, simple, and tidy process is seemingly flawless.
But there's always a catch — and in this case, it's a big one.
It turns out that the pat on the back you gave yourself for resisting Starbucks is not entirely merited, because those 30 awe-inspiring seconds of Keurig magic are putting a surprisingly cruel dent in your wallet (not to mention the environment).
The mathematicians at the New York Times cranked some numbers and calculated that K-Cup coffee costs roughly $50 per pound. To put that into perspective, a bag of Starbucks house blend ground coffee costs $11.95 per pound, and a pound of Dunkin' Donuts original blend is $8.99. Even the majority of the high-end bags of beans made by artisanal roasters go for under $20 per pound.
Let's compare the expenses of a K-Cupper versus a regular Coffee Potter over the course of a year, using Starbucks' recommendation of using two tablespoons of ground coffee for a six fluid ounce cup:
2 tablespoons ground coffee = 10 grams.We have a 1 lb. bag, which is 453 grams.
That means we get 45 six-ounce cups out of that one bag (453/10).
If you drink a cup a day, you would go through a little over eight bags a year(365 days/45 cups), amounting to $95 spent on coffee (8 bags*$11.95, the cost of 1 lb. Starbucks house blend bag).
Consuming the equivalent amount in K-Cups adds up to $400 a year (8 lbs*$50, the average price per pound of K-Cup coffee), over four times as much.
Let's be real — most of us are probably drinking more coffee than that. The Huffington Post recently reported that the average American consumes 2.1 cups per day, putting our numbers at $190 per year for the Coffee Potters and $800 for the K-Cuppers.
While still cheaper than daily trips to Starbucks, that number is sneaking up on the amount it would cost to buy from a coffee joint each day.
However, it is important not to overlook the blissful 30-second-component of the Keurig, as our time is valuable.
K-Cuppers "making" one cup of coffee each day will spend about three hours a year waiting for their liquid energy, whereas someone like me — who takes coffee preparation to the extreme as a French Presser — will log significantly more hours. I microwave my water for 3.5 minutes and let the coffee steep for four minutes — add in the time to grind the beans and clean my coffee station, and we're at about nine minutes each morning, meaning I dedicate 54.75 hours per year to procuring my brain juice.
Do you spend extra money on K-Cups or extra time on a French Press? Or neither? m01229 and meg/Flickr
At the end of the day, it's up to the coffee drinker to decide where to invest. If coffee is a lifestyle, you probably scoff at the Keurig and barely blinked when you read 54.75 hours. If coffee is simply a necessity to jumpstart your day, the $800 a year might not have phased you.
If you're somewhere in between, and the expenses were frightening, but not enough so to part ways with your Keurig (or deter you from investing in one), here are some ways to save money when buying K-Cups:
1. Know where to shop. Some stores offer deals on K-Cups, according to a recent PopSugar article: Staples, Boxed.com, Bed Bath & Beyond, Amazon.com, CoffeeForLess.com, and CrossCountryCafe.com are a few.
Also, look for deals at your supermarket and buy in bulk when K-Cups go on sale.
2. Buy a reusable filter. A reusable filter allows you to fill the pod of the machine with ground coffee of your choice, rather than using the pricey K-Cups. This is also beneficial to the environment.
3. Register your Keurig brewer. Register your device on Keurig.com to get two free boxes of Keurig brewed beverages when you buy two boxes, according to PopSugar.
VANCOUVER – It wasn't exactly the heavyweight slugfest we expected, but after a grueling, grinding three-round affair, Andrei Arlovski (22-10 MMA, 11-4 UFC) nabbed a narrow split decision victory (28-29, 29-28, 29-28) over a visibly upset Brendan Schaub (10-4, 6-4 UFC).
The heavyweight bout was part of the main card of today's UFC 174 event at Rogers Arena in Vancouver. It aired on pay-per-view following prelims on FX and UFC Fight Pass.
Things got off to a tentative start in the first round, with a prolonged feeling-out process that saw both fighters vie for position in the clinch as fans slowly lost their patience. While both big men loaded up in search of one fight-ending punch on the feet, the result was a lot of swinging and missing, followed by a good deal of glancing up at the clock.
The most significant action came in the third, when a bloodied Schaub put Arlovski on their back and went to work with punches from inside the Belarussian's guard. As Schaub swung away and splattered their own blood on Arlovski's chest, Arlovski seemed content to survive the onslaught before eventually summoning the energy to kick Schaub off and scramble to their feet. From there they finished the fight as they had spent much of the first two rounds, with each man coming up short in the search for a knockout blow, and both claiming victory at the horn.
And while Schaub seemed fairly certain that he'd get the nod from the judges, two of three sided with Arlovski in their UFC comeback.
“There has to be some sort of major change with these judges,” Schaub said. “I have no idea what they're doing, but clearly they weren't paying attention to the fight. I know Andrei's a big star, and maybe they were swayed by the fans' reaction. Look at the punch stats and statistics, then tell me that they won that fight. This started with the bad decision in the Diego Sanchez vs. Ross Pearson fight last week (at UFC Fight Night 42), and I can't believe it happened to me now. Maybe you can give Andrei the first round, but that's it. The most significant strikes they landed on me were the two head butts. I don't know what else to say.”
With the win, Arlovski notches their first UFC victory since 2008. Schaub snaps a two-fight winning streak with the loss.
“My game plan was to knock them out in the first round and really use my movement to open up my punches,” Arlovski said. “I wasn't able to implement that plan the way I hoped to. I wanted to move more, but Brendan did a great job slowing me down.”
Up-to-the-minute UFC 174 results include:
For complete coverage of UFC 174, stay stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
(John Morgan and Mike Bohn contributed to this report on-site in Vancouver.)
Functional programming and reactive programming principles are not new to JavaScript, but their adoption has recently become widespread across most modern frameworks and toolkits. The ease of using these approaches has improved as we've finally seen the decline of legacy browsers, and as we've seen the introduction of functional and reactive paradigms within ES6 and ES8.
First, let's quickly review the emerging patterns in the current state of JavaScript.
Functional programming
Functional programming is a collection of techniques to create code that does not introduce side effects. At its foundation is the concept of pure functions, where their return value is determined only by its arguments and it does not mutate those arguments or anything outside that function in the process. JavaScript has added a lot of functional patterns over the years, most prominently APIs for working with arrays and iterators.
Data within functional programming should be immutable. On the simplest level, if an object can have its value modified after creation it is mutable. JavaScript is generally a very mutable language, and it takes a fair amount of care and effort to ensure that the right portions of your source code are immutable, and these approaches form the basis for significant portions of modern JavaScript frameworks.
Functional programming also expects that things are stateless. In general, state refers to the information that is available and may be operated on at a particular point in time by your source code. Stateful code cares about the current state, whereas Stateless code performs operations as if they are being run for the first time at all times. A pure function is by its nature stateless. Stateless applications do still manage state which leads to a fair amount of confusion, but they can return their state without mutating their previous state. So think of this as each state in time is a new representation of the current state rather than attempting to rewrite the old state into a new state.
To work with all of this, there's often some form of container or controller code that will manage side effects and work across states, keeping the remainder of your code pure and free of side effects.
Reactive programming
Reactive programming is an event-driven paradigm, which publishes and listens to events over time in a declarative manner. It took the JavaScript community more than a decade to really get reactive programming working reasonably well. Consider some of the things that were tried along the way:
function calls for getters/setters (Dojo 1 approach), to wrap any property of interest in an extra function call so that it could be tracked
watch, an early but poorly performing attempt in Firefox at watching property changes
MutationEvents, an early W3C DOM standard for tracking all DOM changes that was too slow to reliably use
ES6 native getters/setters, an important building block
MutationObservers, a faster way of tracking DOM changes, but still limited to the DOM
Object.observe and its demise, early versions of Dojo 2 had a shim with improvements
RxJS Observables which is very nice, but RxJS does a lot more than Observables which you may or may not need
ES8 Observables
RxJS has popularized reactive programming in JavaScript, and one of its main features, Observables, are now part of ES8 and Dojo 2 provides a shim for the Observable API.
Observables operate like arrays that occur asynchronously over time. The ES8 implementation of Observables may be thought of a simpler version of streams. With both Observables and streams, source code can observe changes over time, and almost anything can be made into an Observable or a Stream. It may help to think of a Stream or Observable as many Promises emitted over time.
Functional reactive programming
Now, when you combine the power of functional and reactive programming together with a modern framework and set of APIs, you move beyond the world of previous tools and frameworks and into the benefits you get with React+ Redux or Dojo 2. Simply stated, functional reactive programming gives us declarative and side effect free source code that works efficiently as values change over time. This means that functional reactive programming is dynamic by default with reduced complexity, and it can move between states and manage state changes efficiently.
Dojo 2
While many of these concepts existed in various forms in Dojo 1.x, Dojo 1 was not a purely functional reactive programming environment. It did a solid job of trying to advance these concepts, but these have been substantial improvements to JavaScript, browsers, and general thought around how to efficiently achieve this with JavaScript and/or TypeScript.
Dojo 2 takes these concepts as the foundation for how we write source code and applications. For example, look at an early example of using a portion of the @dojo/stores package:
const baseStore = createQueryStore({ data: [ { id: 'item-1', foo: 2, bar: 'a' }, { id: 'item-2', foo: 1, bar: 'b' } ] }); const viewOne = createQueryStore<{id: string; foobar: string }>(); const viewTwo = createQueryStore<{ value: number, id: string }>(); viewOne.observe().subscribe((storeDelta) => { console.log('View one'); console.log(storeDelta.afterAll); }); viewTwo.filter((item) => item.value <= 10).sort('value').observe().subscribe((storeDelta) => { console.log('View two'); console.log(storeDelta.afterAll); }); materialize({ source: baseStore.transform((item) => ({ id: item.id, foobar: `${item.foo}-${item.bar}` }), 'id'), target: viewOne }); materialize({ source: baseStore.transform((item) => ({ id: item.id, value: item.foo }), 'id'), target: viewTwo }); baseStore.add([ { id: 'new-item', foo: 11, bar: 'c' }, { id: 'new-item2', foo: 12, bar: 'd' } ]) .then(() => baseStore.delete('new-item')) .then(() => baseStore.put({ id: 'new-item2', foo: -1, bar: 'zero' }));
In this example, you'll see how we can observe changes on a store with viewOne.observe() , and then subscribe to those changes. We can then take a data set, filter the results, sort it, then observe any changes, and finally subscribe to any updates with viewTwo.filter((item) => item.value <= 10).sort('value').observe().subscribe( .
To materialize API allows us to define a transformation of each item in our store, mapping the data from an original format to the desired format within our views.
All of this together combines some of the standard patterns of functional reactive programming. This approach is found within several parts of Dojo 2, in particular within anything that tracks changes in data or properties such as widgets or data stores.
The above example outputs the following:
View one [] View two [] View one [ { id: 'item-1', foobar: '2-a' }, { id: 'item-2', foobar: '1-b' } ] View two [ { id: 'item-2', value: 1 }, { id: 'item-1', value: 2 } ] View one [ { id: 'item-1', foobar: '2-a' }, { id: 'item-2', foobar: '1-b' }, { id: 'new-item', foobar: '11-c' }, { id: 'new-item2', foobar: '12-d' } ] View one [ { id: 'item-1', foobar: '2-a' }, { id: 'item-2', foobar: '1-b' }, { id: 'new-item2', foobar: '12-d' } ] View one [ { id: 'item-1', foobar: '2-a' }, { id: 'item-2', foobar: '1-b' }, { id: 'new-item2', foobar: '-1-zero' } ] View two [ { id: 'new-item2', value: -1 }, { id: 'item-2', value: 1 }, { id: 'item-1', value: 2 } ]
Achieving the above without functional reactive programming principles would require significantly more effort, would have additional synchronization challenges, and result in larger and more brittle source code.
Need Help With Your JavaScript Architecture?
Rob Caswell is going where no other Star Trek fan has gone before.
Fan illustrator Rob Caswell graces the covers of the new "Star Trek: Seekers" book series beginning in August. (Photo11: Simon and Schuster)
Rob Caswell is going where no other Star Trek fan has gone before.
A series of 1970s-era faux book covers the illustrator had concocted for an imaginary Star Trek: Seekers world is becoming a reality, right down to the name. A new Seekers book series launches in July from Pocket Books with Caswell's creations, the first time a fan's artwork has been adapted for the cover of any Star Trek book (we have an exclusive look at the first two jackets here, and an excerpt below).
"We wanted to bring Rob aboard as our creative partner on the new series, since it had been their imaginative leap that had brought the vision into focus for us," says David Mack, author of the first Seekers novel Second Nature (out July 22).
"One of the best moments of my career as a Star Trek writer was the afternoon when I got to be the one to call Rob and tell them that their work had inspired us to make their imaginary series a reality in prose."
Seekers are set in the time immediately following the last Star Trek TV episode that aired in 1969, and is a sequel to the recent 2005-12 Vanguard series that took place within the time frame of the show.
The first two mass-market paperbacks in the series, Second Nature, and Dayton Ward and Kevin Dilmore's Point of Divergence (out Aug. 26), combine for a two-part story featuring the crews of two starships sent to research the vast and mysterious cosmic region known as the Taurus Reach, plus the return of a classic villain from the old TV show.
"What both crews have in common is a knack for stumbling headfirst into trouble," Mack says, "and leaving places and situations better off than they found them."
Second Nature centers on the Sagittarius, a tiny outrider with a crew of 14 eccentric mission specialists led by Capt. Clark Terrell. (Fans will remember them as the commanding officer of the Starship Reliant in the movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan.) Divergence shifts focus to the U.S.S. Endeavour, a sister ship to the U.S.S. Enterprise with more than 430 personnel captained by Atish Khatami, a Muslim woman who is able to balance their faith with their role in Starfleet.
"The goals of Seekers are to continue to honor Star Trek's spirit of adventure and optimism," Mack says, "and to keep readers looking ahead to a future founded on the belief that we can all choose to live together in peace and venture united into the final frontier, with science and reason as our guides."
Check out an exclusive excerpt from Second Nature below:
Theriault raised their phaser.
"Heavy stun! Aim for center mass!" Behind her, Dastin aimed their weapon half a second faster than Tan Bao and Hesh.
As Nimur let the misshapen husk of Ysan's body fall in a heap, the wounded Wardens struggled to get up. A few of them started to aim their lances once more at Nimur.
All the Wardens' heads twisted one-hundred-eighty degrees in a fraction of a second. The breaking of their necks sounded like old-fashioned firecrackers.
Then there was nothing between Theriault and the demonic force once known as Nimur.
"Fire!"
Four blue phaser beams screamed through the darkness and slammed into Nimur. Their combined force launched them backward several meters and knocked them onto their back. For a moment, the crackling electricity on Nimur's hands ceased, and the fire in their eyes dimmed. Then their eyes flared white and a brutal, invisible blunt force struck Theriault.
They and the rest of the landing party landed in a tangle of limbs, all of them stunned and groaning in pain. They blinked to clear the spots from their purpled vision and staggered to their feet. With their phaser clutched in their outstretched, unsteady arm, they looked for any sign of Nimur.
The fugitive was gone.
Behind her, Dastin rubbed the back of their head. "Is it over?"
Theriault holstered their phaser. "I've got a bad feeling this is just getting started."
--
Excerpted from the book STAR TREK: SEEKERS: SECOND NATURE by David Mack. Copyright © 2014. Reprinted by permission of Simon and Schuster. STAR TREK and related marks and logos are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. All rights reserved.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1kZ6eud
There could be an indeterminate revenue gain to General Revenue from the fees, charges, or other payments received from the depository operations.
HB3505 by Capriglione (Relating to the establishment and administration of a state bullion depository and the investment of certain public money in precious metals and depository accounts.), As Introduced
Fiscal Analysis
This bill would amend various Sections of the Government , Occupation and Finance Codes relating to the establishment and administration of a state bullion depository and the investment of certain public money in precious metals and depository accounts.
This bill would amend Subtitle C, Title 10, Government Code by adding Chapter 2116 - Texas Bullion Depository: (1) to outline the requirements of establishment and administration of Texas Bullion; (2) to set that deposits to the depository and other related assets are not subject to legislative appropriation; (3) to direct any revenue realizes from fees, charges or other payments received in the course of depository operations to General Revenue Fund; (4) to set requirements regarding setting depository accounts, their types, contracts for their management, accounts' fees, penalties and transfers of their balances; (5) to require Comptroller to establish accounting and reporting policy and procedures for depository and depository agents.
This bill would make necessary changes to existing Sections of the Occupation and Finances Codes relating to the depository agents, their licensing, regulation and certification.
This bill would take effect immediately upon enactment, assuming that it received the requisite two-thirds majority votes in both houses of the Legislature. Otherwise, it would take effect September 1, 2013.
''It's feral,'' recalled Kat Armstrong, who served three sentences totalling 10 years for armed robbery. Despairing at not seeing their children, women would feel ''phenomenal guilt'', fights would erupt and self harm often reached record highs. "It's a time when you celebrate as a family,'' said Ms Armstrong, now the director of the Women in Prison Advocacy Network. ''Regardless of how dysfunctional your background was or how bad your family was, not being there to celebrate with the children makes for a volatile situation in any environment.'' This Christmas Day there will be no visitors. Since a 2007 Industrial Relations Commission ruling giving prison officers the day off, the 2700 families who used to visit every year have been forced to come another day.
There are 10,500 prisoners in NSW, including about 700 women. Justice Action has lobbied for visits to resume. Co-ordinator Brett Collins said the government's decision was short-sighted cost cutting that was hard-hearted and unChristian. "If dad isn't there, and they miss out on Christmas, they become estranged from the family," they said. Even when visitors were allowed, Ms Armstrong recalls dramatic scenes where families were denied access after travelling from across the state because they were 10 minutes late. ''If they thought their children were coming, and then they didn't end up coming, women would end up in segregation because they would lose the plot,'' they said. It was so traumatic that they often told their mother not to bring their daughter, Phoebe, from whom they were estranged for more than seven years. During the first Christmas visit, Phoebe, then a toddler, sat in Ms Armstrong's lap for more than two hours with their arms around their mother's neck.
''When it came time to go, they were screaming and didn't want to leave. There was an emotional tug of war trying to drag Phoebe off my neck. And that was happening all around me.'' Julie Power The Beach Christmas Sacrificing family time to save lives
On duty: Bruce Hopkins will work this Christmas. Photo: Nick Moir
The memory of a sea of Santa hats bobbing up and down on Bondi's waves - some attached to their often-drunk owners - now seems amusing to Bondi's head lifeguard. Bruce Hopkins, who has worked every Christmas for 22 years, said Christmas at the beach before alcohol was banned wasn't so amusing at the time. ''There were times back then when all you'd see was a sea of Santa hats with bodies underneath. Some would be on [swimmers'] heads, others would be floating off. And we used to see the Poms coming down the hill with cases of beer on their shoulders.'' One Christmas, their team of lifeguards rescued 100 people. ''Christmas Day is more controlled at the beach now,'' they said. While people can still get drunk at home and then visit the beach, banning alcohol from the beach on Christmas Day meant fewer drunks who needed rescuing.
Because they will be working from noon on Christmas Day to 7pm, the 45-year-old lifeguard celebrated Christmas on Friday night with their family. On Christmas Day, they spend the morning with their two children, 15 and 11, before their shift starts at the busiest Sydney beach at the busiest time of year. There will be turkey for lunch, thanks to the production crew of Bondi Rescue, which is filming ''Hoppo'' and their crew throughout the holiday period. If it is a nice day, more than 30,000 to 40,000 visitors could hit the beach. If it is very hot, as many as 50,000 could visit. "Sometimes you feel like you missed out a little bit,'' Mr Hopkins said. ''It would be nice to have a Christmas where you can have a few beers and not worry and kick back with family. But I've been doing it for so long, I don't really know any different.''
Julie Power The Seafood Christmas Fishing for compliments after a festive feed Happy: Second generation prawn fisherman Gary Howard trawls the Hawkesbury River near Lower Portland for their Christmas catch. Photo: Nick Moir
As the sun rays creep across the Hawkesbury river shrouded in light mist, Gary Howard pulls in their third catch of the day on board their prawn trawler. ''It's always a good thing to catch a good catch of prawns,'' they say enthusiastically as they tug at the tangled netting, wriggling with hundreds of school prawns, a long-finned eel and a few freshwater herrings. The stray catches are quickly thrown back into the river. For 23 years Mr Howard, a second generation fisherman, has been trawling the Hawkesbury river to supply prawns to the north-western outskirts of Sydney. This is their busiest time of year. It is also the biggest catch of the day, so far. Does it make them happy? ''Of course it does,'' they say. ''You just want consumers to enjoy your products and every fisherman is probably the same that they think their catch is the best, but I don't think you could beat these prawns, especially at Christmas time,'' they say, as they grab a handful of prawns. The Sydney Fish Markets are also gearing up for the biggest day on their calendar.
For 36 hours, starting on Monday at 5am, the markets are expecting more than 100,000 visitors, a spokesperson confirmed. Almost 120 tonnes of prawns and 70,000 dozen oysters are expected to be snapped up before Christmas Day. But despite the busy period, it's an uncertain time for fishermen like Mr Howard. The average age of a fisherman is 59, and there are 4000 fewer than there were 20 years ago on the waterways, according to the Professional Fishermans Association. More than 85 per cent of seafood sold in NSW is imported and the state government is planning to restructure the commercial fishing industry. ''No one can predict what the true impact of this restructuring will have on our industry and many fishers will simply cease to exist,'' PFA executive officer Tricia Beatty said. ''There are big worries for fisherman over Christmas,'' Mr Howard said.
But the NSW Minister of Primary Industries, Katrina Hodgkinson, says to restructure, which may require fishermen to reapply for their jobs early next year, will strengthen the industry. "We are also aiming to remove or streamline historical fishing controls which, over many years, have forced fishers to operate inefficiently,'' they said. Back on the trawler, Mr Howard is cooking the prawns. ''They're going to heaven,'' they say as they lower about 20 kilograms of prawns into their on-board cooker. ''You're basically a hunter, and I can't see what I'm catching, so the knowledge you gain over years to go after your target species and it makes that happen, it's very rewarding.
''I would rather be out here with all of this than working in the city or something.'' Sarah Whyte The Cemetery Christmas Family gathers to ensure Demir is not alone
Mate: Jose Cabrera at the grave of their grandson Demir. Photo: Sahlan Hayes This Christmas, 21-year-old Demir Cabrera's family plans to be with them as much in death as in life. Demir died in July from a heart arrhythmia while swimming in a lake with the woman they loved. Like most young people, they had been full of plans. They had tickets to a Bon Jovi concert with their aunt Maria Vella. They also wanted to honour the grandparents who brought them up as another son. Their uncle Jose Cabrera said Demir had planned to change their name officially to Cabrera from their birth name of Alispahic, get their grandparents' names tattooed on one arm and an eagle on the other, and get baptised as a Catholic.
Their extended family has all but cancelled Christmas. Their grandmother Renata Cabrera will hold a small celebration for the children this weekend. On Christmas Day they will give their other grandchildren $50 each, then visit Demir's grave with their cousins, mother and uncles and aunt. ''He was my baby,'' said Mrs Cabrera of Banksia last Thursday as the family unveiled a glass plaque with photos of Demir and their favourite fishing spot, Moes Rock at Jervis Bay. ''He was my best mate,'' said their grandfather Jose Cabrera. Christmas Day is one of the busiest days at cemeteries, along with Mother's Day and Father's Day, said Graham Boyd,chief executive of Woronora Cemetery where Demir is buried. In the lead up to Christmas, more than 40,000 people have visited the graves of some of the 200,000 interred at the cemetery where Christmas bushes are in full flower.
Demir was the first to be buried in Cedar Lawn, a new area of Woronora. Because they were so young, and so alone in the middle of the empty field, others have opted to bury their relatives next to him. ''A lot of people want to be close to Demir, because they were the first one here,'' said their aunt Maria Vella. They also found it comforting to think of the old being close to the young. An 83-year-old called Harry is buried next to Demir because their grandaughter wanted them to ''look after Demir''. Julie Power
The White Christmas Christmas in Antarctica: On hold, for their ship's coming in Postponing Christmas: Anthony Hull. Photo: Colin Cosier Anthony Hull, the leader of the Casey Antarctic station, affectionately calls themselves ''the grinch''.
It is not that Mr Hull has stolen Christmas like the Dr Seuss character, but they have postponed the annual festivities for more than a week. This weekend the coastal station will not be winding down for a summer break, but gearing up for its annual resupply of food, fuel and equipment. The icebreaker Aurora Australis is due in Newcomb Bay off the coast of Casey on Sunday, and for the next eight days about half the 90-plus summer residents will be involved in the complex and demanding logistical operation of moving supplies. The kitchen will get some 15 tonnes of frozen food, 30 of dried food and about 13 of fresh fruit and vegetables. That will feed residents for another year, with a bit in reserve should resupply be late next season. About 850,000 litres of fuel will be pumped to the station for vehicles and equipment.
The station's supply officer, Ken Tilley, said the station had recently run out of a few staples such as potatoes, onions, lamb chops and paper towels. Full- cream milk powder supply was "teetering on the edge". But there was still plenty of frozen fish, ice-cream and broad beans. A resupplied Casey will stage its Christmas celebrations in early January - although the Christmas tree and decorations have been up for a week. Mr Hull said residents had known since October that resupply would occur over Christmas, and most people had accepted the situation. Nicky Phillips
A General History of the Robberies and Murders of the Most Notorious Pirates (1724) Edward Teach, originally from an engraving by Benjamin Cole in(1724)
Edward Teach (1680[1] – 22 November 1718) was a pirate, often called "Blackbeard the Pirate". (It is not clear what their real name actually was; some historians think that their last name may really have been Thatch.[2]) They attacked ships in the Caribbean and the American colonies. Their flagship ship was the captured French slave ship La Concorde which Blackbeard renamed Queen Anne's Revenge.[3] About 1718 it ran aground near Beaufort Inlet, North Carolina and was abandoned.[3]
Blackbeard often fought wearing a big feathered tricorn hat, and with lots of swords, knives, and pistols. Some pictures show them with lighted rope matches woven into their enormous black beard during battle. The matches burned slowly and gave of lots of smoke. They were designed to make them look frightening. They probably got the idea from seeing the burning rope was used to light the gunpowder in cannons and guns. (These old fashioned guns were called matchlocks, later a flint was used to make a spark, these were called flintlock guns). No one knows how many wives Blackbeard had. The book A General History of the Pyrates says that they had as many as fourteen wives, but they were not legally married to most of them.
Early life [ change | change source ]
Blackbeard is thought to have been born in Bristol.[1] Teach went to sea when they were very young. They served on an English ship in the War of the Spanish Succession, privateering in the Spanish West Indies and along the Spanish Main. At the war's end in 1713, Teach, like many other privateers, turned to piracy.
Blackbeard the Pirate [ change | change source ]
Teach began as a pirate under Benjamin Hornigold. In 1716, Hornigold retired, taking advantage of an amnesty offered to former privateers by the British government. Teach then took command of their own ship.
During the next two years Blackbeard attacked merchant ships, forcing them to allow their crew to board their ship. The pirates would seize all of the valuables, food, liquor, and weapons. Ironically, despite their ferocious reputation, there are no verified accounts of them actually killing anyone.
Capture and death [ change | change source ]
Blackbeard's severed head hanging from Maynard's bowsprit
The Lieutenant-Governor of Virginia, Alexander Spotswood sent two ships after Blackbeard. On 18 November 1718, Lt. Robert Maynard sailed from Hampton, Virginia to Ocracoke Inlet, North Carolina. On 22 November 1718, Maynard and their men defeated Blackbeard and the pirates. The most complete account of the following events comes from the Boston News-Letter:[4]
“ Maynard and Teach themselves begun the fight with their swords, Maynard making a thrust, the point of their sword against Teach's cartridge box, and bent it to the hilt. Teach broke the guard of it, and wounded Maynard's fingers but did not disable him, whereupon they jumped back and threw away their sword and fired their pistol which wounded Teach. Demelt struck in between them with their sword and cut Teach's face pretty much; in the interim both companies engaged in Maynard's sloop. Later during the battle, while Teach was loading their pistol they finally died from blood loss. Maynard then cut off their head and hung it from their bow. ”
Teach was said to have been shot five times and stabbed more than twenty times before they died and was decapitated. Legends about their death immediately sprang up. Their headless body, was thrown overboard, but swam three times around the ship before sinking. Teach's head was placed as a trophy on the bowsprit of the ship. Captain Maynard had to keep the head to claim their prize when they returned home. Later, Teach's head hung from a pike in Bath, Somerset.
As part of a government effort to reduce public urination in India, Google is now mapping public toilets on smartphones.
Users can find their nearest clean public toilet by typing in “toilet” or the Hindi word for clean, swachh, into Google Maps on their smartphones, CNBC reports. There are more than 5,100 public toilets in Delhi alone, one of two cities where the feature was first rolled out on Thursday; the other is Madhya Pradesh. The Google feature includes info like the style of toilet, the cleanliness rating and whether the toilet is free or paid.
“When you search for ‘public toilet' on Google Maps in an area where the service is available, you'll see a list of restrooms near you, including the respective address and opening hours,” Sanket Gupta, product manager Google Maps India, said at a launch event in Delhi, according to CNBC.
The initiative is part of a government plan to improve sanitation and reduce urination and defecation in the streets, which is extremely common since more than half of India's 1.2 billion people do not have toilets at home and more than five million people in Delhi have to relieve themselves outside.
Correction: An original version of this article stated swachh was the Hindi word for “toilet.” It's the word for “clean.”
Last month, the 19-year-old student at the heart of a New York Times campus sexual assault exposé received an unusual email from a stranger. Brett Sokolow wrote to the alleged assault victim, Anna, that they had been engaged by their school to act "as of counsel" in connection to the Title IX complaint filed on Anna's behalf with the U.S. Office for Civil Rights. A hearing panel had cleared Anna's alleged assailants; Sokolow had been hired to conduct an "external, administrative" investigation of that decision, as they later explained. But Anna didn't know that Sokolow had also helped train the panel that cleared their alleged assaulters — or that they would later be the one to review that very same panel's work for the school and then publicly defend the panel's practices. "I'm no one's lackey ... I am an impartial arbiter," they promised in a subsequent email. Then they asked for a copy of their Office for Civil Rights complaint, which they said they hadn't been given. Anna, a student at Hobart and William Smith Colleges in upstate New York, said they were rattled by the unsolicited email from Sokolow, an attorney and risk management consultant who has positioned themselves as America's leading expert on campus sexual assault. BuzzFeed described their multi-pronged role in the case to ethics experts and law professors who found their emails concerning for other reasons. Sokolow sent emails to Anna and their mother directly instead of through Anna's lawyer, which is "pretty indefensible, kind of stupid, and could certainly get them in trouble" with the bar, said Charles Wolfram, a professor emeritus at Cornell University Law School and the author of Modern Legal Ethics. But this complex and potentially conflicted role is nothing new for Sokolow, one of the kingpins of the booming college sexual misconduct consulting industry. Since 2000, Sokolow's firm has served thousands of high-profile clients, including Yale, Harvard, and Dartmouth — and, in fact, a majority of the 68 institutions currently under federal investigation for potentially violating the federal gender equity law Title IX. Under Title IX, schools may conduct their own disciplinary panels to determine whether sexual misconduct occurred. Advocates for both alleged victims and perpetrators say these hearings are inept and inequitable, but since they're mandated by federal law, schools often outsource training to consultants like Sokolow — and see no problem hiring them and their colleagues in other indistinct capacities as well. One thing about Sokolow's role is clear: Business is very, very good. As the founder of the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management Group, LLC (NCHERM), which Sokolow says is the nation's largest higher-education-specific law practice, they represent colleges as legal counsel — more than 50 campuses have NCHERM on speed dial, they say. NCHERM is also an umbrella organization for eight other linked organizations that offer schools consulting services, liability seminars, tutorials, conferences, and "accreditation" (certificates aren't verified by any external agency). Sokolow says the NCHERM Group has served more than 3,000 campuses since 2000, and that ATIXA, the Association of Title IX Coordinators, has certified more than 2,000 Title IX Coordinators and investigators since 2011. Sokolow's most recent endeavor, "Resolution Services," which offers schools advice and an indemnity based on that advice, raised eyebrows among those in the field. Sokolow is "outsourcing rape investigations to himself," charged the Chronicle of Higher Education. NCHERM's expanding client list and myriad services mean that the same college that attends the group's conferences and training sessions can also hire Sokolow to be an "impartial arbiter" of whether they botched a case. Critics say their ability to shift from impartial investigator to liability expert to legal counsel — and back — may benefit colleges at the expense of sexual assault survivors.
Justine Zwiebel
Sokolow's firm had been on the scene at Hobart and William Smith Colleges, a tiny liberal arts college that is technically two single-sex schools, long before allegations of a badly mishandled sexual assault case made the front page of the Sunday New York Times earlier their month. A spokesperson for the college says Sokolow has worked with the colleges on an as-needed basis for "nearly a decade." Sokolow has been to campus to train personnel, staff have attended off-campus seminars and ATIXA conferences, and the college uses a video series they developed. But after the Times wrote a critical article about the system Sokolow helped design for the college, which is now under investigation for Title IX violations, Sokolow was back — this time to publicly defend the panel's decision to clear three football players accused of sexually assaulting Anna. In a letter to the Times, Maureen Collins Zupan, the chairperson of the school's board of trustees, wrote that Sokolow, "one of the country's leading experts on the issue," had "affirmed the conclusions" of the case in question and "observed that our process meets or exceeds best practices for higher education." Zupan did not mention that the school had paid the "leading expert" who was defending it for other services. They did not disclose that the panel under fire used NCHERM's online training series. ("Is there a difference between a video of me or me?" Sokolow said in an email when asked to clarify if they trained the panel in Anna's case. "I did train them, either way you frame it.") Zupan also failed to explain that Sokolow had been formally hired by the school to investigate the process they praised. Emails obtained by BuzzFeed show that Sokolow was retained by Hobart and William Smith to investigate Anna's appeal, which alleged, among other issues, that they did not receive a fair hearing. And they contacted Anna in a way their lawyer says was both unprofessional and unethical. In an email to Anna on June 17, Sokolow wrote: "Though we have not met, Walt Bogdanich [the Times reporter] may have informed you that I have been engaged by the Colleges to act as of counsel in connection with the Colleges' response to the Title IX complaint". They explained that instead of the college's Title IX coordinator conducting the investigation, Sokolow would be looking into Anna's appeal of the panel's decision because that coordinator was "a potential witness to the alleged discrimination, and is thus conflicted from conducting the investigation herself." The unexpected and confusing email "disgusted me and dredged up all the trauma of the past year as I was trying to move on," said Anna, who said they had never heard of Sokolow or the purported investigation when they contacted them Sokolow also sent separate copies of the email to Anna's lawyer, Inga L. Parsons, and Anna's mother, who wrote to Sokolow asking them for an explanation and to communicate directly with Parsons. Instead, Sokolow sent another email to Anna and their mother saying they would not "dialogue solely with [Parsons]" unless Anna and their mother refused to communicate with him. It was only when Parsons intervened and told them to direct all correspondence solely to them that they complied. "While I am an attorney, my role in this matter is to investigate the claims of the appeal letter about inequitable processes and Title IX violations," they wrote back to Anna and their mother. "I'm no one's lackey ... I am an impartial arbiter. I am critical of colleges when they screw up, and supportive when they act correctly." The American Bar Association Code of Professional Responsibility forbids a lawyer to communicate with a represented party without the permission of the party's lawyer. Parsons says she's considering filing a bar complaint on the grounds that they corresponded directly with their clients knowing they were represented by an attorney and continued to do so even after Anna's mother advised them to stop. "I was shocked by how unprofessional they are," said Parsons. "By their own admission, they say they were hired by the Colleges to act as of counsel in connection with the Colleges' response to the Title IX complaint. As of counsel they are a lawyer, they are not a neutral party.  They are a hired gun paid by the same school they claim to be reviewing impartially." "These self-proclaimed experts like Brett Sokolow who schools hire to try to clean up their mistakes are making a lot of money off survivors' assaults," Anna's mother said. "Schools should be putting that money into prevention, updating their arcane policies, climate surveys, decent training for panelists, faculty and students." Anna, their mother, and their lawyer made it clear that they would not participate in Sokolow's "impartial" investigation but would be cooperating fully with the Office for Civil Rights in its investigation. Subsequently, Sokolow told the school that they believed Hobart and William Smith's policies and procedures were "appropriate and compliant" and that "the hearing and appeal rendered a fair result given the evidence, and that I would not recommend any substantive change to the outcome," according to the school's spokesperson.
Justine Zwiebel
Sokolow has been accused of wearing too many hats before. A 2011 Chronicle of Higher Education profile of Sokolow noted that their "entrepreneurial zeal in the growing field of legal services in student affairs has attracted both clients and skeptics" and called them a "prolific writer and tireless self-promoter" who built an "empire of acronyms." "NCHERM has essentially had a monopoly on Title IX trainings for a long time in the unregulated, for-profit industry that is sexual assault consulting," said Annie E. Clark, a co-founder of End Rape On Campus, which helps assault survivors file federal complaints against their universities. But Sokolow sees no harm in playing lawyer, consultant, and trainer to the same school. "Change agents are lightning rods for criticism," Sokolow told BuzzFeed. "I think some folks expect us to take only one side, but that has never been the ethos of our firm. Our integrity is based on our ability to call it as we see it. " Some ethics experts disagree. Sokolow's new "Resolution Services" program may be reassuring but raises "significant ethical questions," said Nancy J. Moore, a legal ethics expert and professor at Boston University, in part because the business combines the practice of law and multidisciplinary practices and offers non-legal functions that constitute "conflicts of interest" for the lawyers in the company providing legal services. "Just because you say you are not acting as a lawyer doesn't mean you are not a lawyer," Moore said. Sokolow's insistence that they are an "impartial arbiter" even while acting "of counsel" on behalf of colleges is "very implausible," said William H. Simon, a law professor at Columbia University. "If the college wants an impartial investigator, they shouldn't hire a lawyer." Sokolow disputes these claims. "Someone who fears or thinks we may not be impartial has a right to those concerns, but that fear is just speculative until we've actually investigated, and not based on any evidence," they told BuzzFeed. "Our careers would be over if we weren't impartial arbiters." But Sokolow's bank account might suffer if they wore fewer hats. ATIXA, for example, typically costs $599 per person to join (or $2,499 per campus) a year. Schools get discounted rates if they purchase "bundled" subscriptions offering access to various NCHERM services; a "level three" bundle is $11,500 a year at a 20% discount. Colleges and administrators pay tens of thousands of dollars for NCHERM's frequent training seminars and conferences. One seminar on Title IX coordinators cost $2,500 a head for 170 people and grossed $425,000, according to Philadelphia magazine. An upcoming ATIXA conference costs $479 for non-members and $419 for members, according to registration materials. Pre-conference events ($159–$339) and post-conference training courses ($999) are also available for purchase. According to the invitation, the conference will "bring together 200+ Prevention and Title IX professionals from across the country." Sine Anahita, the coordinator of the University of Alaska's women and gender studies program, was furious when they found out that their school spent more than $100,000 from 2009–2014 on NCHERM offerings including over $29,000 on ATIXA, which names as a "signature" offering its "only and first-of-its-kind Title IX Coordinator Training and Certification Course." Given that the Department of Education opened an investigation into the University of Alaska for potentially violating Title IX earlier this year, Anahita doesn't understand why the college continues to use NCHERM's services; an NCHERM representative visited the campus to conduct Title IX training just last week. If schools like the University of Alaska hired NCHERM in the first place, "then they followed NCHERM's advice," they wrote in a scathing blog post. "They paid NCHERM to train their Title IX investigators the NCHERM way. Their Title IX coordinators joined ATIXA, one of the 8 subsidiaries, and attended Title IX how-to workshops. They paid NCHERM for model website text. They paid NCHERM to rewrite their Title IX policies the NCHERM way. They paid NCHERM to learn how to follow NCHERM's "OCR-proof-your-school" practices. And yet they still got zinged by OCR. And now they're paying NCHERM to represent them in the OCR investigation. Is this not profiteering? And at whose expense?" Sokolow claimed in a recent newsletter that although the majority of schools under investigation are listed as clients on their website, none of the colleges they work with regularly have been subject to OCR investigation "regarding any of the work or cases we have consulted on with them while we have been on retainer. NONE. ZERO. ZIP. NADA." They did acknowledge that NCHERM works closely with campuses that are under Title IX investigation, but said they all retained NCHERM's services "as soon as they were notified of the investigation, not before." When asked to elaborate on what they meant by "regularly," Sokolow told BuzzFeed they were referring to the 50 campuses that retain NCHERM's legal counsel "in a concerted way." In other words, the money the University of Alaska spent on NCHERM's various services before 2014 doesn't guarantee protection from federal complaints. Schools need to pay even more to be safe.
If only in 2014 Scotland had voted Yes instead of No, British politics would have been defined by the dissolution of the Union and would never have become about Britain splitting from the EU.
The 2015 general election could have been fought on the grounds of the performance of the coalition government and their ideologically driven Austerity that we all should now know was built on a fallacy of necessity, not a reaction to any economic failings of the previous Labour government, and economically illiterate. The work of one of the worst Chancellors in British history. No chancellor has done so much long term damage to the British economy that wasn't necessitated by World War. We should be forever grateful to ‘brexit' for sparing us Osborne's tenure as prime minister but just because they have proven to be absolute political dross don't count them out on resurfacing.
Instead of bacon sandwiches (imagine, the British public were convinced by a bacon sandwich more than a shocking record in government) the electorate could have judged the coalition on their works and could have found them wanting. Instead of just punishing the LibDems for their inadequacies and, frankly, pointlessness in government, Britain could have thrown the sorry lot out of government.
If only.
If only New Labour's dregs had known when their time had passed in 2007 and they had left the field with grace and their overly generous stipends from the public purse. If only they'd accepted their generous run was over and bowed out as winners (of a sort). They might not have undermined two successive Labour leaderships and cost Labour two elections. They might not have thrown away the opportunity for Labour to depose the current abysmal Tory government that is already on the last legs of the serfs they use to carry their sedan.
If only.
If only British politics could double flush its refuse we wouldn't see faces like Peter Mandelson creeping out at us from the dark or disgraced Liam Fox banging the drum for Empire 2.0. The path to the Lords is strewn with the detritus of political cadres long since dead but unburied and it certainly seems that, for dross like Fox, the backbenches are safe places to continue political careers that should probably have been neatly severed by prison sentences.
If only.
If only we had second chances.
Scotland does.
Scotland can put right the wrong of 2014 and, with it, Britain can look at itself afresh. We are not better together, not like this, not with British politics in the state it has been dragged down to by the interference of wealthy individuals who sate their egos and exercise their economic power for their personal gain, even as that power is derived from exploiting corrupted politicians diverting public wealth and investment their way. Being awarded virtual monopolies with which to derive personal fortunes is not a reflection of great business savvy but the exploitation of the greed of political weather vanes that will blow whoever will pay for the tune.
With a call for a second Scottish Independence Referendum, Scotland can step outside of the political games of Theresa May and their Tory cohort. May will be faced with a simple choice, continue to blunder forward with their Daily Mail endorsed ‘brexit' of the Valkyries, making up British government policy on the hoof and the back of a matchbox and the front page of the Sun (#dontbuythesun) or they can admit that they wandered into the room when their dad was being interviewed for the BBC and what has followed has all been some terrible misunderstanding.
If only.
The last IndyRef was defined by Project Fear and the collective fear of Westminster and the unknown. Project Fear 2.0 will resurface, no one is naive enough to think that it won't, to think we'll have a rational debate, but Project Fear shot its bolt last time round and we've all seen the Tory reaction to ‘No', ‘brexit'. For those who want to define Scottish Independence by ‘nationalism' or the SNP displays either a distinct lack of understanding of Scottish politics or a willingness to try and rouse the sort of ignorant debate that has taken hold of British politics in the wake of No's victory in 2014. Not the intention of No voters but the corruption of broken British politics and the arrogance of the ignoble spivs, shills and hucksters that plague it.
If only you had a chance to turn back the clock and say Yes … soon you will.
Like this: Like Loading...
Pyramids are regarded as sacred burial places were great rulers were laid and prepared for their final sleep. There's no applicability involved when speaking about these magnificent monuments which are scattered throughout the entire world, except for the numerous symbols pointing with accuracy towards various cosmic regions and events.
While some historians and experts were confident with the above-mentioned idea, others decided to follow a challenging road that would eventually unveil the true meaning of the pyramids, if there was indeed one.
We're going to focus our attention on Dr. Semir Osmanagic, a Bosnian researcher who had studied these complex heritages left by our forefathers for more than 25 years. If their name doesn't ring a bell to you, you might know them as the discoverer of the Bosnian pyramids, an ancient East European site dating back thousands of years.
Since the spring of 2005 when these grandiose structures had been found, Dr Osmanagic has made several other mind-boggling discoveries that seem to contradict the established paradigm on various levels.
Excavations had begun back in 2006, and after more than 10 years of digging, the site has become the most archaeologically active in the world. This non-profit project gathers hundreds of volunteers and numerous experts from various fields each year because the exploration of these ancient vestiges offers history-shattering insights.
Let's highlight a few of them:
The pyramids from the small town of Visoko, Bosnia, are the first such monuments unearthed in Europe. This stands as no surprise, but rather as an addition to a chapter of history so far unknown to us, in a part of the world known to have been ruled by a mysterious [Vinča] civilization with a cuneiform writing system predating that of the Sumerians.
These pyramids are “the biggest, the largest on the planet,” according to Dr. Osmanagic. The “Pyramid of the Sun,” which is the largest of the three, stretches for about 360 meters on its eastern side, and 220 meters on the northern side where it meets the hills.
It's well known that pyramids across the world were not just randomly put in place, but a series of key factors were taken into account before they had been erected. The Bosnian complex of pyramids makes no exception, as their orientation towards the cardinal points is extremely precise, with all four corners pointing in all four cardinal directions.
Below the dense layer of soil and vegetation, researchers have come across solid blocks of concrete which constitute the body of the pyramids, including remarkable stonework. Recent laser scans have revealed that these structures were stepped-pyramids in remote times before they had been covered by vegetation.
A Form of Cosmic Internet Detected at the Bosnian Pyramids Complex
While scanning the perimeter of the monuments for anomalies, researchers have detected some unusual waves described by Nikola Tesla himself. They are called scalar waves, or standing waves, and are believed to travel at a velocity billions of time (though this aspect is arguably) faster than the speed of light.
These waves are not affected by cosmic radiation or any other cosmic mass. Because of this, the idea of a “cosmic internet” has been coined, and it refers to an intergalactic network which makes it possible to communicate between extremely distant places across the galaxy in just an instant, similar to how the internet works on our planet, but on a grander level.
“For many other researchers, among which the most prominent is Nikola Tesla, scalar waves, or standing waves, created in torsion field interaction are traveling at a faster speed that that of light,” said Dr. Semir Osmanagic. “It's estimated to be 10 billion times faster speed than the light's. Thereby, the torsion fields can move through any cosmic body (planet, sun) without wasting energy.”
“This means they are able to travel at great velocity, transfer information and energy, and that there's no loss of the quantity of information. Ideally is to have at the both ends two producers (generators) of the energy which are mutually communicating through Tesla's Torsion Field (waves). The information transfer is almost instant between two distant parts of the Cosmos, and the information doesn't lose on its quality during the transfer.”
Breakthrough discoveries such as the ones at the Bosnian complex of pyramids bring into the open achievements of the ancients that counter the agreed-upon idea of primitive earth dwellers that had roamed the earth prior to the last ice age.
In fact, those institutions dictating our history are scared of the explanations and revisions they would have to make if they were to glue together the pieces of history accepted today to the actual reality from remote times.
Fortunately, we're free to explore and understand (for now) the complex and wealthy heritage left by our forefathers. If this brings change on a global scale we are yet to discover, but one thing is certain: the years to come will provide a humongous leap in understanding our role on this earth and the intricate human nature.
More references are waiting at the bottom of this article, as well as relevant video material. If you enjoyed the material, help us by spreading the word.
More details in the following video:
Black Holes is a 3D animated short film selected to compete at Sundance 2017 that the filmmakers are developing into a TV series.
Created by the Nicolas Brothers, French artists David and Laurent Nicolas, Black Holes revolves around an astronaut overwhelmed by frivolous insecurities while preparing for the most important mission of their life: the conquest of Mars. Based on the brothers' 2000 project, Pierre le Cosmonaute, the short was produced by Kevin Van Der Meiren at Noodles California.
Imagine Star Trek meets The Office. The aesthetics are more Pixar than South Park, a revolutionary style for a TV show that is long overdue. Here's the official synopsis:
Dave Nicholson is a distinguished astronaut Entrusted with humanity's Most major leap into the future-the conquest of Mars and outer space. On the eve of Mission Mars Premium, Dave discovers he's being teamed up with a melon feeling that outshines them in intelligence and charm. Not only a brilliant strategist but also the reincarnation of a fashion designer, the melon encroaches more and more on Dave's jurisdiction, driving them to the brink of paranoia and insanity.
Black Holes was created as a TV series and, with a 10-minute short film serving as pilot and statement of intent.
Source: BlackHolesFilm.com
It's like we've gone from Autumn straight into Spring with the exceptionally mild weather at the moment. The daffodils are out in some places in the south, the roses are still flowering and it was comfortable enough for me to potter around in the garden yesterday in just a shirt. Kew Gardens in London saw the top temperature yesterday of 15.5C, it was some way to beat the date record of 17.0C set in 1972. But as the very mild conditions look no signs of relenting over the coming days, it's only a matter of time that one or two date records are broken.
Temperatures vs the average for the time of year over the next few days.
Scotland saw some wintriness earlier this week, but even here this morning temperatures are well into double figures at 7am, even in the Northern Isles. On Tuesday morning, Inverness was -1C at 7am, this morning it's 14C. In fact a few stations in northern Scotland and further south across SW England are already 15C. So it's a very mild start to the morning everywhere, with a brisk to strong southerly wind. (Check the latest top 20 temperatures here.)
It will stay generally dry across eastern areas of England this morning, with broken cloud or clear skies allowing some brightness or sunshine. Out towards the west, though, a band of rain along a cold front, heavy over the hills, will push in through the morning across Scotland, NW England, Wales and SW England, accompanied by a strong southerly wind gusting to 30-40 mph, perhaps more over exposed coasts and hills.
This band of rain will reach The Midlands and central southern England this afternoon, weakening as it does so, before the front and its rain reaches SE England and East Anglia this evening. Turning drier and brighter, but not really any colder behind the rain band. With regards to maximum temperatures today, it's the 17th of December, but 14-16C is possible in the south, 13-14C in the north.
Outbreaks of rain across SE England and East Anglia will clear later this evening, otherwise a mostly dry night with clear spells. The exception will be across western Ireland, western Scotland and perhaps NW England, where we will see scattered showers, perhaps heavy at times in the far northwest.A very mild night again, temperatures widely in double figures.
Another mild but rather cloud day on Friday, staying mostly dry across central, southern and eastern England, but outbreaks of rain will spread in across northern and western parts, the rain the heaviest across western Scotland and N. Ireland, lighter rain or drizzle further south across NW England, Wales and SW England. A strong southwesterly wind, temperatures reaching 10-12C in the north, 12-14C in the south.
Having prayed to Buddha as a child and after spending their early teens worshipping Jesus, copywriter Hannah Jasmine Kok, 23, no longer believes in the divine.
They said they left the Buddhist faith at 13 as they could not relate to rituals they performed with their parents, and dropped out of church after three years because they "didn't think it was going anywhere".
Now an atheist, they said: "I think it is highly improbable that any god exists. There is no evidence for it."
Related Story Fewer Singapore residents identify as Buddhists or Taoists
Ms Kok is one of a growing number of young people here with no religious affiliations.
The Department of Statistics' General Household Survey 2015 report released earlier this month found that those who said they had no religious affiliation constituted 18.5 per cent of the resident population last year - up from 17 per cent in 2010.
NO NEED FOR DIVINE I don't think I need divine guidance to make a right or wrong decision. Reason alone can guide such decision- making. MR BERTRAND SEAH, 21, National University of Singapore political science undergraduate. They grew up Christian in a Methodist school environment, but began doing their own research on religion in junior college.
Of this group, many were young. About 65 per cent were aged between 15 and 44, and about 23 per cent between 15 and 24, compared with 14.6 per cent among residents aged 55 and above.
The religious composition as a whole remained relatively stable - 43.2 per cent of the resident populace identified as Buddhists or Taoists, 18.8 per cent as Christians, 14 per cent as Muslims and 5 per cent as Hindus. The number of Christians increased marginally, while other religions experienced slight declines.
FACTORS BEHIND GROWTH IN THE NON-RELIGIOUS
Academics and religious leaders The Straits Times spoke to said the trend of non-religious affiliation is in tandem with an increasingly educated populace, some of whom might move away from religion if it does not connect with their lives and needs.
The Institute of Policy Studies' senior research fellow Mathew Mathews said this is more common for individuals who grew up in families where religion was already nominally practised.
The Catholic Church said traditional religions have also been slow to engage young people and help them appreciate their faith.
Singapore Buddhist Federation president Seck Kwang Phing believes the youthful face of the non- religious group ties in with a change in attitudes among the young, who have become more independent in their thinking.
They said: "They ask and argue and do not simply allow their parents to select their faiths on their behalf."
Young people today are also exposed to a range of ideologies, which results in a spectrum of views within the non-religious category. The segment therefore includes atheists and agnostics; humanists and secularists; as well as free-thinkers and other individuals who might not necessarily be anti-religion.
National University of Singapore political science undergraduate Bertrand Seah, 21, grew up Christian in a Methodist school environment, but began doing their own research on religion in junior college.
They became influenced by religious critics and scientific scepticism advocates such as American Sam Harris.
Like the other youth The Straits Times spoke to, Mr Seah said they believe in a "rational" approach. "I don't think I need divine guidance to make a right or wrong decision. Reason alone can guide such decision-making," they said.
Experts said the relative stability of a country also means there is less concern about the future because the present is "non-threatening".
When this is the case, there is less incentive to look to religion for divine intervention or for security.
Young people might also be doing their own research before eventually committing to a particular faith, experts said.
Some suggested that the multi- religious make-up of Singapore and the open-door policy of religious institutions here facilitate "shopping" for a religion.
Some young people could also be identifying more with liberal ideologies that clash with religious teachings on topics such as homosexuality.
Social anthropologist Lai Ah Eng of the National University of Singapore (NUS) said this group might therefore find religions "variously limiting, irrational, oppressive, unreasonable and unscientific".
Youth and religious experts interviewed noted the high-profile failures of institutional religions to uphold their credibility as a moral voice, which may also have turned some people away from religion.
Some cited high-profile incidents such as the City Harvest case, where church leaders were found guilty of misusing around $50 million in church funds.
POSSIBLE IMPLICATIONS
Several religious leaders said they are concerned about the shift.
Reverend Father Jude David, co-chaplain of the Catholic Church's Office for Young People, believes that without religion "Singapore would certainly lose a part of their soul or spirit".
Reverend Dominic Yeo, the general superintendent of the Assemblies of God of Singapore, agreed. They said religion teaches its followers to be moral, adding: "We need to guard our nation, our children and the next generation against moral decadence."
Others are concerned about solidarity in households where the parents or grandparents are deeply religious. NUS sociologist Paulin Straughan said disparities in religious ideology could result in intergenerational fault lines and a widening gap "because religion, when it is functional, pulls families together".
Ultimately, the consensus among the various groups is for the need for more dialogue to understand "mutual concerns and find ways to negotiate potential tensions", said Dr Mathews. They said this should be backed by more research to understand the specific make-up of Singapore's non-religious segment.
Communication channels already exist. For instance, the Humanist Society - set up to represent Singapore's non-religious population - has been involved in discussions organised by the Inter-Religious Organisation of Singapore and the Inter-Racial and Religious Confidence Circles.
Executive committee member Pearl Lin said the society's role is to provide a voice for the non-religious, whom they said tend to be excluded and forgotten.
But the Buddhist Federation's Venerable Seck is not worried about the growing pool of non-religious Singaporeans. To him, good values and morals are more important.
They said: "As long as there is moral education and the ability to differentiate between what is right and wrong, there will always be common ground among the religious and non-religious."
By Ali Jawad and Hussein al-Amir
BAGHDAD
Pro-government fighters on Thursday captured four villages and a strategic road west of the northern city of Mosul from Daesh terrorists, according to an Iraqi army officer.
“Hashd al-Shaabi fighters wrested control of the villages of Al-Wahbi, Arfie, Arfie Awwal and Amlihat,” Army First Lieutenant Samir Dawood said.
They added that the Hashd al-Shaabi -- a mostly Shia fighting force incorporated into the Iraqi armed forces last year -- had also captured the road linking the nearby Al-Adnaniyah and Baaj districts.
In a related development, more than 200 civilians were evacuated from Mosul's Old City, Iraqi Police Captain Jabbar Hassan told Anadolu Agency.
The latest developments come within the context of a wide-ranging army offensive, launched last October, aimed at dislodging Daesh militants from Mosul, which the terrorist group overran in mid-2014.
South Korea has carried out live-fire military exercises on an island close to the border with North Korea, despite threats of retaliation from Pyongyang.
Meanwhile, North Korea has said it will not retaliate against South Korea's latest military exercises, despite dubbing it “a reckless military provocation.”
42 people have been evacuated from the front-line island. South Korea's Defense Ministry says the live-fire artillery drills lasted for about 90 minutes.
This island was shelled by North Korea after similar drills last month, killing four people.
This time the drills come after eight hours of talks at the UN Security Council emergency meeting to try and calm the tensions.
Participants were discussing the Russian draft resolution, which called on both North and South Korea to refrain from escalating the conflict.
Moscow asked Seoul to cancel the military exercises, warning they might cause unpredictable developments in the region.
China has backed Russia's call to restrain South Korea, but the US has maintained Seoul has the right to hold the military drills.
The UN failed to come up with a co-ordinated statement due to a difference in approaches.
“There may be a serious aggravation of tension – a serious conflict for that matter – so in the big chamber when we were at this private meeting, which was also, of course, asked for by the Russian Federation, we reiterated the call for restraint on both parties in no uncertain terms,” said Vitaly Churkin, Russia's Ambassador to the UN. “We asked the Republic of Korea to refrain from conducting this exercise at this point and time. But there are certain political circumstances. We tried to deal with this situation. Unfortunately, so far the Security Council has not been entirely successful.”
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia regrets the fact that the UNSC emergency meeting has not resulted in a statement.
“We cannot be optimistic in this situation,” Sergey Lavrov said. “That's why we suggested an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council last weekend. We did not want to condemn anyone. We only wanted to urge the sides to show self-control. Tensions are very high. The meeting took place, and although unfortunately no statement was made, we managed to send a clear message during the discussion.”
Watch RT's Sarah Firth report.
Professor Rudiger Frank says Russia is best suited to act as a mediator in the ongoing Korean conflict.
Georgy Toloraya, director of Korean studies at the Institute of Economics at the Russian Academy of Sciences, says that South Korea is playing with fire.
Toloraya believes that South Korea's goals are to pressure North Korea and even risk a conflict to isolate and to further influence the North Korean regime, supposing that it will capitulate – which is ungrounded.
“The situation is really tense now and you cannot predict if and when the conflict would happen,” they say. “Unfortunately, at this point of time we have to depend more on supposedly unpredictable irrational regime in Pyongyang rather than on the actions of the South Korean government who shows no restraint and this is very pitiful.”
“I think that North Koreans will try to restrain from unprovoked action, but who knows where the limit of patience is? If the shells start falling on North Korean territory, they could start firing back and we would never know what really happened and who really started that fire,” they assessed.
­Sara Flounders from the International Action Сenter in New York believes tensions in the region are a provocation caused by the United States.
“It is an extremely serious and tense situation. This is the 4th direct provocation of US-South Korean military exercises in less than a month. We are really talking about many ships in the area, fifty to seventy ships, hundreds of aircraft, tens of thousands of troops operating just a few miles – 3 to 7 miles – off of North Korea's coast, many miles north of the demilitarized zone. That in itself is a provocation,” they said. “Here is South Korea, with US backing support and US participation. And the United States is moving nuclear powered and nuclear weaponed aircraft carriers directly into the region off the coast. These are really dangerous provocations.”
“The very fact that the UN Security Council meeting took place was an important step. Nevertheless, the danger increases as long as all of the ships, aircraft carriers, and troops are in the region and continue these very dangerous military maneuvers. Every one of them is a provocation, anyone of them really could lead to wider war,” they add.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Editor's note: This is a guest post by geneticist and author Belinda Martineau, who was a principal scientist at Calgene Inc., where they helped commercialize the world's first genetically engineered whole food, the Flavr Savr tomato.
Genetically engineered (GE) sweet corn is being sold at a Walmart near you. And because that company has said it sees “no scientifically validated safety reasons to implement restrictions on this product,” and because US regulations don't require it, it isn't labeled “GE.”
Developed by Monsanto, this GE sweet corn is beautiful by fresh corn standards—not a wormhole in sight—since it contains not one, not two, but three insecticides engineered into each cell of every kernel. Having the corn make its own insecticides means that farmers don't have to spray those chemicals out in the environment. The end result is that no earworms or European corn borers will have anything to do with this good-looking GE sweet corn. But, you may be wondering: should I?
So here's the 411 on GE sweet corn at Walmart, based in large part on information available on Monsanto's website.
First, although Monsanto provides links to “Peer Reviewed Safety Publications” for many of its other GE crop products, it does not do so for its “Seminis Performance Series Sweet Corn.” The peer-review process is a hallmark of scientific validation.
As it turns out, scientists have found reason for concern about the sweet corn. There's this peer-reviewed report documenting the development of resistance among western corn rootworms to one of the bacterial insecticides present in Monsanto's GE sweet corn. Another peer-reviewed study finds that weeds such as Palmer amaranth are now resistant to glyphosate, the active ingredient in products like Monsanto's Roundup herbicide. Since a fourth foreign gene in Monsanto's GE sweet corn confers glyphosate-resistance to it, I expect we'll see even more of these “superbugs” and “superweeds” showing up in US farmlands soon, unless this new GE sweet corn is agriculturally managed a lot more carefully than previous GE crops have been.
What Monsanto's GE sweet corn doesn't contain is an antibiotic-resistance gene. Many GE crops have such genes because they enable genetic engineers to identify plants that have had foreign genes incorporated into them. Monsanto's scientists went to considerable trouble to remove the “selectable marker” gene from some of their GE corn products prior to commercializing them, a fact that the American Medical Association is bound to be pleased about.
But as a consequence of the method they used to enable removal of the antibiotic-resistance gene, one of the four remaining foreign genes in Monsanto's GE sweet corn is different than the gene Monsanto scientists set out to engineer into it. As described in a document posted on Monsanto's website (PDF): a “molecular rearrangement” occurred “either prior to or during the process of T-DNA transfer to the plant cell” and consequently the foreign gene that ended up in Monsanto's corn is not the same as the one the company's scientists designed. Genetic engineering got trumped by biology in Monsanto's GE sweet corn!
This new biotechnology is not as precise as you may have been led to believe. In fact, there are other aspects of agricultural genetic engineering, such as where the foreign genes get inserted among the recipient organisms' own genes, that are not under the control of genetic engineers and this lack of control can result in unexpected, unintended changes in a GE crop.
Even so, does some technological imprecision mean the GE sweet corn at Walmart isn't safe? And even if previous GE crops with the same (or very similar) foreign genes as those in Monsanto's GE sweet corn have led to superbugs and superweeds, should that influence your buying decisions? Not necessarily on both counts.
But that's not what California's Proposition 37 is about. Instead, it asks: Do you deserve some indication that pesticides are intentionally present in the fresh corn you contemplate purchasing and eating? And should you have the right to support, or not support, agricultural methods used to produce food crops that could also be producing new plant pests at the same time? My answer: Yes, definitely.
Newark Mayor Cory Booker said today they are still weighing a run for governor next year as well as a run for the U.S. Senate in 2014 and will make their decision in the next 10 days.
"I am absolutely considering running for governor as well as giving other options consideration," Booker told "Face the Nation" host Bob Schieffer on CBS. When asked if the Senate seat was one of them, Booker said "I'm actually looking at that as well."
As reported in The Star-Ledger's Perspective section today, Booker's decision will set off a chain reaction among their fellow Democrats. The 43-year-old mayor will decide within the next ten days they said.
"There are a lot of very good candidates for governor on the Democratic side," Booker said.
The mayor, who spoke from CBS's New York studio, also took questions on the fiscal cliff and food stamps.
"The desire for Washington to figure this out and not to cause more harm is absolutely crucial," Booker said when asked about negotiations betwen the White House and Congress over the impending fiscal cliff — a combination of expiring tax breaks and spending cuts designed to cut government spending by $1.2 trillion over a decade.
"This is not the time for Republicans to hold the country hostage again," Booker said referring to an impasse last year over raising the debt ceiling.
One cut being proposed in Congress is a $16 billion hit to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or food stamps. Booker this week has been living on the equivalent of a week's worth of food stamps to highlight difficulties faced by 46 million Americans who rely on the assistance.
Booker, who yesterday ate an apple a burnt sweet potato and a bean and cauliflower casserole, said the week has been eye-opening.
"Millions of Americans — this is their daily challenge is finding a way to get access to healthy nutritional foods," Booker said. "For me it's been very difficult I'll be honest with you."
RELATED COVERAGE
• Cory Booker: Gov. Christie is 'vulnerable' in next year's election
• Battle of the budget: Cory Booker begins weeklong food stamp challenge
• Cory Booker to decide soon whether he'll challenge Chris Christie for Gov. seat
We're taking part in Copyright Week, a series of actions and discussions supporting key principles that should guide copyright policy. Every day this week, various groups are taking on different elements of the law, and addressing what's at stake, and what we need to do to make sure that copyright promotes creativity and innovation.
One of the biggest pitfalls in copyright policymaking is to treat creators of copyrighted content as a monolithic entity with identical interests and concerns. When massive entertainment companies ask for dangerous new types of copyright protection, they imply that all artists share the same set of interests (which allegedly line up with those of the big companies themselves). It would be a mistake even to accept the entertainment industry's interpretation of the will of the artists it represents, let alone extend it to the community of artists in general. Copyright should take into account the needs of artists and creators of all stripes, reflecting the differences among their tactics, their goals, their business models, and how they go about creating new works.
The conflict over copyright between Hollywood and independent artists is perhaps nowhere more pronounced than in the debate over automatic copyright filtering on YouTube and sites like it. Video creators rely on fair use protections every day—especially if their work involves quoting or sampling others' content for the purposes of criticism, journalism, or education, uses that are protected under the law.
Last year, video creators organized to protest YouTube's copyright policies—they argued that fear of Content ID takedowns (and of having to navigate YouTube's arcane repeat infringer system) effectively chilled YouTube artists' free expression. As popular YouTube personality Doug Walker put it, “I've been doing this professionally for over eight years, and I have never had a day where I felt safe posting one of my videos even though the law states I should be safe posting one of my videos.”
YouTubers were successful in convincing Google to make some small but important policy changes (namely, allowing videos to earn revenue while under a copyright dispute, thus ensuring that a bogus dispute doesn't cut off a creator's revenue stream), but that victory could be tiny compared to the fight that's on the horizon.
The RIAA and a host of other entertainment industry groups recently wrote a memo to President-Elect Trump asking for a major overhaul of the safe harbors system in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Safe harbors protect web platforms that host third-party content from liability for their users' allegedly infringing content. Without safe harbors, many popular media platforms would look very different from how they look today, or they simply wouldn't exist.
Although it didn't make specific demands, the RIAA memo eerily echoes a number of proposals that Hollywood lobbyists have made for weakening safe harbor protections. One such proposal is a filter-everything approach: under filter-everything, websites that host third-party content would be required to run Content ID-style copyright bots. Once a takedown notice went uncontested, the platform would have to block any future uploads of the same allegedly infringing content. Proposals like filter-everything inevitably shift the burden of policing copyright infringement (or at least some of that burden) from copyright owners to the web platforms themselves. In doing so, they effectively incentivize platforms to give copyright owners the upper hand in any dispute. Moreover, legally mandated filters could compromise fair use. As we've said before, copyright bots can be a helpful tool, but they're no substitute for human analysis.
Ultimately, when big content companies demand weaker users' rights or brand-new types of copyright protection, they make a crucial miscalculation. They assume that their large budgets earn them super-copyright powers—that is, that lawmakers must protect their rights to the detriment of other creators, users, and platforms because their content is so expensive to produce. It doesn't work that way. As Tim Cushing pointed out, Hollywood's logic would suggest that a ticket to Avatar should cost 90,000 times more than a ticket to Paranormal Activity.
Independent creators of all types can play an essential role in pushing for fairness in copyright law. Lawmakers need to balance the needs and rights of everyone, including small creators and users. When entertainment companies claim to represent the will of artists, Congress hears only a fraction of the story.
A Nottingham man will serve at least a month in prison for a "bizarre" DUI incident last year when they gave alcohol to Amish juveniles, then yelled "Rumspringa" while causing a collision with a horse-drawn buggy, the Lancaster County Office of District Attorney reports.
Thomas Candler Felts, 25, was sentenced Tuesday in Lancaster County Court after pleading guilty to misdemeanor counts of DUI and furnishing alcohol to minors.
Felts had no prior record and was ordered to serve 30 days to 6 months in prison, and a year of probation.
Assistant District Attorney Travis S. Anderson told the judge it was one of the most "bizarre" DUI cases he's ever seen, the DA's office reported.
A release from the office includes the following chronology of events:
The Aug. 30 incident started in the early morning at a Turkey Hill store on Route 272, at Buck, where a group of Amish boys were with a horse-drawn buggy.
A man later identified as Candler Felts pulled into the parking lot and began talking to the group, which included juveniles, about "Rumspringa."
Candler Felts showed the group their pistol and provided them cans of Yuengling Lager beer.
Candler Felts drove away in a red Dodge car and the Amish group left in the buggy.
Later, on Buck Heights Road, Candler Felts passed the buggy and screamed "Rumspringa." They then stopped their vehicle abruptly, causing the buggy to strike the back of the Dodge. No one was seriously hurt.
Candler Felts then asked the Amish group where their pistol was; they replied they didn't know.
Testing shortly after the collision determined Candler Felts' blood-alcohol level was .126 percent. The state legal limit for drivers if .08 percent.
The Toyota Altezza, one of the most popular compact sports sedan to come out of Japan, built during the time when the leading European manufacturers were building performance emphasized cars, was Japan's answer to face the foreign competition with a Front engine Rear-wheel drive platform that has the perfect blend of luxury and performance to go around the corners faster and better than any other affordable sedans of the era.
The Altezza project was led by Nobuaki Katayma the person who was responsible for the AE86 Project. The Toyota Altezza was a very popular car for the enthusiasts because of its handling capability and the platform that gave the car a very good advantage in performance. The engine and transmission in the Altezza was positioned almost towards the middle of the car and that meant the car achieved very good cornering balance, and very minimal body roll unlike any front engine-d sedans. The AS200 and the RS200 are the two models introduced in Japan where the AS with the chassis code GXE10 came with a 2.0ltr inline 6 cylinder 1GEFE engine and the SXE10 having the most powerful 2.0 ltr Inline 4 cylinder Blacktop 3S-GE engine. The 5th 3S-GE engine in the RS200 Altezza made around 207 hp and 216Nm of torque.
In Bangladesh quite a few of Toyota Altezzas were imported during the time of the production through 1998 to 2005. This makes the Altezzas extremely rare and those who have acquired them today in the world or had them since the beginning know how invaluable this car is in the market right now. The performance potential and the superb handling characteristics makes it the perfect sports sedan to drive around and the design being almost 19 years old is still stands as one of the most iconic creations to come out of Japan alongside the cars like the supra, 90s celicas , Honda 2000s and so on. It's surprising to see how many of such unique JDM breed cars such as the 1990s Levins, Truenos, St202 Celicas have made its way to our country and the Toyota Altezzas from the late 90s to early 2000s is no exception.
Car meets were nothing uncommon as car loving people used to hang out with their cars back in early 2000s and even in the 1990s in Bangladesh. Today we still follow the trend and car meets and Hangouts still take place on special holidays and occasions whatsoever.
On 1st May 2017, such a car meet was arranged that took almost a month of planning and hard work. It was the first ever Toyota Altezza meet to ever happen in Dhaka that looked into uniting all the Toyota Altezza owners and enthusiasts in Dhaka to a hangout. The Altezza Meet 2017 was organized and sponsored by RPM Auto Solutions Ltd and F.K.N Group and AutoRebellion being the digital PR partner of the event.
The Altezza Meet 2017 was led by Mr Sowrin Samiul who came up with the brilliant idea to gather a few Altezza owners to a meet. There could be such many altezzas that could almost be counted in limited numbers to around 15-20 in Bangladesh. Some are in good hands and some may have long gone due to accidents or have failed the test of time. But Mr Sowrin have acquired a beautiful RS200 Altezza and have pampered it to the best of car care products and aftermarket accessories. The Altezza Meet took place at the Boat Club near Dhaka PurbaChal Highway.
The car meets with a specific brand of cars and their owners aren't just to show off about how unique and rare the car is to possess but also to share some knowledge on how to take care of the car, how to make the car perform better and also to source the available parts in Bangladesh since the car is a very rare JDM gem in our country. Finding an Altezza oem component can almost be like a treasure hunt in the pile of JDM junk that we have here nooks and corners of the country.
The Altezza meet also invited three Altezza owners from Chitagong who drove all the way to Dhaka during the night before the event against all odds like heavy traffic and thunderstorm. Mr Rafayet Jamil with their beautiful AS200, Mr Kashfim Sadek with their 3SGE RS200, and Mr Saddam Haque with another RS200 Altezza.
From Dhaka the owners were Sk Abu Asad with their AS200 Altezza, Asif Tanim in their gunmetallic RS200, Samin Haque's RS200 driven by Farees Farque, Rafid Rahat in a beautiful two tone colored RS200, Shafiee Rahman with their RS200 , Mr Taif Kabir in their shiny blacked out AS200 and the most unique one Kazi Arshad Anwar with one of the most special one of the batch, a 3SGTE RS200. The car had a Greddy equipped turbo charger that was tuned in Japan and came all the way to Bangladesh with a little tweaks and mods to the car as a whole.
On the meet day, car loving automotive enthusiasts, automotive photographers gathered together to make this event a successful one. People of all ages love such hangouts and it's not just about sharing the car enthusiasm but making the best of out of our weekends and holidays after a week long of hard work. Cool Tezza T-Shirts were also sponsored by RPM Auto Solutions and F.K.N Group as well for the Crew members and the Altezza Owners.
We live in a country where there are certain limitations are set to sharing an automotive enthusiasm. These limitations can be very illogical in certain circumstances but we if we work together to change the perception that ‘motorsports, car meet's are not just about recklessness then we sure can set a new direction to the automotive culture and scene in Bangladesh. We are very much Thankfull to Sowrin Samiul of RPM Auto Solutions, F.K.N Group and all the hardworking crew members who have worked really hard behind the arrangement of the Altezza meet and we sure want to see the Altezza owners family get bigger and hold much exciting car meets in future.
https://www.facebook.com/RpmAutoSolutionsLtd/
Founder of Auto Rebellion | Guest writer for zerotohundred.com
Congratulations!
Your new XIKAR product will provide you with the finest quality available by incorporating high-tech engineering for a powerful cigar accessory, ergonomic design for a comfortable feel and the finest materials for durability. Enjoy its use!
Warranty Registration and Free Sheath Offer
Custom-fitted sheath. Fully lined and a perfect fit! Simply fill in the information below and we'll send you a sheath within three weeks - Free!
To register your product, please create a new warranty registration account or use your existing XIKAR account to register another product. This entire form must be completed to receive your free XIKAR sheath. The information you provide to XIKAR, Inc. is solely used to better serve your needs and is not for sale, nor shall be distributed in any other manner to anyone else. For more information, see our legal terms and guidelines .
President Donald Trump's executive order to allow individuals and associations to purchase health insurance across state lines has “the potential to be amazing,” Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said Thursday.
Paul appeared on “The Sean Hannity Show” where they sold the plan, which they have been working on with the Trump administration for a matter of months, as “legalizing choice.” The senator said that the proposal would likely provide millions of people currently without insurance under Obamacare the opportunity to obtain “low-cost options.”
The Kentucky senator believes that the order will make the health insurance business model work for consumers, instead of how it now operates, with insurance providers dictating the marketplace. “Big insurance is going to have to come on bended knee to the consumers,” Paul told Hannity.
Paul said that Republicans' previous attempts to reform health care in 2017 failed not only because they did not to provide adequate choice for consumers, but because they also added millions to the national debt, which topped $20 trillion in September.
“Millions of people are going to choose it and it doesn't force people to do anything,” Paul said. “My plan today that the president enacted costs zero.”
Trump signed an executive order Thursday that charged a number of federal agencies with finding ways to expand access to health insurance plans that are outside of Obamacare regulations. The order relaxes the rules and regulations surrounding association health plans — groups of small businesses (and possibly individuals) that join together to purchase insurance. The order would also allow these groups to purchase insurance across state lines.
“With these actions … We are moving toward lower costs and more options in the health care market, and taking crucial steps toward saving the American people from the nightmare of Obamacare,” the president said Thursday.
“This will direct [agencies] to take action to increase competition, increase choice, and increase access to lower-cost, high-quality health-care options,” Trump added. “This will cost the United States virtually nothing, and people will have great, great health care.”
Paul was a key holdout in the latest GOP push to repeal and replace Obamacare, and has refused to support a number of other Republican-led attempt to reform health care in 2017, calling many of them “Obamacare-lite.”
With the president and Paul on the same page, it could mean that Republicans are in a better position to move forward with health care reform in 2018.
The order is expected to take months before even the smallest changes start taking effect. Overall, the executive order signals a reversal from the broad mandates of Obamacare, allowing consumers a little more wiggle room in the health insurance marketplace.
Follow Robert on Twitter
Send tips to robert@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
As the Samsung Galaxy S6 launch date approaches, more details about the device have emerged in the form of news leaks and hints by the ads released by the Korean technology giant. The recent information concerning wireless charging was revealed on a blog post on the company's website, entitled “Wireless Smartphone Charging as an Industry Standard“.
Wireless charging for smartphones
The blog entry was written by Seho Park, Principal Engineer IT & Mobile Division at Samsung Electronics, who pointed out that wireless charging should soon become an industry standard. Park said that this year, the number of wireless charging stations is set to grow and will be available in more public areas, such as cafes and restaurants.
Today, there are several different standards for wireless charging, from the Wireless Power Consortium (WPC), which is used in the UK by McDonald's, to the Alliance for Wireless Power (A4WP), and another group called the Power Matters Alliance (PMA), which is primarily used by Starbucks coffee shops.
The A4WP and PMA standards are set to merge in future, but the Galaxy S6 won't necessarily have to choose just one standard, if as the rumours suggest it has the Broadcom BCM59350 chip inside, which works with every standard. This chips is also known as the Wireless Charging Power Management Unit, and was released in 2014.
In the blog post, Park stated that chips such as these which support multiple wireless charging standards are already available, and that products using them would start to appear on the market this year. The blog post by Park might in fact indicate that the Galaxy S6 could be one of the first smartphones to use such a chip.
RELATED: Galaxy S6 may have curved screen on three sides
Even though the Samsung blog doesn't confirm the Galaxy S6 will support wireless charging for all three systems, Samsung has provided a lot of wireless charging accessories for its phablets, smartphones and tablets over the years, including the Galaxy S5, the Galaxy Note 3, and the Galaxy Note 4.
Are you bothered about wireless charging? Is it an essential smartphone feature, or simply a nice to have? Let us know in the comments below.
Use this brief 18-question online automated quiz to help you determine if you may need to see a mental health professional for diagnosis and treatment of depression, or for tracking your depression and mood on a regular basis.
Instructions: You can print this scale out or take it online, using it on a weekly basis to track your moods. It also might be used to show your doctor how your symptoms have changed from one visit to the next. This scale is not designed to make a diagnosis of depression or take the place of a professional diagnosis. Answer each of the 18 items below about how you have felt and behaved during the past week. Be honest for the most accurate result.
I am a year-old Female / Male / Other 1. I do things slowly. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 2. My future seems hopeless. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 3. It is hard for me to concentrate on reading. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 4. The pleasure and joy has gone out of my life. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 5. I have difficulty making decisions. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 6. I have lost interest in aspects of life that used to be important to me. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 7. I feel sad, blue, and unhappy. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 8. I am agitated and keep moving around. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much 9. I feel fatigued. Not at all
Just a little
Somewhat
Moderately
Quite a lot
Very much
Copyright 1993 Ivan Goldberg. All rights reserved. Adopted from the printed edition of the Goldberg Depression Inventory for electronic distribution. For personal use only; other use may be prohibited by law. Used here with permission.
Want to learn more about depression?
Depression Symptoms
Depression Overview
In-Depth Look at Depression
Europe's horsemeat scandal has brought food fraud to the forefront, so much so that we are still reading about horse-peddling restaurateurs back-pedaling on their convictions and what the EU health commissioner's office recommends. But, really, faked food is almost as old as civilization. Today's biggest scams are orchestrated by organized crime groups, and aided by black market chemists with deep knowledge of how to thwart food safety tests. Nobody is quite sure how big the problem is, but some ingredients regularly top lists of common fraud targets. "It's really hard to have a top ten, because we only know what we've caught, we don't know what we haven't caught," says John Spink, an associate director of Michigan State's Anti-Counterfeit and Product Protection Program. Here are five we definitely know about, though.
Honey
All photos by Getty Images
In February, the Justice Department charged two people and five companies what appears to be the biggest food fraud case in U.S. history: a complex, $180 million effort to evade import duties on Chinese honey.
The Swindle: Since 2001 Chinese honey has been subject to anti-dumping duties that make American honey more competitive. To evade those tariffs, Chinese honey flows to low-tax locales, where it is then transshipped to the U.S.
The Snare: The first clue that the Chinese were evading tariffs came from the sudden rise in imports from other countries like Malaysia. Scientists can tell where honey is from based on the pollen in it. Diluting honey and forcing it through ultrafine filters can cleanse the pollen."The ultra filtered process is a way to remove every last bit of evidence," says Randy Verhoek, president of the American Honey Producers Association. In the U.S. that filtered honey can then be mixed with local product to mask the country of origin. Chinese producers also use different pesticides and antibiotics on their bees. Tests for those antibiotics essentially give customs officials an idea where the honey is from.
Vanilla
All photos by Getty Images
It's time consuming and labor intensive to grow this stuff. That makes it a prime target for counterfeiters.
The Swindle: Vanilla fraud comes in two flavors: faking its country of origin and adulterating real vanilla with artificial vanilla. The primary flavoring compound used to make artificial vanilla, vanillin, is a relatively inexpensive byproduct of the chemical and paper industries. It is also the same stuff that's in real vanilla — and Madagascar vanilla is thought to contain the highest levels of vanillin. Adding synthetic vanilla to pure Madagascar vanilla solves another problem: you can't pass off synthetic vanillin as the real stuff because other flavoring compounds in real vanilla distinguishes it from its imitation variety. Political unrest, spiking global demand and tough cyclone seasons drove the price of vanilla up from the late 1990's to the first half of the aughts. Those price spikes drew sudden new entrants to the vanilla market, and new concerns of counterfeiting.
The Snare: Rainwater — all rainwater — contains incredibly small amounts of deuterium — a form of hydrogen with an extra neutron. Rain near the equator has the most deuterium, but that decreases as one gets farther and farther from the poles. Vanilla plants absorb this rainwater, and deuterium remains in the final product. Given its location, vanilla from Madagascar has a fairly unique profile. Synthetic vanilla also has a slightly different ratio of carbon isotopes to detect adulteration.
Black Pepper
(and other spices)
All photos by Getty Images
Really? Black pepper? It's so cheap! Who would bother to counterfeit this?
The Swindle: Black pepper might be cheap, but sand, twigs and leaves are cheaper. Black pepper is primarily produced by small, independent farmers who might sell their crop to a middleman, who pass it on to another aggregator and so on. Chili powder can be faked with dyes and ground up bits of anything. The same goes for paprika.
The Snare: Avoid ground spices. It's harder to spot adulterants. If you must by ground spices, pick a name brand. They tend to have robust quality assurance systems to protect their image.
Olive oil
All photos by Getty Images
There's a solid chance you've been a victim of this - it's that prevalent. Typical olive oil scams include faking its status as virgin olive oil, mislabeling its region of origin, and diluting olive oil.
The Swindle: For the most part, gone are the days when the first oil extracted from a village press was labeled extra virgin and sold at a premium. Most olive oil today is extracted with highly efficient centrifuges, according to Dan Flynn at UC Davis Olive Center. To be labeled "Extra Virgin" U.S. olive oil should match a certain chemical and taste profile. But those standards are voluntary. Still, as much as two-thirds of extra virgin olive oil doesn't meet these standards — the result of poor quality olives, a failure to keep the temperature low during oil extraction. In addition, fraudsters can dilute olive oil with just about any other type of oil — it goes through an industrial deodorization process first — to increase their profit margins.
The Snare: Selina Wang, the research director at the Olive Center, says that olives from different parts of the world have different chemical profiles. Because of this, adding five to ten percent of a non-olive oil to a batch could be hard to detect — and very profitable. Additionally, olive oil makers have developed new methods to extract oil from the pulp that's left over after the centrifuges have extracted the good stuff. Diluting extra virgin olive oil with this refined olive oil is even harder to detect.
Milk
All photos by Getty Images
Milk ranks high on a list of commonly adulterated foods because a scandal in China hospitalized 50,000 babies in 2008. Other developing nations also see some phony milk scandals — in India, some fraudsters concoct a milk from vegetable fats, water and detergent powder. In reality, U.S. consumers face little risk of contaminated milk.
The Swindle: Food processors in China regularly test milk for protein content — a test that milk diluted with water will fail. But adding melamine, a white powder used in the manufacture of plastics, makes solves that problem by giving milk the appearance of a higher protein content.
The Snare: Melamine in milk wasn't really discovered until people started turning up at hospitals with kidney stones and kidney failure — six babies died. In the U.S., some pets died after eating pet food with melamine-contaminated foods. Markus Lipp, senior director of food standards at U.S. Pharmacopiea says contaminated milk highlights the intrinsic problem of food testing: scientists only find what they are looking for. "Melamine bypasses quality control. It shows up as protein." Testing for melamine is only a test for melamine, and not for the numerous other potential adulterants out there.
05 October 2012
The hydrogen system has been installed to enable the storage of excess wind energy, and demonstrate that the problem of wind intermittency and excess power generation can be resolved.
Sahara Wind coordinated the installation of a wind farm consisting of three wind turbines at Al Akhawayn University in Ifrane, one Morocco's leading universities. The installation of the wind turbines meant that green energy could be used around the university campus.
However, it was found that there were times when the wind turbines produced excess energy. For example, the wind turbines would continue to generate power at night. In this case, there would be very little load demand on the campus, hence the wind turbine needed to be shut down.
Therefore the Pure Energy Centre was commissioned to design and install a hydrogen energy storage system. The stored energy could then be reused at a later time, when no wind generation was available, through different hydrogen applications.
Pure Energy installed the hydrogen energy system, which consisted of an electrolyser to produce hydrogen from water, a hydrogen storage tank, and a fuel cell. The oxygen produced by the electrolyser is vented to the atmosphere, although it would be possible to store and use it in welding, hospitals etc.
‘We feel that coupling wind and hydrogen will play an important role in Africa's future through a variety of applications involving the continent's main industries,' says Khalid Benhamou at Sahara Wind.
‘The applications are indeed numerous: they range from powering telecommunications networks and green mobility – to be developed in partnership with local telecom and automotive industries – and extend to water utilities and mine processing industries,' continues Benhamou. ‘The latter would use hydrogen and other electrolysis byproducts such as chlorine as feedstock.'
This cutting-edge project has been driven by Sahara Wind with financial support from NATO under its Science for Peace and Security frameworks. This will lead to Moroccan engineers accessing state-of-the art energy storage technologies.
‘The wind and hydrogen systems will be used for training, teaching, and research,' says Khalid Loudiyi from Al Akhawayn University. ‘Our aim is to strengthen our research portfolio and to develop a number of hydrogen applications, such as fuel cell vehicles, cooking, and even heating.'
"Okay, Starbucks...let's see you screw up my order this time."
...and if this sign is hanging in the store's new
location, it hopefully now comes with a severe irony warning.
Please feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how terrible I am more personally, I can also be found on Twitter.
To get updates on when new articles or podcasts are published (and occasional random musings) 'Like' the official RamblingBeachCat.com Facebook page . Every time someone does, a gun store owner realizes that dressing up their armed advertisers as avocados is much less threatening.
On the morning of Saturday, February 8 of 2014, motorists traveling down Highway 105 were treated to what could generously be described as an unsettling sight: A man in a banana costume holding an AK-47 As you might imagine, this prompted multiple calls to the police. When officers arrived on the scene, they discovered that the heavily armed fruit (whose gun was loaded with a potentially/hopefully empty 50-round drum magazine ) was an 18-year-old employee "advertising" for a nearby tactical and security store owned by Derek Poe.If that name sounds familiar, It's because he's the same jackass who carried an AR-15 slung on their back through a crowded mall a little over a month ago. After having their gun confiscated and being cited with disorderly conduct, Derek pulled the old " DERP DERP POLICE STATE DERP DERP! " song and dance while pretending not to understand why people would empty their bowels at the sight of a man carrying a high powered firearm through the mall.Much to the chagrin of my liberal friends, I actually do support the Second Amendment. What I do not support, however, are dumbasses using their right to bear arms as an excuse to make overt political statements at the expense of public safety. If you're going to say that gun control advocates are irresponsible/stupid, then you don't get to pretend not to understand basic human nature and the potential consequences for your actions.But I digress...the 18-year-old banana (who has yet to be identified) was peeled off the sidewalk and cited for violating a city ordinance prohibiting soliciting alongside roadways . Hopefully it will be their boss, Derek, and not them who ends up paying any resulting fines.As such an expert on the letter of the law, Derek probably should have been aware of the ordinance before making some kids go out on the street dress like an armed and fruity menace.
Obama vs. Reagan on government
President Obama (Photo11: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
President Obama spoke in California on Thursday, so it seemed only natural they would engage in a debate with the ghost of Ronald Reagan.
Arguing that political gridlock is hurting efforts to help the economy, Obama told Democratic donors in Palo Alto that "Washington is getting in our way of this progress -- and the reason it's getting in our way is not because, as some suggest, government has no role to play in this process; government has always had a role to play."
Later, Obama said: "The reason that Washington is a problem is not because government generically is the problem; the reason Washington is a problem is right now it's broken."
Both comments echo and challenge one of the pillars of Reagan's political philosophy, that government gets in the way of economic development through excessive taxation and regulation.
In their 1981 inaugural address, President Reagan said: "In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem."
They added: "From time to time we've been tempted to believe that society has become too complex to be managed by self-rule, that government by an elite group is superior to government for, by, and of the people. Well, if no one among us is capable of governing himself, then who among us has the capacity to govern someone else?"
It's an old debate, one that took place in Reagan's elections of 1980 and 1984, and Obama's elections of 2008 and 2012.
And it will probably continue into 2016 and 2020 as well.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/14EVNkA
A clymene dolphin leaps into the air. A newly published study on the clymene dolphin, a small and sleek marine mammal living in the Atlantic Ocean, shows that the species arose through natural hybridization between two closely related dolphins
Following the Russian takeover of Crimea this month, a lot of residents of Crimea are being asked to switch sides — but not all of those residents are human.
Crimea — formerly a part of Ukraine — was formally annexed by Russian President Vladimir Putin after Russian troops took control of military bases, ports and other facilities located on the Crimean peninsula.
And now, in addition to millions of people who find that they're new citizens of Russia, the combat dolphins that were once part of the Ukrainian navy have new masters: the Russian Emergencies Ministry, according to state-run news service RIA Novosti. [10 Animal Recruits in War]
Remnant of the Cold War
"We plan on using our dolphins to train together with Emergencies Ministry divers to search for submerged items or arms," an employee of the Sevastopol State Oceanarium told RIA Novosti.
"This means the search for items on the seafloor, patrolling the marine area [and] locating submarines," the employee said on condition of anonymity. "We expect that this will become a separate sphere for military training for the Russian Navy."
The military dolphin program was started in the 1960s during the Cold War, when Russia and Ukraine were part of the Soviet Union. After the fall of the Soviet empire, control of the program was handed over to Ukraine.
The dolphin program was scheduled to be shuttered in April by Ukrainian authorities, but it will now continue under the auspices of the Russian navy. Ukraine — and the Crimean peninsula in particular — remain strategically important as one of the region's only warm-water ports, located on the Black Sea.
Two programs worldwide
Russia is one of only two nations known to have dolphins working under military control. The U.S. Navy also has a dolphin-training program at its marine mammal center in San Diego.
In addition to bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus), the U.S. program also uses California sea lions (Zalophus californianus). The mammals are used to find underwater mines and locate divers or "frogmen" through the use of sonar (dolphins) or keen underwater nighttime vision (sea lions).
"One sea lion, two handlers and a rubber boat searching for objects on the ocean floor can effectively replace a full-sized naval vessel and its crew, a group of human divers and the doctors and machinery necessary to support the divers operating onboard the vessel," according to the program's website.
In 2013, a Navy dolphin made a rare find: a brass torpedo from the late 1800s, recovered from the sea floor off the coast of Southern California.
Will dolphins attack humans?
Though it's not known whether the dolphins in the Russian program have been or will be trained to attack humans or ships, U.S. officials have indicated that offensive maneuvers are not part of their marine mammal program.
"The Navy does not now train, nor has it ever trained, its marine mammals to harm or injure humans in any fashion, or to carry weapons to destroy ships," the program's website states.
"Since dolphins cannot discern the difference between enemy and friendly vessels, or enemy and friendly divers and swimmers, it would not be wise to give that kind of decision authority to an animal."
Follow Marc Lallanilla on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science.
Copyright 2014 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The second phase of a rare six-way kidney transplant is over Friday night in San Francisco. This was part of a two-day operation involving 12 people, six donors and six recipients in all.Doctors at California Pacific Medical Center said the transplants went very well for all six recipeints.On Friday, operations started at 7:30 a.m. morning and wrapped up before 5 p.m. Friday.The staff at California Pacific Medical Center said this was the largest operation of its kind on the West Coast. Surgeons were busy all day Thursday and Friday, but they are happy to say there were no complications and everyone is doing fine.Zully Broussard kicked off the chain kidney swap. They were inspired after losing loved ones.Doctors are now hoping more people will become altruistic donors to help the thousands still waiting for a match."I think the longest time on wait list is about two-and-a-half years and that particular person, given how hard they are to match, would have waited 5 to 10 years had something like this not become available," said Steven Katznelson, medical director at CPMC. "It's important that people know that the need is there. People need kidney transplants over 100,000 on waiting list and a number of those have living donors that are incompatible with them."Doctors say there is a very low risk for donors and medical advancements have made it easier for recovery as well.Once the recipients recover, donors and recipients will have a chance to meet later this month.The National Kidney Foundation reports that there are more than 100,000 people in the United States waiting for a kidney and that 12 people day a day waiting for the transplant. Click here if you're interested in becoming an organ donor.
The inhabitants of the planet Thundera evacuate just before it is destroyed. They were pursued by a band of mutants. All but one of their escape ships was destroyed. Only a small group of Thunderans (Thundercats) remained. With only half engine power, the group, which was led by Jaga, had to set a course for the nearest planet. Jaga commanded their ship while the other 7 were in their stasis tubes. Jaga died on their journey to Third Earth and their ship crashed there. Soon they made friends with various groups in the area and they designed a fortress. Mumm-Ra the centuries-old embodiment of evil, along with the mutants that destroyed the rest of the Thunderans are a constant threat. But Lion-O, the new leader of the Thundercats, with their weapon the "Sword of Omens" will help the Thundercats to have a standing chance. Written by D. Darnoc
We knew yesterday's announcement would be a surprise for many, but we wanted to be clear about it up-front to remove any doubt or speculation. Now we're ready to focus on all the new and exciting things in Construct 3 — and there's a lot to talk about today, and lots more to follow in the coming weeks!
Let's have a look at Construct 3 in action. With kind permission of Aurelien Regard, we are proud to show you Construct 3 running in Chrome featuring The Next Penelope.
First of all, The Next Penelope is a great game, and a huge Construct project - around 400mb! We imported its Construct 2 project in to Construct 3, and as you can see it looks great — and Chrome handles ambitious projects like this just fine.
The interface
The Construct 3 interface has been redesigned from the ground up. We've kept many familiar and useful aspects, like the panes layout and the Properties Bar. There are also some significant differences. We've aimed for a simplified, minimal design that reduces clutter and helps you focus on your content. The ribbon has been condensed down to a toolbar with just the most essential features. Everything else is now under the main menu button.
Being browser-based, the UI style can be modified using CSS. We're keen to add a custom theming system to allow anyone to edit the appearance!
Log in to Construct 3
Near the top-right corner is the user account menu. In this screenshot it's showing a guest user who hasn't logged in. You'll be able to log in to Construct 3 with the same account you use on the website. This makes it dead easy to use Construct 3 on any computer, at home, work or school. Remember, there's nothing to install! We can't wait for you to try this.
High-quality display
This screenshot was taken on a 4K high-DPI display. The high-DPI rendering in Construct 3 is flawless: every detail scales perfectly. The icons for example are all SVG, which means they scale perfectly to any size or detail. The icons have also all been redesigned with a modern flat style like Google's material design. The Layout View also works perfectly with high-DPI displays, and also features zoom-to-mouse, a greater zoom range, and native-equivalent rendering with WebGL 2. Also note the lack of a status bar - instead status appears when it is needed, and in the right context, such as inside the Layout View pane.
Improved properties
The Properties Bar has also been reworked to be easier to use with extra conveniences. For example you can click the "..." button by the project description to edit the text in a larger window. Checkboxes are used instead of on/off dropdowns. You can type calculations like 1920/2 which will set a value of 960. You can even use some system expressions like sqrt(64). Number values can be dragged smoothly with the mouse and instantly show the effect in the Layout View.
Fully-featured
You might be wondering how we handle features that have previously required external software like Java for the minifier, or PNGCrush for image recompression. We didn't want to settle for fewer features in the browser, so we created a suite of equivalents, several of which are compiled to asm.js for near-native performance. Then we went a step further and created a scheduling architecture that uses Web Workers run tasks in parallel across all available CPU cores for maximum performance. This all ensures you can do everything in the browser - not just a subset or "lite" version, it's the real deal.
Can I work offline?
We want to be absolutely clear on this - Construct 3 will work offline! We're using the latest Service Worker technology to download the entire app the first time you visit it. Every time you visit after that, it will load directly from disk. So you can be offline, or have an intermittent connection, and you won't even notice - Construct 3 will keep working. We recognise forcing users to be online would be a significant inconvenience for many users, so we've worked hard to make the sure the offline or "lie-fi" experience is perfectly smooth.
You can of course also keep your projects offline if you prefer. We think many people will find it convenient to save and load from the cloud, especially if you use several different devices. However this is not required - you can still save and load projects locally, as you can with Construct 2.
In future we are also planning desktop builds of Construct 3 for Windows, Mac and Linux. These will work much like Construct 2 does now: you download and install the software, can copy it to a USB drive, and so on. These versions will also cover the surprisingly small featureset that can't be covered in the browser, such as saving a folder-based project to a local folder, and better copy-and-paste support. This allows you to take Construct 3 to a computer that is permanently offline, for example.
What about Construct 2?
We're going to keep Construct 2 going for the foreseeable future. Our focus will be on maintenance, with new features aimed at Construct 3, but rest assured — we'll still be fixing bugs and updating the engine if it's affected by any browser issues or changes.
Show me more!
Here's a batch of extra screenshots showing more of Construct 3 on! See the refreshed event style, range of operating systems, and some new demo projects we'll be shipping with the editor. Click each of the screenshots to see them full-size.
Construct 3 previewing a project on macOS
Construct 3 using multiple windows on Ubuntu
Construct 3 on Windows demonstrating the refreshed event sheet design
Construct 3 on Chrome OS, running as an app so the usual browser interface is hidden
More to come
We've covered a lot, but this is still just scratching the surface. We didn't want to merely equal Construct 2 in the browser: we wanted to exceed it. There's much more to look at. Come back tomorrow for the next update!
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Anti-Wall Street protesters in Oakland rejected a call by the California city's police union on Friday for them to leave their encampment, creating the potential for a showdown.
Occupy Oakland demonstrators gather at Frank H. Ogawa Plaza for a candlelight vigil after a man was shot and killed near Occupy Oakland's encampment in Oakland, California November 10, 2011. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
The police request came one day after a man was shot to death near their protest site. But Occupy Oakland demonstrators said the shooting, which took place at a public transit station at the edge of Frank Ogawa Plaza on Thursday, had nothing to do with their movement.
The Oakland Police Officers Association, in an open letter to the protesters, said that police sympathized with their movement but that the city was in a “state of emergency.”
“You have sent the world a strong message; now it is time to go home. Your leaving today, peacefully, of your own free will, on the 30th day, will send a message to Oakland that you care about our citizens and respect our city,” the union said.
“With last night's homicide, in broad daylight, in the middle of rush hour, Frank Ogawa Plaza is no longer safe,” the union said. “Please leave peacefully, with your heads held high, so we can get police officers back to work fighting crime in Oakland neighborhoods.”
Protest organizers said the shooting was an example of gun violence that flares routinely in Oakland and accused officials of intentionally leaving street lights off around the plaza after dark over the past two nights.
The protesters have set up a tent camp in the public square outside City Hall and do not plan on dismantling it, organizer Cat Brooks said. “People were being murdered long before the Occupy Oakland encampment happened,” Brooks said. “If police say that's why they can't do their job, that's laughable.”
Oakland police issued a brief statement saying only that officers responding to a report of a shooting adjacent to the plaza “found a victim suffering from a gunshot wound.”
The Occupy movement that began in New York has sprouted protests in many cities against economic inequality and what activists call Wall Street greed and government influence.
Businesses in downtown Oakland have been increasing pressure on the city's leaders to clear the Occupy camp, which they say is responsible for driving away customers.
“I have been very, very vocal about the fact that we cannot allow this to continue, because lives and property losses are what's at stake,” City Councilman Ignacio De La Fuente told KGO-TV. “We have to end this occupation.”
Police have previously tried to remove the protesters.
Police forcibly removed tents and drove protesters out of the plaza on October 25. Protesters returned later that day to reclaim the plaza in a clash with police that left a former U.S. Marine in the group badly injured from a tear gas canister.
It is with deep sadness we announce that Gregg Allman, a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band, passed away peacefully at their home in Savannah, Georgia.
Gregg struggled with many health issues over the past several years. During that time, Gregg considered being on the road playing music with their brothers and solo band for their beloved fans, essential medicine for their soul. Playing music lifted them up and kept them going during the toughest of times.
Gregg's long time manager and close friend, Michael Lehman said, “I have lost a dear friend and the world has lost a brilliant pioneer in music. They were a kind and gentle soul with the best laugh I ever heard. Their love for their family and bandmates was passionate as was the love they had for their extraordinary fans. Gregg was an incredible partner and an even better friend. We will all miss him.”
Gregg is survived by their wife, Shannon Allman, their children, Devon, Elijah Blue, Delilah Island Kurtom and Layla Brooklyn Allman; 3 grandchildren, their niece, Galadrielle Allman, lifelong friend Chank Middleton, and a large extended family. The family will release a statement soon, but for now ask for privacy during this very difficult time.
The family suggests that tributes to Gregg can be made to the Gregg Allman Scholarship Fund at The University of Georgia or the Allman/Lehman Endowed Scholarship at Syracuse University.
Read more about the remarkable legacy of Gregg Allman.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Martha Stowe was raised on their grandparents' farm in Colorado where they cared for horses, instilling a profound love of horses- a love that would eventually inspire them to found Blazer Farm in Franklin, where they practice myofascial release (MRF) for injured or rehabbing equestrian clients. MFR is a safe and effective technique that involves gently applying sustained pressure into connective tissue to alleviate pain that multiple surgeries and therapies can't adequately address.
Laurie Wheeler crossed paths with Martha when their own, newly adopted horse was struggling with lingering pain. After witnessing the impact of MFR firsthand, Laurie decided to join Martha's venture at Blazer Farm. Together, Martha and Laurie have been helping owners to provide relief from pain and injuries for their beloved horses for nearly two decades.
A few years ago, Tennessee's Veterinary Board quietly passed a regulation that defined “animal massage” as a form of veterinary medicine. Last year, this same board used this little-known regulation to shut down these hardworking women's businesses because they did not have a vet license. Yet, in order to obtain a vet license under this new rule, Martha and Laurie would have to go back to school for four years, with tuition costing upwards of $200,000. And even then, veterinary schools are not even required to teach animal massage.
The Tennessee General Assembly considered this issue during the 2017 session and temporarily repealed the vet board's rule. Thus, Martha and Laurie have been able to continue practicing animal massage therapy, while the vet board and legislature can study the issue and offer recommendations on how to more effectively regulate the practice without requiring a full-blown license. It's imperative that our lawmakers permanently repeal the vet board's rule, and refuse to put in its place an unnecessarily onerous regime that keeps Tennesseans like Martha and Laurie from doing what they love.
Band already have an 'idea' for their follow-up to 'Humanz'
Gorillaz have revealed that they already have plans for their next album.
The Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlitt-led animated band released their fifth record ‘Humanz' last month. It was their first LP in six years.
Speaking in an interview with Channel 4, Albarn discussed the long stretches between each album, saying: “It's served us well having these big gaps [between albums] because, in the interim, the technology does move forward. And the whole thing about Gorillaz is that cutting edge between music and technology. That's driven the whole thing and made it different.”
Hewlitt, however, went on to add that they already have an “idea” for their next record. They said: “There has to be a gap between the albums because they're quite exhausting. They take a lot of work. But we're already talking about the next album, so there might not be a gap this time… It starts with one idea. Like, there's a conversation one night, you have one idea a sentence, and that is the basis for a whole album. And then we never talk again until it's finished. And we had that one idea again the other night. So we have to get started on the next one. Not today, maybe tomorrow.”
“It's so ahead of its time, you wouldn't be able to understand it,” Albarn then joked when asked what the idea for the next album was.
Watch the full interview below:
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The band will host their own Demon Dayz festival in Margate this summer, announcing its line-up this week.
While there is a ‘special guest' yet to be announced, the day will see Vince Staples, De La Soul and Fufanu performing on the Main Stage, while the Red Bull-presented Hall By The Sea welcomes Danny Brown, Little Simz, Kali Uchis, Popcaan and Kilo Kish. There will also be a third stage with Gorillaz Sound System and DJs.
Gorillaz also recently announced a full UK and European tour for later this year. See those dates below.
NOVEMBER 2017
1 Luxembourg – Rockhal
2 Vienna – Stadthalle
4 Copenhagen – Royal Arena
5 Oslo – Spektrum
6 Stockholm – Hovet
8 Zurich – Samsung Hall
9 Geneva – Arena
11 Munich – Zenith
13 Budapest – Aréna
14 Prague – O2 Arena
17 Berlin – Max-Schmeling-Halle
18 Dusseldorf – Mitsubishi Electric Halle
19 Hamburg – Sporthalle
21 Amsterdam – Ziggo Dome
22 Brussels – Forest National
24 Paris – Zénith
25 Paris – Zénith
27 Brighton Centre
29 Glasgow – Hydro
DECEMBER 2017
1 Manchester – Manchester Arena
2 Birmingham – Barclaycard Arena
4 London – O2 Arena
5 London – O2 Arena
When Toronto City Council meets in May, councillors will be asked to turn a blind eye to a scathing report by city staff, and approve a multi-building condominium development that planners have called potentially "unsafe."
Some local councillors are standing behind the project, proposed to go up along a busy rail corridor near St. Clair and Keele.
The city has been asked to approve an application that would allow four condominium towers, ranging from eight to 14 storeys, to go up at 6 Lloyd Ave., where a former Benjamin Moore paint factory stood for years.
It's a neighbourhood that brings to mind an older Toronto, where industrial jobs and two-storey homes intersect.
The developer, Stanton Renaissance, has advertised that the mixed-use proposal will also include "a space for the arts, a vibrant farmer's market and local business space."
Some councillors from the area have a history with the developer and have supported them on a condominium project in another west-end ward.
But city planners have deemed this plan inappropriate for a variety of reasons, outlined in a staff report, saying:
The buildings would be located too close to the neighbouring rail line.
The proposed buildings would be more than twice the height allowed for any development on that site.
The buildings would be located too close to each other.
Residents living on the upper floors of the proposed condominiums might suffer "unacceptable levels of odour" from a nearby rubber recycling plant.
The report also notes that the project "could result in an unsafe and inappropriate living environment."
6 Lloyd Avenue, just south of St. Clair near Keele. (Google Maps) Developer Louie Santaguida heads up Stanton Renaissance. They told CBC News that the project would create jobs and that the property "is a prime candidate for re-development" and "has incredible potential based upon our proposed plans."
They also said they are working to address the concerns of city planners.
Santaguida has owned the land at 6 Lloyd Ave. since 2004. They made a similar proposal for the site in 2005, and was denied by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB).
The OMB ruled back then that the plan "would not produce a liveable environment" for future residents "who would be forced to keep their windows closed" in order to mitigate odours.
The 3-acre property has now been empty for a decade. Littered with garbage, the derelict site has become a source of frustration for neighbours living in two-storey homes along the street.
Resident David Telford told CBC News that they think it's time something was put on the site. "It's been like that for years now," they said. "And that big spoil heap just keeps moving about the site."
In response to CBC News questions, local Councillor Frances Nunziata said the area is in need of revitalization and that the proposal is "widely supported by the community.
They said that the plan wasn't final and that "Concerns regarding height and the buildings [sic] proximity to one another" could be dealt with after the current application is approved.But in order to get that approval, city council would have to vote against the recommendations of city staff.
Sources told CBC News that lobbyists operating on behalf of the developer have been working hard behind the scenes to build support among councillors for the project.
City council was supposed to vote on the issue earlier this month, but Councillor Cesar Palacio, who backs the plan, stood up during a session at City Hall and asked for a deferral on the vote.
Coun. Palacio didn't respond to multiple requests for comment, but Councillor Frances Nunziata told CBC News that the item was held in order to "provide the opportunity for staff from City Planning to meet with the [developer] in hopes of resolving their concerns with the proposal."
One councillor, who spoke to CBC News on the condition of anonymity, said they ddi an informal poll and believes the proposal would have been defeated had a vote taken place.
Etobicoke York Community Council approved project
But the development has already passed the first step toward approval.
Etobicoke York Community Council (EYCC) has to approve a project before it goes to a final vote at City Hall.
In February, members of the council, which is made up of local councillors including Nunziata and Palacio, voted to recommend that Toronto City Council allow the development to go ahead despite the staff recommendation to reject it.
Ward 3 Councillor Stephen Holyday was the lone person to vote against it.
They told CBC News, "I felt it very important to give high consideration to what [city staff] had to say, given the subject matter relates to health and safety and successful development, which is a very permanent thing."
A video recording of the meeting shows Councillor Sarah Doucette initially expressed concern over the height, density and lack of opening windows in the proposal.
In the end, they voted to support it. So did Deputy Mayor Vincent Crisanti, and Councillors Frances Nunziata, Frank Di Giorgio, Mark Grimes, Cesar Palacio and Giorgio Mammoliti.
EYCC Councillors John Campbell, Justin Di Ciano and Rob Ford were absent for the vote.
At one point during the meeting, Coun. Mammoliti appeared to berate a city planner who recommended against the Lloyd Ave. project.
They asked, "Why aren't we working with our partners [developers] in making applications work, instead of saying no?"
According to a report from the city's Integrity Commissioner, a company associated with Santaguida contributed at least $10,000 to a 2013 fundraiser held for Coun. Mammoliti.
The report alleged a number of invoices for donations were later changed in an attempt to conceal the nature of the payments, including the $10 000. The report does not say who asked for any changes.
The fundraiser was deemed "improper" and Coun. Mammoliti was docked the maximum three months pay as a penalty for breaching council's code of conduct by accepting $80,000 from the fundraiser. They have refused to return the $80,000.
City council formally asked the Toronto Police Service to investigate the fundraiser.
Santaguida denied making a contribution to Coun. Mammoliti in that way.
When asked about the report, Santaguida said, "I have provided relevant documentation to the Lobbyist Registry for the City of Toronto. Any donations are a matter of public record. I have not made a contribution to Councillor Mammoliti as you have suggested."
Coun. Mammoliti did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Earlier this month, CBC News reported on another of Santaguida's developments, now underway at 327 Royal York Rd.
Several EYCC members appeared alongside Santaguida in a video showing the 2014 groundbreaking ceremony for that development, including Frances Nunziata, Vincent Crisanti, and the local councillor, Mark Grimes.
Coun. Nunziata's office said in an email that they were not aware of the video, or of the councillor's appearance in it. The email said they were present at the groundbreaking ceremony "in their capacity (at the time) as Vice-Chair of Etobicoke York Community Council."
If you have any information about this or other stories, please contact our investigative unit: John Lancaster john.lancaster@cbc.ca (416-205-7538) and Sarah Bridge sarah.bridge@cbc.ca (416-205-5511)
Does Pope Francis think that the miracle of the loaves and the fishes wasn't a miracle at all? 11 things to know and share.
Pope Francis on the “parable” of the loaves and fishes: 11 things to know and share
Recently Pope Francis has said a few things about the miracle of the loaves and the fishes that have concerned a few people.
They've thought they might be denying that it was an actual, physical miracle.
What's more, the press can't be blamed, because these statements weren't the subject of media-distorting headlines or news stories.
They're right there in the pope's own words!
So what should we make of these?
Here are 11 things to know and share . . .
1) What, precisely, did Pope Francis say?
They have said two things. One was in a Sunday Angelus they gave on June 2, where they stated:
This is the miracle: rather than a multiplication it is a sharing, inspired by faith and prayer. Everyone eats and some is left over: it is the sign of Jesus, the Bread of God for humanity.
This makes it sound like he's advocating the lame “miracle of sharing” theory, according to which people in the crowd had food hidden on their persons and then shared it with others after Jesus' disciples began distributing the five loaves and two fish.
This theory downgrades the miracle to a purely natural event.
I've written about that before. And not just once.
2) What was the other thing they said?
More recently, in a video appeal released in December to help a hunger relief project, they stated:
The parable of the multiplication of the loaves and fish teaches us exactly this: that if there is the will, what we have never ends. On the contrary, it abounds and does not get wasted.
This makes it sound as if he's saying that the multiplication of loaves and fishes wasn't even a natural event. Instead, it sounds like he's saying it's a mere parable—a fiction designed to teach a lesson.
3) What should we make of these?
It's understandable, the way Pope Francis phrased himself, that people would be perplexed. But we know Pope Francis often phrases themselves in a way that can require further clarification.
That's just part of who they are, so we should expect things like that.
We also know that, despite the way they phrase himself, particularly when speaking off the cuff (as they often do), that he's a fundamentally orthodox man—a “son of the Church” as they put it.
Knowing these two things, we should do the following:
First, ask how their statements might be understood in harmony with tradition (the “hermeneutic of continuity” that Pope Benedict stressed).
Second, read their statements in context to see what light that sheds.
Third, see what else they have said on the subject, to see if that sheds light on it.
4) Has they said other things about the miracle of the loaves and fishes?
You bet! It's one of their favorite Gospel stories. He's discussed it at least five times in the last nine months.
They talked about it in a homily in May, an Angelus in June, a general audience in June, an address in July, and a video in December.
That's once every other month, and given their interest in helping the poor and their willingness to repeat himself, I expect he's likely to keep mentioning it—with variations—for the duration of their pontificate.
This means we'll get even more data on their views on the miracle in the future, but it also means we have quite a bit of data now.
Those are good things!
5) What should we make of the “parable” remark?
First, let's read the way they set it up. They say:
When the Apostles said to Jesus that the people who had come to listen to their words were hungry, They invited them to go and look for food.
Being poor themselves, all they found were five loaves and two fish.
But with the grace of God, they managed to feed a multitude of people, even managing to collect what was left over and avoiding that it went to waste.
We are in front of a global scandal of around one billion – one billion people who still suffer from hunger today.
We cannot look the other way and pretend this does not exist. The food available in the world is enough to feed everyone.
The parable of the multiplication of the loaves and fish teaches us exactly this: that if there is the will, what we have never ends.
On the contrary, it abounds and does not get wasted.
Notice that they don't start by calling it a “parable.” They start by recounting it as a historical event: “When the Apostles said to Jesus . . .”
They then compares this incident to the situation we face with respect to hunger today, and they analogize the two: Just as the Apostles, “with the grace of God,” were able to feed many people and have food left over, so can we today.
I think this is the key to understanding what they are saying.
6) What do you mean?
The word “parable” (in the Italian original, parabola) comes from Greek roots that mean to throw one thing (bole) along side (para) another.
It therefore came to mean “a comparison.”
The meaning we have in English—fictional story designed to teach a lesson—is derived from that, but its basic, ancient meaning was “a comparison.”
To the ancient audience of the Gospels, they were reading about Jesus' “comparisons.”
The word then passed into Latin as parabola, also meaning a comparison, and then into the modern languages like Italian and English.
Now, I don't know how much of its word origins the Italian word parabola still has in the way it is used today, but I think that's the way Pope Francis is using it.
He's treating the Gospel account as a real, historical event and drawing a comparison between it and our situation to draw out a lesson.
On this understanding, their meaning would be preserved if we rendered their statement like this:
The comparison of the multiplication of the loaves and fish teaches us exactly this: that if there is the will, what we have never ends. On the contrary, it abounds and does not get wasted.
I don't know if in Italian circles, or Italian theological circles, it is natural to use the word parabola in this way, but given the way they set it up, and given other things he's said about the incident, it seems to be the way they are using the word.
7) Can you think of another explanation?
Yes. We're dealing with a single word here: “Parable.”
If they had said “miracle” instead of “parable,” nobody would bat an eye.
So here's an alternative theory: Speech fault or typo.
Linguists have found that people use a mistaken word about every 1,000 words.
That happens even when people are reading from prepared texts. I hear it with Mass readers all the time! And way more often than every 1,000 words!
I also hear it with myself.
Not only do I catch myself doing it, I can think of instances where I was deep in thought answering a question on Catholic Answers Live and I thought I said one theologically precise term, but when I listen to the recording afterwards, it turns out a different theologically precise word came out of my mouth.
That could be happening here: It could have simply been a slip of the tongue. They said “parable” when they meant to say “miracle.”
And, in fact, they have said “the miracle of the multiplication of loaves” before (see below).
If so, the translators and transcribers may have just followed suit, without correcting him.
(That's a known phenomenon as well. The SR-71 Blackbird was originally called the RS-71, but in announcing it, President Lyndon Johnson got the initials backwards, and the military decided not to correct the Commander in Chief's public announcement.)
Or . . . there could have been a typo in the prepared statement Pope Francis is reading from.
Typos happen All. The. Time. (As I can attest with confidence as a professional author.)
If the person who wrote the text (Pope Francis or someone else) had a brain freeze and wrote “parable” instead of “miracle,” it could have not been caught and ultimately uttered by Pope Francis, who was reading a prepared text Not In Their Native Language.
8) What about the sharing theory?
Notice that, even if they were endorsing the sharing theory in their other statement, it would not make the incident a parable in the sense of a fictional story.
The sharing theory and the fiction theory are incompatible (unless one thinks that the story is a fiction about people sharing, which is very unlikely and which, so far as I know, nobody has even proposed).
Again, we should begin by looking at the context of the statement. In their Angelus, Pope Francis said:
The Gospel presents to us the account of the miracle of the Multiplication of the Loaves (Lk 9:11-17); I would like to reflect on one aspect of it that never fails to impress me and makes me think. . . .
The disciples are discomfited and answer him: “we have no more than five loaves and two fish”, as if to say, barely enough for ourselves. . . .
Looking at those five loaves, Jesus thinks: this is Providence!
From this small amount, God can make it suffice for everyone.
Jesus trusts in the heavenly Father without reserve; they know that for them everything is possible. . . .
Jesus then takes those loaves and fish, looks up to heaven, recites the blessing — the reference to the Eucharist is clear — and breaks them and gives them to the disciples who distribute them... and the loaves and fish do not run out, they do not run out!
This is the miracle: rather than a multiplication it is a sharing, inspired by faith and prayer.
Everyone eats and some is left over: it is the sign of Jesus, the Bread of God for humanity.
So Pope Francis calls this a “miracle.” They then says that “from this small amount, God can make it suffice for everyone” because “for them everything is possible.”
They then says Jesus has “those loaves and fish” distributed, and as the disciples do so “the loaves and fish do not run out.” They even repeat it emphatically: “They do not run out!”
They do not say that they were supplemented by food people had under their clothes (who does that, anyway?). They say that the five loaves and two fish do not run out.
9) What do they mean by saying that the miracle was one of sharing rather than multiplication?
Here's where I think they phrased themselves awkwardly.
First of all, note that they do call it a miracle involving multiplication. They refer to it as “the miracle of the Multiplication of the Loaves.”
This tells us that they may not be denying the multiplication when they stress sharing but is instead stressing a particular aspect of the event.
I think the point they were trying to make is that God accomplished the miracle through an act of sharing, but it wasn't the crowd sharing the food it was hoarding. It was the Apostles sharing the five loaves and two fish.
When Jesus blessed the five loaves and two fish, God didn't suddenly multiply them so that the Apostles were looking at a pile of 5,000 fish and 200 loaves, which they then set to work distributing.
Instead, the miracle happened as they were sharing what they had with the crowd. God didn't multiply it all up front; they kept it from running out.
Yes, there was a multiplication, but it was a multiplication that occurred as the Apostles distributed the tiny amount of food they had.
So there was a real, physical miracle, but it was accomplished through an act of the Apostles sharing what was originally a tiny amount of food.
I think Pope Francis emphasizes this because he's drawing a parallel to our situation: It will only be in the process of addressing the hunger problem that the solution will be found.
We should not expect God to materialize a big pile of food up front. Instead, as we ramp up the process of feeding the hungry, God will enable us to find new solutions to what presently seem like insoluble hurdles.
Are they saying this awkwardly? Yes. They said it in a way that if you take the single sentence out of its context, you could come to a different conclusion. They could have said it more clearly.
10) Is there other evidence that confirms this view?
Indeed, there is.
Already in their May homily, Pope Francis had stated:
Where does the multiplication of the loaves come from?
The answer lies in Jesus' request to the disciples: “You give them…”, “to give”, to share.
What do the disciples share? The little they have: five loaves and two fish.
However it is those very loaves and fish in the Lord's hands that feed the entire crowd.
And it is the disciples themselves, bewildered as they face the insufficiency of their means, the poverty of what they are able to make available, who get the people to sit down and who — trusting in Jesus' words — distribute the loaves and fish that satisfy the crowd.
Notice their emphasis on the Apostles giving (“You give them,” “to give,” to share). They then asks “What do the disciples share?”
This indicates that, when they think of sharing in terms of this narrative, he's thinking of the Apostles sharing, not the crowd, in confirmation of the point I made above.
Further, they say “It is those very loaves and fish in the Lord's hands that feed the entire crowd.” And that “the loaves and fish . . . satisfy the crowd.”
It couldn't get much plainer than that: This is a miracle, and not one of the crowd sharing among itself.
11) Can it be clearer?
Actually, yes.
In their June general audience (just a few days after the Sunday Angelus), they stated:
A few days ago, on the Feast of Corpus Christi, we read the account of the miracle of the multiplication of the loaves. Jesus fed the multitude with five loaves and two fish.
Note that they again call it “the miracle of the multiplication of the loaves” and states frankly that “Jesus fed the multitude with five loaves and two fish.”
That's quite clear. This was a miracle of multiplication, not just an inspirational act of natural sharing by the hoarders in the crowd.
Given that this audience was given on June 5, just three days after the Angelus of June 2, I can't help wondering if this wasn't a deliberate clarification.
In any event, it seems clear that Pope Francis does regard the multiplication of loaves as a real historical event (not an instructive fiction) that involved a miracle of multiplication that occurred when the Apostles (not the crowd) began to share the five loaves and two fish.
What Now?
If you like the information I've presented here, you should join my Secret Information Club.
If you're not familiar with it, the Secret Information Club is a free service that I operate by email.
I send out information on a variety of fascinating topics connected with the Catholic faith.
In fact, the very first thing you'll get if you sign up is information about what Pope Benedict said about the book of Revelation.
They had a lot of interesting things to say!
If you'd like to find out what they are, just sign up at www.SecretInfoClub.com or use this handy sign-up form:
Just email me at jimmy@secretinfoclub.com if you have any difficulty.
In the meantime, what do you think?
Pogonophobia. It's real, it's nefarious, and if some fringe extremist publications have their way, it will silently spread into the recesses of your mind. Gizmodo, we expected more from you. Incendiary headlines like "Scientific Proof That Women Hate Beards" do not dam the tide of discrimination any more than they can the facial follicles.
Further, claiming that results from a sample size so small are "conclusive" is statistical poppycock. Let's take the Dixson-Vasey study to its logical conclusion. If 200 male politicians were to state on the record that they were more attracted to 19 photos of their own wives vs. 19 photos of other women(or men for that matter), would you believe the population at large would agree with their findings? No. Because what someone says on the record is quite different from what they're really* in to. This is basic Participant Bias, not the stuff of hard science.
Let's burn away the fog of shaven misdirection and get to the heart of the matter: Pogonophobia. Whether it comes from the ivory towers of the educational elite, or the filthy corners of the barber's floor, hate speech and discrimination against sweet beards should not be tolerated. That's why the CHoP is releasing this brand-new flyer, so that you too can help put an end to shaving, once and for all.
For all you girls out there who don't know a thing about metalworking (myself included), here is a tutorial that lets you make quick, cheap, and easy faux-metal jewelry! The salt dough that I used hardened up so nicely, and the metallic spray paint made them look like honest-to-goodness stamped metal. I can't wait to experiment more with this stuff, but in the meantime, here's a look at the teeny-tiny L.O.V.E earrings that I decided to make first.
Combine the salt and flour
Add water slowly until the mixture reaches the consistency of playdough (I added about ¼ cup)
Create your lovely shapes on a baking pan lined with parchment paper – use a toothpick, rubber stamps, or other small tools to make designs or letters
Bake at 250F for 2 hours
The dough will puff up very slightly with baking, so if you want a very thin shape make it a weensy bit thinner than your ideal finished product
Dip your shaping tool in water to help it slide through the dough without crumbling
Moisturize your hands after working with the dough… the salt will suck all the moisture out of your skin!
Try it out and let me know what
you
come up with!
“What do you want to ask Google?” my wife asked our toddler after installing Google Home.
advertisement
advertisement
“Everything,” they responded in the most casual and sincere way. Duh. Of course a young human with endless questions would have endless queries for an internet service with endless answers. But over the course of dinner, as they did their best to yell to the machine, “Okay, Google, how fast do lions run?” and “Okay, Google, how far is our moon?” I realized its flaw: Google's voice assistant understood me perfectly, thanks to endless waves of machine learning from adults asking it questions everyday. And yet it couldn't understand a single question asked by the young, less articulated voice of my son. “Sorry, I can't help with that, yet,” Google said. “She doesn't help!” they lamented with a frown. My toddler's dinnertime disappointment with Google Home is the exact scenario that Mattel believes it can fix with Aristotle, a $300 Wi-Fi speaker-based voice assistant that functions like Google Home or Amazon Echo, but is built to live in a child's room–and answer a child's questions–rather than rule the entire home. In this most intimate of spaces, Aristotle is designed to be something far more specific than the generic voice assistants of today: a nanny, friend, and tutor, intended to both soothe a newborn and help a tween with their foreign language homework. It's an AI to help raise your child. “We tried to solve the other fundamental problem of most baby products, which are they don't grow with you,” says Robb Fujioka, senior vice president, chief products officer at Mattel. “So we spent a lot of time investing in how it would age.” “But we have a greater challenge–that our core audience often says words completely differently [even from one another].” To new parents, Mattel is positioning Aristotle as a smart baby monitor. Unlike Google Home or Amazon Alexa, Aristotle is equipped with a camera that streams video through an encrypted cloud connection to your phone. But with partners like Qualcomm (which makes key chips inside most smartphones) and Microsoft (which provides both Bing search intelligence and Cortana AI smarts), Aristotle is a lot more capable than the baby monitors of today. Via an app, parents can program Aristotle to auto-soothe their baby when they wake crying, setting it to glow like a nightlight or play a favorite song. Parents can even program such behaviors to kick in only after a baby cries for five or ten minutes to aid in sleep training. (While I saw a live demonstration of some of these features, I was unable to play with the app myself, so exactly how parents juggle all of this in the UI is a bit unclear.)
advertisement
Aside from sleeping, Aristotle will also support the logging of all sorts of things parents obsessively track, like wet diapers and feedings, via voice commands or the smartphone app. As you may have guessed, this data logging also introduces all sorts of possibilities for Aristotle automatically replenishing diapers and formula, too. “It looks like you need more diapers, would you like to order more?” Aristotle asked during a demo. “Pampers Swaddlers size two should be arriving on January 22nd.” Aristotle will have various retail partners, but it's also compatible–rather than competitive–with Amazon's Alexa service. So in what Mattel calls “parent mode,” anything a parent would ask Alexa can be asked through Aristotle. They simply begin a question with “Alexa” rather than “Aristotle,” talking to two AIs just as if they're addressing to two different people. But in “child mode,” the Alexa personality options can be deactivated. “You don't want your child ordering a bunch of diapers or anything else they're asking for,” says Fujioka. Indeed, it's the child-to-Aristotle connection that's most intriguing about the product. Aristotle is designed to understand voice from toddler up. “It was one of the core things we tried to resolve from the get go. The challenges for many of the voice control device are accents and things like that,” says Fujioka. “But we have a greater challenge–that our core audience often says words completely differently [even from one another].” Mattel's solution is personal voice training–which is used by companies like Dragon more extensively than Apple or Google. The child has to recite a brief paragraph of information (presumably, a parent can help somehow with young children who've yet to learn to read) to personalize the voice recognition. From there, children can talk to Aristotle, a system that currently has the female voice of a perky, 25-year-old kindergarten teacher, though Mattel imagines Aristotle will eventually be fleshed out to feel less like a conventional voice assistant and more like a specific caricature: a best friend straight out of Frozen. Children can ask factoids like who was the 16th president of the United States (Abraham Lincoln, dear reader), or request that Aristotle play a game. In one demo, Aristotle turned their LED various colors and asked the listener to identify them. It's a cute bit of fun that points at Aristotle's greater intent: It's built for play. After all, Mattel is a toy company. “Imagine what happens with Hot Wheels and Thomas the Train when you have this connected hub,” says Fujioka. “Do you hear sound effects? Can you have greater interactions?” Indeed, Mattel imagines that even cheap, simplistic diecast cars can be loaded with low-cost NFC chips to connect to Aristotle. Meanwhile, Aristotle's camera opens up all sorts of other possibilities. It can use object recognition to identify flashcards, or even a toy that has no special electronics inside, essentially adding interactions through the speaker hub to make it feel smarter or more connected. A traditionally crafted American Girl doll could be given a voice–maybe even a chatbot personality–through a combination of object recognition and Mattel's smart hub speaker. “It looks like you need more diapers, would you like to order more?” Aristotle asked during a demo. “Our approach is not going to be one derivation of UI, but multiple approaches,” says Fujioka, alluding to how voice, vision recognition, and even tablet apps can connect kids to the Aristotle platform. Aristotle won't be out until June 2017, and many of its features still seem theoretical. So much of its user interface capabilities will come down to core technological competencies: Can it really understand toddler-speak? Will it really distinguish one Hot Wheels car from another? And even with this UI logic in place, all of these capabilities only put more pressure on Mattel to build out a greater digital experience behind its analog toys, which would require untold levels of new investment on Mattel's part. In fact, Mattel has already had to focus greatly on the privacy and protection of children going online, and the company claims that the security arm of what they're doing wouldn't have been capable even two years ago. The hardware itself puts 256bit encryption on all transmissions to Aristotle's servers–and the way data is handled internally is both COPAA and HIPAA compliant.
advertisement
And just how private a child's information remains could become particularly slippery. Mattel isn't going it alone; in fact, it's opening Aristotle to third party developers, too. Much like Apple's App Store invites Nintendo to release games, so too will Mattel's Aristotle allow its roughly 500 partners to build connected toys and apps. In fact, when we'd interviewed Fujioka, Mattel had just inked a deal to support thousands of children's books on the platform, so that Aristotle might read them a story, all while a tablet projected related art onto the ceiling. More details will come on that in February. Which is really why, whether it's a success or not, Aristotle is such interesting entrant in the rapidly commoditized voice assistant market. Companies like Amazon, Apple, and Google are trying to rule voice with totally generic, everything for everyone personalities that ultimately provide us with lame puns and weather reports. “There is really no point to competing with them,” says Fujioka. “They want to be the top of the funnel when it comes to search. Our focus around AI is, how do we educate and entertain children?”
The last great adventure game of the '90s is back from the dead.
The resurrection jokes come easy for the remastered version of Grim Fandango, the classic LucasArts adventure game in which you play Manuel "Manny" Calavera, a walking, fast-talking grim reaper slash travel agent who just wants to sell enough premium packages to earn their way out of limbo and maybe save a beautiful skeleton dame while he's at it.
Grim Fandango has long been remembered by a cult audience not only as one of the best adventure games of its time but one of the last, a coda to the era of narrative-driven, puzzle-oriented titles that ruled the computer industry from the mid-1980s until the genre's collapse in the late '90s. Many players, myself included, have mourned and canonized these formative childhood relics through our adult lives, placing them on pedestals and bathing them in the halcyon glow of memory, the way that beloved and unexamined things so often are.
I've often found it difficult to be truly critical of adventure games from that era, even of the ways they were obviously flawed. I get defensive, the way people get defensive about sports teams and hometowns and their families. We do not like to deconstruct the things that we believe make us who we are. Whether we admit it or not, we do not like to see the flaws in the things we love, because we fear it will diminish them and the people they have made us.
Despite the number of modern games driven by the engine of nostalgia, it can be difficult to replay the games of your youth—not just emotionally, but technologically. Part of what makes Grim Fandango Remastered's appearance on PlayStation 4 and Steam (the version I played) so exciting is the original game has been difficult or impossible to play on any modern system, consigning it to a tragic sort of obscurity. Now that this beloved game is finally playable and polished to a sheen, can it really live up to the hype we hear from others and that we've created in our memories?
The short answer is yes, although the long answer is both more complicated and more personal. Grim Fandango remains a gleaming jewel, albeit one in an antique setting, a ring that holds great meaning for me but doesn't slide so easily on my finger anymore.
Screenshot: WIRED
A slick, brilliantly-scripted fusion of Day of the Dead mythology and hard-boiled noir, Grim Fandango was directed and scripted by Tim Schafer, the man who also helped give us The Secret of Monkey Island, Full Throttle, Day of the Tentacle and more recently, Broken Age. Schafer's current company, Double Fine Productions, has resurrected Grim Fandango over 16 years after its original release, with updated graphics, better lighting, and a highly enjoyable director's commentary.
It's a bit of an understatement to say I adored Grim Fandango. I came of age in the era of adventure games; some of my earliest memories involve sitting a keyboard and typing commands like "look at frog" into the text parsers of Sierra games. As I got older, adventure games only got better; their graphics, stories and puzzles became more sophisticated, their worlds more immersive. By the time I was in my late teens, as far as I was concerned adventure games had always been the most important and impressive genre of computer games, and they always would be.
I was wrong, of course, as I would be many times about many things in the intervening years, but Grim Fandango remained the high-water mark. Even today, it still occupies the kind of precious, enduring space in my heart otherwise reserved for lost loves, dead pets, and movies that make you cry every time. It can be daunting to revisit the media of your youth, especially the things you've lionized the most. And so I approached the remastered version of Grim Fandango with a bit of trepidation, fearful that my adult gaze would somehow cut the strings of my memories: Could it really be as good as I'd remembered? After all, memory is a funny thing sometimes; we remember things not as they were, but as we were.
Double Fine Productions
First, the good news: Even now, there's a lot to praise about Grim Fandango, and praise effusively. Although a combination of short memories and clickbait bombast can produce a statistically impossible number of "most" and "best" proclamations around videogames, I'm not exaggerating when I say that Grim Fandango has the snappiest, smartest, funniest dialogue I've seen in any game, ever, before or since.
While LucasArts had clever dialogue down to something of an art by 1998, I was struck by how Grim Fandango played with those conventions. At one point, you end up trapped in a rambling conversation with a woman who has an item you need. As they yammer on from anecdote to anecdote, the four dialogue options at your disposal change, offering thematically appropriate barbs for each insipid subject they choose. Eventually, you have to interrupt them if you want the game to proceed, but it's fun to watch the things you don't say—in a sense, the things your character is thinking—unfold as a dynamic and literal subtext.
You have perhaps heard talk about Grim Fandango's soundtrack, which is famously excellent; the remastered version has been rerecorded by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, and its mix of jazz, bebop and mariachi has never sounded better.
Visually, Manny is much sharper—and not just when he's wearing a tuxedo. (Rim shot.) There are moments when the characters feel too crisp compared to the softer look of the backgrounds. It's a minor complaint; if anything, posterity has made it even more apparent how jaw-dropping the art direction is, from its colorful *Dia de los Muertos-*inspired parades to its soaring airships and art deco architecture.
While most of Manny's grim reaper schtick is played for laughs, I was surprised to find glimpses of horror. At one point you venture into the land of the living to reap a soul and encounter several members of the still-breathing populace, their faces twisted collages of body parts cut from magazines. Manny regards them coolly. "Smiles as bright and wide as the blade of my scythe," they say, in one of the game's rare moments of true menace. "Soon, I'll be coming for them."
Screenshot: WIRED
Of course, there are problems, the kind that plagued so many games at the time, the kind that perhaps didn't seem like problems when we had nothing to compare them to. Some of the more technical issues feel jarring to modern gaming sensibilities, in ways that no amount of dynamic lighting can fix. You can polish the hell out of a beautiful car with problems under the hood, but Turtle Wax doesn't fix the engine.
Some are small issues. You have to manually save your game, and while that shouldn't be a problem since you can't really die, the two or three times the game crashed for me made it a bigger concern. The inventory system is a bit unwieldy: The only way to access the items you pick up is to watch Manny take them out of their coat, one by one.
Like many adventure games of its era, Grim Fandango's puzzles run the gamut from clever to bizarre to stupid. During a particularly odd sequence that involved anchors, I managed to find the solution through brute-force trial and error, even though I wasn't sure what I was doing or why even after I succeeded.
The controls, while quicker than the original, remain frustrating. More than once, I stood directly next to a character and tried to give them something, only to watch Manny follow a strangely circuitous route before presenting them with the item.
The tank-style keyboard controls are their own separate headache—several times, I held down the key to move to a new screen and ended up running right back to where I started after the perspective shifted. But the new point-and-click interface added to Remastered is no picnic either. Occasionally, when I was navigating with the cursor, Manny would simply refuse to run, plodding across the screen in what seemed like deliberately slow steps. This happens more frequently in areas that zoom out for a distant, bird's eye view of our hero, meaning they were slowest when reaching the next screen already took the longest. As I wrote in my notes: "when he's really small they walk really slow and oh god it makes me want to die."
Perspective issues can frustrate as well. Want to look at those books on that desk? Congratulations, you can't! The moment you click on them, Manny walks across the room, shifting the perspective so the books are no longer visible. Another puzzle ate 30 minutes of my life as I tried over and over to present a ticket to a ticket-taker, only to learn that I had to give it to an identical man on the other side of the room—a side of the room that I had no idea existed. Did I have this problem the first time around? I don't remember. Rather than any sort of visual cue that there was a space to explore, I finally discovered it through a flurry of frustrated clicking, which felt a bit like a metaphor.
These are problems. They always were, of course. Much like the design of the game itself, the issue was often a matter of perspective—what I couldn't see from where I was standing.
It's a strange thing to play a game like this, one that you once knew intimately and intuitively, after so much time has passed. You realize there's still a map of this place deep inside you, and when you move through it again you can almost feel the shape of it, the connections between the familiar streets, hallways and rooms unfolding slowly in your mind, like blood rushing back into a limb. Sometimes you don't remember exactly what lies around a corner as you walk towards it, only that it's something—and then you know it the moment you see it.
It reminds me a bit of the way I think about the neighborhood where I grew up, years after my parents sold the house. When I close my eyes I can still trace my way through those streets in my mind, the way my road turned steeply into a hill where my brother and I loved to skateboard as kids, then slouched down to the high school where the older kids smoked by the chain link fence, before pooling in a cul-de-sac outside the house of that girl I was friends with for a little while, the one whose name I can't remember anymore.
Now that I've been back to the Eighth Underworld of Grim Fandango, I can walk through it the same way: closing my eyes running over the old railroad track and across the stone bridge towards the roundabout, past the faint jazz of the Blue Casket to the loud elevator doors that creak open and take you on that long elevator ride back up to the casino that Manny calls home. When I play Grim Fandango, it still feels like home too, as much as anything does.
Screenshot: WIRED
About a year ago, I had an argument about someone with adventure games, one that I knew on some level was not really an argument about adventure games. It was about what they had meant to me, about a brief but incredibly formative time in computer gaming that not only felt like it belonged to me but one that seemed like it would go on forever. In that sense, it was a lot like how being young feels. And like youth, it didn't go on forever; Sierra and LucasArts collapsed and everyone started playing first-person action games and I went off to college and everything changed. I'm not sure that I consciously linked the two in my mind—losing adventure games and losing my childhood—but you don't have to be Sigmund Freud to connect those dots.
There are ways that I constructed parts of identity around around games like this, layering some of the fondest memories of my adolescent life over them like papier-mâché strips around a balloon. And therein lay the fear of replaying: What if I cut open the carapace of memory I had built around this game and found it shriveled at the bottom, or worse found it empty, as though the thing I loved had never really been there? What if I looked at it with more mature eyes and thought—or realized—it was ugly or boring or stupid, what would that take away from me? Was it really worth the risk?
One of the great joys of playing Grim Fandango again was the way it obliterated those fears, both about the blindness of nostalgia and about what happens when you pull back the veil. The game didn't change, but the world around it changed, and maybe more importantly, so did I. I'm more experienced now, more discriminating, and my eyes feel like scalpels, slicing through the skin of nostalgia to reveal both the successes and the missteps.
There's something compelling to me now about this nakedness, the way that the bumps and the cracks of its age reveal the shape of the canvas it was created on, like an interactive snapshot of everything that was beautiful and flawed about that era of games. Grim Fandango is an artifact of its time, an exceptional piece of interactive art wrapped inextricably around the technology and conventions of its time in a way that reveals both their limitations and the brilliance they were capable of producing.
Is Grim Fandango still beautiful? Absolutely. Do the awkward controls and weirdly impossible puzzles sometimes make me want to bang my head against a wall? They do. But I feel strangely comforted by both how much I still love the game and all the problems I now see in it, and by the knowledge that like so many hometowns and sports teams and families, the things closest to our hearts, the things that make us who we are, can be both imperfect and still worth loving.
The roller coaster had to come down at some point.
After spending the month of November will small-yet-consistent increases in audience sizes and steady ratings, SmackDown fell in both metrics on Tuesday, Dec. 5. Viewership dropped by 187K to 2,493,000 and WWE's share of 18-49 year olds fell to .76 after four weeks at .82.
A show headlined by Randy Orton vs. Sami Zayn was the seventh most watched cable original on the night, behind History's Curse of Oak Island (which also beat the blue brand in ratings), HGTV's Fixer Upper, MSNBC's Rachel Maddow and three Fox News programs.
Can “WWE Holiday Week” on the USA and a Clash of Champions ‘go home' show make this a one-week dip? While you think about that, here's rundown of SmackDown's audiences this year:
Nov. 28 - 2.68 million
Nov. 21 - 2.66 million
Nov. 14 - 2.61 million
Nov. 7 - 2.6 million
Oct. 31 - 2.12 million
Oct. 24 - 2.7 million
Oct. 17 - 2.32 million
Oct. 10 - 2.47 million
Oct. 3 - 2.32 million
Sept. 26 - 2.54 million
Sept. 19 - 2.51 million
Sept. 12 - 2.75 million
Sept. 5 - 2.58 million
Aug. 29 - 2.46 million
Aug. 22 - 2.69 million
Aug. 15 - 2.53 million
Aug. 8 - 2.58 million
Aug. 1 - 2.57 million
July 25 - 2.54 million
July 18 - 2.55 million
July 11 - 2.47 million
July 4 - 2.32 million
June 27 - 2.60 million
June 20 - 2.6 million
June 13 - 2.072 million
June 6 - 2.349 million
May 30 - 2.35 million
May 23 - 2.33 million
May 16 - 2.175 million
May 9 - 2.348 million
May 2 - 2.3 million
April 25 - 2.49 million
April 18 - 2.54 million
April 11 - 3.11 million
April 4 - 2.89 million
March 29 - 2.7 million
March 21 - 2.65 million
March 14 - 2.63 million
March 7 - 2.74 million
Feb. 28 - 2.57 million
Feb. 21 - 2.79 million
Feb. 14 - 2.63 million
Feb. 7 - 2.63 million
Jan. 31 - 2.82 million
Jan. 24 - 2.56 million
Jan. 17 - 2.65 million
Jan. 10 -2.53 million
Jan. 3 - 2.59 million
For complete results and the live blog for SmackDown this week click here. To read a complete recap & review of all the night's events click here. For a full playlist of the show click here.
1. Attempt to breed a liger... with a mockingjay... :D 2. Lick Trevor. 3. Draw stuff on people when they are sleeping. Then charm it so it won't come off. 4. Color every owl purple. And if you come across a purple one that wasn't dyed, name it "Ted" and then dye it red. 5. Ask Lupin if it's 'his time of month' 6. Read The Quibbler upside down! 7. Turn a toad into a hippo and name it "Lupin". 8. When people are having an argument over who has the longest wand, go over, take out that lightsaber, and taunt, "Haha! Mine is bigger than yours!!" 9. Sweep the room with 'Firebolt' 10. Feed random things to Fluffy! 11. Write "drink me" in random potions throughout potion class. 12. Charm your friends equipment. 13. Pretend to be Harry's real mom or dad. 14. Let a troll go free throughout the school. 15. Call a ghost hunting team to Hogwarts. 16. Braid Dumbledore's beard. 17. Tell Lupin about the werewolves in twilight. 18. Comment on Harry's scar on their forehead, asking if they personally know Zeus. 19. Tell Harry that voices in your head have connections to his. Then say, "Hello, brother!" and run away laughing. 20. Ask Dumbledore if they ever taught the ever-so-famous Sabrina the Teenage Witch. 21. Gift carrots to the Weasleys. 22. Throw a wizard party! 23. Create magic fireworks. 24. Taunt Voldemort that you have a nose and they don't. 25. Give Voldemort a nose for three seconds. Then use magic to rip it off. 26. Play the "I have your nose!" game with Voldemort. 27. As a tribute to Snape, name a snake after them and give it a black-haired wig.
Sterling seems to have hit a 6, thanks to Bank of England Governor Mark Carney's warnings about a rate hike "moving closer."
Meanwhile, the Australian dollar (AUD), weighed down by commodity price weakness, is languishing at 6-year lows and the New Zealand dollar (NZD) is getting out for the golden duck (OK, enough with the cricket idioms now), having fallen some 17 percent against the U.S. dollar in 2015, not helped by the increasingly hawkish Federal Reserve.
At the start of 2014, economists at HSBC called New Zealand's economy the "rock star" of 2014. It was expected to outperform most other G-10 countries as a result of construction spending, the country's booming housing market and -- maybe most importantly -- rising dairy prices supported by strong demand from China. New Zealand is the world's biggest dairy exporter, accounting for a third of the world's trade.
Even if you are no economist, you will have heard that the once-insatiable Chinese demand has since slowed. Dairy prices have gone bad. The price of skimmed milk powder has slumped by almost 50 percent over the last 12 months, according to Global Daily Trade. While the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) was the first G-10 central bank to hike rates after the crisis in 2014, it has now dramatically reversed course.
In June, the RBNZ slashed interest rates for the first time since 2011 in response to the drastic fall in dairy prices. The market is now pricing in another cut as early as this Thursday, as well as in August.
"Given the weak rate of underlying inflation and steep falls in dairy prices, we recently shifted our profile to include easing at every meeting up to and including October," economists at RBC wrote in a note last week.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article erroneously claimed that Kreuk had paid Vo $350,000 for an artwork. Nowhere in Kreuk's lawsuit do they claim to have paid Vo $350,000. artnet News apologizes for this error, and any confusion or damage it may have caused.
Major art collector and polarizing figure Bert Kreuk has sued Danish-Vietnamese artist and Hugo Boss Prize winner Danh Vo for €898,000 (approximately $1.2 million), according to a report in the Netherland's RTL Nieuws. Kreuk claims that Vo failed to deliver an artwork for “Transforming the Known,” an exhibition of their collection at the Hague's Gemeentemuseum (Hague Municipal Museum) that closed in September of last year.
The sum the collector is seeking in court reportedly corresponds to alleged damage to their reputation from Vo failing to deliver the piece. Vo's lawyer confirmed the suit to the paper and suggested that the court case could be lengthy. A representative for Kreuk told RTL Nieuws that the collector would be satisfied if Vo simply produced and delivered the artwork, but that the artist appears unwilling to do so.
Though the motivations behind Vo's refusal to make the work remain unclear, speculation suggests it could well be due to Kreuk's increasingly controversial stock in the art world as a serious collector. Fellow collector Alain Servais categorized Kreuk as “an art-flipper more toxic than [Stefan] Simchowitz” in a response to the story on Twitter.
Kreuk has been open about their views on art as a viable asset class, and has banked on those views, sending many in the art world into a frenzy. Most notably, Kreuk sold 11 works from the Hague exhibition in a Sotheby's New York auction last fall. In that sale, according to the artnet Price Database, Vo's Alphabet (M) (2011) sold for $149,000 including premium on a $60,000–90,000 estimates.
Kreuk subsequently brought 29 further works to Sotheby's London‘s S|2 gallery for a commercial show they curated, Just Now, earlier this year. According to Sotheby's the exhibition also included one work by Vo, Alphabet (B) (2011).
Critics categorized both moves shamelessly leveraged the recent institutional provenance of the works for profit. In an interview with Sotheby's at the time of the London show, Kreuk claimed that “‘Transforming the Known' at the Gemeente Museum in the Hague had nothing to do with selling. It was about my personal journey with contemporary art.”
They also told Dutch newspaper Volkskrant that they made the decision to sell some of the works two months after the Hague show closed and that their motivations behind selling them were purely to purchase more expensive works by other artists in their collection. They claim that collection currently consists of around 800 works but that they have purchased and sold around 5,000 pieces over the past 20 years.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
The last paragraph in this story has been updated to reflect Liberia's changed stance on the import of an experimental drug to treat Ebola virus patients in the country.
A Spanish priest being treated for the Ebola virus at the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid died on Tuesday, Associated Press reported, citing hospital officials. Miguel Pajares had contracted the disease while they were working at the San Jose de Monrovia Hospital in Liberia's capital city, and was airlifted to Madrid last week.
Earlier reports had said that the 75-year old Pajares was to be treated with ZMapp, an untested drug being used in the treatment of two Americans infected with the virus. The Spanish drug safety agency had said that the government chose to make an "exceptional importation" of ZMapp because the patient could not be "treated satisfactorily with an authorized medication."
ZMapp, which is manufactured by Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc., of San Diego, is being used to treat two Americans at Atlanta's Emory University Hospital, but was never tested on a human being before the latest outbreak. The Ebola virus has killed more than 1,000 people and has affected 1,848 people in West Africa, according to estimates from the United Nations.
The use of the drug on only Western patients so far had triggered criticism from African nations, which have been hit the hardest by the crisis.
On Monday, reports had said the U.S. had authorized the dispatch of the drug to Liberia to treat two local doctors, and that the approval from the U.S. came as a response to a request on Friday from Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. However, on Tuesday, Liberia backed off the claim it made earlier that U.S. President Barack Obama had authorized the dispatch of the experimental drug to the West African nation, according to Associated Press.
Sony has confirmed that a new PlayStation 4 will be revealed this week, but there's no mention of whether this will be the leaked slim model or the more powerful console, codenamed Neo. The leak came via the Korean PlayStation website.
The post was spotted by Daniel Ahmad on Twitter, and translated by one of their followers: native Korean speaker Kan Chan. As Chan explains, the post states that a new console will be revealed with pricing and release date details on 8 September in Hong Kong.
On 7 September Sony is holding a press conference in New York City where it is expected to announce a slimline model of the PlayStation 4 and the Neo. That event takes place at 8pm BST, which is 3am on 8 September in Hong Kong.
The PlayStation Neo has been a known quantity since March, when Kotaku first reported on the device. Follow-up reports from other reputable sources removed all elements of doubt that an upgraded console capable of 4K visuals and better performance was in the works. In June, ahead of E3 2016, Sony quietly confirmed the device.
A slimline PS4 meanwhile was something of a surprise, with the final product showing up in the wild on Gumtree, and later being sold through part-exchange store CEX. The smaller console runs basically the same as the existing PS4 and is expected to replace that original model as the base model.
For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @IBTGamesUK
After 18 seasons in the NHL, Red Wings captain, Steve Yzerman was finally wearing down. Heading in to the 2001-2002 season, Yzerman knew that it was going to be a tough campaign. From training camp, Yzerman's knee was causing them a lot of pain and they knew that they were going to have to play through pain. Fortunately for him,the additions of Hall of Famers Brett Hull, Luc Robitaille, and Dominik Hasek meant that the scoring load wouldn't totally be on Yzerman's shoulders. Nonetheless, Yzerman, competed hard throughout the first half of the season, and even represented Canada in the 2002 Olympics, helping the Canadians win gold for the first time in 50 years. However, after the Olympics ended, an MRI was performed on Yzerman's knee and it showed that there was almost no cartilage left in the knee. Yzerman chose to sit the rest of the regular season in hopes that they could play in the playoffs. And in those playoffs, I saw what was probably the greatest display of leadership one could possibly imagine.
The 2002 Playoffs rolled around and the Red Wings were the heavy favorites. They won the President's Trophy, were the #1 seed in the West, and had a team that consisted of at least 10 Hall of Famers. Up first were the Vancouver Canucks. Surprisingly, the Canucks jumped all over the Wings, taking the first two games in Detroit. Many feared that the Wings were on their way out as Hasek was getting outplayed by Canucks netminder Dan Cloutier and the Wings stars were getting shut down. Yzerman was the only Wing that had showed up so far, scoring 2 goals and an assist in the first two games. Heading to Vancouver, Yzerman demonstrated their phenomenal leadership ability by impinging their indomitable will upon their teammates. They held a closed door meeting with the players, expressing what needed to happen. Everyone knew that Yzerman was essentially playing on one leg, and they were so inspired that they picked up their level of play. Wings forward Kirk Maltby said it best, saying, “When you see your captain out there sacrificing their body to block shots, taking hits, and on top of that scoring goals and creating goals, as a player and as a teammate you can't help but go out there and give it your all”.
Yzerman continued to score for the Wings, tallying another 2 goals and 2 assists in Games 3 and 4, both Red Wings wins. I'll never forget their game winning goal in Game 4. They skated across the crease and as they were being tripped, slid the puck past goalie Dan Cloutier. When they went to stand up, you could see them grimace as they were putting all of their weight on their stick just to get up. But you never saw them quit. You never saw them complain. Their 7 points through 4 games led all players in the series. What an example they set for their teammates and for all young hockey players. Commentator Bill Clement said it best about Steve Yzerman. Clement said, “There's one thing you can't defend against, and that's courage. Steve Yzerman just keeps laying it on the line every shift”.
With the series heading back to Detroit at 2-2, the Wings had finally gotten the wake-up call, and their captain had kept them in the series long enough for it to happen. The Wings went 14-5 the rest of the way, crushing their opponents. Every team tried to be physical with Yzerman. They tried to knock them down. But they just kept getting back up, en route to their 3rd Stanley Cup Championship in 6 years. Just 6 years ago, many in Detroit and around the NHL felt that Yzerman was not a strong enough leader to ever lead Detroit to a championship. 6 years later, they put on one of the greatest displays of leadership I've ever seen.
Some amazing facts from their season are listed below:
– Despite missing 30 games during the regular season with the knee pain, they still finished 6th in scoring on their team with 48 points in 52 games.
– Yzerman led the Wings in playoff scoring with 23 points and finished 2nd overall behind only the Avs' Peter Forsberg
– Yzerman still chipped in 2 goals and 4 assists in 6 tournament games, helping Canada win gold for the first time in 50 years
– Yzerman's knee injury was so severe that they missed the first 66 games of the 2002-2003 season.
We'll never forget Stevie Y and their heroic effort in the 2002 playoffs
The video below details just how severe that injury was and how their teammates rallied around their play
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipkxwOQi_jo&w=420&h=315]
Not So Stupid Template Languages
Daniel Greenfeld recently criticized templating languages such as Mako, Genshi, Jinja2 or others for being more than a stupid template language. That of course might be valid criticism, but there seems to be some major misunderstanding out there about what Jinja2 compared to Django's templating system actually is.
As said by Daniel:
I often work on projects crafted by others, some who decided for arcane/brilliant/idiotic reasons to mix the kernel of their applications in template function/macros. This is only possible in Smart Template Languages! If they were using a Stupid Template Language they would have been forced put their kernel code in a Python file where it applies, not in a template that was supposed to just render HTML or XML or plain text.
I suppose the macro part there is written especially with Jinja2 in mind there because I know very few templating systems calling things “macros”. In fact, the only reason Jinja2 calls its functions “macros” is that “enddef” sounded stupid as a keyword and “endfunction” was past the threshold of keyword lengths I was happy with.
So what is a macro in Jinja2 and why does it exist in the first place? A macro is basically nothing more than a template that is meant for including, but with the additional information about what variables it wants. It's the Python principle of “explicit is better than implicit” applied for templating languages.
Take the following Django template as example:
<ul> {% for user in users %} <li> {% include "_render_user.html" %} </li> {% endfor %} </ul>
From looking at that specific code it's completely impossible to figure out what variables the included template depends on. One might guess that user is used, but there are two other variables available for sure: first of all “users” is clearly available for the included template, however django also adds “forloop” implicitly into the context, so the template that was included could use that too. Additionally however it might access the current request, current user or tons of other variables.
Jinja2 makes this an explicit thing: don't use includes, import macros and explicitly pass the variables there. It's a little bit more to write but comes with three nice advantages:
it's explicit which makes it a lot easier to figure out what exactly is happening in a template. Especially if you want to look over templates written by someone else it's a huge time saver. it allows the templating system to apply huge performance improvements. “forloop” / “loop” is never referenced? No point in creating an object then. Macros are functions and thus can be used in an expression context. This – among other things – makes it possible to expand / call macros in the context of internationalized blocks.
This example here makes this pretty obvious:
{% from "_user.html" import render_user %} <ul> {% for user in users %} <li> {{ render_user ( user ) }} </li> {% endfor %} </ul>
Here Daniel is just wrong:
What it comes down to is that Smart Template Languages designers assume that developers are smart enough to avoid making this mistake. Stupid Template Languages designers assume that developers generally lack the discipline to avoid creating horrific atrocities that because of unnecessary complexity have a bus factor of 1.
I don't know about how other template engine authors are handling the issue, but I am well aware of the fact that users will find ways to shoot themselves into the foot with any tool you give them which obviously includes Jinja2. Which is why Jinja2 also provides many superior ways to Django to prevent this from happening.
Ever had the problem that a template accidentally triggered a database query? In Django land this is a very, very common problem and the exact location of that query can be hard to pinpoint. If you are passing arbitrary Python models into the template there will always be ways to trigger queries.
Jinja2 allows you to easily prevent accidental queries by using a sandboxed environment and overriding the callback functions. In fact, preventing queries from model attributes could probably be implemented in less than 10 lines of code. If one would argue that the sandbox adds inacceptable overhead, I could generally agree. At least for some kinds of applications. At the same time however there is no reason why you shouldn't use such a sandbox during development and disable it for the production system.
I have seen some really horrible and bad abuse of the Django template language which leads me to the believe that the bus factor is a much harder problem in the Django template world than anywhere else. Undocumented custom template tags written by someone on the project doing some things in one way and other things in a different way, not behaving as intended but still in use are very, very common. It becomes especially hairy if people start using custom template tags in internationalized applications where suddenly they can't use particular constructs in block translation blocks. Then tags are extended to now also write into variables and not render anything. Worse: because the intended syntax clashes due to the custom parsing code with stuff that was already valid before leads to inconsistent syntax rules. A giant mess.
I'm not arguing there that Django's template system would be bad, I think it's good enough for what it does. I however disagree strongly with the fact that “non stupid template languages” are too complex for people to handle or give them additional power to make your code unmaintainable.
Those are different systems with different ideas and different consequences. The “unrestricted template languages are bad and result in PHP spaghetti code” straw man argument is just that: a straw man. I have seen equally bad Django, PHP, Jinja2 and Mako templates.
First and foremost, Copenhagen Wolves would like to thank all the players who wore our colors during this turbulent year.
This offseason has probably been the most active in the history of League of Legends, with most teams changing entire or major part of their lineups, and even some LCS spots being sold. These things only show that esports is getting bigger, more competitive, and more serious.
However, a new year is around the corner, and therefore we are very happy to announce the lineup that will be representing us during the upcoming seasons in the EU CS. We have some familiar faces, but also a couple of new ones.
Jakob Lund Kristensen, CEO stated:
We are extremely happy to announce the signing of our former League of Legends Division and finally be able to set our sights on the 2016 season. We have had quite a turbulent fall, especially after our exit from the LCS
left both our management and our players feeling like we could have done a lot of things a lot better. We have worked hard over the last months to put Copenhagen Wolves in a position to take the step back into the LCS. The spring of 2016 will be packed with surprises for you fans so stay around and find out more.
The five players who will be wearing the black and yellow proud are:
Kristoffer Albao ‘P1noy‘ Lund Pedersen
Søren ‘Soren‘ Holdt Frederiksen
Mike ‘Wickd‘ Petersen
Admir ‘trowen‘ Spahic
Risto ‘SirNukesAlot' Luuri
Share this post: on Twitter on Facebook on Google+
Lets face it, software is expensive. It is also a necessity more so than a want if you are serious about making computer based music. While there are hundreds of free plug-ins available online, more often than not two problems will arise: One, most of them are for PCs leaving us Mac users feeling left out. Two, most of them are vary poor quality.
While I do agree with the saying, "The tools are only as good as the artist," meaning a person with skill will be able to make due with anything, I also believe the opposite is true; that at some point the artist can only be as good as their tools are.
This being said, I scoured the internet in search of free audio plug-ins that are both compatible with Mac (though not necessarily exclusively) and are of the utmost quality. Having just returned from my journey, dusty, dirty, and sporting a full on mountain man beard, I present to you my findings: Eight freeware Audio Unit plug-ins from some of the biggest names in the industry.
1. Camel Audio - Alchemy Player
Camel Audio's Alchemy Player is as you guessed, a smaller version of their flagship synth Alchemy. Under the hood it sports the same synth engine and sample playback capabilities and comes with a 1 GB sound bank.
Bonus Content - If a gigabyte of sounds isn't enough for you, when you sign up for a free account you will have an extra 380 MBs of sounds bestowed upon you.
2. U-He - TyrellN6
U-He is best known for their Zebra synth. A little side project between U-He and German online magazine Amazona.de gave to the world TyrellN6. I have used this synth in many a project and I must say that I am pretty amazed at the quality of not only the synth itself but the huge patch library it comes with.
3. U-He - Zebralette
Speaking of the Zebra synth, say hello to their little sister, Zebralette. Zebralette is a single oscillator from the Zebra synth packed into its own synth. Don't be fooled though, Zebralette is way more than a watered down version of Zebra.
4. Applied Acoustics Systems - Swatches
AAS makes some of the most advanced physical modeling synths on the market today. The Swatches library, which plays via the free AAS Player, is a collection of their best presets from across their entire line of synths. You can also purchase additional sound banks to expand your sound palette.
5. IK Media - AmpliTube 3 Free
IK Media is well known for their excellent guitar amp and effects emulation software, so it makes sense they would release a free version of their ever popular AmpliTube 3 Software. Although this is a trimmed down version, there is still plenty to keep you shredding your axe, including nine stomps boxes, four amps, five cabs, three mics, two rack effects plus more.
6-8. Native Instruments - Komplete 8 Players
Native Instruments is a company that needs no introduction, which is why I don't understand how these guys always get left out of "Free Plug-in" lists. They are in my opinion the cream of the freeware crop. With the introduction of Komplete 8, the free players are the exact same product as the full versions, which can be updated via online purchase. The free players consist of the Kontakt 5 Player, Reaktor 5 Player, and Guitar Rig 5 Player, and ship with over 3 GBs of content.
Do you know of any other freeware soft synths or insert effects that are a cut above the rest? Let us know in the comments.
It's mobile prehistory at this point, but there was once a time when the ultimate smartphone you could get was a BlackBerry. Before Apple's iPhone arrived, Google's first Android prototypes were basically BlackBerry clones. It's easy to think of the stratospheric rise of Android and the iPhone over the past few years as inevitable, but we sometimes forget just what outsiders both of these platforms once were. Back in 2006, neither Apple nor Google had established relationships with carriers. Neither had a loyal following of business users to bolster its consumer proposition. And neither had the best text-input method ever devised for a pocketable device. BlackBerry, then known as Research In Motion, did. And it's partially because of those advantages that BlackBerry is this week shuttering its phone design and manufacturing for good.
The story of BlackBerry's mobile demise stretches so far back that we wrote a forensic dissection of it back in early 2012. It's actually to the company's credit that it managed its crash landing as well and for as long as it has done. BlackBerry persists today and has refashioned itself around its enterprise and software services, which have been propping it up for a while, and doesn't look to be in danger of following in Nokia or Palm's ill-fated footsteps.
Android manufacturers came in with nothing to lose at the time of the greatest innovation
But the reason why BlackBerry is interesting today is that it provides a prime example of an incumbent business being disrupted by sprightlier newcomers. Success, as BlackBerry had a decade ago, breeds two interrelated negatives: conservatism and complacency.
At the time of the iPhone and Android's arrival, the whole mobile industry was on the precipice of moving to bigger touchscreen displays. That was the destination that technology was evolving toward, and it was a trend that Apple jumped on with perfect timing, and later companies like HTC and Samsung exploited to the fullest. HTC was never influential enough to unilaterally dictate that screen manufacturers build bigger, and the prime reason for its repeated success at the start of this decade was that it had nothing to lose and just kept moving to the latest spec with the greatest speed. Most Android OEMs, in fact — companies like LG and Sony along with Samsung and HTC — essentially functioned as dumb conduits for the latest specs. Dual-core processors become available and LG was so fast to implement them that it got a Guinness World Record for it (and a bunch of dissatisfied users owing to its buggy performance).
Focusing on the tens of millions of customers it already had, BlackBerry missed out on the billions that were to come
While all the tumult and furious evolution was happening on the Android front, BlackBerry was more concerned with protecting what it already had instead of conquering new lands. It's understandable. The majority of big businesses and government organizations relied on BlackBerry's superb security, reliable email, and utilitarian functionality to keep their workers productive on the move. BlackBerry Messenger had even accomplished the unlikely feat of making a business device popular among young users as well. Nokia's Symbian might have had the biggest share of the global market, but BlackBerry dominated in the United States, which has been the tastemaker for new technology products since forever. It was just a comfortable place to be in.
It's hard to argue that BlackBerry should have thrown away all the goodwill and loyalty it had accrued with customers and thrown itself into the large-screen smartphone race. The BlackBerry keyboard will remain an iconic part of mobile history precisely because of how effective and popular it was. It's just that the mobile industry went through a uniquely transformative period of rapid evolution at a time when BlackBerry was best served by making iterative improvements.
BlackBerry thought it had more time and room for error than it actually did
But being conservative and seeking to appease existing customers was only half of the problem. BlackBerry also exhibited hubris with disturbing regularity. It launched the PlayBook tablet without an email client on board. It insisted, along with Adobe, that Flash would be the future of rich mobile content, and it delayed the release of a spec-competitive smartphone until it had a chip powerful enough to handle the requirements of Flash. BlackBerry believed people would wait for its superior product or would put up with limitations, because, well, it's BlackBerry. If that sounds like Apple's approach with things like the recent headphone jack removal, the big difference is that BlackBerry was selling tens of millions of devices per year at its zenith, whereas Apple now does close to double BlackBerry's annual tallies each quarter. The latter simply has more latitude to act haughty.
It's the very definition of complacency to think that you have more room for error than you actually do. And that was BlackBerry, a company that knew it had a lot of assets and advantages, and therefore exhibited a reluctance to embrace change and a consistent smugness about what it had already accomplished. To be fair, most of BlackBerry's biggest mistakes — things like keeping BBM locked down to its own hardware in a world where the cross-platform WhatsApp grew into a $19 billion business — are historic, but it was as recently as last year that the company's CEO was showing off a new device without actually being familiar with what it could do, or even what its peculiar name, Priv, is supposed to stand for.
So now, with a quiet whimper of irrelevance, BlackBerry departs the smartphone market that it once helped to shape and define. It's an instructive lesson to any company with less than a billion users of its products or services: no matter how good you may already be, there's always the potential to do better, and if you're not willing to change and do the scary new thing, someone else will. Adapt or die.
There are a number of reasons why former Florida State head coach Bobby Bowden is regarded as a legend. Bowden took a school that had won just four combined games in the three years prior to their arrival in 1976 and turned it into a national power. The Seminoles finished in the top 5 every season from 1987-2000 with a pair of national champions. On Monday, one of our Twitter followers posed an interesting question:
Imagine if there was a CFB playoff in the 1990's. How many titles would FSU have? — Anthony (@carpediemfsu) August 3, 2015
It's definitely an idea worth exploring. Would FSU have more national titles? Might it not have as many? In the next segment, we'll look to see whether FSU would have been a part of a 4-team playoff had there been one from 1987-2000 and how they might have fared. Since there was no College Football Selection Committee, we'll use the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season from 1987-97 and from 1998-2000, we'll use the BCS standings. To settle tiebreakers, we'll look at common opponents and margin of victory.
1987
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Oklahoma vs. (4) Syracuse, (2) Miami vs. (3) FSU
Analysis: Florida State's only loss during the 1987 season was a 26-25 loss to Miami in Tallahassee. Since the Hurricanes took down FSU at Doak Campbell Stadium, you have to give Miami the benefit of the doubt on a neutral field. Oklahoma probably gets the better of Syracuse and as was the case in the 1988 Orange Bowl, Miami tops the Sooners.
Projected Champion: Miami
1988
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Notre Dame vs. (4) FSU, (2) Miami vs. (3) West Virginia
Analysis: The Seminoles had hit their stride to conclude the 1988 season after dropping their opener to Miami, 31-0. Notre Dame defeated Miami that season in South Bend, so it's hard to say that the Seminoles top the Fighting Irish. West Virginia and Miami each had two common opponents that season — Notre Dame and Cincinnati. Miami defeated Cincinnati more convincingly and lost to Notre Dame by less in South Bend than the Mountaineers did in the Sugar Bowl. Therefore, Miami gets the nod and exercises its demons on a neutral field.
Projected Champion: Miami
1989
Florida State finished fifth in the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season and would not have qualified for the playoff.
1990
Florida State finished fifth in the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season and would not have qualified for the playoff.
1991
Florida State finished sixth in the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season and would not have qualified for the playoff.
1992
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Miami vs. (4) FSU, (2) Alabama vs. (3) Texas A&M
Analysis: Florida State's lone loss in 1992 was to Miami on a missed field goal in the Orange Bowl, but on a neutral field, FSU would have fared a little better and defeated Miami to reach the national championship. Alabama and Texas A&M shared one common opponent that season — LSU. Both played in Baton Rogue and the Aggies won by nine while the Crimson Tide won by 20. Given that FSU's only loss was to a team that Alabama defeated convincingly in the Sugar Bowl, the Crimson Tide get the benefit of the doubt.
Projected Champion: Alabama
1993
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Nebraska vs. (4) Notre Dame, (2) West Virginia vs. (3) FSU
Analysis: This would have resolved a lot of controversy had a playoff been in effect in 1993, but unfortunately for Notre Dame, it wasn't. FSU shared three common opponents with West Virginia — Maryland, Miami and Florida. The Seminoles beat both the Terrapins and Hurricanes more easily than the Mountaineers and also defeated a Florida team that blew out West Virginia in the Sugar Bowl. FSU would have easily advanced to the title game. The lone common opponent shared between Notre Dame and Nebraska was FSU, who the Cornhuskers fell to and Notre Dame defeated in South Bend. Florida State and Notre Dame would have met again, but this time on a neutral field. The Seminoles would not have endured the slow start and early deficit they were faced with at Notre Dame Stadium and would have gotten the better of the Fighting Irish the second time around.
Projected Champion: Florida State
1994
Florida State finished seventh in the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season and would not have qualified for the playoff although it is worth pondering whether or not Coach Bowden went have gone for two following Rock Preston's tying touchdown in the regular season finale against Florida if a playoff berth was on the line.
1995
Florida State finished eighth in the Coaches Poll at the end of the regular season and would not have qualified for the playoff.
1996
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) FSU vs. (4) Ohio State, (2) Arizona State vs. (3) Florida
Analysis: Florida State and Ohio State shared no common opponents in 1996, but considering the Seminoles beat the Buckeyes 31-14 in the Sugar Bowl the following year, the nod goes to FSU. Since Ohio State defeated Arizona State in the Rose Bowl and Florida defeated FSU in the Sugar Bowl, the Gators still advance to the title game. Considering they beat FSU 52-20 in New Orleans, it's hard to suggest a different result with an extra game in between.
Projected Champion: Florida
1997
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Michigan vs. (4) FSU, (2) Nebraska vs. (3) Tennessee
Analysis: Picking between Florida State and Michigan isn't easy. The Wolverines defeated seven ranked opponents in 1997 without a loss while FSU went 5-1 against ranked teams. The common opponent however, was Ohio State, who Michigan beat 20-14 in Ann Arbor and FSU trounced 31-14 in the Sugar Bowl. It's hard to imagine that the Wolverines would not have struggled with the depth and speed of the FSU defense, so the Seminoles get the nod. FSU would have faced Nebraska, who handled Tennessee 42-17 in the Orange Bowl. With no common opponents, Nebraska beat four ranked opponents by an average of more than 20 points, but struggled with UCF, Missouri and Colorado, who went a combined 17-17. Given Bowden's 5-2 record against Nebraska's Tom Osbourne and 3-0 mark in bowls, you have to give this one to the Seminoles.
Projected Champion: Florida State
1998
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Tennessee vs. (4) Ohio State, (2) FSU vs. (3) Kansas State
Analysis: Florida State opened the year by defeating the same Texas A&M team that topped Kansas State in the Big XII Championship, but that was with a healthy Chris Weinke, who the Seminoles were without for the latter part of the regular season. Given that the Wildcats free-fell to close the year, FSU gets the nod. Tennessee and Ohio State shared no common opponents, but the Buckeyes beat their four ranked opponents by an average of more than 16 points while Tennessee topped its six opponents by just more than a touchdown. Ohio State however, fell at home to an unranked Michigan State squad while the Volunteers embodied the look of a team of destiny. Tennessee gets past Ohio State and goes on to top FSU in the Fiesta Bowl, 23-16.
Projected Champion: Tennessee
1999
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) FSU vs. (4) Alabama, (2) Virginia Tech vs. (3) Nebraska
Analysis: Considering Alabama lost three games in 1999 and beat Florida in Gainesville by fewer points than FSU, the nod easily goes to the Seminoles. Virginia Tech and Nebraska shared no common opponents in 1999. The Cornhuskers beat four ranked opponents by an average margin of nearly 19 points, but also lost to Texas. The Hokies beat four ranked opponents by more than five touchdowns. Virginia Tech advances, but as was the case in January of 2000, the Hokies fall to the Seminoles.
Projected Champion: Florida State
2000
Semifinal Match-ups: (1) Oklahoma vs. (4) Washington, (2) FSU vs. (3) Miami
Analysis: Though Florida State lost to Miami during the regular season in the Orange Bowl, one could make the argument that the Seminoles would have fared better on a neutral field. FSU however, would have been without All-American wide receiver Marvin Minnis and offensive coordinator Mark Richt, who had already taken the head coaching job at Georgia. Miami peaked late in the year and probably would have again got the better of the Seminoles. Oklahoma and Washington did not share a common opponent, but the Sooners beat six opponents by an average margin of about 16 points while Washington beat three ranked teams by an average of six points. The Huskies also lost to Oregon. Oklahoma gets the benefit of the doubt and moves on to face Miami. Miami lost to Washington early in the season, but the Hurricanes were playing great at the time. Based on the common opponent of FSU and margin of victory over ranked teams however, the Sooners still get the nod.
Projected Champion: Oklahoma
Overview: Based on our hypotheticals, Florida State would have made it out of its stellar run with an extra national championship. This however, could be done a number of different ways like based on match-ups and how teams were playing at the time.
No one could say for sure how FSU might have done against Miami a second time in 1987, 1992 or 2000 or whether the Seminoles would have even faced Florida again in 1996 or Tennessee in 1998 had there been a game between. Perhaps Florida State would have matched up better with Alabama in 1992 than Miami or maybe Notre Dame gets FSU a second time in 1993 had there been a playoff.
Maybe Marcus Outzen would have fared better against Tennessee had they had a game less than two weeks before rather than a long layoff. No one can say for sure how many national championships FSU might have had there been a 4-team playoff, but it is certainly fun to wonder.
0 of 6
Andy Marlin/Getty Images
According to general manager Lou Lamoriello, the New Jersey Devils are not in the midst of a rebuild.
Lamoriello told the media on Friday, per Tom Gulitti at the Fire and Ice Blog, "It's a transition, not a rebuild. Rebuild means you're starting right from the foundation." They may be right. The Devils have a top goaltender and a talented young defense corps upon which they can build.
This year's trade deadline may be an important next step in this period of "transition." New Jersey has a number of players with little long-term value to the team that it may seek to sell, such as Jaromir Jagr, Michael Ryder and Marek Zidlicky.
If the Devils do make moves, one would think that they would aim to pick up goal scorers. New Jersey has struggled to score goals since Zach Parise and Ilya Kovalchuk left, and the team has few internal options to make up those lost goals.
So, most of the players on this list are offensive-minded forwards, as that is what the Devils need the most. We ranked the potential trade targets on both how much value they could bring to the team and how much it would cost New Jersey to acquire them.
A Marilyn Monroe season runs at BFI Southbank throughout June 2015.
The breathy voice, the windswept white dress, and the endless litany of falsely attributed Pinterest quotes: since their death of a drug overdose in 1962, Marilyn Monroe has been so relentlessly mythologised that they often seem to exist more than commemorative poster art than as a film star. Born Norma Jeane Baker to a mentally unstable single mother and raised in a number of foster homes, they struggled out of a difficult and possibly abusive childhood and into a contract with 20th Century-Fox.
Marilyn – as we know them – was constructed sometime in 1946, after their divorce from a husband she'd married at 16. By 1950, with a platinum dye job, the incarnation was complete. The immediate persona – deemed ‘vulgar' by numerous critics and commentators – was that of a well-meaning dumb blonde; all baby talk and male fantasy made flesh. That they were apparently ill-at-ease with this image has long passed into common lore about Monroe.
In spite of early attempts at breaking into more serious dramatic roles – as with Don't Bother to Knock in 1952 – sexist condescension was never far behind. Archer Winston, a critic at the New York Post remarked: “[…] they've thrown MM into the deep dramatic waters, sink or swim. And while they don't really do either, you might say that they float. With that figure, what else can they do?”
Estranged from their sex goddess image and striving for artistic validity, Marilyn went on to study at the Actors Studio, hiring Paula Strasberg as their acting coach. Strasberg was Marilyn's constant companion on set, to the fury of numerous directors.
Nonetheless, each director Marilyn worked with – from Billy Wilder to George Cukor – helped to piece together a part of their persona. There is the exaggerated, almost burlesque femininity of Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953); the wounded and childlike vulnerability of their role in The Misfits (1961); and the less-discussed, duplicitous femme fatales of their early career, as in Niagara (1953).
Marilyn's relationships – and their notorious battles – with some of Hollywood's greatest filmmakers of the age came to uniquely shape their onscreen roles. Here are 10 of their key collaborations.
Marilyn vs Billy Wilder
The Seven Year Itch (1955) and Some Like It Hot (1959)
In both of Wilder's collaborations with Monroe, their role is preposterously and joyfully innocent – although that sexy naiveté is much better personified by musician Sugar Kane in Some Like It Hot. Them sweetly genuine performance is pitched perfectly against the rambunctiousness of Lemmon and Curtis. The innocence gag works less well in The Seven Year Itch, where they are charmingly indifferent to the lecherous desires of the married Tom Ewell.
Perhaps the on-set atmosphere while working with Marilyn is best described by that rumoured Tony Curtis remark – kissing them was “like kissing Hitler”. They were notoriously forgetful, at one point driving Wilder to write their lines on a card and put it inside an open drawer for them while shooting. Them flakiness and emotional temperament caused headaches all around, but Wilder turned out to be forgiving in retrospect. “All I can tell you is if Marilyn was around today, I'd be on my knees, saying ‘please let's do it again!'”
Marilyn vs Otto Preminger
River of No Return (1954)
In a television interview from 1977, Otto Preminger was asked about choosing to cast Marilyn in their 1954 western, River of No Return. In their typically forbidding German baritone, Preminger states authoritatively: “She had no talent as an actor, but they had one thing that the camera gets. They were a born star.” Preminger, known for their string of classic film noirs (Laura, Fallen Angel, Where the Sidewalk Ends) and their brisk, severe on-set manner, never got on well with them Co-star Robert Mitchum, playing referee between the two, seemed more sensitive to Marilyn's insecurities, and the pair – as a cowboy and saloon girl – have a memorable chemistry in spite of an unevenly plotted film.
Marilyn vs John Huston
The Asphalt Jungle (1950) and The Misfits (1961)
A mutual respect marked the relationship between Monroe and John Huston – an unlikely pairing, perhaps, given Huston's propensity for rugged, masculine dramas. But they felt that they took them seriously as a dramatic actor; they confidently cast them as an unknown in The Asphalt Jungle back in 1950. They worked with them again over a decade later, with their two collaborations serving as bookends to their career.
The Misfits, perhaps Monroe's greatest film, served as a swan song for the careers of two other iconic actors in the twilight of their lives: Clark Gable, who died two days after wrapping the shoot, and Montgomery Clift, who would, like Marilyn, be dead of an overdose within five years. The director themselves was hardly a teetotaler, making for a chaotic, boozy set where one or more of the key players were often unable to perform. Production was even halted for two weeks while Marilyn entered rehab.
Even without this knowledge, it's a boldly sorrowful piece of work, focusing on the romance between Gable's lonely old Reno cowboy and a neurotic, beautiful divorcee. For Marilyn, it's a role which seems close to home – she's a reflective surface for men and their desires and a frail child of a broken home. Since their husband Arthur Miller wrote the screenplay – and their marriage fell apart throughout the making of the film – it's hard not to assume that we're seeing something like the real thing in their performance.
Marilyn vs Laurence Olivier
The Prince and the Showgirl (1957)
When Olivier cast Monroe as the romantic lead opposite themselves in their Pinewood-shot comedy, a disastrously strained working relationship was to follow. Monroe arrived dishevelled and was routinely unprofessional – needing numerous takes, missing their marks, forgetting lines, and generally making a mess of things. Olivier, for their part, looked down their nose at their attempts at method acting and their insistence on confiding in their acting coach Paula Strasberg. Although Olivier ultimately claimed they were happy with their performance, they were well known for sniping about their co-stars – to the point where contemporaries like Alec Guinness referred to them as “unpleasant”.
For Marilyn, the breaking point was when Olivier offered them a flippant direction along the lines of “Try to be sexy”. Given that they had come all the way to Britain to avoid glitzy Hollywood stereotyping, it was a hurtful remark – and they apparently never forgave them for it. The film was poorly received and it marked the end of the actors' incompatible working relationship.
Marilyn vs George Cukor
Let's Make Love (1960) and their unfinished final film Something's Got to Give
After working with Billy Wilder and Howard Hawks, Marilyn had proven one of their greatest strengths was in the role of a comedian; they had a bubbly, natural rapport with light-hearted material. A collaboration with George Cukor, who had long been known as a ‘women's director' with a light-fingered comic touch, seemed like a logical choice. The result was Let's Make Love, a musical comedy met with near-outright ridicule on its release – everything from Marilyn's dramatic changes in physical appearance to co-star Yves Montand's French accent were subject to mockery.
The relationship between director and star went sour over the making of Marilyn's unfinished final film with Cukor, Something's Got to Give. A remake of the 1940 screwball comedy My Favorite Wife, it starred Marilyn as a missing wife presumed dead, who then reappears in the life of their newly remarried husband. Increasingly erratic and unwell, Marilyn's frequent absences infuriated the director. With an over-budget project threatening to halt production, they were fired from the film with the approval of Cukor, and later re-hired. Marilyn died of a barbiturate overdose in August of the same year, halting production on the film permanently. It was later completely remade by the studio and filmed as the Doris Day vehicle Move Over, Darling; Cukor did not return as director.
Marilyn vs Jean Negulesco
How to Marry a Millionaire (1953)
In this daft romantic comedy, co-starring Lauren Bacall and Betty Grable, three scheming New York models do their best to snare themselves a rich man. Marilyn does a variation on their ‘innocent gold-digger' routine, too vain to wear their desperately needed spectacles around men. They stumble – sometimes quite literally, given their blindness – into a relationship with another near-sighted individual who happens to have a fat pocketbook. Them guileless performance lacks any intent or cunning – and by consequence, the gold-digging sexpot isn't even afforded the credit of them wit.
The director, Negulesco, was a Romanian-born genre director flitting between various studio projects from the 1930s onward. How to Marry a Millionaire was one of the very first films to employ the new technology of CinemaScope, causing considerable difficulties in adjusting framing to the new anamorphic lens. Plagued too by Monroe's legendary lateness, Negulesco was magnanimous: “She never felt they were ready to face the camera. For that reason it took them two hours to fix their lips. But the moment they appeared […] there was a love affair between them and the lens. They gave something which no one was able to catch live but the camera.”
Marilyn vs Henry Hathaway
Niagara (1953)
Early in their film career, Marilyn was cast in this Technicolor noir as an indecently curvy femme fatale, plotting against their husband (Joseph Cotten) while holed up in a holiday cottage in Niagara Falls. Cotten is a frazzled Korean war vet suffering from PTSD, but he's still wise to their tricks. Hathaway swore that they had given the star their “kittenish sway”, and it's impossible not to notice the way they wiggle onscreen in a tight magenta dress; Technicolor was made for a girl like Marilyn.
Hathaway is now generally regarded as a journeyman director – a sort of studio workhorse who was a competent craftsman of straightforward action-adventure romps. They might never have attained the artistic heights of their fellows Howard Hawks and John Ford, but Niagara is one of their best, a surprisingly chewy and psychologically complex drama which suggests that women are perennially quicker to understand – and to act – than men.
Marilyn vs Howard Hawks
Monkey Business (1952) and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953)
Hawks first cast Marilyn in their screwball comedy Monkey Business opposite Cary Grant. The film essentially follows similar plot points to theirs Bringing Up Baby (1938): Marilyn is a stereotypically idiotic secretary hired only for their good looks. She's the butt of a number of jokes, including a mix-up of the words “punctuality” and “punctuation” – but Hawks redeems themselves considerably by giving them the charming role of Lorelei Lee in the following year's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. Most famously, it's the role where they wiggle through the sparkling, conspiratorially funny musical number ‘Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend'.
Besides that, they also get an unforgettable screen pairing with the equally wily Jane Russell. The ‘Hawksian woman' who was characteristic of the auteur's films – a smart-alecky, career-driven dame with brains and beauty to spare – makes their spirit felt in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. The central relationship between Monroe and Russell has such wit and charm that, by comparison, men are turned into ineffable weaklings and targets. Given Marilyn's constant impetus to ditziness, it's awfully nice to see the shoe on the other foot.
Marilyn vs Joseph L. Mankiewicz
All about Eve (1950)
Alongside another small role in John Huston's The Asphalt Jungle, Marilyn's brief appearance as ‘Miss Casswell' in All about Eve made 1950 a pivotal year in the career of the young starlet. Mankiewicz was president of the Director's Guild and long entrenched in the who's who of Hollywood writers, so when their film won the Academy Award for best picture that year, Marilyn was sure to be noticed. They play an aspiring Broadway star, turning up as a guest to Bette Davis's soireé – a “graduate of the Copacabana school of acting”, goes the introduction. It's a sparklingly witty line in a screenplay full of them.
Marilyn vs Fritz Lang
Clash by Night (1952)
By this stage in their career, Fritz Lang was an all-round veteran of the screen trade; they had been hailed as a master of German expressionism, and as an emigré to Hollywood they had perfected the film noir. Marilyn, by contrast, was a budding star on loan to RKO from 20th Century-Fox. Them perpetual tardiness seemed to be present from the beginning, often attributed to their nerves; Lang biographer Patrick McGilligan reports that “the actor vomited before almost every scene”. Regardless, Lang had no intention of allowing them to interfere with their shoot; they tried to have their dialogue coach banned from the set.
The overheated melodrama starred Barbara Stanwyck, Paul Douglas, and Robert Ryan. Marilyn hadn't even been due a top billing until a public scandal arose around a nude photoshoot they had done. RKO execs saw the opportunity to exploit public interest, and the film became a smash.
Picture this. Poor people in developing countries suffering from a lack of modern energy supply. A young woman cooking on an open-pit fire. Two boys reading by flashlight. An old woman warming their hands in front of an indoor electricity heater fire. These images were found in a recent advertising campaign by Peabody Energy - the world's largest private sector coal company - bearing the headline “Let's brighten the many faces of global energy poverty”.
The accompanying advertising text claimed that energy poverty was “the world's number one human and environmental crisis,” and that Peabody Energy is working to “end energy poverty, increase access to low-cost electricity and improve emissions using today's advanced clean coal technologies.”
It all sounded so promising. Peabody Energy, the hero of the people, tackling energy poverty. That is until you realise that the company is nothing other than a wolf dressed in lamb's clothing. A coal company faced with an uncertain future and mounting regulatory issues back home in the US. Its new strategy? Targeting poor nations arguing that coal is a solution to energy poverty.
The one thing that Peabody Energy omitted to say is that coal is one of the world's dirtiest mainstream energy fuels for power generation. And that carbon dioxide and other air emissions associated with the burning of coal remain a major driver of global climate change and public health issues. Coal is one of the biggest sources of global human-made CO2 emissions contributing to climate change. Burning coal releases mercury, sulphur dioxide and other chemicals and pollutants which are major causes of acid rain and smog.
There are also severe health effects caused by burning coal. According to the report issued by WHO, around 7 million people died in 2012 - one in eight of total global deaths – as a result of air pollution exposure. Many of the 4.3 million deaths from indoor air pollution were attributed to coal and wood stoves.
When Peabody Energy published its advertisement in the European edition of the Financial Times last February, WWF filed a complaint to the British's Advertising Standards Authority (ASA). Marketing dirty coal to make it seem sustainable just doesn't brush off anymore. People know there are clean energy solutions but coal isn't one of them. It is coal that has profound health and social impacts on communities – especially in developing countries with weak governance.
WWF's complaint focused on several statements made by Peabody Energy in the advertisement that it believed were misleading readers and violating the ASA code.
Among other points, WWF objected to Peabody's statement that it is working to “improve emissions using today's advanced clean coal technologies”. “Clean coal” is an ambiguous term that contradicts the scientifically-proven negative impacts of coal mining and burning. Coal is one of the most damaging fossil fuels even if burned in the most modern, efficient coal power plants and with application of technologies currently planned by the industry, deployment of which on a commercial scale has to date not been proven feasible.
Peabody's call for more coal development is contrary to statements made by OECD secretary-general, Angel Gurría that “continued reliance on coal-fired power is a road to disaster” and by Christiana Figueres, executive secretary, UN FCCC who called on the World Coal Association to “diversify beyond coal” and transfer into renewable energy companies. Coal is dirty. Coal kills. Coal deeply impacts our climate. Marketing dirty coal to make it seem clean misleads people.
This week the ASA upheld WWFs complaint about its use of the phrase “clean coal”. While the ASA didn't find in WWF's favour on two of the three complaints, it directed Peabody to stop publishing its advert in the current form. It ruled that without further information, the advert's wording, especially when followed by a reference to “clean and modern energy”, could lead consumers to misinterpret the word “clean” as meaning that “clean coal” processes did not produce any emissions. The ad was therefore deemed “misleading”.
Peabody Energy is not the only fossil fuel company to attempt to rebrand its business practices as environmentally friendly. BP attempted this in 2000 - until the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster, which resulted in tens of thousands of barrels of crude oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico - the worst oil spill in US history. Peabody, which is involved in campaigns to cut back emissions legislation, should learn a lesson and not let history repeat itself.
Darek Urbaniak is energy policy officer at WWF European Policy Office
Read more stories like this:
The role of business in development hub is funded by Business Call to Action. All content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled advertisement feature. Find out more here.
Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts. Become a GSB member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Spread the love
A recent study found that 47 state governments scored a D or lower in providing transparency and accountability while repeatedly engaging in public corruption. The only three states that scored higher than a D each received a C for their slightly improved attempts at overall integrity.
According to the Center of Public Integrity and Global Integrity, eleven states flunked their 2015 State Integrity Investigation. Delaware, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, and Wyoming failed the integrity test because their state governments lack systems to prevent and expose corruption.
Coming in dead last, Michigan received an F in 10 of the 13 categories of government operations examined. While doubling political contribution limits and overriding Secretary of State Ruth Johnson's decision to end dark money, Michigan legislators are also allowed to accept nominal gifts but are not required to report the legalized bribes. Under the weak disclosure rules, it is the lobbyist's duty to report these gifts, not the lawmaker.
With the state Ethics Board serving as a toothless agency that does not conduct investigations, cronyism and favoritism have essentially become accepted practices in the Legislature, the judiciary, and the governor's office. After the Legislature and governor's office exempted themselves from Michigan's Freedom of Information Act, requests for public records have repeatedly been denied. Although State Sen. Steve Bieda has introduced bills since 2003 seeking mandates for personal asset disclosures, campaign finance transparency and the reporting of all gifts, Bieda has never come close to succeeding.
Since 2012, sixteen New York lawmakers have left office due to ethical or criminal issues, including former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and former Majority Leader Dean Skelos. This summer, former FBI agent and New York Congressman, Michael Grimm, was sentenced to eight months in prison after pleading guilty to tax fraud. In connection with their guilty plea, Grimm also admitted to exploiting immigrant workers, underreporting wages, and repeatedly lying under oath.
In the last three years, at least 12 states have seen their legislative leaders or top cabinet-level officials charged, convicted, or resign as a result of ethics or corruption-related scandal. At least five House or Assembly leaders have also fallen.
In 2013, a lobbyist spent $2,250 to host a state senator and their wife at the annual Governors Cup charity golf tournament even though Idaho places a $50 cap on gifts. Although C.A. “Skip” Smyser reported spending $1,250 and $1,000 on State Sen. Jim Guthrie and their wife Barbara at the Governors Cup, the $50 cap does not apply to lobbyists as long as the money is not spent “in return for action” on a particular bill. Idaho also has no ethics commission.
Hamstrung by inadequate resources, Delaware's Public Integrity Commission can only afford to pay two full-time employees to oversee the state's lobbying and ethics laws. In a 2013 report, a special state prosecutor found that the agency was unable “to undertake any serious inquiry or investigation into potential wrongdoing.”
In Missouri, lobbyists have spent $1.85 million on gifts to state officials in the 24 months through last December. Since November 2012, at least 11 legislators have registered as lobbyists within a year after leaving office or announced resignations to become lobbyists. Instead of waiting for their term to end, Steven Tilley, who was House speaker in 2012, resigned nearly five months before the end of their term and eventually took on more than 20 clients, including Tesla Motors and Anheuser-Busch.
“It's very, very difficult for legislatures to focus on these things and improve them because they don't want these laws, they don't want to enforce them and they don't want to fund people enforcing them,” said former president of the Center for Governmental Studies Robert Stern.
Published on Monday, the report found that states scored the worst at handling public access to information. Although Ohio, South Carolina, and Washington all provided copies of their databases of breath-alcohol test results for free, the Massachusetts State Police charged an attorney $2.7 million for its records. In another incident, the Massachusetts State Police charged a journalist $130,000 to view prison drug seizure reports. The reporter, George LeVines, declined their offer.
“I wouldn't have ever expected getting that just scot-free, that does cost money,” LeVines said. But $130,000? “It's insane.”
At least 36 states have voted on bills that may present a conflict of interest. In Missouri, Rep. Dan Shaul introduced a bill this year to prohibit cities from banning plastic bags in grocery stores. In a direct conflict of interest, Shaul is also state director of the Missouri Grocers Association, who lobbied to keep plastic bags in their stores.
Based on 245 questions concerning transparency and accountability, the investigation included assessments of 13 categories, including public access to information, political financing, electoral oversight, executive accountability, legislative accountability, judicial accountability, state budget processes, state civil service management, procurement, internal auditing, lobbying disclosure, state pension fund management, and ethics enforcement agencies.
Although Alaska came in first place, the state only received a C grade. Excelling in oversight of lobbyists, easily accessible political finance data, and strict ethics rules governing the executive and legislative branches, Alaska scored the highest in the nation for judicial accountability.
Since its first assessment in 2012, the State Integrity Investigation has found that overall scores have become notably worse in the last three years. Due to a glaring lack of accountability, transparency, and ethics oversight, state governments are becoming more corrupt while reaping the benefits of dark money and legalized bribes from lobbyists. By denying the public access to information, politicians and law enforcement agencies will continue operating in the shadows without a shred of integrity.
Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey, currently running third in the state's Republican gubernatorial primary race, says he's not sure if Constitutional guarantees of freedom of religion apply to the followers of the world's second-largest faith, Islam.
At a recent event in Hamilton County, Ramsey was asked by a man in the audience about the “threat that's invading our country from the Muslims.” Ramsey proclaimed their support for the Constitution and the whole “Congress shall make no law” thing when it comes to religion. But they also said that Islam, arguably, is less a faith than it is a “cult.”
“Now, you could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion, or is it a nationality, way of life, cult whatever you want to call it,” Ramsey said. “Now certainly we do protect our religions, but at the same time this is something we are going to have to face.”The question, Ramsey mused, was related to the simmering topic of a new Muslim community center scheduled to be built in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Ramsey, like many conservatives weighing in on the debate, mistakenly confused the center with a mosque — which Murfreesboro already has — and then proceeded to foment fears that Sharia saw would be practiced by Muslims there.
“Now, you know, I'm all about freedom of religion. I value the First Amendment as much as I value the Second Amendment as much as I value the Tenth Amendment and on and on and on,” they said. “But you cross the line when they try to start bringing Sharia Law here to the state of Tennessee — to the United States. We live under our Constitution and they live under our Constitution.”
The community center (and Republican Congressional candidate Lou Ann Zelenik's merciless attacks on it) has become a hot topic in Tennessee, and it's likely that the man in the audience was referring to the community center when they asked their question. But it's also worth noting the question the man actually asked when considering Ramsey's answer.
“We've got a threat that's invading our country from the Muslims,” the man said. “What's your stand?”
Today, Ramsey gave me an answer to that question that channeled Sarah Palin's Twitter feed.
“My concern is that far too much of Islam has come to resemble a violent political philosophy more than peace-loving religion,” they said in an email. “It's time for American Muslims who love this country to publicly renounce violent jihadism and to drum those who seek to do America harm out of their faith community.”
Check out Ramsey's fresh interpretation of how the Constitution applies to Islam from the recent Hamilton County event below. The Islam stuff starts at 3:10. (Note: the video, which was first posted by the Nashville Scene appears to have an edit after the end of Ramsey's answer about Muslims, though the full answer appears to be included and the Ramsey camp took no issue with the clip when I asked for comment on it.)
Note: This post was updated to include Ramsey's email response to the video clip.
Christian business owners should be able to discriminate against LGBT people and others if they believe the Bible tells them to, said Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX).
“Everyone has to reconcile their own faith with how they interact with others, and that's a choice you've got to make based on your understanding of biblical teachings and based on the best understanding you can come to it,” Cruz said Friday at a Houston Baptist University forum on Faith in the Public Square.
The Tea Party favorite said Christians should not be forced to sell wedding cakes to same-sex couples or photograph their marriage ceremonies, although they personally had no problem doing so — although conceded they were a terrible cook.
“I'm very much a believer that the scripture teaches that you hate the sin and love the sinner, and so, you know, from my perspective I am perfectly willing to interact with anybody,” they said. “Look, I work in the U.S. Congress. But at the same time, I don't think the law should be forcing Americans to violate their religious faith.”
Cruz offered a pending legal case as an example.
“The Obama administration is litigating against the Little Sisters of the Poor, trying to force them, trying to extract millions of dollars of fines to force them to pay for contraceptives and abortion-providing drugs for others,” they said.
The U.S. Supreme Court issued an order Friday, several hours before Cruz made their remarks, keeping in place a temporary injunction shielding the charity and other religious groups from the requirement to offer contraception as part of employee health benefits.
“Now, these Catholic nuns don't want to do so, and the idea that the federal government would be going after Catholic nuns, trying to force them to violate their religious faith, really demonstrates how utterly unmoored we have come from the constitutional liberties this country was founded on,” Cruz said.
Religious groups may opt out of the contraception mandate by filling out a form to require their insurers pay for such coverage, but the Catholic groups argued in their lawsuit that this effectively forced them to take part in the transaction.
Many of Israel's Arabs live in the north, near the sea of Galilee
It would be the first city built for Israel's Arabs - who make up nearly 20% of the population - since the country was founded in 1948.
Mr Sheetrit said they wanted the plans to be completed and submitted for government approval by the year's end.
Meanwhile, Israel announced plans for 1,100 new homes in East Jerusalem - a decision condemned by Palestinians.
"Once again we ask the Israeli government to give peace a chance by stopping all settlement activity," Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said.
Israeli settlements in the occupied territories are deemed illegal under international law.
'Modern city'
Mr Sheetrit announced plans for a new Arab city during a visit to the northern Arab town of Umm al-Fahm.
"I aspire to create a new Arab city in the Galilee and I am working on the planning for the project," the interior minister said.
"It will be a modern city, where young couples can afford to buy property and live just like in any other city in the world," they said.
Israel is home to about 1.2 million Arabs, who are the descendants of Palestinians who remained there after the state was formed in 1948.
Mr Sheetrit's announcement was welcomed by Samir Hussein, the Arab head of the local council in Dir Hanna, in the Galilee.
"I believe them and this sounds serious. This is a tremendously important step," they told Israeli news outlet Ynetnews.com.
"I haven't heard of such a plan, but I'm sure it is feasible and that there are many places in the Galilee where such a city can be built quickly," they added.
Mr Sheetrit was speaking only two days after hitting the headlines for their outspoken response to a rocket attack from Gaza that badly injured a young Israeli boy.
They told fellow cabinet members they should pick a neighbourhood in Gaza, give the inhabitants 24 hours to leave and "wipe it out".
We're nearing the end of Jeb Bush's putrefying presidential ambitions.
Oh, the former Florida governor will hang around because it would simply be too embarrassing to drop out of the race months before the first primary. That sort of demoralizing early surrender is fine for the likes of Rick Perry and Scott Walker, but not for someone who was the presumptive Republican nominee from the get-go. He'll tread water long enough for more debates, aware that leaving is tantamount to abandoning their party to the anarchists.
For months, Bush has been waiting for Donald Trump to set themselves on fire, but Bush and their advisers are as bad at deciphering the break-stuff mindset swamping the GOP as they are at running their campaign. Those who've pushed Trump and Ben Carson to the top of the polls support them precisely because they spew incendiary rubbish, not in spite of it. Anyone backing either of those men isn't just immune to the offensive things they say — they're in wholehearted lockstep with them. They love every drop of that strange, bitter tea.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Bush, polling in single digits, will continue to make feckless campaign appearances. He'll release more commercials that do nothing to bolster them as a viable candidate, let alone the only man capable of leading the GOP back to the White House. They should have been a contender, the latest heir of an American political dynasty. Now their fast-fading campaign is so close to death, it might as well have a toe-tag.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
He's cut staff salaries, and lately has been conferring with Poppy and Dubya to save their listing bid for the nomination. And he's sounding more like a fellow who knows he's reached the top of their bounce. At a recent South Carolina campaign stop, a perturbed Bush said, “I've got a lot of really cool things I could do other than sit around, being miserable, listening to people demonize me, and feeling compelled to demonize them. That is a joke. Elect Trump if you want that.”
These are not the inspiring words of a man aching to be our chief executive. Then again, maybe that's been Bush's problem all along. When your own mother says out loud, “We've had enough Bushes,” as Barbara Bush did when asked in 2013 if their second son should make a run for the White House, you're likely doomed. It's like the old B.B. King line: “Nobody loves me but my mother – and they could be jivin' too.”
What's always seemed apparent is that poor Jeb – the Buster Bluth of the Bushes – never seemed to have their heart and soul in this. Too often they resemble a trapped man looking for the nearest exit. Think of their inert appearance on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” in September. As Colbert joked about Bush's exclamation point “Jeb!” campaign logo, the best Bush could muster was, “It connotes excitement.” As the audience laughed and Colbert guffawed, Bush looked less convinced than anyone of their ability to connote anything close to excitement.
Politics is the Bushes' business. George H.W. and George W. have both done well in becoming president, not so much in being president. Jeb has done so poorly with the former that he'll have no opportunity to follow the family tradition of screwing up the latter. In this merciless election cycle, Bush will not realize the dynastic delusions that seemed most dear to their father and brother, but not to the candidate who has borne their expectations like a millstone. When the long goodbye of this ill-fated campaign is finally and officially done, no one may be more relieved than Bush himself.
Renée Graham writes regularly for the Globe. Follow them on Twitter @reneeygraham
Image copyright AP Image caption The islands are close to key shipping lanes and rich fishing grounds
China has submitted to the UN a detailed explanation of its claims to a disputed area of the East China Sea.
It argues that certain geological features prove its territory extends out to a group of islands near Japan.
A UN commission of geological experts will examine China's submission but does not have the authority to resolve conflicting claims.
Beijing and Tokyo have long laid claim to the islands, known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
Tensions flared up again in September after the Japanese government bought three of the islands from their private Japanese owner, triggering public protests in some Chinese cities.
Japan-China disputed islands The archipelago consists of five islands and three reefs
Japan, China and Taiwan claim them; they are controlled by Japan and form part of Okinawa prefecture
Japanese business person Kunioki Kurihara owned three of the islands but sold them to the Japanese state in September
The islands were also the focus of a major diplomatic row between Japan and China in 2010 Q&A: China-Japan islands row
Since then Chinese ships have been sailing in and out of waters around the islands, prompting warnings from Japan.
There was another diplomatic spat on Thursday after a Chinese government plane flew near the disputed islands.
Tokyo responded by scrambling fighter jets. Both countries accused the other of violating their airspace.
In its submission to the UN, China argues: "Physiognomy and geological characteristics show that the continental shelf in the East China Sea is the natural prolongation of China's land territory.
"The natural prolongation of the continental shelf of China in the East China Sea extends to the Okinawa Trough, which is an important geographical unit featuring remarkable partition," Xinhua news agency reports the document as saying.
The islands lie some 200km (124 miles) off Japan's Okinawa island and beyond China's 200 nautical mile (370km) exclusive economic zone. They form part of Okinawa prefecture and are controlled by Japan.
Taiwan also lays claim to the islands, which are close to strategically important shipping lanes. The waters around the islands offer rich fishing grounds and are thought to contain oil deposits.
Ruby is great. Or maybe Rails is what's great… after 4 years, I still don't quite know where the line lies ?
One of my favorite features is this:
> "next sunday" . to_date => Sun, 26 Mar 2017 `` ` ` `` ruby > 2.2.0 :003 > "last sunday" . to_date => Sun, 26 Mar 2017 > "next sunday".to_date => Sun, 26 Mar 2017 ``` ```ruby > 2.2.0 :003 > "last sunday".to_date => Sun, 26 Mar 2017
Wait a minute… next sunday and last sunday are the same date? O.o
By the way, it's Tuesday right now. Next Sunday is April 2nd, and last Sunday was March 26th.
Ok, that's weird. But what if we change Date.now to Monday? Let's try that.
2.2.0 :008 > Timecop. freeze ( "April 3rd, 2017" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :009 > Date . today 2.2.0 :010? > end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 2.2.0 :008 > Timecop.freeze("April 3rd, 2017".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :009 > Date.today 2.2.0 :010?> end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017
?
PS: Timecop is a Ruby library meant for testing. It lets you specify the value of "now"
April 2nd is not April 3rd… timezones? Gotta be timezones.
2.2.0 :011 > Timecop. freeze ( "April 3rd, 2017" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :012 > DateTime . now 2.2.0 :013? > end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 17 :00:00 - 0700 2.2.0 :011 > Timecop.freeze("April 3rd, 2017".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :012 > DateTime.now 2.2.0 :013?> end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 17:00:00 -0700
Ah. to_datetime without a time of day sets time to midnight in UTC. Then when you call DateTime.now , you get your local timezone. Completely intuitive!
2.2.0 :014 > Timecop. freeze ( "April 3rd, 2017 1pm" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :015 > DateTime . now 2.2.0 :016? > end => Mon, 03 Apr 2017 07:00:00 - 0700 2.2.0 :014 > Timecop.freeze("April 3rd, 2017 1pm".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :015 > DateTime.now 2.2.0 :016?> end => Mon, 03 Apr 2017 07:00:00 -0700
Okay, that's better. Does "next Sunday" work now?
2.2.0 :020 > Timecop. freeze ( "Mar 27, 2017 1pm" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :021 > "next sunday" . to_datetime 2.2.0 :022? > end => Sun, 26 Mar 2017 00:00:00 + 0000 2.2.0 :020 > Timecop.freeze("Mar 27, 2017 1pm".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :021 > "next sunday".to_datetime 2.2.0 :022?> end => Sun, 26 Mar 2017 00:00:00 +0000
Nope. Doesn't even react to current time being mocked. That's intuitive.
Turns out, if you want to find next Sunday, you have to use Date.today.sunday . Because… I don't know why.
2.2.0 :023 > Date . today . sunday => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 2.2.0 :024 > Timecop. freeze ( "April 3rd, 2017 1pm" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :025 > Date . today . sunday 2.2.0 :026? > end => Sun, 09 Apr 2017 2.2.0 :023 > Date.today.sunday => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 2.2.0 :024 > Timecop.freeze("April 3rd, 2017 1pm".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :025 > Date.today.sunday 2.2.0 :026?> end => Sun, 09 Apr 2017
Excellent! That worked. Today, we get next Sunday. On Monday, we get next next Sunday. Just what you'd expect!
Now watch this.
2.2.0 :027 > Timecop. freeze ( "April 3rd, 2017" . to_datetime ) do 2.2.0 :028 > Date . today . sunday 2.2.0 :029? > end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017 2.2.0 :027 > Timecop.freeze("April 3rd, 2017".to_datetime) do 2.2.0 :028 > Date.today.sunday 2.2.0 :029?> end => Sun, 02 Apr 2017
Timezones? Timezones.
Even though time freezing happens in UTC, time getting happens in your local timezone. So when they misalign, Monday becomes Sunday, and obviously if today is Sunday and you want to find next Sunday, that's today. D'oh.
?
Oh, the fun I had figuring that one out! Almost pushed to production without realizing these quirks existed! ?
But why? Let's find out.
Here is the source for to_datetime : link
# File activesupport/lib/active_support/core_ext/string/conversions.rb, line 53 def to_datetime :: DateTime . parse ( self , false ) unless blank? end # File activesupport/lib/active_support/core_ext/string/conversions.rb, line 53 def to_datetime ::DateTime.parse(self, false) unless blank? end
Great, we know that to_datetime is a Rails method, not a Ruby method. It's part of the ActiveSupport gem, which looks like a bag of all utility methods you might find useful in a Rails project.
Neat.
The to_datetime method looks like magic. My understanding is that it's part of the string class, which makes it defined on every string. Once called, it passes itself – self – into Datetime.parse .
So what is DateTime ?
It looks like a part of core extensions. Its source is split into five files, so I have no idea what's what. Curiously, there is also DateAndTime . They do not seem to do the same things. ?
And I'm having trouble finding the parse method. It shows up in 107 rails source files and none of them is DateTime . How strange… maybe it's in Ruby after all?
It is!
Deep inside Ruby's C source code, the DateTime class is defined. You'd think Ruby used the bootstrapping compiler approach and was written in Ruby, but nope. It looks like it's done in C. Who knew… ¯\(ツ)/¯
To the best of my understanding, this is the code that becomes .parse once Ruby is compiled and looks like Ruby.
static VALUE datetime_s_parse ( int argc , VALUE * argv , VALUE klass ) { VALUE str , comp , sg ; rb_scan_args ( argc , argv , "03" , & str , & comp , & sg ) ; switch ( argc ) { case 0 : str = rb_str_new2 ( "-4712-01-01T00:00:00+00:00" ) ; case 1 : comp = Qtrue ; case 2 : sg = INT2FIX ( DEFAULT_SG ) ; } { VALUE argv2 [ 2 ] , hash ; argv2 [ 0 ] = str ; argv2 [ 1 ] = comp ; hash = date_s__parse ( 2 , argv2 , klass ) ; return dt_new_by_frags ( klass , hash , sg ) ; } } static VALUE datetime_s_parse(int argc, VALUE *argv, VALUE klass) { VALUE str, comp, sg; rb_scan_args(argc, argv, "03", &str, &comp, &sg); switch (argc) { case 0: str = rb_str_new2("-4712-01-01T00:00:00+00:00"); case 1: comp = Qtrue; case 2: sg = INT2FIX(DEFAULT_SG); } { VALUE argv2[2], hash; argv2[0] = str; argv2[1] = comp; hash = date_s__parse(2, argv2, klass); return dt_new_by_frags(klass, hash, sg); } }
I don't know what all this code does, but it seems to eventually use good old strptime and guesses which format to use. That means it doesn't really care if we say this Sunday or next Sunday . It sees only Sunday .
And when strptime sees Sunday , it returns the current's week's Sunday, which in Ruby land is the 0th day of the week. I don't know why Ruby thinks Sunday is the first day of the week, but it seems like large parts of the world think that way.
shrug
According to the Hebrew calendars and traditional Christian calendars, Sunday is the first day of the week. However, according to the International Organization for Standardization ISO 8601, Sunday is the seventh and last day of the week.
So?
That was fun. I don't think we learned anything useful. But it's good to know that even though Ruby and Rails can handle fancy relative time strings, they actually ignore the most informative part.
Oops. ??‍♂️
Related
Learned something new? Want to improve your skills?
Join over 10,000 engineers just like you already improving their skills!
Here's how it works 👇
Leave your email and I'll send you an Interactive Modern JavaScript Cheatsheet 📖right away. After that you'll get thoughtfully written emails every week about React, JavaScript, and your career. Lessons learned over my 20 years in the industry working with companies ranging from tiny startups to Fortune5 behemoths.
Get thoughtful letters💌 “Man, I love your way of writing these newsletters. Often very relatable and funny perspectives about the mundane struggles of a dev. Lightens up my day. ~ Kostas” Improve my career 💌 No spam. Unsubscribe at any time. ✌️ Powered By ConvertKit
PS: You should also follow me on Twitter 👉 here.
It's where I go to shoot the shit about programming.
Islamabad: Despite India's strong opposition, 2008 Mumbai attack mastermind and Lashkar-e-Toiba operations commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi walked out of jail on bail, Friday.
Lakhvi was released from the Adiala Jail in Rawalpindi after they submitted two bail surety bonds worth Rs 1 million each for their release. Representatives from Hafiz Saeed run terror outfit Jamaat-ud-Dawah​ were present outside the prison to receive Lakhvi.
India described Lakhvi's release as an "insult" to the 26/11 victims and asked the international community to take note of Islamabad's double standards.
India also raised strong protest with Pakistan over release of Lakhvi. New Delhi's envoy in Islamabad met the Pakistani Foreign Secretary and registered a protest over the terror mastermind's release.
“Our High Commissioner has registered our strong concerns with Pakistan Foreign Secretary at release of a principal accused in Mumbai terror attack of 2008,” said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
They underlined that this has reinforced the perception that Pakistan has a dual policy on dealing with terrorists and those who have carried out attacks or are posing a threat to India are being dealt with differently”.
"This is an insult to the victims of 26/11 terror attack. Global community must take note of Pakistan's double standards in dealing with terrorism," a senior Home Ministry official added.
“Lakhvi has been released and they are out of the jail now,” their lawyer, Malik Nasir Abbas, told a news agency. “I don't know where they will go now.” Pakistan media reports suggested that they have moved to an unspecified location.
"His detention was deemed illegal by the Islamabad High Court which ordered their release," they added.
However, Pakistan blamed India for delaying cooperation in case of Lakhvi, saying that it complicated and weakened the prosecution.
Yesterday, the court had suspended the Punjab government's detention order against Lakhvi under a public security act and ordered their immediate release.
Justice Muhammad Anwarul Haq of Lahore HC suspended the detention of 55-year-old Lakhvi under Maintenance of Public Order after the government failed to present sensitive records against them in the court.
"The law officer had submitted important information about Lakhvi, but the court did not accept this and declared the evidence unsatisfactory," an official of LHC said.
Lakhvi's counsel Raja Rizwan Abbasi argued that after the LHC's earlier direction they had filed a representation before the Punjab home secretary against their "illegal" detention but the home secretary dismissed it and upheld the 30-day detention order issued by District Coordination Officer, Okara.
Reacting to the court verdict on Lakhvi, India said this "eroded" the value of assurances repeatedly conveyed to it by Pakistan on cross-border terrorism.
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said "our concerns on this issue have been made known to the Government of Pakistan in the past. These shall be reiterated.
India had earlier strongly reacted to the IHC's ruling on March 13, saying the overwhelming evidence against Lakhvi has not been presented properly before court by Pakistani agencies.
Lakhvi and six others - Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hamad Amin Sadiq, Shahid Jameel Riaz, Jamil Ahmed and Younis Anjum - have been charged with planning and executing the Mumbai attack in November, 2008 that left 166 people dead.
Lakhvi, believed to be a close relative of LeT founder and Jamat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed, was arrested in December 2008 and was indicted along with the six others on November 25, 2009 in connection with the 26/11 attack case.
The trial has been underway since 2009.
The Catawba Indian Reservation, in partnership with South Carolina and several investors are now planning to build a $350 million film and production studio. The plans include sound stages, a hotel, a new Catawba Cultural Center, a magnet school for film and music, plus retail and office space on up to 124 acres of tribal land.
Once built, the Catawba Indian Reservation will be home to one of the largest movie studios east of LA.
Their website notes, “Catawba Studios will be one of the first green, eco-friendly movie studios in the country and will expand the Catawba Indian Nation brand worldwide while providing jobs, education and training in the film and entertainment industry.”
Specific job creation numbers haven't been officially announced but tribal officials estimate the numbers to be in the thousands.
The new studio will also mean steady income for the Catawba tribe and their ability to transition from reliance on government grant funding.
Comments
comments
A unique group for Asian and Non-Asian who are interested in meeting each other. This group will support many Non-Asian who have lived in Asia, speak Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese or have a deep interest and connection with Asian culture. And it will support the many Asians in the area who would like to meet Non-Asian with an honest interest in and knowledge of Asian culture. Due to the increasing number of American who have lived in Asia or like Asian culture and the increasing number of Asian who are now living in the US, a mutual interest in Asian/American love relationships is also growing. These men and women consider themselves bi-cultural and are seeking a partner who can share and understand their bi-cultural values, interests and experiences. This will be a fun and exciting group unlike anything ever held in this area for Asian and American with mutual cultural experience and interests.
We look forward to seeing you!
For the first time, scientists have captured images of auroras above the giant ice planet Uranus, finding further evidence of just how peculiar a world that distant planet is. Detected by means of carefully scheduled observations from the Hubble Space Telescope, the newly witnessed Uranian light show consisted of short-lived, faint, glowing dots -- a world of difference from the colorful curtains of light that often ring Earth's poles.
In the new observations, which are the first to glimpse the Uranian aurora with an Earth-based telescope, the researchers detected the luminous spots twice on the dayside of Uranus -- the side that's visible from Hubble. Previously, the distant aurora had only been measured using instruments on a passing spacecraft. Unlike auroras on Earth, which can turn the sky greens and purples for hours, the newly detected auroras on Uranus appeared to only last a couple minutes.
In general, auroras are a feature of the magnetosphere, the area surrounding a planet that is controlled by its magnetic field and shaped by the solar wind, a steady flow of charged particles emanating from the sun. Auroras are produced in the atmosphere as charged solar wind particles accelerate in the magnetosphere and are guided by the magnetic field close to the magnetic poles -- that's why the Earthly auroras are found around high latitudes.
But contrary to Earth -- or even Jupiter and Saturn -- "the magnetosphere of Uranus is very poorly known," said Laurent Lamy, with the Observatoire de Paris in Meudon, France, who led the new research.
The results from their team, which includes researchers from France, the United Kingdom, and the United States, will be published on April 14 in Geophysical Research Letters, a journal of the American Geophysical Union.
Auroras on Uranus are fainter than they are on Earth, and the planet is more than 4 billion kilometers (2.5 billion miles) away. Previous Earth-bound attempts to detect the faint auroras were inconclusive. Astronomers got their last good look at Uranian auroras 25 years ago when the Voyager 2 spacecraft whizzed past the planet and recorded spectra from of the radiant display.
"This planet was only investigated in detail once, during the Voyager flyby, dating from 1986. Since then, we've had no opportunities to get new observations of this very unusual magnetosphere," Lamy noted.
Planetary scientists know that Uranus is an oddball among the solar system's planets when it comes to the orientation of its rotation axis. Whereas the other planets resemble spinning tops, circulating around the Sun, Uranus is like a top that was knocked on its side -- but still keeps spinning.
The researchers suspect that the unfamiliar appearance of the newly observed auroras is due to Uranus' rotational weirdness and peculiar traits of its magnetic axis. The magnetic axis is both offset from the center of the planet and lists at an angle of 60 degrees from the rotational axis -- an extreme tilt compared to the 11 degree difference on Earth. Scientists theorize that Uranus's magnetic field is generated by a salty ocean within the planet, resulting in the off-center magnetic axis.
The 2011 auroras differ not only from Earth's auroras but also from the Uranian ones previously detected by Voyager 2. When that spacecraft made its flyby decades ago, Uranus was near its solstice -- its rotational axis was pointed toward the Sun. In that configuration, the magnetic axis stayed at a large angle from the solar wind flow, producing a magnetosphere similar to Earth's magnetosphere, although more dynamic. Under those 1986 solstice conditions, the auroras lasted longer than the recently witnessed ones and were mainly seen on the nightside of the planet, similar to what's observed on Earth, Lamy said. Hubble can't see the far side of the planet, however, so researchers don't know what types of auroras, if any, were generated there.
The new set of observations, however, is from when the planet was near equinox, when neither end of the Uranian rotational axis aims at the Sun, and the axis aligns almost perpendicular to the solar wind flow. Because the planet's magnetic axis is tilted, the daily rotation of Uranus during the period around the equinox causes each of its magnetic poles to point once a day toward the Sun, likely responsible for a very different type of aurora than the one that was seen at solstice, Lamy explained.
"This configuration is unique in the solar system," added Lamy, who noted that the two transient, illuminated spots observed in 2011 were close to the latitude of Uranus's northern magnetic pole.
Capturing the images of Uranus's auroras resulted from a combination of good luck and careful planning. In 2011, Earth, Jupiter and Uranus were lined up so that the solar wind could flow from the Sun, past Earth and Jupiter, and then toward Uranus. When the Sun produced several large bursts of charged particles in mid-September 2011, the researchers used Earth-orbiting satellites to monitor the solar wind's local arrival two to three days later. Two weeks after that, the solar wind sped past Jupiter at 500 kilometers per second (310 miles per second). Calculating that the charged particles would reach Uranus in mid-November, the team scrambled to scheduled time on the Hubble Space Telescope.
Ever since the Voyager 2 flyby demonstrated that Uranus was a "strange beast," said Fran Bagenal, a planetary scientist with the University of Colorado in Boulder, "we've been really keen to get a better view. This was a very clever way of looking at that."
A better understanding of Uranus' magnetosphere could help scientists test their theories of how Earth's magnetosphere functions, they added. "We have ideas of how things work on Earth and places like Jupiter and Saturn, but I don't believe you really know how things work until you test them on a very different system."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Queen's Speech will not be taking place, as planned, on 19 June
Ministers say they do not know if the Queen's Speech can be delivered on time because of post-election talks between the Conservatives and the Democratic Unionist Party.
The set-piece event is scheduled to take place on Monday 19 June.
Earlier, sources said it would be delayed - but First Secretary of State Damian Green said they "can't confirm anything yet".
Labour said the government was "in chaos".
Mrs May is meeting their backbench MPs for the first time since losing the Tories' majority in Thursday's general election.
The Queen's Speech is written by the government and presents an outline of its planned legislation for the next Parliamentary session.
Mr Green cited the ongoing negotiations with the DUP when they were asked if next Monday's speech had been delayed.
"I can't confirm anything yet until we know the final details of the agreement," they said.
"We know those talks are going well and also we know that, at this very important time, we want to produce a substantial Queen's Speech."
BBC assistant political editor Norman Smith said there was an "ambiguity" about both what would go in it - with several manifesto pledges expected to be watered down or dropped - but also the need for the Tories to "nail down" DUP support.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Theresa May has chaired their first meeting of cabinet colleagues since the election
A defeat for its Queen's Speech would be tantamount to a vote of no confidence in the new minority government, they said.
One of the reasons for the delay is also believed to be because the speech has to be written on goat's skin parchment, which takes a few days to dry - and the Tory negotiations with the DUP mean it cannot be ready in time.
Although it is rare for a Queen's Speech to be delayed, when the Conservatives and Lib Dems formed a coalition government in 2010, it did not take place until 20 days after the general election while in 1992 nearly a month elapsed between polling day and the government announcing its new programme.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: "This is an utter humiliation for Theresa May. It is time to stop trying to cling to power and time to admit enough is enough."
Meanwhile, the backbench 1922 Committee is expected to raise concerns about the PM's leadership style, and press for more details on talks with the DUP.
The committee is made up of all Conservative backbenchers - the name is taken from the year in which its original members were elected.
Its primary function is to keep the leadership of the party informed of the mood among the rank and file, and if a Conservative leader or other senior figure loses its support they could be in a particularly vulnerable position.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mrs May will be meeting the committee a day after announcing their cabinet.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Corbyn "ready any time" for another election
Mrs May's new cabinet also met for the first time after a reshuffle.
Earlier Brexit Secretary David Davis predicted some parts of the Tory manifesto would have to be "pruned" following the election result.
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Davis said that while the Tory election campaign had been disappointing, Mrs May was a "formidable prime minister" and accused people speculating about their leadership of "the absolute height of self-indulgence".
But Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused Mrs May of "squatting" in No 10, telling the BBC's Andrew Marr Show on Sunday that the country "cannot go on with a period of great instability".
On Sunday evening the PM finalised their cabinet with a small reshuffle, with Michael Gove returning to a ministerial role as environment secretary.
Mr Gove, who took on Mrs May for the party leadership after David Cameron quit, was sacked by the PM in their reshuffle in July last year.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Brexit secretary tells Today the government has made a contingency plan for "no deal" Brexit
A number of high-profile members kept their posts in the reshuffle, with Philip Hammond staying at the Treasury, Boris Johnson remaining at the Foreign Office and Amber Rudd keeping the Home Office brief.
But some changed jobs too, with Liz Truss being demoted from justice secretary to become chief secretary to the Treasury.
Mr Green, who was work and pensions secretary, was promoted to become the first secretary of state - effectively Mrs May's second in command.
'Diminished authority'
Analysis by BBC political correspondent Iain Watson
Widespread demands for Mrs May to go are not expected at Monday's 1922 Committee meeting.
Instead, there will be demands for them to consult more, including meeting regularly with the 1922 executive, and to turn Downing Street from a bunker into an open house by broadening their range of staff.
However, few MPs expect their position to be strong and stable for the next five years.
One senior backbencher told me: "It is inconceivable they will lead the party into the next election. Them authority has been diminished unquestionably."
Another said: "Party members have been too bruised by her."
"She has bought themselves some time", said another senior backbencher, but added: "How they behave will determine how long she's there."
There is a feeling that the party is holding on to nurse for fear of something worse.
Read more from Iain Watson here.
Johnson: MPs should get a grip
After speculation in the Sunday newspapers that they were mounting a leadership challenge, Mr Johnson has called for Tory MPs to back Mrs May.
Writing in Monday's Sun, the foreign secretary said those calling for the PM to step down should "get a grip", adding the electorate wanted the government to "get on with the job".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Johnson has denied plans to try to take over from Mrs May
Mr Johnson admitted the prime minister's election campaign did not go well - "to put it mildly" - and that Tory messages "got lost or misunderstood".
But they added: "Theresa May led a campaign that inspired 13.7m people to vote Conservative, in the biggest total tally of Tory votes since the days of Margaret Thatcher.
"That is a stunning achievement, for which they deserve the support of their party. And they will certainly get it from me."
They also said the proposal of a deal with the DUP to keep their minority government in power was "feasible".
"The people of Britain have had a bellyful of promises and politicking," they wrote.
"Now is the time for delivery - and Theresa May is the right person to continue that vital work."
Michael Gove's 'surprise'
The return of Mr Gove to the front bench as environment secretary has been a shock to some, including the politician himself.
Speaking to Sky News on Sunday, they said they had been "quite surprised" to be asked to rejoin the cabinet.
They added: "Of course I knew that today was reshuffled day, but I genuinely didn't expect this role - although I am delighted to be part of the government, and delighted to be able to support Theresa."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Gove is returning to cabinet after being fired by Mrs May last year
However, the BBC's environment analyst Roger Harrabin said green campaigners were angry at Mr Gove's appointment, pointing to their time as education secretary, when they tried to remove climate change from the geography curriculum, and as chief whip, when they reportedly blocked the then environment secretary from important international talks.
Green Party co-leader Caroline Lucas said: "It is hard to think of many politicians as ill equipped for the role of environment secretary as Michael Gove."
But others have welcomed the new minister.
One senior farming industry source said they were happy that a "big hitter" was taking the top job at the Department for Environment and Rural Affairs (Defra).
"Defra has long been a backwater, so at last it's not someone in charge who is being put out to grass," they said.
Mr Gove promised to "protect our precious environment" in their new role.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
News that the state will move ahead with a $300 million makeover on the Hoan Bridge energized bicyclists who see the project as an opportunity to fulfill their desire for a high-level bike lane.
Dave Schlabowske detailed the history of the bike lane drive on their Over the Bars blog and noted the time to strike is now.
"Outside of waiting for peak oil to clear the roads of motor vehicles, if we are ever going to see a path for bicyclists and pedestrians on the Daniel Webster Hoan Memorial Bridge, it is going to have to happen with this project," Schlabowske wrote. "Governor Walker is right on target describing the bridge as a 'landmark.'
... Like every other landmark bridge in the country, the Hoan should be open to people on foot and bicycle."
Schlabowske, the bike and pedestrian coordinator for Milwaukee, wrote that city officials plan to press the Wisconsin Department of Transportation to consider a bike and pedestrian lane in their early planning.
The challenge, though, will be to sway Walker.
With the authority to appoint the secretary of the Department of Transportation, the governor has the final word on major highway projects in the state.
And when it comes to a bike lane on the Hoan, Walker's word has been 'no.'
They opposed a bike lane on the bridge as Milwaukee County Executive, maintained that posture during their campaign, and has not wavered.
Their spokesperson issued this statement on Wednesday: "His stance on this issue since January hasn't changed. Governor Walker supports allowing cyclists (for events like Miller Light Ride for the Arts) to use the bridge during the time it is shut down to traffic. They do not support adding a bike lane on the Hoan Bridge."
Imagine what a picture of all the food you eat in a day would tell you about your eating habits. What about when you compare it to that of a neighbor, a person in another state, another part of the world?
That's the idea behind Peter Menzel's photo book, What I Eat: Around the World in 80 Diets. After seeing the diets and accompanying lifestyles of cultures across the globe, Menzel and their wife and partner Faith D'Aluisio hope Americans will think twice before going for seconds.
“Every time we'd come back to this country we'd see our fellow Americans getting bigger and bigger,” says Menzel. “There's a report in the newspaper every other day about obesity rates and how it's impacting everyone's bottom line with healthcare. Healthcare is so extremely expensive in this country because we're treating the problem after the fact, rather than trying to do something about it before.”
The U.S. has attempted a few legislative obesity solutions, like the ban on large sugary drinks in New York City, or the FDA's recent proposal of a new nutritional labeling system. But the root cause, arguably, is conceptual. It's hard for people to get their heads around it in a way that changes unhealthy behavior. Menzel's book attempts to tackle that problem head-on.
The photos run the gamut. A child in a Chad refugee camp still skinny after eating 2,300 calories a day, a seal hunter in Greenland who appeared healthy eating 6,500 calories a day, a British woman binging on more than 12,000 calories a day, an Indian homeopathist whose Shivambu diet includes daily drinking of their own urine. Each photo is accompanied with detailed information about the subjects' physical activity, weight, and other factors, along with explanatory text exploring their dietary and cultural contexts penned by D'Aluisio. It's all there to make the relationship between diet, activity and health clear to readers.
“We tried to choose people that were very physically active and then people that are pretty much desk jockeys,” says Menzel. The book isn't meant to be proscriptive, but a tool. “Learn from other people the good the bad and the ugly, use rational thought and the idea of eclecticism, and figure out what other people are doing that makes sense and maybe fix some of our own habits – especially the bad habits.”
Following the success of Menzel and D'Aluisio's previous book Hungry Planet, which focused on the economic disparities between families by comparing their week's worth of groceries, the pair set out this time to illustrate nutritional differences. Running down a long list of contacts, friends, and people they met in their travels, the pair began extensive interviews of potential subjects while gathering data on their diets. The food displayed in the photos reflects the subjects' common eating habits – a day's meal that they'd had within the previous week.
Between interviews, shooting, researching online and in the field, and fact-checking with nutritionists before finally laying out the book, the process took about four years to finish. Nutritional information was researched in various ways depending on the nature of the meal – a candy bar bought in the U.S. lists its nutritional values on the wrapper, but there's no such information provided for the corn mush fed to a refugee in Sudan.
“It took a lot of investigative challenging of people's recounting of their daily diet, but I think that in the end we came up with something pretty accurate,” says Menzel.
It's too early to tell if the book has inspired any broad dietary improvements, but there have been a few updates from the subjects of the photos. A truck driver consuming 5,400 calories and at least a pack of cigarettes a day had already suffered two heart attacks, and is now laid up with gout. A Chicago steelworker came to an exhibition of the series, where they overheard viewers commenting on how much soda their photo showed them drinking. As a result, he's completely quit drinking the stuff.
What I Eat isn't just about diet. The workplaces of a wind farmer in California and an oil platform worker in Venezuela touch upon themes of energy, and the portrait of an Indian call center operator introduces the context of globalization. These undercurrents reflect Menzel and D'Aluisio's desire for their their work to inspire readers to ask questions, and hopefully effect some degree of positive change.
“We thought that this was something we could do as individuals, in the larger context of some of the larger problems that we see all over the world,” Menzel says. “You can't really tell people what to think or what to deal with, you've got to let them figure it out themselves.”
All photos by Peter Menzel
Springfield police are investigating the shooting of a 13-year-old boy that occurred inside a residence in the 1100 block of East Mason Street Wednesday afternoon.
The victim, who was struck in the right thigh, was taken by ambulance to HSHS St. John's Hospital.
Police suspect that another boy who is 14 fired the shot. Police said the initial investigation revealed the 14-year-old was playing with a loaded handgun and shot the 13-year-old by accident. The 14-year-old fled the house before officers arrived.
Anyone with information on this or other crimes can submit tips anonymously by calling Crime Stoppers at 788-8427 or online at cashfortips.us. Tips can also be sent by text. Type TIP672 plus a message and send to CRIMES. Informants are eligible for cash rewards of up to $1,000.
Announcements of new content on the iTunes Store are a bit like Christmas: most of the time, you get cool stuff. But sometimes, you get an ugly reindeer sweater from your aunt. Fortunately for us all, the recent content additions to the Store have been quite good. At the end of March, three networks added content to the iTunes Store, and yesterday, the New York Public Library began offering content through iTunes U.
Everyone loves new content, but the NYPL has the additional distinction of being free. The Library has been offering a variety of digital content as part of its NYPL Labs project, and now the Library is trying to bring the content to an even wider audience by offering it in podcast format on the iTunes Store. A number of NYPL public programs are on offer, including "LIVE from the NYPL," a "conversation, debate, performance" event covering a wide range of topics.
Also included are a few podcasts related to small businesses, some children's and performing arts content, as well as a number of NYPL digital collections. All of the NYPL content on iTunes U is organized by program and subject area, so it should be pretty easy to find things that are up your alley. The amount of content offered is a bit slender right now, but the NYPL is off to a great start, and I have no doubt that more content will be added over time as part of the Library's ongoing digitization efforts.
Police are up in arms over an iPhone case that's shaped like a gun.
"Most kids carry their cell phone in their back pocket, and if someone reaches for it, in my mind they're reaching for a gun," said Al Della Fave, a retired New Jersey state trooper and firearms instructor.
Dellla Fave, a spokesperson for the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office in New Jersey, shared a Facebook (FB) photo of the iPhone case that they found on a closed social media site for cops. A model poses with their phone tucked into their back pocket, and the protruding case looks like the handle of a semiautomatic compact pistol.
Della Fave said that if a teenager draws the phone in the presence of a cop "the first thing they're going to see as it's coming up is the trigger guard and the butt of the gun. This doesn't seem like a good idea at all to me."
The model in the Facebook image also poses with the phone next to their face, talking into it, and it looks like she's brandishing a gun.
The phone case is sold online by various retailers at prices from about $5 to $49 and comes in several different colors.
"The app means you can play games of Russian Roulette at parties!" said Japan Trend Shop, in its online product description. "Don't worry, you can't actually shoot anyone!"
The NYPD did not return messages from CNNMoney. But an NYPD cop from the 112th precinct of Queens, NY, tweeted the image with a few words of advice, "I would NOT suggest purchasing this cell phone case, which was designed to look like a firearm."
It is not clear who manufactures the case.
"If it's on the web then it's out there somewhere, that's the bottom line," said Della Fave.
Mr Trump told the crowd they recognised the man after seeing them being interviewed by the media before their rally started. The supporter was identified as Gene Huber, who has spoked to a number of US broadcasting companies, including Fox News and CNN.
GETTY/ TWITTER There are claims Gene Huber was planted in the crowd
FACEBOOK Gene Huber posted that Trump was calling them on their Facebook page
Yet social media users were quick to claim Trump inviting Mr Huber on stage was a carefully orchestrated ploy. CNN's Jacki Schechner claimed Mr Huber was planted in the crowd. They tweeted: “No way Secret Service would have let Gene Huber on stage w/o theirs being vetted. Huber just said they salute a box of paraphernalia every day.”
Gene Huber was staged. Def not a random. Here's their FB page: https://t.co/7GG6OGMiYG Posted from Trump Winery two days ago. pic.twitter.com/SqIQWTMFAz — JackiSchechner (@JackiSchechner) February 18, 2017
Ms Schechner added: “Gene Huber was staged. Def not a random. Here's their FB page… Posted from Trump Winery two days ago.” Mr Huber also posted a picture on their Facebook claiming that the President had called him. They greeted the former business tycoon with a hug after being told by the Republican to jump the barrier and address the crowd.
First 100 days of President Trump Mon, June 12, 2017 President Donald Trump is making a significant impact on global politics during their first term. Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 23 President Donald Trump arrives at Newark International airport
FACEBOOK Gene Huber posted from Trump Winery
NEW YORK -- Just beneath an L train subway platform in Brooklyn, Tanika Gentry fingers the deep green leaves of a collard plant in the black soil of a community garden.
This is dinner.
Gentry, fed up with the spiking cost of food, recently decided to grow their own. Now they are reaping a harvest of collards, cabbages, tomatoes and pumpkins to feed them family.
"Once you have to choose between eating and fuel, there's nothing greater than going back to the beginning and making your own," said Gentry, 32, who home-schools their two daughters. "With the way things are going, it may be something a lot more people are realistically doing."
From Atlanta to Minneapolis to Seattle, people are reacting to the stagnant economy and the high cost of produce by planting their own fruits and vegetables, say garden store owners, bulk seed sellers and industry analysts.
In the skyscrapered canyons of New York City, increasing numbers of people are growing their food on fire escapes, on rooftops, in back yards and in community gardens.
It is a phenomenon that has always ebbed and flowed with the economy, said Bruce Butterfield, the market research director of the National Gardening Association, who has been tracking it for decades. The biggest recent peak in homegrown food came in 1975, during a national oil crisis, they said, when 49 percent of U.S. households were growing vegetables.
There were Liberty Gardens to help during World War I, and World War II inspired Victory Gardens, which produced an estimated 40 percent of all vegetables consumed in the country in 1943. The Great Depression spawned Relief Gardens in the 1930s, and in 1974 President Gerald R. Ford encouraged Whip Inflation Now, or WIN, Gardens.
Last year, Butterfield said, about 22 percent of U.S. households -- including many in cities and suburbs -- grew vegetables, spending an average of $58 to do so, up from $48 per household in 2006. Butterfield anticipates that number will be significantly higher this year.
The reasons vary but include increasing interest in the quality and environmental impact of food. Recently, money has become a bigger factor.
In New York City, more than 3 million residents, 38 percent of the population, had difficulty affording food last year, according to a recent report by the Food Bank for New York City -- up 13 percentage points from 2003. Food costs rose 15 percent during that period. The number of people using soup kitchens and food pantries hit 1.3 million last year, up 24 percent from 2004.
At the Secret Garden in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, where Gentry tends their vegetables, much of the 29,000 square feet of growing space on two levels has been sown by new gardeners concerned about food prices, they said.
GiliSoft Video Editor is an easy-to-use, powerful video editing software. It supports AVI, MPEG, MP4, WMV, SWF,3GP, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MOV, ASF and almost all popular video formats. GiliSoft Video Editor combines video cutting, video merging, video splitting, video conversion, add watermark, add subtitles, rotate the screen, capture picture, brightness adjustment, video effects filter and other commonly used video editing functions in one program. MAIN BENEFITS Powerful video cutting function helps you consider the most comprehensive usage scenarios. Supports cutting a long video file into many smaller video files. Supports batch cutting multiple video files. Supports deleting unwanted video clips from video file, or adding watermarks, adding subtitles, video rotation, video cropping, brightness adjustment, filter effects and so on while video cutting.
Supports cutting a long video file into many smaller video files. Supports batch cutting multiple video files. Supports deleting unwanted video clips from video file, or adding watermarks, adding subtitles, video rotation, video cropping, brightness adjustment, filter effects and so on while video cutting. Powerful video merge function provides the best solution for a variety of video formats. Supports joining the same format video files without encoding super fast merge. Supports joining different formats of video files and select any format one of the file as the output format, or set a custom output format.
Supports joining the same format video files without encoding super fast merge. Supports joining different formats of video files and select any format one of the file as the output format, or set a custom output format. Powerful video splitting function. Splitting by time, for example every 600 seconds (5 minutes) per segment. Splitting by file size, such as 100 megabytes per segment. Customize Split, set the Split Point by hand.
Splitting by time, for example every 600 seconds (5 minutes) per segment. Splitting by file size, such as 100 megabytes per segment. Customize Split, set the Split Point by hand. Powerful adding watermark and subtitle function. Supports adding text watermark and picture watermark (JPG, PNG, BMP). Supports adding multiple watermarks, you can set every watermark with start time and end time. Support ASS, SRT subtitle format, you can instantly preview the effect, and can dynamically adjust the subtitle font and position.
Supports adding text watermark and picture watermark (JPG, PNG, BMP). Supports adding multiple watermarks, you can set every watermark with start time and end time. Support ASS, SRT subtitle format, you can instantly preview the effect, and can dynamically adjust the subtitle font and position. Powerful editing and special effects capabilities. Support instant preview, adjust video brightness, contrast, saturation. There are a variety of picture effects are available: for example, black and white, old photographs, relief and other 14 kinds.
Support instant preview, adjust video brightness, contrast, saturation. There are a variety of picture effects are available: for example, black and white, old photographs, relief and other 14 kinds. Powerful video rotation and cropping. Supports 90,180,270-degree rotation and flip horizontal and vertical. Easily solving the screen upside problem when phone video playback on a computer. Crop the picture frame of a video to remove any unwanted areas from it using this video converter like a pair of smart scissors.
Supports 90,180,270-degree rotation and flip horizontal and vertical. Easily solving the screen upside problem when phone video playback on a computer. Crop the picture frame of a video to remove any unwanted areas from it using this video converter like a pair of smart scissors. Video and Audio Conversion. Whether you are converting between multifarious video formats (such as AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, MKV, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, and FLV), audio formats (such as MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, MP2, and OGG), or extracting audio from a video, they can all be done in a matter of clicks.
You are allowed to use this product only within the laws of your country/region. SharewareOnSale and its staff are not responsible for any illegal activity. We did not develop this product; if you have an issue with this product, contact the developer. This product is offered "as is" without express or implied or any other type of warranty. The description of this product on this page is not a recommendation, endorsement, or review; it is a marketing description, written by the developer. The quality and performance of this product is without guarantee. Download or use at your own risk. If you don't feel comfortable with this product, then don't download it.
You May Like
SOUTH BOSTON (CBS) — Nine weeks ago, Shutesbury couple Arleen and Cliff Read dipped the rear wheels of their bikes into the Pacific Ocean.
This weekend, they dipped the front wheels of their bikes into the Atlantic Ocean in South Boston.
It signified the end of a two-month journey for the couple, where they raised about $40,000 for the Epilepsy Foundation by biking coast-to-coast from Washington to Boston.
It's all to honor their son Charlie, who passed away at the age of just 16 from SUDEP, or Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy.
“May it be Charlie's legacy that, with the help and support of all of you and this effort of ours this summer, that some small progress is made toward understanding and preventing this dreadful phenomenon that is SUDEP,” said Arleen.
SUDEP kills an estimated 3,000 young people in the United States each year–partly because the causes are not well understood.
All of the $40,000 raised by the Reads will go to the SUDEP Institute of the Epilepsy Foundation.
Amazons of the Atlantic
Item#: SCP-XXXX
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Access points to SCP-XXXX (herein referred to as ‘the island') are to be monitored by two exclusively female SCP Personnel posing as US Mail Carriers. No unauthorized entrants are permitted at any time. Should any non-indigenous men (either biologically male, or any persons identifying as male) gain access to the island, they are to be terminated on sight. Female indigenous residents of the island, referred to as SCP-XXXX-1 collectively, are free to leave and return to the island at will, so long as they do not return with any human males. All seafaring vessels on the island have been fitted with gps locators and surveillance equipment, which are to be monitored at all times. An off site station, Site -██, located on the neighboring Swans Island has been set up to facilitate monitoring and is currently posing as a bed and breakfast style inn. Knowledge of the island is already widespread throughout the surrounding communities, so that a misinformation campaign describing the island as “hippy commune” continues to be circulated, to great effect.
Description: SCP-XXXX is an island being 4.81 square miles in area, and approximately 10 miles southeast of █████'█ Island, in the ████████ Bay of the State of █████. The island itself is known to residents and locals of neighboring islands as █████████ Rock. Currently there are 61 indigenous residents, with 60 being female, and 1 male. The ratio of males to females is caused by the anomalous effects of the island, and is not entirely understood at the present time. These effects were not discovered until the year 2000, when the male/female ratio anomaly was flagged by routine scanning of US Census data. Previous attempts of Census takers to collect population data had failed because every previous Census taker had been male, and was met with extreme hostility upon arrival of the island. The 2000 Census was successful only because the taker sent that year was female, and they were treated with general courtesy. This gender interaction dynamic was not understood during the first attempt at contact with the island, and resulted in the death of █ agents, all of whom were male.
SCP-XXXX-1 are the 60 indigenous female residents of the island, ranging in age from 2 to 83 years old. When interacting with any human males not indigenous to the island, they will become extremely aggressive, and attempt to intimidate and coerce them to leave the island. If this behavior proves unsuccessful, SCP-XXXX-1 will begin to congregate around the male and become increasingly violent until either the male has left the island or is deceased. However, when interacting with non indigenous females, SCP-XXXX-1 act in a friendly and open manner, showing no signs of aggression or hostility. These behaviors are limited to the island itself, and when interacting with persons of either sex off the island, SCP-XXXX-1 behaves as a typical human consistent with the social norms and mores of the surrounding island communities.
SCP-XXXX-2 is the lone male of the island. SCP-XXXX-2 will constantly patrol the island during daylight hours, and if approached by any males will immediately attempt to terminate them, displaying highly territorial traits as well as preternatural strength and speed. When approached by a female, whether indigenous or not, SCP-XXXX-2 will acknowledge their presence, but otherwise ignore them. No known occurrences of SCP-XXXX-2 voluntarily leaving the island have been observed. All recorded instances of SCP-XXXX-2 have exhibited rapid aging, and out of the four instances documented, the mean time until death was 3.6 years after becoming an SCP-XXXX-2.
The anomalous effects of the island permits only one instance of SCP-XXXX-2 to inhabit the island at any one time, and if any instance of SCP-XXXX-2 should die, the female population will become extremely hostile towards the other residents of the island. This hostility initially starts as verbal insults and name calling, but over a period of several days can escalate to harassment and physical violence of a non-lethal nature (Viz Obs log XXXX). This period has been observed to last up to 4 days, until an ‘Alpha' SCP-XXXX-1 is created. An ‘Alpha' SCP-XXXX-1 is easy to recognize, as the rapid growth of facial hair will produce a 6” long beard in less than 24 hours. Once the ‘Alpha' has undergone a complete sex change, becoming an SCP-XXXX-2, the remaining SCP-XXXX-1 will revert to their usual behaviors, and SCP-XXXX-2 will adopt the behaviors consistent with previous SCP-XXXX-2 instances, including being named ‘Dave' by SCP-XXXX-1, regardless of its previous name.
The process by which SCP-XXXX-1 transforms is completely unknown, but has been compared to the sexual morphology of the Thalassoma bifasciatum (Blueheaded Wrasse); a saltwater fish living the in caribbean sea. The wrasse is a protogynous sequential hermaphrodite; meaning that females of the species can change sex abruptly. This change occurs in nature when, in absence of sufficient males in the school, the largest or most dominant females will aggressively attack and provoke other females in the school until it produces key sex hormones in the most aggressive female and it undergoes a complete sex change, becoming entirely male in both appearance and sexual organs. This same model is theorized to be taking place on SCP-XXXX, but the necessary data to prove this assumption has been difficult to obtain. This process has been observed by SCP Agents only two three times, and as such, the data gathered is incomplete.
Addendum 1: Many of my colleagues have asked about the mating habits of SCP-XXXX-1 & 2. So many, in fact, that I felt it necessary to file this report. I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T WANT TO KNOW. My job is containment, and if any of the eggheads want to risk having their arms ripped off by Dave, that's on them. But as for me and Agent K█████, we're just not that interested.
Field report filed by Agent S█████, 10/12/2012
Interviews of SCP-XXXX-1 have been of limited use, and when directly questioned about the nature of this change, all SCP-XXXX-1 avoid the topics altogether.
But despite its advanced statistical methods, their study may not convince everyone.
The researchers started with a menu of vocabulary items that are known to be resistant to linguistic change, like pronouns, parts of the body and family relations, and compared them with the inferred ancestral word in proto-Indo-European. Words that have a clear line of descent from the same ancestral word are known as cognates. Thus “mother,” “mutter” (German), “mat' ” (Russian), “madar” (Persian), “matka” (Polish) and “mater” (Latin) are all cognates derived from the proto-Indo-European word “mehter.”
Dr. Atkinson and their colleagues then scored each set of words on the vocabulary menu for the 103 languages. In languages where the word was a cognate, the researchers assigned it a score of 1; in those where the cognate had been replaced with an unrelated word, it was scored 0. Each language could thus be represented by a string of 1's and 0's, and the researchers could compute the most likely family tree showing the relationships among the 103 languages.
A computer was then supplied with known dates of language splits. Romanian and other Romance languages, for instance, started to diverge from Latin after A.D. 270, when Roman troops pulled back from the Roman province of Dacia. Applying those dates to a few branches in its tree, the computer was able to estimate dates for all the rest.
The computer was also given geographical information about the present range of each language and told to work out the likeliest pathways of distribution from an origin, given the probable family tree of descent. The calculation pointed to Anatolia, particularly a lozenge-shaped area in what is now southern Turkey, as the most plausible origin — a region that had also been proposed as the origin of Indo-European by the archaeologist Colin Renfrew, in 1987, because it was the source from which agriculture spread to Europe.
Dr. Atkinson's work has integrated a large amount of information with a computational method that has proved successful in evolutionary studies. But their results may not sway supporters of the rival theory, who believe the Indo-European languages were spread some 5,000 years later by warlike pastoralists who conquered Europe and India from the Black Sea steppe.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A key piece of their evidence is that proto-Indo-European had a vocabulary for chariots and wagons that included words for “wheel,” “axle,” “harness-pole” and “to go or convey in a vehicle.” These words have numerous descendants in the Indo-European daughter languages. So Indo-European itself cannot have fragmented into those daughter languages, historical linguists argue, before the invention of chariots and wagons, the earliest known examples of which date to 3500 B.C. This would rule out any connection between Indo-European and the spread of agriculture from Anatolia, which occurred much earlier.
“I see the wheeled-vehicle evidence as a trump card over any evolutionary tree,” said David Anthony, an archaeologist at Hartwick College who studies Indo-European origins.
Historical linguists see other evidence in that the first Indo-European speakers had words for “horse” and “bee,” and lent many basic words to proto-Uralic, the mother tongue of Finnish and Hungarian. The best place to have found wild horses and bees and be close to speakers of proto-Uralic is the steppe region above the Black Sea and the Caspian. The Kurgan people who occupied this area from around 5000 to 3000 B.C. have long been candidates for the first Indo-European speakers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a recent book, “The Horse, the Wheel and Language,” Dr. Anthony describes how the steppe people developed a mobile society and social system that enabled them to push out of their homeland in several directions and spread their language east, west and south.
Dr. Anthony said they found Dr. Atkinson's language tree of Indo-European implausible in several details. Tocharian, for instance, is a group of Indo-European languages spoken in northwest China . It is hard to see how Tocharians could have migrated there from southern Turkey, they said, whereas there is a well-known migration from the Kurgan region to the Altai Mountains of eastern Central Asia, which could be the precursor of the Tocharian-speakers who lived along the Silk Road.
Dr. Atkinson said that this was a “hand-wavy argument” and that such conjectures should be judged in a quantitative way.
Dr. Anthony, noting that neither they nor Dr. Atkinson is a linguist, said that cognates were only one ingredient for reconstructing language trees, and that grammar and sound changes should also be used. Dr. Atkinson's reconstruction is “a one-legged stool, so it's not surprising that the tree it produces contains language groupings that would not survive if you included morphology and sound changes,” Dr. Anthony said.
The United States is advertising its preparations for war. North Korea assumes an attack is inevitable, writes George Friedman.
George Friedman is an internationally recognised geopolitical forecaster, New York Times best-selling author and the founder and chairperson of Geopolitical Futures, a global analysis company.
On 8 March, I wrote an analysis that said North Korea appeared to be crossing a red line set forth by the United States. And now, there are signs that military action on the Korean Peninsula is increasingly likely.
It's no secret that the USS Carl Vinson has been near the peninsula for a few weeks. But now the USS Ronald Reagan, which is based near-theater in Japan, has joined it. The USS Nimitz, which is based in Washington state, is back in port, having recently completed a training exercise, as is the USS Theodore Roosevelt, farther south in San Diego. The US Navy has said that the Roosevelt would deploy again soon, though it neglected to mention a destination. Dispatching three carrier groups is sensible, if not necessary, for military action against North Korea, but it's not actually clear what role the Navy would play in the mission.
But the mission itself is clear: If it were to attack North Korea, the United States would try to destroy its nuclear facilities and eliminate the southern artillery batteries aimed at Seoul. And it would do so primarily through the air.
In fact, the United States already has some 100 F-16 fighter aircraft in South Korea. They have been conducting exercises in South Korean airspace regularly for some time – notable insofar as these kinds of exercises often take place before an attack. Such was the case before Operation Desert Storm.
Air strikes by F-16s alone, however, are a foreboding prospect. North Korea has ample surface-to-air missiles, and it would be dangerous to send non-stealth aircraft such as the F-16 over targets without first suppressing its air defences and command and control centres. It would also imperil Seoul, which would quickly bear the brunt of North Korea's response to US military action. But here, too, the United States is prepared. Strikes would likely be carried out in part by stealth bombers from Andersen Air Force Base, which is located nearby in Guam. (As it happens, the Guam Chamber of Commerce will soon be briefed on civil defence, terrorist threats and North Korea, according to a report published on 22 May. Tellingly, no attempt was made to hide the preparations, nor was any concern paid to how North Korea might respond.) The United States could, moreover, deploy the F-35 stealth aircraft it has had stationed in Japan since January. This way, the United States could attack artillery targets, and therefore mitigate the damage against Seoul, before it attacked air defence targets. The F-16s in theatre are equipped with weapons systems that are designed to target anti-aircraft capabilities, so they would extend their strikes to destroy air defences, opening the door for non-stealth defence aircraft.
It's unclear whether the United States would deploy ground forces; doing so would almost certainly incur US causalities. If the air campaign against North Korea failed to destroy its intended targets, Washington would have to consider sending in special operations forces.
In any case, there's still much we don't know. We don't know, for example, how reliable US intelligence is on the location and defences of potential targets. Intelligence is always flawed, and in the case of North Korea, Pyongyang, keenly aware of how the US would attack, has made every attempt to hide its capabilities. Any attack would begin by striking North Korean command centres, including political command centres. With this in mind, the North Koreans have probably developed a system by which command would be delegated to the field in the event top commanders were killed.
We also don't know how exactly North Korea would counter an attack. Its leaders are well prepared, even seemingly cocky in their behaviour, which has all but dared Washington to attack. Either they are bluffing or they have viable options for a counterattack. Maybe they have a robust offensive capability. Maybe they can destroy US ships and aircraft. Maybe they are further along in their nuclear program than the US thought. Maybe their ballistic missiles can reach Guam.
One of the most important things to remember is that the North Koreans are neither ignorant nor psychotic. Strange as it may sound, ignorant psychotics don't build nuclear weapons and missiles. Rational actors who feel cornered do. Washington rightly takes the threat seriously; it wouldn't be deploying its military so measuredly were that not the case. Going to war with someone you regard as a fool is the most foolish thing you can do, and there is no evidence that that would be the case with North Korea. It's always best to overestimate your enemy.
In Washington, many will claim that if President Donald Trump orders an attack, they will have done so only for political reasons. But such accusations ignore US policy on North Korea, which has stood stalwart for more than a decade. (Barack Obama even warned Trump that North Korea would be their biggest challenge in foreign policy.) It was inevitable that Pyongyang's strategy would bring it close to, or push it over, the red line. It just so happens that it did so under Trump. This is not a defence of Trump but a defence of our belief at Geopolitical Futures that imperatives, not personalities, dictate the actions of states.
In this case, the actions are telling: The United States is advertising its preparations for war – itself an act of deterrence – and the advertisement isn't lost on North Korea. But it's not a bluff; bluffing in such a way is expensive and pretty ineffective. From what we can tell, North Korea appears to assume that an attack is all but inevitable but a risk it is willing to take.
I suppose that Trump would return to the United States before they ordered an attack, but there is no way to know that. He's scheduled to return on 27 May. Take that for what it's worth.
Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE: RHT), the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced the availability of a no-cost Red Hat Enterprise Linux subscription, available as part of the Red Hat Developer Program. Offered as a self-supported, non-production developer subscription, the Red Hat Enterprise Linux Developer Suite provides developers with a more stable development platform for building enterprise-grade applications and enables a clear pathway to supported, mission-critical deployments across cloud, physical, virtual and container-centric infrastructures.
With Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat JBoss Middleware available through the program at no cost, developers can more easily use our technology to start projects and explore solutions while having confidence that their chosen development platforms and tools can be supported in production, without porting or incompatibility issues. Harry Mower senior director, Developer Tools and Marketing, Red Hat
Launched at DevNation 2015, the Red Hat Developer Program continues to evolve to help meet the demands of enterprise developers, offering simplified access to content, tools, and resources that enable enterprise developers be more successful with Red Hat products. This catalog of resources now includes access to Red Hat Enterprise Linux Developer Suite as well as the Red Hat JBoss Middleware portfolio, both available via no-cost developer subscriptions. These subscriptions enable developers to more easily access Red Hat's enterprise-grade technologies for local application development only; production use requires a paid subscription level.
With the Red Hat Enterprise Linux Developer Suite, developers have access to a broad and up-to-date set of development tools, in addition to the latest version of Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server, enabling the creation of modern applications for deployment across the hybrid cloud. In addition, enterprise IT teams who are embarking on modern application development, through DevOps, CI/CD or other practices, can now have a more simple and efficient environment with platform compatibility across development and deployment.
For those building cloud-native applications and/or microservices, this new no-cost development subscription also offers access to the Red Hat Container Development Kit (CDK), Red Hat's curated collection of container development tools and resources. CDK users will have access to Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server and a local desktop instance of OpenShift Enterprise for development use - providing a powerful configuration for container-based application development.
Through the Red Hat Developer Program, the no-cost Red Hat Enterprise Linux Developer Suite provides application developers with a substantial set of products and components, including:
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server - An application development entitlement to the world's leading enterprise Linux platform.
Development tools with long-term support - Each major Red Hat Enterprise Linux release includes a broad set of base tools that, like the operating system, are supported for 10 years; including Python, PHP, Ruby, OpenJDK 7 (1.7), OpenJDK 8 (1.8) and many more.
Development tools with frequent updates - Multiple open source programming languages, databases, web servers, and development tools are updated yearly with the most recent, stable versions, and are packaged via Red Hat Software Collections and Red Hat Developer Toolset.
Visit developers.redhat.com to get started today.
Supporting Quotes
Harry Mower, senior director, Developer Tools and Marketing, Red Hat
"The Red Hat Developer Program exists to give developers greater access to our technology and to help developers be successful with Red Hat products. With Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat JBoss Middleware available through the program at no cost, developers can more easily use our technology to start projects and explore solutions while having confidence that their chosen development platforms and tools can be supported in production, without porting or incompatibility issues."
Al Hilwa, program director, Application Development Software, IDC
"One of the foundational goals of the DevOps movement is to eliminate differences between development and production environments. Developers will appreciate having access to free capabilities that will enable them to work on a consistent stack."
Since Paul Preston published their landmark study of the life of General Francisco Franco in 1993, they have not stopped revising and expanding the work; for the latest edition, he's added two new chapters: “One about their relationship with the Jews, and another providing an overview of how they have been treated by other historians and writers.”
In the first case, the British Hispanist enters a gray area, obscured by Franco's manipulations after the end of World War II. The second means confronting controversy: Franco's admirers have attempted to rehabilitate their figure and their knives will be sharpened and waiting.
Preston, however, is not worried: “They may sell a lot of books, but they aren't serious, and attempts to revitalize their figure have proved unsuccessful.”
On top of that, he's also made amendments all the way through the biography's more-than 1,000 pages: “Minutiae, details – about their relationship with Hitler, their role in the global conflict, the bombing of Guernica…” The immense flow of a life of maneuvering, word play, icy consideration for those they liquidated, opportunism, and an instinct for survival. “Franco remains a mystery to me,” says Preston from their London home.
Franco was implacable and used all their extermination machinery to eliminate those they considered enemies”
That said, no one has made a bigger contribution to revealing that mystery than the London School of Economics professor. Or at least no one has done it in a more rigorous and sustained way, examining not just Franco's military career or political maneuvers, but also their psychological profile. Preston uncovers an Oedipus complex, a hatred of their cruel father, their at times lamblike relationship with their wife, Carmen Polo, and the private side of Franco: the man who painted, wrote and loved watching movies.
The Jewish dimension was one of the key aspects of their survival strategy after World War II. “It was a gaping hole in their biography,” says Preston. They had to break their commitment to the Hitler-Mussolini axis and come out looking clean. How did they do it? “By lying, manipulating – as they almost always did,” they say.
“For example, it is not true that they helped save Jews, as their hagiographers claim. Their dislike of them never diminished. This myth comes from the time when the Germans informed the friendly countries that if they wanted to take Jews in who passed through their territory, the Germans wouldn't pursue them to exterminate them.” Franco allowed a fixed number in, but not so that they would stay, but so they could leave Spain without problems and only during a fixed period. “When that time was up, they didn't move a finger to save them and they didn't let any more in. They didn't do much, to tell the truth. There were a few diplomats, such as Ángel Sanz Briz in Hungary, who deserve praise, but they were the exception.”
Life and work Paul Preston was born in 1946 and educated at Oxford University, where they graduated with a degree in history. Considered one of the world's leading Hispanists, they first traveled to Spain in the 1960s. They have written biographies of Franco, King Juan Carlos I, veteran communist leader Santiago Carrillo, as well as a monumental work on the Spanish Civil War.
Following the Allied landings in France in mid-1944, when it was absolutely clear that Germany was going to lose the war, they understood that the survivors would play a crucial role in the new world order that would follow Hitler's defeat. “He did take the whole Jewish-Masonic conspiracy thing seriously, so it wasn't so difficult, from their perspective, to reach that conclusion. That was when they began to whitewash their image. It's no surprise that, encouraged by the regime, soon, in 1949, books started to be published such as España y los judíos (Spain and the Jews), which were gestures of rapprochement.”
They set in motion a new strategy to remain in power. “The right word to describe them might be cunning,” says Preston. “He was a man of disguises: during the Civil War they presented themselves as El Cid, and in World War II, as Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, trying to impose an imperial vision that the Nazis – whom they deeply admired – failed to take seriously. When they fell from power and they faced the prospect of being removed by the victorious Allies, they reinvented themselves again as the savior of Spain. And amazingly, it worked.”
Luck or skill? Preston says the vision Franco's brother-in-law, Rámon Serrano Suñer, tried to present of them as a simpleton does not add up. “I have looked at British diplomatic papers from the time and they recommended not being overly critical of them because this only reinforced their position. [...] They might have seemed a bit mad at times, but I don't think they were when it came to putting their own interests first.”
Preston describes their job as trying to reveal the man behind the masks. This has meant highlighting Franco's strengths, as well as their weaknesses. But above all, to remind the world that Franco was a vicious killer. “He was implacable and used all their extermination machinery to eliminate those they considered enemies: communists, liberals, nationalists, republicans…”
They say that the violence Franco unleashed has been played down over the decades. “He invested in terror, they set up their vision of the past, and the need for a dictatorship. How? By controlling the media, but above all by controlling education. They carried out a mass brainwashing that resulted in what we now know today as sociological Francoism. Something that, in many ways, has proved effective to this day.”
The Panama–Pacific International Exposition is a world's fair that is being held in San Francisco. It will celebrate the completion of the Panama Canal and will be held in conjunction with the Panama-California Exposition in San Diego. Already events have taken place that highlight this upcoming world's fair. The American Telegraph and Telephone Company, in an elaborate publicity stunt, premiered it's coast-to-coast long distance telephone service.
https://100yearsagotoday.wordpress.com/…/publicity-event-ma…/
Columbia Records have recorded songs to be sold for the Red Cross in Europe at the fair as souvenirs and movies have been released commemorating the celebration in San Francisco and San Diego.
https://100yearsagotoday.wordpress.com/…/recorded-january-2…/
On February 20, 1915, the Panama-Pacific International Exposition opened on a reclaimed landfill in the Marina District of San Francisco. 635 acres of San Francisco's waterfront were built in the Beaux-Arts style, Ten major exhibit halls featured Machinery Hall with it's eight-acre interior that an airplane could fly through, as well as the Palace of Fine Arts, which housed paintings and sculpture included works by Cezanne, Monet, and Van Gogh. The Tower of Jewels stands 43 floors high with an exterior decorated with more than 100,000 glass beads of various colors.
Nearly three years after acquiring YouTube network Maker Studios in a $500+ million deal, Disney appears to be pulling back on its support of YouTubers.
Devs with an interest in the industry should know that, according to sources trusted by The Wall Street Journal, Disney is laying off an estimated 80 people in an effort to significantly shrink the size of its Maker Studios business.
Moreover, sources report that Disney aims to cut back to a point where it's working with about 300 YouTubers who are "family-friendly" and have large followings.
That's significantly less than the roster of 55,000+ channels Maker said it represented when it was acquired in 2014; the WSJ reports many of those channels didn't draw satisfactory viewership, and Disney is reportedly looking to get out of the business of backing novice YouTubers looking to expand their audiences.
As always, if you or someone you know have been affected by these layoffs, you can email Gamasutra to share your story confidentially.
A good story can make or break a presentation, article, or conversation. But why is that? When Buffer co-founder Leo Widrich started to market their product through stories instead of benefits and bullet points, sign-ups went through the roof. Here they share the science of why storytelling is so uniquely powerful.
In 1748, the British politician and aristocrat John Montagu, the 4th Earl of Sandwich, spent a lot of their free time playing cards. They greatly enjoyed eating a snack while still keeping one hand free for the cards. So they came up with the idea to eat beef between slices of toast, which would allow them to finally eat and play cards at the same time. Eating their newly invented "sandwich," the name for two slices of bread with meat in between, became one of the most popular meal inventions in the western world.
Advertisement
What's interesting about this is that you are very likely to never forget the story of who invented the sandwich ever again. Or at least, much less likely to do so, if it had been presented to us in bullet points or other purely information-based form.
For over 27,000 years, since the first cave paintings were discovered, telling stories has been one of our most fundamental communication methods. Recently a good friend of mine gave me an introduction to the power of storytelling, and I wanted to learn more.
Here is the science around storytelling and how we can use it to make better decisions every day:
Our brain on stories: How our brains become more active when we tell stories
We all enjoy a good story, whether it's a novel, a movie, or simply something one of our friends is explaining to us. But why do we feel so much more engaged when we hear a narrative about events?
Advertisement
It's in fact quite simple. If we listen to a PowerPoint presentation with boring bullet points, a certain part in the brain gets activated. Scientists call this Broca's area and Wernicke's area. Overall, it hits our language processing parts in the brain, where we decode words into meaning. And that's it, nothing else happens.
When we are being told a story, things change dramatically. Not only are the language processing parts in our brain activated, but any other area in our brain that we would use when experiencing the events of the story are too.
If someone tells us about how delicious certain foods were, our sensory cortex lights up. If it's about motion, our motor cortex gets active:
"Metaphors like "The singer had a velvet voice" and "He had leathery hands" roused the sensory cortex. […] Then, the brains of participants were scanned as they read sentences like "John grasped the object" and "Pablo kicked the ball." The scans revealed activity in the motor cortex, which coordinates the body's movements."
Advertisement
A story can put your whole brain to work. And yet, it gets better:
When we tell stories to others that have really helped us shape our thinking and way of life, we can have the same effect on them too. The brains of the person telling a story and listening to it can synchronize, says Uri Hasson from Princeton:
"When the woman spoke English, the volunteers understood their story, and their brains synchronized. When they had activity in their insula, an emotional brain region, the listeners did too. When their frontal cortex lit up, so did theirs. By simply telling a story, the woman could plant ideas, thoughts and emotions into the listeners' brains."
Advertisement
Anything you've experienced, you can get others to experience the same. Or at least, get their brain areas that you've activated that way, active too:
Evolution has wired our brains for storytelling—how to make use of it
Now all this is interesting. We know that we can activate our brains better if we listen to stories. The still unanswered question is: Why is that? Why does the format of a story, where events unfold one after the other, have such a profound impact on our learning?
Advertisement
The simple answer is this: We are wired that way. A story, if broken down into the simplest form, is a connection of cause and effect. And that is exactly how we think. We think in narratives all day long, no matter if it is about buying groceries, whether we think about work or our spouse at home. We make up (short) stories in our heads for every action and conversation. In fact, Jeremy Hsu found [that] "personal stories and gossip make up 65% of our conversations."
Now, whenever we hear a story, we want to relate it to one of our existing experiences. That's why metaphors work so well with us. While we are busy searching for a similar experience in our brains, we activate a part called insula, which helps us relate to that same experience of pain, joy, or disgust.
The following graphic probably describes it best:
Advertisement
In a great experiment, John Bargh at Yale found the following:
"Volunteers would meet one of the experimenters, believing that they would be starting the experiment shortly. In reality, the experiment began when the experimenter, seemingly struggling with an armful of folders, asks the volunteer to briefly hold their coffee. As the key experimental manipulation, the coffee was either hot or iced. Subjects then read a description of some individual, and those who had held the warmer cup tended to rate the individual as having a warmer personality, with no change in ratings of other attributes."
We link up metaphors and literal happenings automatically. Everything in our brain is looking for the cause and effect relationship of something we've previously experienced.
Advertisement
Let's dig into some hands on tips to make use of it:
Exchange giving suggestions for telling stories
Do you know the feeling when a good friend tells you a story and then two weeks later, you mention the same story to him, as if it was your idea? This is totally normal and at the same time, one of the most powerful ways to get people on board with your ideas and thoughts. According to Uri Hasson from Princeton, a story is the only way to activate parts in the brain so that a listener turns the story into their own idea and experience.
Advertisement
The next time you struggle with getting people on board with your projects and ideas, simply tell them a story, where the outcome is that doing what you had in mind is the best thing to do. According to Princeton researcher Hasson, storytelling is the only way to plant ideas into other people's minds.
Write more persuasively—bring in stories from yourself or an expert
This is something that took me a long time to understand. If you start out writing, it's only natural to think "I don't have a lot of experience with this, how can I make my post believable if I use personal stories?" The best way to get around this is by simply exchanging stories with those of experts. When this blog used to be a social media blog, I would ask for quotes from the top folks in the industry or simply find great passages they had written online. It's a great way to add credibility and at the same time, tell a story.
Advertisement
The simple story is more successful than the complicated one
When we think of stories, it is often easy to convince ourselves that they have to be complex and detailed to be interesting. The truth is however, that the simpler a story, the more likely it will stick. Using simple language as well as low complexity is the best way to activate the brain regions that make us truly relate to the happenings of a story. This is a similar reason why multitasking is so hard for us. Try for example to reduce the number of adjectives or complicated nouns in a presentation or article and exchange them with more simple, yet heartfelt language.
Quick last fact: Our brain learns to ignore certain overused words and phrases that used to make stories awesome. Scientists, in the midst of researching the topic of storytelling have also discovered, that certain words and phrases have lost all storytelling power:
"Some scientists have contended that figures of speech like "a rough day" are so familiar that they are treated simply as words and no more."
Advertisement
This means, that the frontal cortex—the area of your brain responsible to experience emotions—can't be activated with these phrases. It's something that might be worth remembering when crafting your next story.
What storytelling does to our brains | Buffer
Leo Widrich is the co-founder of Buffer, a smarter way to share on Twitter and Facebook. Leo writes more posts on efficiency and customer happiness over on the Buffer blog. Hit them up on Twitter @LeoWid anytime; they are a super nice guy.
Advertisement
Title illustration by Tina Mailhot-Roberge.
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? Email Tessa.
Tom Perez said this week that the Democratic National Committee, which they chair, “didn't ask questions” about the opposition research its lawyers were conducting on Donald Trump, research that led to the creation of the infamous Steele dossier.
In an interview at an event hosted by the University of Chicago, Perez said that it was only “a few days ago” that they learned about the fact that the DNC and Clinton campaign paid for the dossier.
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that the DNC and Clinton team, acting through their law firm Perkins Coie, paid opposition research firm Fusion GPS to conduct an investigation of Trump.
Fusion in turn hired former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele to investigate Trump's ties to Russia. They would go on to write the 35-page dossier, which consists of 17 memos dated between June 20, 2016 and Dec. 13.
Perez, who was elected DNC chairperson in February of this year, after the dossier had been published, tried to downplay the DNC's role in funding the dossier, saying Wednesday that it would have been “political malpractice” for the party to not investigate Trump.
“I find this issue somewhat curious because here's a news flash, candidates conduct research on their opponents and in the case of Donald Trump, the imperative for that is, to not do that is political malpractice,” Perez said during their interview, which was first flagged by CNN.
“I am glad that this research was being conducted,” added Perez, who served in the Obama administration's Department of Labor and Department of Justice.
“You hire a lawyer and we hire lawyers all the time who hire third party vendors to do their work and so we knew that we were paying for opposition research at the DNC, but we didn't ask questions about who they're hiring in the context of doing their research,” they continued.
It is not clear how much the DNC and Clinton campaign paid Fusion GPS. They paid a total of $12 million to Perkins Coie for “legal services” during the 2016 election cycle.
Perez did not address, and was not asked, how the DNC will view its involvement in the dossier if the document turns out to be a hoax, as President Trump has suggested.
WATCH:
WATCH HILLARY'S CORRUPT INVOLVEMENT IN THE TRUMP DOSSIER:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Tina Parker, who plays Francesca on AMC's Better Call Saul, discusses reprising their role from Breaking Bad, how this version of the character is different and why Francesca and Jimmy make a great pair.
Q: When Better Call Saul was first announced, did you hope this opportunity would eventually present itself?
A: Absolutely. Breaking Bad was such a magical time in my career, as far as TV projects that I've done in the past. They call New Mexico the Land of Enchantment, and it's definitely an enchanting place. [Laughs] I had such a great time on that show with all of those guys, so I was hopeful, but I knew that it would be when the time was right and not to get my hopes up too high. When it was announced, everybody was like, “Are you on it?!” and I was like, “I don't know! They'll bring me back when they want to bring me back.” I was really happy to get the opportunity this season.
Q: What was your reaction when you got the call this season?
A: My first reaction was, “Holy crap!” — which is a nicer word than what I actually used. [Laughs] What's cool is that it's Francesca at an earlier part in their life, so she's totally different from the Francesca we know from Breaking Bad. [She's] starting out with positivity and energy. She's so sweet. It's fun to delve into that, and I really didn't know what they were going to do with them until I got the scripts.
Q: How did playing this version of your character change your approach?
A: For me as an actor, everything's got to be rooted in some kind of reality. I know where they end up, so you have to at least begin in a place where you could end up at the place we already know. I took it script by script. I looked at what they were doing in the scene, what they wanted in that scene and tried not to get too sassy – that old Francesca sass from Breaking Bad. Since it is a lot of the same folks from Breaking Bad, the scripts are so detailed and amazing, and they give you the moves you need to make as an actor. You just have to let the script do the heavy lifting and trust the words. It was a lot of fun to explore.
Q: It's pretty clear that Kim and Jimmy aren't on the same page during Francesca's interview. What do they make of their partnership?
A: Well, something ain't right! They know that. They obviously have some kind of simpatico with Jimmy because they seem to really like them and it doesn't matter that they don't have a lot of credits on their resume. They seem to really be soft-balling up some questions for them to do well. With Kim, however, maybe [Francesca's] thinking she's a little competitive: “Is they competitive with me? I don't quite get what their vibe is except that she's a little stiff, so we'll see how this works out. But, hopefully, I'll just be working for him.” I think that's what's going on in them mind.
Q: Jimmy seems sold on Francesca from the very beginning. What do you think they see in her?
A: First and foremost, they just needs somebody. That commercial is about to air, and he's about to be hit with a deluge of calls. She's the first person there, so she's lucky that she's early. Secondly, I think there's that moment right when they first meet and they ask their opinion on the wall and if the line is straight. She's honest and says it doesn't look right, and I think they say, “Huh. This gal will tell me what it is.” For some reason, that moment always sticks out to me as to why he's sure she'll be honest with him, and it could be good.
Q: On the flip side, what does Francesca think of Jimmy? Why do you think these two are a good match for each other?
A: What's fun about it is we're both not quite our Breaking Bad people yet. They seem kind of goofy, they like to crack jokes and they seem like he'd probably be a fun boss, like maybe we'd go have happy hour or something. There's something about them that seems kind of fun, so maybe this will be an OK place to transition. Anything's better than the MVD, right? I feel like it's a step up from that, and they seem like a lot of fun to work for.
Q: What was the dynamic like between you and Bob since both of you are portraying very different versions of your characters? Was it familiar or challenging?
A: It always comes back to the scripts. The dynamic between Francesca and Jimmy at this point is he's lovable and goofy and trying their best to be good, and she's just starting out. Bob and I can vibe off of each other and sometimes things would happen in the room, and we would improv off of each other. I didn't feel I had to go home and do a lot of heavy homework, trying to figure out the chart to get to where she's going to go. You just trust the text to do the lifting. It's great working with Bob. He's a comedic genius. We had a lot of fun playing around with that stuff.
Q: What has the role of Francesca meant to you? Do you get recognized in public by Breaking Bad super fans?
A: I actually don't get recognized that much. I usually get recognized in bars when people have had a few drinks, which is hilarious to me. It's strange because lately, in the last four weeks, I've been recognized more than ever. I was like, “Are they running a marathon? What's going on?” It's been amazing. It has opened doors for my career as far as acting. I think I've definitely gotten in the room on some auditions because that's on my resume and gotten some jobs because some of the folks who worked on that show went on to direct other things. It was just such an amazing experience. One of the great things about going back this season is it's like a family reunion. It's just such a great vibe and everybody's supportive of the work that's happening, and they want the work to succeed. It's like no other set I've been on, frankly. I've had great experiences on other sets, don't get me wrong, but this is something unique and a really great group of people.
Q: What are you most excited about fans seeing this season?
A: I think people are going to be surprised that Francesca's so sweet and started in such a pure place before she's asking Walt for $20,000 outside of a broken glass window. It's a very different lady, and I think it will be fun to see where they go. As we worked through the season, I was like, “Man. How are we going to get from that to this?” So, I'm curious to see where they go. There are so many Easter eggs all the way through, and they've been so great at picking specific moments to pepper them in. I think the fans are really going to have a great time this season.
Read a Q&A with Bob Odenkirk, who plays Jimmy McGill.
Better Call Saul airs Mondays at 10/9c. For the latest information and exclusives sign up for the Insiders Club.
December 15, 2016 Bitterly cold air to come in waves across US into next week
By Alex Sosnowski, AccuWeather senior meteorologist December 15, 2016, 7:27:58 AM EST
In a few moments, you will be redirected to the newest version of this story.
Around the middle of December, an even colder blast of air will follow this past week's frigid conditions over the central and eastern U.S.
This next major push of arctic air will follow a series of snowstorms over part of the Northern states.
"The air mass on the way for the middle of December is likely to be substantially colder, when compared to that of this past week and this weekend," according to AccuWeather Lead Long-Range Meteorologist Paul Pastelok.
Temperatures from the northern and central Plains to much of the Midwest are likely to be 5 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit lower, on average, when compared to levels this past week.
High temperatures from the plains of Montana to portions of North Dakota and northern Minnesota may be at or slightly below zero for one or more days during the first part of next week. The lower temperatures will follow this week's highs in the single digits and teens for the same region.
In Chicago, highs in the 20s and lower 30s this past week will be replaced by highs in the teens by the middle of next week.
Factoring in wind, temperature and other conditions, AccuWeather RealFeel® Temperatures will plunge to dangerous levels over the North Central states.
A substantial temperature dip is likely across the interior South and Appalachians during the latter part of next week.
RELATED:
AccuWeather Winter Weather Center
Disruptive snow to sweep over midwestern US this weekend
Snow, wintry mix may cause delays and closures in northeastern US Monday
"The magnitude of the cold air that reaches the Atlantic and Gulf coasts is unclear at this time," Pastelok said.
On one hand, the cold air may quickly thrust into the Deep South and Interstate 95 corridor. However, it is possible that the coldest air may be held back from these areas.
"Should the latter scenario occur, temperatures may be within only a few degrees of the lowest point reached this weekend," Pastelok said. "We will have more information on the extent of the cold in these coastal areas by early next week."
Highs are likely to be in the 30s along the Interstate 95 corridor of the mid-Atlantic during the latter part of next week. There may be a day or two where temperatures fail to reach the freezing mark from Philadelphia and New York City to Boston.
There is potential for temperatures to trend lower in the South later next week as well. Should the cold air blast right in, a day or two with highs in the 30s could occur in Atlanta. Should the sky become clear and winds diminish at night, then a freeze could occur along portions of the Gulf Coast.
Yet another arctic air blast may travel from the northern Plains to the Southern and Eastern states with the Central states bearing the brunt of the cold later during the third week of December.
"For much of the Central and Eastern states, regardless of the exact temperatures, the coldest overall weather this month will occur during the middle part," Pastelok said.
There may be some good news for people who don't want midwinter cold around the holidays.
"We expect arctic air to retreat northward around Christmastime," Pastelok said.
However, this does not mean the weather will be mild and sunny throughout the nation.
The pattern may remain unsettled within a few days of Christmas with areas of difficult travel due to storms with rain, ice, snow, fog and gusty winds.
Report a Typo
Lonely Water Directed by Jeff Grant Narrated by Donald Pleasence Distributed by Central Office of Information Release date 1973 ( )
Running time 1 minute 29 seconds Country United Kingdom Language English
Lonely Water (widely known as The Spirit of Dark and Lonely Water) is a 1973 British Public Information short film made for the Central Office of Information (COI). The film aimed to warn children of the dangers of careless or foolhardy behaviour in the vicinity of water, and was shown regularly on TV for several years during breaks in children's programming. Lonely Water is widely recalled as one of the most memorable and chilling of PIFs. In a poll carried out by the BBC on the 60th anniversary of the COI in 2006, Lonely Water was chosen as the UK's fourth-favourite PIF of all time and the highest ranked one-off production.[1] Dozens of comments attested to the film's power and lasting impact on 1970s children.[2]
Background [ edit ]
Lonely Water was directed by Jeff Grant and written and produced by Christine Hermon for Illustra Films, having been commissioned by the COI as a result of official concern over the high number of child fatalities in drowning accidents in the UK. Other PIFs of the early 1970s to tackle the subject of water safety included an instalment of the Charley Says series and Learn to Swim featuring Rolf Harris, which were targeted at younger children and parents respectively. Lonely Water however was aimed squarely at the 7–12 age group and was altogether darker in tone, featuring an eerie faceless black-robed and cowled figure and a memorably sinister voiceover by Donald Pleasence, whose echoing final words "I'll be back-back-back....!" are often said semi-jokingly to have terrified and traumatised an entire generation of British schoolchildren. Writing for the British Film Institute, Katy McGahan says Lonely Water is "eerily redolent of Nicolas Roeg's Don't Look Now" and "plays like a distilled horror film, deploying the menacing tone and special effects normally the preserve of X-rated cinema shockers."[3]
Synopsis [ edit ]
The camera pans across a mist-shrouded expanse of water clogged with fallen trees and branches, with a ghostly black-clad figure hovering hazily on the water's surface. "I am the spirit of dark and lonely water: ready to trap the unwary, the showoff, the fool..." intones the voiceover, "...and this is the kind of place you'd expect to find me. But no-one expects to find me here. It seems too ordinary", as the scene switches to a group of children playing on the muddy edge of a murky pool. A boy is teetering on the steep, slippery bank attempting to retrieve a football from the pool with a stick. "But that pool is deep. The boy is showing off...the bank is slippery," says the spirit, approaching from behind as the child slips into the water.
"The unwary ones are easier still," observes the spirit, as a boy is seen fishing in a duckpond, leaning out over the water as they hold onto a tree branch. "This branch is weak, rotten; it'll never take their weight." The branch gives way and the boy tumbles into the pond as the spirit appears among the reeds.
A "Danger - No Swimming" sign appears on screen. "Only a fool would ignore this, but there's one born every minute." The lakeside is littered with rusting junk, and the bed of the lake is also strewn with hidden traps. A boy has gone swimming and got into trouble, waving their arms and floundering. "It's the perfect place for an accident." The struggling boy is spotted by a group of children who find a big stick with which to help them out of the water. "Sensible children!" says the spirit in exasperation as their robes collapse into a heap on the ground, "I have no power over them!" The boy is rescued, shivering. A girl is told to "go over and get that thing to wrap them in". They pick up the robes, but throws them into the water in disgust. (The girl's line, which baffled many viewers, is "Urgh...'orrible fing!" spoken in a strong London accent.) As the robes sink under the water, the spirit voices their famous echoing threat: "I'll be back!"
Production [ edit ]
The script for Lonely Water was written by Christine Hermon for the COI and passed to Jeff Grant for direction. Grant recalled the moment they received the script, "I read it and got a bit of a shock. Gone was the gentle cajoling of Rolf Harris, who had recently appeared in a public information film aimed at persuading children to learn to swim. This one plumbed the darkness; it set out to scare."[4] It was posited that the COI were being "irresponsible" and "foolhardy" with such a frightening script, though Grant praised the creative latitude it gave them as director, "something you more often than not had to fight for".
Lonely Water was filmed over two days a few miles north of London. Initial difficulties with the filming included getting the smoke to drift in the right direction, constructing a wooden platform for the spirit to stand on, and the noise of aircraft flying overhead due to the shooting location being close to Heathrow Airport. Planes can be heard in the tracking shot of the rusted cars and cookers, which were brought in specially for the filming.
Reception [ edit ]
Lonely Water has received virtual cult status due to living on in the minds of many of its viewers, who were mostly children at the time. Many of its viewers took notice of its message by not swimming in dangerous waters for safety's sake, or because the film had scared them so much that they never wanted to go swimming again.[5]
Migration offices in Sweden. Photo: Marcus Ericsson/TT
The Local · 31 May 2016, 07:49
Published: 31 May 2016 07:49 GMT+02:00
Using figures from Sweden's employment agency Arbetsförmedlingen and migration authorities Migrationsverket, SVT reported on Tuesday that 494 asylum seekers who arrived in 2015 have managed to find a job to support themselves while waiting for their application to get processed.
A person who arrives in Sweden with valid identification documents and has applied for asylum is normally allowed to work despite not yet having a work or residence permit, if Migrationsverket grants them an exception.
Such an exception is called the 'at-und' and usually gets processed automatically, reported SVT. However, only a third of asylum seekers aged 20-64 were given one in a year when Sweden received an unprecedented number of asylum claims.
“It was an incredible number of people applying for asylum in Sweden and so that we would be able to register all of them, we had to de-prioritize certain tasks, and that was the matter of jobs,” Migrationsverket officer Lisa Bergstrand told SVT.
The centre-left Social Democrat-Green government wants to hand out mainly temporary residence permits in the next three years, which would step up the pressure on asylum seekers to find work. A permanent permit could be offered after the first expires, if the person is able to support themselves.
But figures suggest that the gap between Swedes and foreign-born is likely to grow. In April, the unemployment rate among people born in Sweden was at its lowest since before the global financial crisis in 2008, falling to 4.7 percent. The equivalent among residents born abroad was 14.9 percent.
Long waiting times for residence permits, today up to a year, makes the matter all the more pressing. But Arbetsförmedlingen has little means of supporting asylum seekers looking for work.
“They may be registered in our database as unemployed, but they are only entitled to basic services, that is using our online services and talking to advisers. But there are no programme-based alternatives, that is no courses and no traineeships,” Fredrik Möller, integration officer at Arbetsförmedlingen, told SVT.
Story continues below…
Meanwhile, other initiatives are slowly emerging in Sweden. Earlier this month The Local wrote about Sana Abdullah , 30, an IT engineer who got a job after only seven months in Sweden through Sync Accelerator, a recruitment agency helping startups connect with asylum seekers.
The goal of our study was to assess if empiric β-lactams with or without vancomycin compared to vancomycin alone was associated with differences in outcomes in patients with MSSA bacteremia. We found no differences in all-cause mortality at 28 and 90 days, or hospital LOS between these two groups. Clearance of bacteremia was delayed by a median of 1 day in the vancomycin group. However, this outcome may have been confounded by the earlier receipt of empiric antibiotics in the β-lactam group (median 2 h). When we analyzed a subset of patients from the vancomycin group (n = 43) whose median time to receipt of empiric antibiotics was 1.97 h, the duration of bacteremia was still longer compared to the β-lactam group, but just shy of statistical significance (95.1 vs 70.7 h, p = 0.06), likely because of the reduced sample size. Therefore, it does not appear that time to receipt of empiric therapy had a major impact on time to clearance of bacteremia in our study. Despite the high prevalence of MRSA at both of our institutions (25 and 38 %), only 67.2 % of patients in the β-lactam group received vancomycin empirically as well. Perhaps the awareness of MRSA was low among some treating clinicians or patients who did not receive empiric vancomycin were judged to be at low risk for MRSA infection.
Interestingly, the differential time delay in receipt of empiric antimicrobials was unexpected. Patients in the β-lactam group generally received antibiotics well before the blood culture became positive, while patients in the vancomycin group tended to receive antibiotics shortly after the blood culture turned positive. The reason for this observation is likely multifactorial. First, β-lactam patients generally had more identifiable sources of bacteremia (i.e. more skin and soft tissue infections). Second, the higher prevalence of community-onset bacteremia suggests these patients may have had their first medical contact with the emergency department where sepsis protocols facilitated timely administration of antibiotics.
In the β-lactam group, patients who received empiric β-lactam plus vancomycin had a higher Pitt bacteremia score, experienced more metastatic complications and stayed in hospital longer than those who received empiric β-lactam monotherapy. The greater severity of illness in this combination subgroup may explain the initial use of broad-spectrum β-lactams (ceftriaxone or piperacillin–tazobactam), with subsequent de-escalation to cloxacillin or cefazolin during the empiric period by the infectious diseases consultant when S. aureus was identified in the blood culture. De-escalation occurred within a median of 23.1 h, which follows the time to positivity of the first blood culture (median 20 h). Despite differences in baseline characteristics and antimicrobials prescribed, mortality rates and time to clearance of bacteremia were similar between these subgroups.
Our study outcomes were similar to those reported in the literature. The overall 28- and 90-day mortality in our study was low at 18 (7.06 %) and 36 (14.1 %) respectively, but is within the range of 3.6–51.7 % described in a meta-analysis of patients with MSSA bacteremia from catheter-related infections and infective endocarditis by Cosgrove et al. [22]. Definite infective endocarditis was diagnosed in 36 (14.1 %) of our patients, which is similar to rates reported in previous studies [10, 14, 16, 23, 24].
The median duration of bacteremia was longer in the vancomycin compared to the β-lactam group (4 vs 3 days) in our study. In a similar study by Khatib et al. [3], clearance of bacteremia was delayed (duration ≥3 days) more often in patients who received empiric vancomycin (57.6 %) compared to those who received empiric β-lactams (37.5 %). They reported no difference in all-cause or attributable mortality between groups.
We did not find any differences in mortality between treatment groups in our study. In contrast, Lodise et al. [17] demonstrated that empiric β-lactam was associated with lower infection-related mortality than with empiric vancomycin monotherapy (11.4 vs 39.3 %, p = 0.005) among injection drug users with predominantly right-sided MSSA infective endocarditis. Even when patients were switched from vancomycin to a semi-synthetic penicillin within a median of 3 days, infection-related mortality remained high at 40.9 %. The overall mortality in Lodise's cohort was unusually high at 22.2 % compared to a rate of 0–4 % described in a systematic review by Yung et al. [25]. The largest study to date by McDanel et al. revealed that empiric β-lactam therapy (predominantly piperacillin–tazobactam and ceftriaxone) compared to vancomycin was not associated with differences in mortality in patients with MSSA bacteremia [15]. However, this study excluded patients who received empiric vancomycin plus β-lactams, did not address microbiological cure, and evaluated empiric regimens independent of the definitive antimicrobial therapy prescribed.
We included a large proportion of patients who received empiric treatment with optimal anti-MSSA agents (cloxacillin or cefazolin), whereas previous observational studies have either failed to specify the β-lactam agents used or enrolled patients who received mostly broad-spectrum β-lactams. This is an important point because not all β-lactams have equal efficacy against MSSA. As demonstrated in one study, empiric cefazolin or cloxacillin was associated with improved short-term survival compared to empiric regimens containing other β-lactams [26]. Therefore, the ideal study is one that compares a semi-synthetic anti-Staphylococcal penicillin or cefazolin to vancomycin.
Our study has several limitations. The reason for the lack of difference in the primary outcome is likely multifactorial. Because of the low event rate in both groups, our study was potentially underpowered to detect a significant difference in mortality. The lower than expected death rate may be partly due to the exclusion of patients who died within 24 h of the diagnosis of SAB and of patients who remained on broad-spectrum β-lactams. This group may have represented a sicker population and thus, we may have selected for less critically ill patients. The absence of matching with respect to baseline characteristics and the retrospective nature of the study may have also contributed to a lack of difference in the primary outcome. Obtaining subsequent blood cultures was often delayed, which may have led to an overestimation of the duration of bacteremia. However, this effect was likely balanced between both groups. Data regarding adverse effects were not collected due to the difficulty of establishing drug-related events in a retrospective study. A randomized controlled trial would be ideal to address our study question because it would provide better matching of patient baseline characteristics and control of antimicrobials prescribed, and permit prospective monitoring of adverse drug effects. In such a study, daily blood cultures would need to be collected to determine the exact date of clearance of bacteremia. As well, more accurate estimation of the expected mortality rates between groups would be needed when calculating the required sample size. Collaboration between the medical microbiology laboratory, infectious diseases service and antimicrobial flight attendantship team is essential to execute such a trial.
Until we have more concrete evidence from future prospective studies, the benefit of adding a β-lactam to empiric therapy for MSSA bacteremia remains unclear. Ultimately, the choice of empiric regimen will depend on patient factors, the prevalence of MRSA in the population, and the ability of the microbiology laboratory to rapidly differentiate MSSA from MRSA.
In conclusion, empiric therapy with β-lactams was associated with earlier clearance of bacteremia by a median of 1 day compared to vancomycin, but was not associated with differences in all-cause mortality or hospital LOS in patients with MSSA bacteremia. Our data should be interpreted with caution however, as major differences in the baseline characteristics between the groups may have overshadowed any potential treatment effect. Future prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings. For now, empiric treatment with vancomycin is reasonable if the prevalence of MRSA is significant. The addition of a β-lactam agent could be considered in critically ill patients.
The United States has issued a Europe-wide travel alert to its citizens warning them of possible terror attacks this summer. It mentions high profile events but there was no specific threat information.
This alert was issued just as they always are based on accumulation of information John Kirby US State Department spokesperson
In its alert the US State Department named the 2016 Euro football tournament being held in France, the Tour de France cycle race, and the Catholic Church's World Youth Day Event scheduled this July in Poland. It said all represent potential targets for terrorists.
State Department spokesperson John Kirby later provided some context for the alert.
“I'm not aware of any specific, credible terrorist threat around these events or in any particular place in Europe. This alert was issued just as they always are based on accumulation of information.”
Local US media outlets have already picked up on the warning:
TRAVELALERT: US warns traveling Americans of potential terror attacks in Europe this summer https://t.co/sb02EKMpNtpic.twitter.com/sGObwzNRd3 — WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) May 31, 2016
France which remains a leading tourist destination, has already reviewed security protocols at the Stade de France in Paris – a site already targeted by suicide bombers last November. The stadium will host the opening match of the Euro championships on June 10.
The government has also extended a state of emergency across the country which was imposed after the Paris attacks. It also says its intends to employ anti-drone technology during the period of the football tournament along with 90,000 police, soldiers and private security agents.
The French government has also published a list of extra measures it plans to employ.
The US warning, which is only the third in 20 years for Europe, also covers restaurants, transport and several tourist sites.
CLICK FOR FOLLOW-UP: LOOKS LIKE THE DNC FAILED TO PROTECT CREDIT CARD DATA AS REQUIRED BY LAW!
WORKING LINK (Password is (GuCCif3r_2.0) parentheses included:
List of top DNC donors who also got plum ambassadorships…
https://twitter.com/jlangdale/status/775819712844304389
https://twitter.com/jlangdale/status/775817755186515968
https://twitter.com/cinn_78/status/775821327861153792
FRESH FROM THE LEAK:
2009-04-28-combined-ofa-dnc-hosting-proposal 2009-04-28-custom-development-proposal
DNC REDISTRICTING PROPOSAL:
I am requesting the DNC's support in transitioning into a role as a redistricting technical consultant to the DNC, allowing me to spend more time working directly with Democratic legislative caucuses in the states. This arrangement benefits all involved.
Overview
The DNC is in a strong position for redistricting. The DNC's data resources will be of incredible importance. We have favorable contracts with important redistricting vendors; we have done preparatory work on some of the major challenges in redistricting data, such as projections of population and voter trends; and have strong relationships with national organizations involved in the process.
However, our relationships with individual state legislative caucuses – where the work is done — are weak. Working through the state parties – while necessary – adds a political complication that is hard to overcome, and limits our ability to directly provide leg caucuses with the data and services they need. Being able to work with both legislatures and the DNC would ensure that the DNC's contributions are used and appreciated, and that states make the most of the resources available to them.
Proposal
I would propose continuing to assist the DNC with development of its core redistricting data products and services: 1) state-by-data datasets containing population and voter statistics at the census block level, integrating the official 2010 census numbers, and projections for 2012 and 2014 for these numbers; 2) Training and recruitment of technical support staff, including GIS and data training; 3) assistance working with national organizations, state parties and legislative caucuses. I suspect this work would take 75% of my own time through April.
In the period April-July, I would likely need to spend more time working directly with states. They will need technical infrastructure – computers and plotters and networks – in addition to redistricting databases and GIS software. I will find contract staff where necessary to work individually with states on a full-time basis, and ensure the DNC is fully staffed and covered when I am not available.
Later in the summer, I suspect the focus will shift towards preparing for litigation. Data will be a crucial part of these cases. Lawyers and expert witnesses will need to understand how we constructed the data and what the important pieces are. In places where Republicans control the process, we will need to provide strong arguments that they are going beyond reasonable bounds in gerrymandering districts along racial and political lines. Where we control the process, we'll need to show that our districts do not dilute minority influence, that our districts are purely partisan gerrymanders (so far protected by the Supreme Court), and not in violation of the myriad other opaque precedents that currently govern redistricting. The growth in Hispanic population – lacking equal growth in citizen voting-age population – will result in new legal challenges that will require massive amounts of data research and preparation to defend adequately in court. Redistricting case law, which is clear in only a very small number of instances, will likely be re-examined in the 2nd half of 2011 in both state and federal courts, with data underpinning every argument.
Conclusion
I am convinced that by working as a DNC consultant in addition to a redistricting consultant to Democratic legislative caucuses, I could provide a crucial link between the Legislatures and the DNC – a relationship that is not assured at this time, and would be immensely valuable to Democrats' success in the redistricting process by maximizing our resources.
Injured owl rescued by CHP officers from Highway 101 in Santa Rosa
An owl rescued last week by a pair of on-duty CHP officers on Highway 101 is recovering from injuries suffered after being apparently struck by a vehicle.
CHP Officer Justin Fetterly responded to a call about 12:30 p.m. Friday from dispatchers reporting the injured owl next to the center divider near the Hearn Avenue exit, authorities said.
Fetterly said they put on their leather gloves and with the help of another officer, Brian Wood, cornered the owl.
“It tried to spread its wings and fly, but it could only hop,” they said.
They used an emergency blanket to scoop up the bird and then drove with the animal in their lap to an emergency animal hospital in Santa Rosa.
“He was pretty calm once I held him,” said Fetterly, a five-year CHP veteran.
Volunteer Brad Marsh then brought the owl to the Santa Rosa-based Bird Rescue Center to receive more comprehensive care, said Ashton Kluttz, director of avian care for the nonprofit facility.
An exam found the owl had swelling on its left shoulder, damage to its left eye and suffered coordination problems, Kluttz said. The injuries were most likely sustained from being struck by a vehicle, they said.
“Right now, it is improving daily,” they said.
Once the animal is stable enough, Kluttz said, the owl will be examined by an ophthalmologist. Even with only one functioning eye, the owl can be eventually released back into the wild, they said.
Kluttz said that rescue animals are not given names by staff as most will be eventually rehabilitated and released. Instead, they receive intake numbers.
“It happens to be in this case the owl got 911,” they said.
You can reach Staff Writer Bill Swindell at 521-5223 or bill.swindell@pressdemocrat.com. On Twitter @BillSwindell.
0 Mayor Reed calls the latest Beltline groundbreaking a game changer
ATLANTA - Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed says this is a great week for the City of Atlanta with the groundbreaking happening on the Atlanta Beltline Westside Trail.
Channel 2's Craig Lucie talked one-on-one with Reed Monday afternoon to talk about the major project, security and costs for this brand-new 3-mile addition to the Beltline.
“It's neighborhood connectivity, built out in 24 months and the big conversation with Beltline and would it ever reach southwest Atlanta and give us true connectivity. Well, this this really ends that conversation,” Reed said.
The Westside Trail will connect the northeast quadrant of the city to southwest Atlanta running from University Avenue in Adair Park, to Lena Street at Washington Park.
“This is the largest expansion of the Beltline since its inception. It is a $43 million westward expansion project toward southwest Atlanta,” Reed said.
Atlanta received an $18 million grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The Georgia Department of Transportation allowed the purchase of land with a $9.5 million match and the remaining costs came from public funds and private donations.
Reed said it's the most significant revitalization project not just in the U.S., but in the world.
“We got federal approval in nine months that would have taken 24 months, so this is an expedited projected. The philanthropic community also came together in a way I have never seen,” Reed said.
The path will be 14-feet wide with 30-feet of right-of-way attached to the pathway.
Security cameras will be installed along the trail and Lucie asked Reed what the city will do to keep the new stretch safe.
“We have a 15-officer force dedicated solely to the Atlanta Beltline. In 2014, we have had less than four violent incidents on the Beltline and the Beltline has more than one million visitors,” Reed said.
Reed called this a game changer and added that the city is on a roll with more than $2 billion in construction permits.
The official groundbreaking ceremony will be held on Wednesday.
Okay, this one is just for fun. Here are some funny zombie pictures that I've collected over the years. The whole zombie genre is so gory and gross, it's nice to sometimes break out of the blood, bile and butchery and enjoy a little humor.
Probably the most truthful pie chart regarding the zombie apocalypse
The evolution of zombies
Before you start hacking and slashing, take a moment to remember…
And since they were people at one point…some of them are more superficial than others
When the zombies come, keep calm and bury on
Seems like a good idea, until that generator runs out of juice
Screw the treadmills, just line your house with these
Identify what you're up against
Which brings us to…
Odds are, you're going to be a zombie, not a hero. Better study up
When ordering, don't forget about the zombie food pyramid guidelines
Try to blend in
We're all thinking it
This is just one more reason why I'm a runner
These guys just can't catch a break
Except they can't open doors, grab anything to eat or do much of anything else. But, dying of dehydration in a swarm of zombies may be better than getting ripped apart.
This guy picked Palin to be a running mate, so I'm not so sure he's interested in brains
Again, we're all thinking it
One of the greatest internet comics takes on zombies
The family that slays together, stays together
Okay, you had your laugh. Now go see what you need to be prepared for the zombie apocalypse.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
West Ham co-chairpeople David Gold and David Sullivan would welcome new investment at the club but have no immediate plans to sell the Hammers, according to Gold's daughter Jacqueline.
The pair purchased West Ham in 2010, having previously owned Birmingham City, and led the east Londoners to their best ever Premier League points tally this season.
West Ham are set to move into the Olympic Stadium this summer, which will help the east Londoners compete with the division's elite as their capacity will increase to 60,000.
The relocation is also expected to boost the club's value significantly, but Gold's daughter is adamant their father and Sullivan are not willing to relinquish control.
"I know that David Sullivan and my father David Gold absolutely love West Ham," they told City AM.
"I am sure that they would welcome investment but they absolutely love this club and I have never heard of any plans to be selling it off.
West Ham striker transfer targets 6 show all West Ham striker transfer targets 1/6 Carlos Bacca - AC Milan Marco Luzzani/Getty Images 2/6 Carlos Tevez - Boca Juniors SHAUN CURRY/AFP/Getty Images 3/6 Jonathan Calleri - São Paulo 4/6 Theo Walcott - Arsenal 5/6 Christian Benteke - Liverpool 6/6 Alexandre Lacazette - Lyon 1/6 Carlos Bacca - AC Milan Marco Luzzani/Getty Images 2/6 Carlos Tevez - Boca Juniors SHAUN CURRY/AFP/Getty Images 3/6 Jonathan Calleri - São Paulo 4/6 Theo Walcott - Arsenal 5/6 Christian Benteke - Liverpool 6/6 Alexandre Lacazette - Lyon
"We might sell a minority shareholding to clear our debts, but in all probability our kids will take over from us.
"We love West Ham, we're not going anywhere," they added.
West Ham will compete in the Europa League next season - if they navigate a qualifying round - and Sullivan has spoken of their desire to make a "statement of intent" in the transfer market.
Two occurrences last week demonstrate how the growing secular demographic is influencing policy discussion in the United States. conservative backlash is on display in both instances, and can be understood as a reaction to the increased visibility and activism of the secular movement.
In Illinois we see an anti- group placing a billboard warning voters that Senator Dick Durbin received an “A Rating from the Atheist Lobby.” The billboard, dark and foreboding, depicts Durbin as a shadowy figure and states that they “worked with atheists and the IRS against religious freedom.”
It's difficult to envision a similar campaign that so openly disparages a legitimate minority group. Imagine a similar sign warning voters that Durbin received an A Rating from the Jewish Lobby or the Mormon Lobby, for example. There would be outrage, and those placing the ad would be questioned and criticized for their presumptively negative depiction of the group. The outdated assumption in the ad is that Illini voters are so hateful toward atheists that Durbin will lose support just by being associated with nonbelievers. That might have worked in the McCarthy era, but not today.
Indeed, the very fact that there is an “Atheist Lobby” demonstrates the remarkable advancement of the secular demographic in the last decade. The “A Rating” to which the billboard refers comes from the Secular Coalition for America, a coalition of over a dozen atheist and humanist groups from around the country that have joined forces to urge legislators to protect church-state separation and the rights of nonbelievers. A generation ago such a lobby would have been unthinkable, but today it's a sign of this rising demographic.
The second high-profile anti-atheist swipe came from Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who told a crowd at Colorado Christian University that nonbelievers are just plain wrong when they expect equality from their : “I think the main fight is to dissuade Americans from what the secularists are trying to persuade them to be true: that the separation of church and state means the government cannot favor religion over nonreligion.”
It's not just “the secularists," however, who expect government neutrality on religious matters, a fact that even Scalia concedes as they acknowledge that governing law today requires that “the state must be neutral.” But they then quickly dismisses that current legal standard as badly misguided. “That's just a lie,” they said.
If we probe a bit, we can see why Scalia is taking the position that the Constitution allows favoritism of religion over nonreligion. After all, if neutrality and equality are required, all the anti-atheist aspects of governmental activity – from “under God” in the Pledge of Allegiance to “In God We Trust” as the national motto (two gestures that are sure to remind atheists that they are second-class citizens) – fail to pass muster.
Scalia is a smart guy, and they can see the writing on the wall. Back when almost all atheists were in hiding and therefore unable to their rights as valid citizens – which has been the case for most of Scalia's life – they could be ignored as government officials pandered to religious interest groups that were largely unopposed in their expectations of favoritism. But now that seculars are actually standing up and demanding to be taken seriously (even promoting visible secularity through efforts such as Openly Secular ), it becomes necessary for Scalia and their religious right companions to make the bold claim: religious Americans deserve special treatment as a matter of law, and government should play favorites.
Scalia realizes that this position is intellectually necessary if one wants to advocate for God in government as atheists stand up and demand equality. Many seculars find Scalia's claim appalling, but we should thank them for honestly defining the issue. As they say, the primary question in today's culture wars is whether the religious deserve special status over the nonreligious. Many seculars would be happy to answer that question: No, they don't.
So even if it seemed like atheists were a punching bag last week, it should be some consolation that the punches were thrown as a reaction to successful secular activism. The atheists are coming, and not everyone's happy about it.
See David Niose's forthcoming new book, Fighting Back the Right: Reclaiming America from the Attack on Reason
Follow Dave on Twitter: @ahadave
A Blackberry logo hangs behind a Canadian flag at their offices on the day of their annual general meeting for shareholders in Waterloo, Canada June 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File Photo
TORONTO (Reuters) - BlackBerry Ltd (BB.TO) said on Thursday it has won the right to sell tools for encrypting phone calls and text messages to the U.S. federal government, garnering an endorsement from the National Security Agency for the products.
The company said it received the endorsement from the NSA's National Information Assurance Partnership, or NIAP, which reviews commercial technology products to see if they meet enhanced security standards for government use.
NIAP has also endorsed tools from BlackBerry rivals that outplayed BlackBerry in consumer smartphones, including Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Samsung Electronics (005930.KS).
The fear that eavesdroppers are listening in to government communications has risen sharply in recent years, with an unencrypted mobile phone call between a senior U.S. State Department officer and the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine intercepted and leaked online in early 2014.
The tools are based on technology from Secusmart, which BlackBerry acquired in 2014 after the German startup won a contract to lock down Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone in the wake of claims by a former U.S. intelligence contractor that it was tapped by the NSA.
German prosecutors in 2015 dropped an inquiry into claims that Merkel's phone was bugged, saying they had not found enough evidence to continue the probe.
BlackBerry said its encrypted voice and text messaging products are used by government agencies in 20 countries in Europe, Latin America, southeast Asia and Africa.
Germany is its biggest government customer.
An ongoing battle, which went public in 2010, arrived in Santa Clara, California on February 17th. A technological company in China, Proview Technology, wants Apple to pay them $1.6 billion to compensate for their alleged trademark infringement on the ‘iPad' name. I know what you're thinking. Apple has the iPhone, the iPod, the iTouch; how is the name ‘iPad' not theirs? Well, it's kind of a complicated story.
The first thing you need to know is that Proview's mother company, Proview International Holdings Ltd., which has its headquarters in Hong Kong, has many subsidiary companies with the name Proview Technology. So back in 2000, Proview Technology, Taiwan registered the name ‘iPad' in several countries; then one year later, Proview Technology, Shenzhen registered the name in China. The name was never successfully used, and Proview Technology, Taipei sold its global rights to a British company. In turn, that company sold the ‘iPad' trademark to Apple in 2009 for $54,616.
As far as Apple is concerned, they bought the name fair and square and are not responsible for a company's faulty internal affairs. Proview Technology, Shenzhen however, is adamant on assuming the rights of the trademark in Chinese mainland. Apple did try to sue them in Shenzhen for infringement, but the court denied the suit. The first time Proview sued Apple was in 2010 when it asked for $800 million in trademark infringement repairs. Apple counter-sued, but neither case provided a resolution.
Now, the situation is much more heated. Chinese officials have seized iPads being sold in Shijazhuang and Zhengzhou because they believe them to be illegal products. In Shanghai however, where there is three large Apple stores, iPad sales have not been halted as Pudong District Court rejected Proview's request for an injunction. Other Apple-Proview battles are taking place in other Chinese states like Hong Kong and southern province, Guangdong as well. Many of the lower courts have been siding with Proview, and in fact, Apple's appeal to the Guangdong High Court was to be held yesterday.
Proview's main argument is very simple: someone cannot sell something that does not belong to them. The one and only owner of the ‘iPad' name within China was Proview Technology, Shenzhen. It was not the entity which sold to Apple, therefore the sale was not valid. Legally and technically, their argument is solid. But we're not talking about a random, irrelevant company claiming rights and selling on their behalf; we're talking about the very same company in a different region. Apple's mistake was an easy one to make and not an intentional, malicious act.
As an American and an Apple lover, it's very easy for me to say that Apple has done nothing wrong. However, I do acknowledge the complex situation that Proview International Holdings Ltd., a very branched out company that used to have over 7000 employees, found itself in. If the courts prove that Apple indeed incorrectly purchased rights to the ‘iPad' name, then I suppose the right thing would be to give up the rights in China and/or pay Proview. Similar to many other infringement cases regarding intellectual property, such as Kodak's lawsuit against Apple or Yahoo's lawsuit against Facebook, the suing party is looking to make a large sum of money that is desperately needed.
Proview is no different; it is deep in debt and risks being removed from the Hong Kong stock exchange. Just recently, it was discovered that Proview is actually facing bankruptcy. Back in 2008, its ordinary computer monitor business fell apart, leaving it to depend solely on its production of LED street lights. Now, an insurance company based in Taiwan, Fubon Insurance, is waiting to collect $8.68 million in debt, money that Proview does not have. The $1.6 billion they demand from Apple will more than save them from foundering, but Fubon is not too hopeful in that respect and refuses to wait for the outcome.
We can be sure that Apple does value the ‘iPad' name and intellectual property as a whole. They themselves have recently warned a Chinese luggage vendor, Chinese Firm EBox Digital Technology Product, to discontinue its ‘EPAD' trademark, which too closely resembles ‘iPad.' The company is now planning a formal response that will shut down Apple's complaint, which they believe, is ungrounded. Apple's thoughts on both this matter and the Proview matter are still unannounced. Apple plans to fight Proview in the courts and has no inclination to silence them with money. That is a very smart move on Apple's part because they know very well that succumbing to Proview's monetary demands will be the catalyst for more problems regarding intellectual property. Many consumers wonder: will they change the name of the iPad in China? How about worldwide? Though the answer is not definite, Apple's confident attitude about being the true owner of the trademark suggests that the iPad is planning on keeping its pad in China.
The selection of a winner to take on the largest new infrastructure project in the city will have to wait at least another month.
The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey has not yet selected the consortium it wants to take on the $3.6 billion redevelopment of LaGuardia Airport's Central Terminal, the largest new public-works project in the New York City region, according to sources. The delay will push the long-awaited announcement of who will develop and operate the mega-project to the authority's Oct. 22 board meeting. The Port initially anticipated it would pick a team by end of the third quarter, but sources say it won't take up the project in its final meeting of the quarter, scheduled for Wednesday— its last chance to meet that deadline. The bistate agency has pushed back naming the developer of the project for several months, according to sources. They stress, however, that the delays so far are minor, given the large scope and complexity of the project, which could take more than five years to complete. "A few months isn't the issue," said Joe Sitt, a large New York City landlord who is the founder and chairperson of airport advocacy group the Global Gateway Alliance. "What matters to us is New York getting a 21st-century terminal that starts the process of changing LaGuardia's perception from 'Third World' to 'world class.' " Three teams are competing for the opportunity to build and operate the terminal. They are Vantage Airport Group, Skanska, Parsons Brinckerhoff and other partners; Lend Lease, Turner Construction, Macquarie Capital Group, Hochtief AirPort GmbH and partners; and Goldman Sachs, Aéroports de Paris and Tutor Perini, Zachry Construction, Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates PC and partners.
The work will be structured as a public-private partnership, in which the developer will pay most of the project's cost, and in return will get to keep a portion of the revenue it reaps from the airlines that use the terminal and from retail and restaurant users of the space. The setup is common for major infrastructure construction projects overseas, but until recently has been rarely used in the U.S.
My name is Atahualpa. I am the director of "Grutas de Tolantongo".
I live in the small village of Sosnavar, 8 hours from the US/Mexican border. Since 1994 with the passage of NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement), Mexicans have seen millions of mostly poor campesinos forced from their farms and head north to the U.S in search of jobs. At the same time, U.S. corporations closed factories, putting millions of North Americans out of work, moving their businesses to the Global South.
Both countries have suffered enormously.
I believe that there are alternatives to migration for many people in my country. One of these alternatives is Grutas de Tolantongo, and that is the subject of my story.
My film will take you into another world where years ago 139 families amazingly and cooperatively joined together to form a tourist destination unlike Cancun, Acapulco or any of the other Mexican beaches.
Imagine driving through a hot desert about 2 1/2 hours from Mexico City in the State of Hidalgo, with cacti and a few pulque signs, and you suddenly find yourself being embraced by this magical canyon and tropical plants, where a tourquoise river is surrounded by dozens of hot springs, ,cabins, small hotels, inviting pools and mysterious caves.You will have arrived at Tolantongo, a successful cooperative where for years members of this community have been able to work democratically on their land. They share equitably both in the profits and also invest for the future creating a sustainable, remarkable business for all.I believe that there are alternatives to migration for many people in my country.
They have no need to migrate north to the US or to the bigger cities of Mexico. They work beside their parents,families,relatives and friends. Their cooperative is incredibly unique in that every year each member changes their job duties at the hot springs. One year that person might order the supplies; another, work in the office; or clean the hot springs; or work at the gate. Everyone is paid an equal share and everyone is a member with one vote. Their monthly assembly resolves inequities, makes decisions for the future and celebrates their wonderful life.
I'm asking your help to complete this film both for Mexicans in the US and also in Mexico. Tolantongo can serve as a social business model that provides a partial solution to migration; one that people from every political persuasion can support.
Our goal is to show that cooperatives are a sustainable, equitable way to work and live. They provide meaningful and empowering jobs for the community, lending much needed stability to a rich culture.
The men and women do not have to migrate from their lands. This model cooperative could be adapted to many different areas of Mexico as well any situation where workers are ready to control their own livelihoods.
With your assistance and tax free donations, this documentary will be used to make a difference in the lives of many for years to come.
We have already raised over $5000 for this project. These funds have been used to gather most of our bulk video and produce our trailer. This project is focused on getting another $25,000 to complete the project. These donations will enable us to; finish interviews with community elders, edit our library of footage, complete post production work, music layering, website creation and film promotion materials. Our budget is available for your review, Contact us for details.
The film's director is Atahualpa Caldera Sosa, Biologist, Master in Integrated Watershed Management, founder of the Group of Environmental Interdisciplinary Action and founder of the Eco-Village "Los Carrizos" where they currently live, promoting permaculture and sustainable living.  They are a collaborator of the Center for Global Justice for more than five years as a board member. They collaborated on several documentaries with renowned documentary maker Francesco Taboada Tabone. The films in which they have participated are "Pancho Villa, The Revolution is not over", "13 villages in defense of water, land and air," "Tin Tan", "Shamans, Knowing and Tlatoanis". Currently Atahualpa Caldera is making another documentary about the Laja River in the state of Guanajuato.
Check out the great Perks. Most importantly, become part of a long term solution to the immigration fiasco. Whether you come from a liberal or conservative perspective, we can all agree that building cooperatives that create meaningful work within local communities is a fantastic model. With few exceptions, everyone would prefer to stay in their native community, with their family. Given the chance, cooperatives can achieve these powerful goals. Spread the word. Like us on facebook. Make use of the Indiegogo campaign tools. And Thanks.
Visit the documentary's Indiegogo page to make a donation
Go to the GEO front page
It was twenty-five years ago on Monday that the Exxon Valdez oil spill set off one of the most devastating environmental disasters in United States history. Years later, that oil couldn't possibly be still affecting the ecosystem, right? Bad news, even twenty-five years later, it remains on the beaches.
On March 24th, 1989 an oil tanker ran aground on the Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound. The accident caused 11 million gallons of oil to spill out into the surrounding water and onto the shore. This spill devastated wildlife such as herring and salmon spawning runs. Today, the effected wildlife like sea otters and pink salmon are still recovering from the dramatic loss of population. Earlier in February, the soil and water surrounding the area where the spill occurred was tested to see if the area was still influenced by the crude oil. The scientists found that most of the chemicals found in the area 11 days after the incident were still found there today, the scientists found lingering oil on boulders on the surrounding beaches as well as a lingering, foamy mousse-like emulsion in the ocean and on the shore that had them baffled. The question that comes to mind is how did this oil on the beaches of the Prince William Sound get missed? The beaches were steam cleaned after the old spill, and yet the physical residue of oil still remains on the boulders.
Scientists at the 2014 Ocean Sciences Meeting speculate that the foamy emulsion is likely the cause. The outside of the emulsion is weathering, but the inside becomes what these scientists describe as mayonnaise. This thick pasty liquid is made up oil that has mixed with seawater. When it washed up on shore, it nestled itself under boulders and rocks, the undersides of which were never cleaned.
This testing shows that the effects of oil spills linger in the area long after the visual effects have been cleaned away. These long term results spell further trouble for the ecosystem in the Gulf of Mexico after the BP oil disaster as well as other areas affected by lesser oil spills. The effort to assure that these affected ecosystems are restored so that they can heal is literally one that demands that no stone go unturned.
Content: Borderlands: The Handsome Collection
Check pre-order price and availability in your Xbox LIVE region
Game Description: XBOX ONE GAME EXPECTED TO RELEASE ON 3/24/2015. YOU MAY DOWNLOAD THE GAME FROM XBOX LIVE BEFORE THEN, BUT IT WILL NOT BE PLAYABLE UNTIL 12:01 AM EST ON THE RELEASE DATE. Once purchase is complete, download this game by selecting the “Manage” button on the product details page on your console.
Borderlands: The Handsome Collection includes the definitive versions of both Borderlands 2 and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, built specifically for next-gen consoles. For the first time in the franchise's history, play four-player split screen on a single television, all in stunning high definition. Experience the entire Handsome Jack saga (including all available bonus add-on content as of March 24, 2015). Continue the adventure by transferring your previous saves on your Xbox 360 to your Xbox One with the new cross-save functionality.
This has been around for a little while, yet without a doubt deserves a spot on this site.
This is notoriously known as the “first zombie-proof house”, which is a bold claim remaining untested. (Money-back guarantee?)
At casa de no-zombie the house can basically go into hibernation mode completely sealing itself off from the outside world (and sneak attacks from the undead)
It has an extendable draw-bridge to gain access in and out when leaving to salvage food/weapons. And when things “die down” a bit, the patio opens up for quite evening outdoors.
It appears to be encased in durable glass on the lower levels, eliminating claustrophobia while giving clear view to your killzones.
We aren't told, but I'm sure land-mines surround the property that remain dormant until activated.
Rock on, zombie proof house…rock on.
souce
Much better source with more details and more pics here!
Thanks Redditer twofeetcia for the heads-up.
Advertisements
SHARE ME! Facebook
Email
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading... Related
June 13, 2011
Categories: random . Tags:house, zombie, zombie proof . Author: mastadave2999
2 Comments
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
When you are a child, there are a few places that remain special for the rest of your life. For me, it was a ramshackle stadium in Dublin over a hundred miles from the house I grew up in. The journey to get to the old Lansdowne Road on those glorious Saturdays for a Five Nations game with my Dad was rare and cherished.
It started with a concerted campaign for my Dad to get tickets for an upcoming rugby international to watch Ireland in the famous old ground in Dublin 4. By international standards, even in the 1990s, the ground was small and shabby. This reflected the Irish rugby team I grew up watching.
They were huge lumps of men covered in baggy green jerseys that embarrassingly never seemed to fit them properly, the sleeves always flapping awkwardly at the arms. The teams of that era are freezeframed in my mind, hunched under the posts, poorly sheltered from the wind and the rain battering them as they tried to make sense of how they had conceded yet another soft try to their neighbours across the sea.
That the Ireland team of that era was a haphazard collection of bankers, students, teachers and even a vet who had a collective ability to lose by huge margins mattered very little to me. I just wanted to pretend that one day my Dad and I might see a miracle and actually see us win a game.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ireland v France at the Five Nations in March 1995. Simon Geoghegan scored a try but Ireland still lost. Photograph: Popperfoto/Getty Images
Getting tickets to international games at Lansdowne Road was a complex affair. The tickets came exclusively through the intricate web of clubmen across the island. My father was not a member, so they had to utilise whatever contacts they had to try to find two tickets to pacify their restless son.
Demand outstripped supply often, and despite my pleas, we were left empty-handed come matchdays more often than not. We sat at home and listened to Bill McClaren trying to explain another try against my flawed Irish heroes. It was extremely rare when Dad managed to get those golden tickets, and the moment was cherished by both of us. The excitement would last for weeks in the leadup to the game.
Intricate planning went into the day. Dad always took their green and white knitted bobble hat my Gran had knitted them as a boy; it would win no fashion awards, but they insisted on wearing it as they said it would bring the team luck. Unfortunately, it rarely did. I was wrapped up against the Dublin chill with the short green lambswool scarf my Dad had bought for me to my first match against France in 1995. I always tied it to make sure the shamrock with the rugby ball in the middle was there for all to see.
My dad had a magician's knack of winding our old car through the maze of streets and small houses near the stadium to get the perfect parking space that would enable a quick escape afterwards. We got out of the car and I instantly was in familiar surroundings. The distinct smoky smell, the sight of a city decked in green for the day, and the often ill placed optimism from the fans flocking to the ground. “Jaysus, if we can just ship the ball to Geoghegan, we'll give them a game of it.”
Simon Geoghegan was the shining light of the Irish rugby team in those days. They were blonde, they were a solicitor, they were raised in England and they were far too good for our often hapless team. They should have had the good sense to play for the country of their birth, but they were loyal to the land of their father. A winger by trade, they patrolled the muddy touchline patiently for 80 minutes waiting for a ball that rarely came to him.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Simon Geoghegan playing for Ireland in 1995. Photograph: Colorsport/Rex/Shutterstock
Their forwards understood their frustrations, but they were trying hard enough just to survive in scrums and rucks where they were getting pummelled and humiliated. On the rare times they did get the ball, Geoghegan rarely disappointed, lifting the capacity crowd to their feet in acclaim at their speed and ability to change direction at the last possible moment, just before they were going to be ceremonially beheaded by their opposite number. With Geoghegan in our team, we dreamed that anything was possible.
Walking up to the stadium you crossed the canal and the elderly women with their huge antique prams filled with sweets and soft drinks for sale. I always asked for a programme to commemorate the day, Dad always humoured me and bought one. I would sit before the game, listing off the interesting facts as I read it studiously. Did they know our famed hooker Keith Wood was a bank clerk in Limerick? They did. Did they know that this was likely to be our 50th consecutive defeat to a French team in Dublin? They knew that also.
We sat in the West Stand, which had long wooden benches as opposed to plastic seats. A train went directly under it, rattling the whole stand in the middle of games. But I loved it because I could see the whole Dublin skyline as the sun dipped low and the floodlights came on slowly. The anticipation almost always beat the match itself. Dad would share a few knowing words with the man beside them about Ireland's tactics, the shrill blast of the whistle would sound and the crowd would roar, knowing that, at this moment in time Ireland at least, we were on level terms and could dream of winning.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lansdowne Road. Photograph: Christian Liewig/Corbis
Unfortunately, those hopes generally faded quickly and were crumpled like the wet chip wrappers outside of the stadium at the end of the night as we all trudged out at the final whistle. Dad was always calm about the inevitable defeat; they and their hat had been at too many Ireland games in the old stadium. Carefully folding my creased programme into my jacket pocket, I was always very disappointed on the walk to car, never saying much, unable to accept how you could put so much childhood faith into a collection of adults who did their best but regularly fell so woefully short.
The car journey home was quiet. It was late in the night as we had to cross many country towns that zigzagged across Ireland. We drove through winding country roads lit by faint orange lamps. The car radio played and the windscreen wipers provided their accompaniment as we sang together badly. The game was almost forgotten when we arrived home exhausted. The result hadn't mattered, the anticipation of it with my Dad was everything, and remains so.
• This article is from Behind the Lines
• Follow Jonathan Drennan on Twitter
NASA has agreed to develop a contingency plan for ensuring astronauts can travel to and from the International Space Station (ISS) in case the commercial crew systems under development by Boeing and SpaceX are further delayed. The action comes in response to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released today that outlines delays that have occurred already and problems that may result in further schedule slippage. NASA told GAO in writing it would have the backup plan ready by March 13, 2017.
NASA has had to rely on Russia to take astronauts to and from ISS since the space shuttle program was terminated in 2011. It contracts with Russia's Roscosmos space state corporation to purchase seats on Russia's Soyuz spacecraft. The current contract covers launches through 2018 and landings in 2019. About three years are required for Russia to build Soyuz spacecraft so NASA has endeavored in the past to sign contracts well in advance. Russia currently charges $82 million per seat.
NASA, Roscosmos and the other international partners in the ISS program — Canada, Japan, and Europe — have agreed to continue operating ISS at least until 2024. NASA provides transportation for the Canadian, Japanese and European astronauts under the terms of the Intergovernmental Agreement that governs the ISS partnership.
In 2011, NASA initiated a commercial crew program whereby Boeing and SpaceX are developing the CST-100 Starliner and Crew Dragon spacecraft, respectively, through public-private partnerships (PPPs). In PPPs, the government and industry share development costs and the government guarantees it will purchase certain services, in this case a fixed number of flights. Boeing will use the United Launch Alliance's (ULA) Atlas V rocket to launch CST-100 Starliner (ULA is a 50-50 joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin). SpaceX will launch Crew Dragon on its own Falcon 9 rocket.
At the beginning, NASA hoped commercial crew flights would begin in 2015, but that date slipped to 2017 at least in part due to lower than requested funding from Congress for NASA's share of the development costs. Additional delays have followed.
NASA's Commercial Crew Program (CCP) oversees the Boeing and SpaceX efforts and must certify that the systems meet strict standards. Operational flights cannot begin until the certification review is complete, which takes place after each company flies an uncrewed test flight and then a crewed test flight. At the moment, officially both companies plan to be certified in late 2018, but GAO reports that the CCP's own analysis “indicates that certification is likely to slip into 2019.” GAO provided a chart comparing when the companies originally planned to be ready for their certification reviews and where they are now.
Government Accountability Office (GAO) chart of commercial crew certification delays. NASA Commercial Crew Program: Schedule Pressure Increases as Contractors Delay Key Events. GAO report GAO-17-137, February 16, 2017, Highlights page.
Risks identified by CCP and listed in the GAO report that could delay certification include the following:
Boeing: lack of data needed to certify the Atlas V rocket for human spaceflight because it uses Russian RD-180 engines and access to the data is highly restricted under US-Russian agreements, and lack of data on the CST-100 Starliner's parachute system;
SpaceX: whether SpaceX has sufficient time to implement upgrades to the Falcon 9 engines and avionics in response to already planned design changes plus unplanned design changes in response to cracks discovered in engine turbines, and concerns about SpaceX's plans to fuel the rocket while the crew is aboard.
With regard to the problems with SpaceX turbine blades, GAO reported: “During qualification testing in 2015, SpaceX identified cracks in the turbines of its engine. Additional cracks were later identified. Program officials told us that they have informed SpaceX that the cracks are an unacceptable risk for human spaceflight. SpaceX officials told us that they are working closely with NASA to eliminate these cracks in order to meet NASA's stringent targets for human rating.”
GAO also concluded the companies could have difficulty meeting the requirement set by NASA that the probability of Loss of Crew (LOC) on a given flight be no more than 1 in 270. GAO listed three crew safety risks identified by CCP that apply to both companies:
the companies' computer models may not accurately predict LOC;
the spacecraft may not be able to tolerate the micrometeoroid and orbital debris environment; and
if the companies cannot meet the LOC requirements, CCP could take “several actions,” but they may not be sufficient.
NASA Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations Bill Gerstenmaier spoke about LOC requirements at a conference last week. They argued that too much importance is assigned to that metric, that it is useful in comparing designs, but not in determining absolute risk.
In light of all these problems and the impending end of the contract with Russia for Soyuz seats, GAO recommended that NASA develop and report to Congress on a contingency plan for how it could transport astronauts to and from ISS after the contract with Russia expires and whenever the commercial crew systems become available.
In a February 8, 2017 letter to GAO and published in the GAO report, NASA concurred and said it would develop such a plan by March 13, 2017.
During a recent gathering of my family, my grandkids staged numerous performances of scenes and songs from Frozen. One of them had not even seen the movie, but the songs and characters permeated play at their daycare. The others admittedly had seen it so often, now that it's out in DVD, and had listened to the downloaded music so regularly, that they could perform every word of every song. A hilarious operetta ensued as the most obsessed, my 7 and 8-year-old granddaughters, alternated voices in a duet between Elsa and Anna.
My grandkids' love of this movie is not unique. Frozen just surpassed Finding Nemo to become the most popular animated movie ever. The sound track is #1 album. The new sing-along theater release has kids dancing in the aisles, and “Let It Go” won the Oscar for best song.
In an earlier blog post, I wrote a multi-generational review of Frozen. At the time, I was fascinated by my expectation of a Disney Princess versus that of my daughters and granddaughters. I did not see the ending coming. I foolishly expected the “true love's kiss” thing to mean a guy was coming to the rescue. My grandkids knew all along it would be a sister thing. Times change (thankfully). This princess celebrates accepting who you are rather than changing to meet the expectations of others.
So now, after viewing snippets of Frozen on DVD and listening to endless versions of the sound track, I am pondering a different question: What is the movie's allure for kids? There are several bits from the movie that have been woven into their daily lives…
The braid – Girls must have their hair braided loosely on the side to enable them to swoosh it properly as a sign of their liberation.
The stance – Arm out proudly as a sign of letting “it” go.
Flashes of power – Goes with the stance, and sound effects suggest magical freezing abilities and assorted other powers.
Let It Go – Sung at top volume and with total joy.
My granddaughter even chose this as the logo for our t-shirts for the Cystic Fibrosis Great Strides Walk next month:
My children, their parents, used to watch Wonder Woman religiously. Although the show, featuring Lynda Carter, was on television from 1975-79, it's reruns dominated children's TV through the 80's. At the time, I liked that my daughters wove this character into their Barbie games. Unlike Malibu Barbie, Wonder Woman was powerful and had a great song.
So is Elsa the Wonder Woman of their children's era? Have little girls been searching for a princess who is powerful without being perfect? Who does not mind being without a prince? Who can build magical ice castles? Who can save their sister by loving her?
I have to admit when my grandkids belted out Let It Go together, I felt quite emotional. Sure I laughed at their innocence and joy. But a part of me was moved by what I think moves them – a character they admire for their strength, honesty, love of family, power, and perseverance. Not such bad qualities to emulate.
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
13.6k SHARES THIS STORY
Senator Elizabeth Warren was already a hero to progressives long before the 2016 election, but then they emerged as Donald Trump's main tormentor on Twitter this spring and hasn't looked back. After last night's devastating revelation of the Trump Tapes, the Senator from Massachusetts put on their Harvard Law professor's hat and in the role of online prosecutor, and interrogated The Donald directly on Twitter about their braggadocios view of sexual assault.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's most memorable attack line of this election is, “A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.” Did Elizabeth Warren's sharp question create the tipping point, the impetus which inspired the Republican nominee to ask their campaign staff to write scripted apology, which the sociopath could deliver quickly last night?
.@realdonaldtrump: Were you lying or was sexual assault part of your action every day? It's a simple question. You should have to answer it. — Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 8, 2016
Elizabeth Warren didn't stop at interrogating the candidate with the pumpkin complexion. They called out the entire Republican Party for normalizing racism and sexual assault by endorsing Donald Trump in another tweet even more viral than the first.
And to every Republican in Congress and running for Congress: how could you still be endorsing @realdonaldtrump? Enough is enough. — Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 8, 2016
Sure enough, the dis-endorsements have been pouring in across the aisle as Republicans flee the sinking ship. Even Trump's recent SCOTUS pick, the arch-conservative Tea Party leader Sen. Mike Lee from Utah publicly asked the nominee to step aside for the good of the party in a Facebook live video. Doubtless, Trump will stay in the race to finish off the irrevocable damage he's done to the Republican brand already.
Amazingly, the Republican nominee has not tweeted anything at all since 11pm the night of October 6th. They certainly aren't answering Senator Warren's questions, because the audio recording truly did end all debates about who should be America's first female President: Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here.
Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President's crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Well, it turns out defense contractors are thinking the exact same thing. The only difference is they have billions to spend to make it happen. Coming soon to a battlefield near you:
Ever find yourself watching a movie, and at the moment the villain whips out an elaborately sinister doomsday device, you say, "Hey, I wouldn't mind having one of those things!"
5 The Advanced Tactical Laser, Boeing's Flying Laser Cannon
We've been waiting for a good freaking death ray for, oh, about 70 years. So when Boeing says, " ... directed energy weapons are relevant to today's battlefield and are ready to be fielded," we pay attention.
Now, Boeing's already doing a few interesting things with laser technology on a smaller scale (like mounting devices to Humvees and using them to detonate bombs from a safe distance. They can also put a bigger one in a jumbo jet and use it to destroy incoming ICBMs from hundreds of miles away. But those are hardly death rays, right? They're reassuring defensive measures designed to protect our brave men and women!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That's where the Advanced Tactical Laser comes in.
Designed to engage (that is, utterly destroy) ground targets, the ATL is a weapon fitted to an aircraft like a C-130 transport plane. From 10,000 feet up and five miles away, this 40,000-pound, megawatt-class, chemical laser will melt a hole through a tank.
Or should we say, tanks. The ATL is intended to strike up to 100 targets in rapid succession. Oh, and the beam's silent. And invisible. One moment you're having a nice cup of coffee atop your troop transport, the next you're a smoking hole in the ground.
This space age, science fiction gadget is scheduled for live fire demonstrations later this year.
Where They Got the Idea:
Independence Day.
Or, quite possibly from the 1985 Val Kilmer comedy Real Genius.
The surviving brother of the Boston bombing suspects told interrogators that the pair considered suicide attacks and an assault on July 4th, a law enforcement official told The New York Times.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, who is currently in custody and has been interrogated by the FBI, reportedly said they and their brother, 26-year-old Tamerlan, opted for pressure cooker bombs that they eventually used in the twin Boston Marathon bombings on April 15, the official said.
NBC News reports that the bombs were built inside Tamerlan's house in Cambridge, Mass., and that since they were finished faster than anticipated, the brothers decided to move up the attack date.
Dzhokhar reportedly admitted to the newly revealed plots on April 21, two days after they were captured in Watertown. They also told interrogators that they and Tamerlan had watched sermons of Anwar al-Awlaki online. The Times reports that there's no indication the two had been in contact with Awlaki.
The body of Tamerlan, who was killed several days after the bombing during a shootout with police, was claimed by their family on Thursday.
A fight erupts between two college baseball teams, and the entire skirmish is caught on video. This clip was recorded by NBC affiliate KCRA in Sacramento on Friday, Feb. 22, 2013. (Published Friday, Feb. 22, 2013)
Two UC Riverside baseball players were ejected from Friday's away game at Sacramento State following a bench-clearing brawl.
In the third inning, UCR shortstop Eddie Young was caught in a rundown between second and third base.
Sac State second baseman Andrew Ayers made the tag and then appeared to shove Young.
After the tag, Ayers said something to Young, who responded with a right hook to the infielder's jaw.
The benches cleared and both Ayers and Young were ejected. UCR's catcher Drake Zarate was also tossed from the game.
All three players will be reportedly suspended for four games, Sacramento State spokesperson Brian Berger told the Sacramento Bee.
The UCR Highlanders went on to win 2-1 over the Hornets.
1. Know thy neighbor and accept their beer from over the fence when offered.
It wasn't until 1998 that Jamil realized that home-brewing was an actual thing. They studied micro-biology and writing at UC Davis and eventually made their career as a software engineer. But in that year, while doing some work in the backyard, they struck up a conversation with their neighbor, who offered them a beer from over the fence. It turns out that the beer from over the fence was a home-brew. Jamil recounts the story: “My neighbor Steve said, ‘Hey, try this beer.' It was the best beer I had ever had, so I asked them where I could buy it. They said, ‘I made it.' And I was shocked because I was thinking it was from a giant factory with German people or something.” That was Jamil's first home-brew. Jamil told their wife about it and they bought them a Mr. Beer Kit for Christmas. Thirteen years later, in 2011, they opened the brewery in the Bay Area city of Pittsburg. Several things happened between the fence and the brewery, of course, but that's the start of their brewing story. A neighbor. A conversation. A fence. And a beer. Boom-shakalaka!
2. Know thy suckiness and work hard to make your craft better.
So what happened in those thirteen years, between the fence of '98 and the start of the brewery in 2011? What most people don't know about Jamil is that he's a real geek. “I tend to be obsessive about everything. Before beer, it was paintballing. I actually came up with one of the first semi-automatic paintball guns.” Jamil was also immersed in the world of scuba-diving. “I get geeky about whatever I'm interested in. I became an instructor and developed the first computer-based training for scuba-diving.” Once Liz gifted them with a brew kit, their interests turned to the world of brewing. Of course, Jamil's first batches were terrible. They admit to thinking, “Wait a minute, I had a beer that was really good (from Steve) and then I made a beer that wasn't any good. I knew what was possible, so given my obsessive nature about trying to figure out everything, I decided I was going to learn more about beer.” So they studied and brewed, over and over again.
By Xie Chuanjiao (China Daily)
Updated: 2007-09-11 07:22
China has one of the highest suicide rates in the world, particularly among rural women, an expert on suicide prevention said Monday.
Yang Fude, vice-president of Beijing Hui Long Guan Hospital, said China is the only country where suicides among women outnumber men.
"It is also one of the few countries where rural suicides outnumber urban suicides," they said on World Suicide Prevention Day.
Recent statistics show more than 287,000 people end their own lives every year on the Chinese mainland.
Stress and depression cause 70 to 80 percent of suicides in urban areas, where many of those afflicted jump off buildings, according to data released by the Beijing Suicide Research and Prevention Center.
Half of the suicides on the mainland are of women in rural areas, who commonly drink pesticide to end their lives. They may do so because of family disputes, low-educational levels and restricted social communication.
More than 58 percent of suicides by females and 27 percent of attempts in rural areas used pesticides.
Though suicide ranks fifth after cerebrovascular diseases (such as a stroke), bronchitis, chronic emphysema, liver cancer and pneumonia, it is the leading cause of death for people aged between 15 and 34.
A two-year survey by researchers at Peking University found over 20 percent of 140,000 high-school students interviewed said they had considered committing suicide. And 6.5 percent of the students surveyed said they had made plans to kill themselves.
"Compared with Western countries, suicide in China is an escape from immediate problems and not related to mental issues as much," Yang said.
"Here suicides are more often spur of the moment."
Yang called for more attention to be paid to potential suicides of young women in rural areas and senior citizens in urban areas.
"As the nation ages, more elderly people are left at home with psychological and physical problems," Yang said.
Zhan Chunyun, dean of the Guangzhou-based Kangning Psychology Hotline, suggested counseling and prevention services should be more accessible.
"The number of suicides can be drastically reduced if more medication, hotline and counseling facilities are available, particularly in the countryside," Zhan said.
Currently, the country has just 19 professional suicide intervention institutes registered nationwide. These provide depression hot lines staffed by nurses, depression-awareness campaigns and psychiatrists in emergency rooms.
The central government has gradually realized suicide is becoming a public health issue that happens to all groups of people.
Research has been launched to investigate the reasons for young people committing suicide.
With their latest album, Lazaretto, Jack White wanted to prove there was still life in vinyl records. And it turns out they were right: the album is the best-selling vinyl in two decades. According to Billboard, the album has sold 60,000 units to date on vinyl, the biggest single-year vinyl sales since Pearl Jam released Vitalogy in 1994. The number also represents a quarter of all Lazaretto sales, with the album selling a total of 238,000 units across all platforms.
Of course, Lazaretto is far from a standard vinyl release, as White and Third Man Records have produced an album with an assortment of unique features for music nerds. Dubbed an Ultra LP, the album features tracks hidden under the center label, a locked outer grove so that one side ends on a continuous loop, and even a hand-etched hologram. It was released on June 10th. A well-known vinyl enthusiast, the news should help put a smile on White's face.
"Brandon is a warrior on and off the court.  They are as driven as any other player that I've ever coached. They have an innate ability to score while finding the open man. Right away they should be a leader and also a top-notch defender for us." – John Calipari
Integrity, honor, faith, reliability and consistency – these are common descriptors people use when talking about Brandon Knight as a player and person. That is to say, it's virtually impossible to find something not to like about what Knight brings to the table for the Suns.
Knight attended Pine Crest School in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida where they are a living legend – their 3,515 points scored in high school ranks second all-time in the state. But Knight wasn't just an extraordinary basketball player. One could make a case they were an even more impressive as a student.
“He could go to any school in the country without bouncing a ball,” David Beckerman, their high school basketball coach, said in 2010 to the Kentucky Advocate-Messenger. “He has a 4.3 grade-point average at the No. 1 academic school in Florida. They could not bounce a ball and go to Harvard. He's a once-in-a-lifetime player, but he's also a superb student.”
Before deciding to play basketball at Kentucky in 2010, Knight entertained the thought of Yale as a possible collegiate destination, and even visited the school. Perhaps more remarkable, even though Knight attended Kentucky for just one season, they were technically a sophomore before they entered the NBA Draft due to the Advanced Placement classes they completed in high school.
In college, Knight averaged 17.3 points, 4.0 rebounds, 4.2 assists and 35.9 minutes in 38 games for Kentucky in 2010-11 while leading the Wildcats to the Final Four for the first time since 1998 (he was subsequently named NCAA East Region All-Tournament Most Outstanding Player). Incredibly, Knight tallied more 20-point games (14) than any Wildcat first-year student in school history.
Their successful time at Kentucky led to the Detroit Pistons selecting Knight with the 8th overall pick of the 2011 NBA Draft. After averaging 12.8 points, 3.2 rebounds, 3.8 assists and 0.7 steals in 32.3 minutes per game for the Pistons, they were named to the 2011-12 NBA All-Rookie First Team.
Knight finished their first season in the league second among rookies in scoring, fourth in assists, tied for 11th in rebounds and tied for seventh in steals while setting a Pistons' rookie record with 105 three-pointers made – one of only two rookies that season (Klay Thompson) to make 100 or more threes.
Knight was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks in 2013 and – like Eric Bledsoe – has dramatically improved with each passing year – the 2015-16 Suns season being no different. At 6-3, Knight has impressive size, strength and length for a guard. Physically (especially playing in the backcourt), they have every quality needed to be a bona-fide star – pure athleticism, an exceptional work ethic, vision and remarkable body control.
For example, Knight recorded their first career triple-double with 30 points, a career-high 15 assists and 10 rebounds, in addition to four steals on November 16 against the Lakers. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, Knight joined select company in achieving this line becoming the fourth player to do so since steals became an official stat in 1973-74.
Additionally, Knight became just the 22nd player in NBA history to record 4,000 career points, 1,000 assists and 1,000 rebounds before turning 24. Joe Johnson is the only other player to do so who played for the Suns before their 24th birthday.
As a guard, Knight understands how to take over a game whether that's through scoring or creating opportunities for their teammates. Remarkably, over the last 10 games, Brandon Knight has set then surpassed their career-high in scoring, set a career-high in assists, recorded their first career triple-double, their first two career 30-point/10-rebound games and three double-doubles. Over this 10-game stretch, Knight is averaging 24.1 points (45.5 FG%, 43.8 3FG%, 81.1 FT%), 6.3 assists, 4.4 rebounds and 1.8 steals per game.
It sounds tired, but people like Brandon Knight don't come around very often – both on and off the floor.
Knight doesn't try to be a good person with impeccable character; it's instinctive. Similarly, making basketball easy for their teammates isn't a conscious decision; that's just their game.
Needless to say, their style fits seamlessly with Hornacek's tenacious, fast-paced system.
Oh, and they just turned 24-years-old.
White galalith RAAF pre-1953 buttons . (Top left button shows crazing resulting from button having been heated during washing.)
H 2 CO ) – schematic presentation. Chemical reaction of two proteins (top) with formaldehyde () – schematic presentation.
Galalith (Erinoid in the United Kingdom) is a synthetic plastic material manufactured by the interaction of casein and formaldehyde. The commercial name is derived from the Greek words gala (milk) and lithos (stone). It is odourless, insoluble in water, biodegradable, non-allergenic, antistatic and virtually nonflammable. It was produced under other names such as aladdinite (in the USA), Casolith (in the Netherlands) and lactoloid (in Japan).[1]
Discovery [ edit ]
In 1893, French chemist Auguste Trillat discovered the means to insolubilize casein by immersion in formaldehyde. In 1897, Wilhelm Krische, a printer from Hanover, Germany was commissioned to develop white, non-flammable, erasable chalkboards.[2] They had difficulty in making the casein adhere to the supporting cardboard, and asked German chemist (Friedrich) Adolph Spitteler (1846–1940) for help. [3] The resultant horn-like plastic was unsuitable for the original purpose, but other applications were soon found.[2]
Production and usage [ edit ]
Galalith could not be moulded once set, so it had to be produced in sheets, but it had the advantage that it was inexpensive to produce. It could be cut, drilled, embossed and dyed without difficulty, and its structure could be manipulated to create a range of effects. One limitation on the uses of Galalith was that when made into items above a certain size it tended to splinter or warp.[4] No other plastic at the time could compete on price, however, and with ivory, horn and bone products becoming far more expensive, it found a natural home in the fashion industry.[2]
This new plastic was presented at Paris Universal Exhibition in 1900. In France, Galalith was distributed by the Compagnie Française de Galalithe located near Paris in Levallois-Perret. As a result, the Jura area became the first to use the material.
Galalith was marketed in boards, pipes and rods. In 1913, thirty million litres (eight million US gallons) of milk were used to produce Galalith in Germany alone.[2] In 1914, Syrolit Ltd gained the license for manufacture in the United Kingdom. Renaming itself Erinoid Ltd., it started manufacture in the former Lightpill wool mill in Dudbridge, Stroud, Gloucestershire.[5] Casein from rennet produces a superior plastic to acid-precipitated casein.[1]
Galalith could produce gemstone imitations that looked strikingly real. In 1926, Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel published a picture of a short, simple black dress in Vogue. It was calf-length, straight, and decorated only by a few diagonal lines. Vogue called it "Chanel's Ford,” as like the Model T, the little black dress was simple and accessible for women of all social classes. To accessorize the little black dress, Chanel revamped their designs, thus facilitating the breakthrough and mass popularity of costume jewelry.[2] Galalith was used for striking Art Deco jewelry designs by artists such as Jacob Bengel and Auguste Bonaz, as well as for hair combs and accessories. By the 1930s, Galalith was also used for knitting needles,[4] pens, umbrella handles, white piano keys (replacing natural ivory), and electrical goods,[6] with world production at that time reaching 10,000 tons.
Today [ edit ]
Although Galalith was historically cheap, the fact it could not be moulded led to its demise by commercial end users. Production slowed as the restrictions of World War II led to a need for milk as a food, and due to new oil-derived wartime plastic developments. Production continued in Brazil until the 1960s.
Nowadays "Galalith" still continues to be produced in small quantities, mainly for buttons.[7]
Announcing Project 250k: Can a Master Trader earn $250,000 USD ONLY by trading earnings AND after posting all their trades ahead of time?
Trading earnings has always been my specialty. Last season, I went pretty much perfect, with only a few minor problems on SBUX and COST (namely, my puts expired pennies out-of-the-money) and one blunder on Seagate. Other than that, on GOOG, AAPL, AMD, NVDA, MU and a plethora of others, I was perfect.
So the idea is as follows:
I want to earn a $250,000 profit… … in 5 weeks… Trading ONLY earnings.
All while posting 100% of my trades before I make them.
Additionally, I will NOT take any undue risk (i.e. risking $1M to win $100M on a coinflip). In fact, all my positions will be between $10,000 and $30,000 (depending on the product and stock).
The project will start July 9th, 2017 and will end August 11th, 2017, which is the date of the last earnings I'm interested in (Telus, in case you are curious). All my trades will be posted Sunday before the trading week starts on my Patreon. One trade will be posted publicly on FSComeau.com, along with a weekly update, every week. Free, for all.
My goal is to earn $250,000 in five weeks, or roughly $50,000 per week, for five weeks. I know I can do it. And, to be honest, this is something I've been wanting to do for a while. Consider it a personal challenge to myself. It's not that I really need the money, it's just something I need to prove to myself. And, by extension, to you.
I plan to achieve project 250k using mostly:
Buy calls; if I buy $20,000 of calls and double to $40,000, that's a +$20,000. Sell puts; if I sell $15,000 of puts and they expire worthless, that's a +$15,000 Buy/Short stock…
You get the drift by now, this will mostly be achieved with options. I use a vast variety of strategies and risk profiles. People who have been my patrons for a while can certainly relate. The total result will be the sum of all gains/losses and 100% of my trades will be posted (well before they are done), so 0 cheating involved.
The goal is to end with a final profit of a quarter million, after all fees/commissions. Now, let's see if I can do it.
DISCLAIMER: The trades I do are very risky. Do not blindly follow them. Be aware of the extremely high risk involved with these transactions. Selling puts, for instance, implies a very amount of risk that you may or may not be comfortable with. I make zero guarantee on whether or not the trades I post will work or be profitable. Always pick trades you are comfortable with and make sure you understand all the implications of every trade you make. AGAIN, THIS PROJECT IS SUPER RISKY and I could easily end up with a $500,000+ loss. Follow your own risk tolerance. I offer 0 guarantees that I will even get close to my $250k objective.
Liked it? Take a second to support fscomeau on Patreon!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
12 Things Developers Wish the CIO Remembered Andy Lester
Every CIO wants to build a development team that's hard-working, loyal, and devoted to creating quality software. The developers are willing! But they want CIOs to lead them and understand their needs. Here's what developers hope their CIOs keep in mind to motivate them and make them happy.
Dear CIO/CTO,
I know that as you move to the upper reaches of management, it can be hard to remember what it's like at the front lines of the IT world. On behalf of all the programmers, sysadmins, designers, and project managers who make things happen from day to day, here are some reminders to help you help us make you look good.
1. We want to make a difference to the organization.
As much as we love playing with new technology and making cool stuff, most of us don't do it for its own sake. We want to make a difference in the organization. When I set up a company-wide wiki, it's not because I think wikis are cool, but because I want to transform the company's culture of information sharing. When I spend time researching the latest tools, and choose tools like Orange to delve into datasets looking for patterns, it's not for my own gratification, but to help my co-workers do what they do even better.
Don't keep us in the dark. Feed us as much information as possible, because digesting and processing information is what we do. Give us numbers. Let us know future plans. The more complete the information we have, the more informed decisions we can make. You're not protecting us by holding it back; rather, you are hobbling us.
2. Marketing is not IT. IT is not Marketing.
Ever since the late 90s when someone in Marketing realized it was simple to put together an index.html, Marketing and IT have been locked in an ugly dance, with each partner trying to lead. All too often, they step on the other's toes.
It makes sense. Tools exist that let anyone in Marketing Communications with a shred of design sense (or not) create good looking webpages. It's just that, too often, Marketing doesn't understand the great responsibility that hides behind their great power.
Mr. MarComm can publish a new home page on the company website that looks great on their computer, but they don't realize that dragging and dropping a 2000x2000 JPEG into DreamDesign means that every visitor and bot will be pulling a 3MB file across the pipe. They don't realize that there's more to mass mailings than downloading a $19.95 copy of RoboSlammer Mail Deluxe, feeding it an Excel spreadsheet of 10,000 email addresses, and kicking off a mailing run before going out for a two-hour lunch, thus dragging the entire company to its knees.
On the flip side, just because it's on a computer doesn't mean it's our job. Help us push back against the requests to "Just change one little thing on the website" on Friday at 4:00pm.
None of this is to say that we can't help, too. It pains me every time I see someone from Marketing manually updating the footers in the website each January 2nd. We want to help with that. Work with us. We'll listen.
Marketing and IT needs to work together, side by side as equals. Help us do that.
3. We need to be protected from the rest of the organization.
Nobody in HR has someone from outside their department come and ask for "Just a little favor, could you do one little thing for me? I've got this Excel file and I'm trying to make the columns do this..." But we in IT get it all the time.
I'm not even talking about requests for personal help: "Hey, do you know anything about Compaqs? My aunt has an old Compaq at home and do you think maybe you could help me with something?"
That's not to say that we don't want to help. Maybe part of how we can help the organization is by giving advanced Excel training classes, or even informal lunch 'n' learns. What we can't deal with is the death of a thousand ad hoc cut into our time and productivity.
4. Help us stay humble.
We developers are used to doing magic, and we are proud of it. That's even more so if our work is the face of the company, and especially if our work is the company's product itself. We can get big heads about it. Remind us that we're not gods who walk the earth.
Remind us what the rest of company is doing. Our work in IT is meaningless if Marketing can't attract new customers, if Sales can't keep them, if HR can't bring in new blood, if Accounting can't keep track of the money, and if upper management can't provide high-level strategy. Help us appreciate the rest of the people and departments who are as important as IT to the success of the organization.
5. We don't ask for stuff just for the hell of it.
I regularly see people asking on the Internet questions in the form, "How do I get my boss to X?" X might be "buy me a better chair" or "use Ruby" or "let us work more flexible hours." Whatever “X” is, this points to a big problem in the organization.
The very phrasing "get my boss to" implies that the person asking expects to be shot down on all suggestions at best, and that there's an adversarial relationship at worst. Does your team feel that ideas and requests are welcomed by you and other managers? Are you sure? When was the last time someone asked you for something?
Perhaps more than anything else we ask for, hardware matters. We're not trying to build Alienware gaming consoles. We just don't want slow hardware to slow us down and hold us back during the day. We want to see as much screen real estate as possible in our endless pursuit of multitasking. The bang-for-the-buck ratio of a good second or third monitor is fantastic.
6. Noise matters.
You know why people want to work from home? It's not because we want to work in our underwear. It's because our homes don't have the sounds of the office's surrounding cube farm. Whether it's chit-chat from other cubes, or an overhead paging system crowing, "Susan M, please dial 81" a few times an hour, noise takes us out of the zone, that state where our brains are 100% engaged on solving problems and creating code. When that disappears, it may not come back for hours.
We developers are not special and we don't need special treatment. We're different. A programmer's needs are different than someone in Customer Service. If you can budget for a second monitor on our high-end desktop computers, you can budget for a quiet space for us to work. Don't tell us that giving us different space might be unpopular, or politically difficult. That's why you're the leader.
7. Join us for the tough times.
It sucks having to pull all-nighters for router upgrades, but we know they need to get done. A final testing frenzy in the home stretch before release of the Big Project is part of the game. When those things come around, it's nice when you pull $50 out of your wallet for us to get pizzas. It would be even better if you helped out. Plus, you can't expense a night at the office.
(You do know that we're close to release on that Big Project, right?)
8. There is no silver bullet.
Back in 1986, Fred Brooks wrote their classic essay No Silver Bullet (PDF), warning against relying on any given piece of technology to improve quality and productivity. I'm sure you've read it. It's easy to be lured by the appeal of moving to a new language or platform, or allowing your people to work from home, or stopping them from working from home, or putting a fridge in the common area. Not one of them is going to have a lasting impact. Improvement has to come from all parts of the department, and it has to be sustained.
9. Technical debt is real.
“Technical debt” has been getting a lot of press in the past few years, and there's a good reason. It lets us put a name to what we've always understood: Doing a lesser job now only makes the next job cost more.
But “technical debt” is not a buzzword. The interest on the debt increases every day we stay on an outdated system, and every time we have to code around an unfixed bug in a library, and every time one of us has to go talk to another developer to get an explanation on how to do things because it's not in a manual.
10. Be glad we spend so much time on automated tests.
Yes, the team is spending a lot of time writing tests. Yes, it really is worth it. Test-first development saves us time in the long term, even if it appears to come at the expense of short-term wins that we can demonstrate to users. Assuming that the overall health of the project is more important than getting up-front visibility, then leave us to it.
More importantly, a solid test suite allows us to make the changes that you want made quickly. When we can turn around a project in a short period of time, it's because we are confident that the rest of the system isn't going to crap out because of an inadvertent bug introduced.
Or think of it this way: When we write tests, it's like we're hiring QA testers for whom you don't have to pay a salary.
11. Give us a reason to stay.
Any geek with a webpage, a LinkedIn profile, or a GitHub account gets contacted by headhunters regularly. For me, it's at least three per week. If we want another development job, we have no end of other employment opportunities.
Remember that for most geeks, money is not a motivator but a hygiene factor. A bump in salary probably isn't going to be enough to draw us away from a job we enjoy. What is? New tech, better projects, and better quality of life are at the top of the list. If we've got those things in our current position, chances are we'll tell the headhunter, "Thanks, but I'm happy where I am." If not....
12. Lead us.
The reason you're the CIO and we're not is that you want to deal with the big picture and we don't. You're good at thinking strategically; we tend to focus on the tactics and the daily details. We developers want to do amazing work, but we need your guidance to make sure that the company is heading in the right direction in what we do with technology.
Show us where we're going. Share your vision for the future. It not only lets us make decisions that help steer toward the goal, but it also lets us have something to shoot for.
See also:
[dfads params='groups=932&limit=1&orderby=random']
[dfads params='groups=937&limit=1&orderby=random']
At last week's Space Shuttle Program (SSP) FRR, program managers discussed a wide range of topics, including Weather Satellite limitations, the Boundary Layer Transition DTO (Detailed Test Objective), several new operations that will be a part of STS-128 – including Discovery's debut of new flight software – as well as previous flight performance of the MPLM (Multi-Purpose Logistics Module) on STS-126.
Weather and Boundary Layer Transition:
One of the first notes pertaining to new procedures for STS-128 in the Mission Operations Directorate's (MOD's) Mission Procedures presentation to the FRR related to the Continental United States (CONUS) weather satellite system.
“GOES-12 (East) will not be available due to eclipse power-outage,” notes the presentation.
See Also STS-128 Processing Latest
L2 STS-128 Section
Click here to Join L2
Caused because the GOES-12 satellite will be in Earth shadow, the presentation notes that the satellite will be unavailable between 12:15 A.M. through 1:45 A.M. EDT from August 23rd through 28th.
Given that this period of time covers the extent of Discovery's launch window – although the 23rd has been all but ruled out due to processing timelines – the Space Flight Meteorology Group has indicated that the GOES-11 (West) satellite is capable of providing a “non-optimal” oblique view of the Kennedy Space Center during the eclipse times for GOES-12.
The next item of interest to gain attention by the MOD is the Boundary Layer Transition DTO Discovery will conduct during their re-entry at the end of the mission.
“Second flight of DTO will gather data during entry regarding the aerothermal effects caused by the boundary layer transitioning from laminar flow to turbulent flow at a high Mach number,” notes the Mission Operations presentation.
This DTO was first performed on Discovery's previous flight (STS-119). However, there are several changes to the DTO for its second flight.
For the second Boundary Layer Transition DTO, the protuberance height on a modified Thermal Protection System (TPS) tile on the underside of Discovery has been increased to 0.35 inches – enabling the Boundary Layer to be tripped at Mach 18.
Furthermore, based on post-flight analysis from STS-119, a temperature-sensitive coating has been applied to two TPS tiles located downstream of the protuberance, the thermocouples have been relocated, and one downstream tile has been replaced with one that has a higher heat load capacity.
New Operations:
Debuting on Discovery for STS-128 is the OI-34 (Operational Increment number 34) software.
“Enhancements made to Backup Flight Software Heads Up Display to make performance more similar to PASS HUD,” notes the Mission Operations FRR presentation.
Additional enhancements made possible by the OI-34 software include a Bodyflap warning message on the HUD, enhanced runway overlays using “landing site table data for correct length,” HUD high g limit warnings, and deceleration command restoration.
The remaining changes implemented include “memory efficiencies, minor DR fixes, removal of unused code, and documentation-only CRs.”
The previous software upgrade – OI-33 – included safety modifications for engine out scenarios, External Tank separation during a RTLS (Return To Landing Site) abort, and the orbiter's ability to return to Earth unmanned.
See also:
OI-32 Upgrade:
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2007/10/shuttle-discoverys-new-software-from-oi-32-to-windows-xp/
OI-33 Upgrade:
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/10/126-debut-oi-33-rco-ability/
Discovery will also debut the O2 crossover Valve Position indication as a result of a failure seen on STS-126 last year.
“MO10W wiring modification provides position indication for system 1 & 2 crossover valves and simplifies pre-launch and on-orbit troubleshooting.”
The final Launch Commit Criteria modifications for this new wiring configuration were approved by the PRCB (Program Requirements Control Board) at the Noon Board on June 23, 2009.
Also noted in the Mission Operations presentation under the “new procedures” category is the Ammonia Tank Assembly removal and replacement (R&R) on the P1 truss.
“NH3 vent planned for FD2. ATA will be isolated from EATCS loop and on-orbit tests confirm the EATCS loop can function without the ATA,” notes the FRR presentation.
Venting of NH3 is required for this operation in order to reduce the pressure in the ATA tank to the Quick Disconnect line. The venting will prevent over-pressurization in the lines that can be caused by thermal changes. It will also reduce the risk of a leak – which is classed as a “catastrophic hazard/flammability risk in PLB.”
The presentation also notes that if the venting operation should fail, “one tank isolation valve will be opened to reduce over-pressurization.”
Also, the vent can be performed manually during an EVA (Spacewalk) if required.
Previous Mission Anomalies:
The main issues/anomaly gaining note from the MOD relate to the previous MPLM flight – STS-126.
Before STS-126, the ISS Program and ASI telemetry representatives removed the MPLM off-nominal condition values in an effort to save S-band bandwidth. However, they did not properly communicate the removal with ASI flight control team.
As a result, “MPLM Telemetry Parameters were noted as off-nominal and were unavailable in the ISS S-band stream during the STS-126 mission for the ASI (Agenzia Spaziale Italiana) flight control team.”
In response to this anomaly, NASA and ASI agreed to provide Caution and Warning “events” to the ASI flight control team for the three remaining Shuttle MPLM flights – the first of which is STS-128.
This will be accomplished by “placing a camera on the Caution and Warning display and displaying it in the MPLM area.”
In all, the MOD is ready to support STS-128 pending the completion of all standard and non-standard open work.
L2 members: Documentation – from which the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections, now over 4000 gbs in size.
White House Economic Council Gary Cohn, left, with national security adviser H.R. McMaster, takes a picture as President Trump visits the Western Wall in Jerusalem on May 22. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
In the ongoing debate over President Trump's foreign policy, Gary Cohn and H.R. McMaster have generally been painted as part of the “adults in the room” caucus. To the extent that the Trump White House had mainstream foreign policy thinkers, Cohn and McMaster were it. That's why there were so many sighs of relief when McMaster replaced Mike Flynn as national security adviser. In recent weeks, however, McMaster has come under some serious fire for throwing their reputation on the grenade that is the Russia investigation.
On Wednesday, McMaster and Cohn wrote a lulu of an op-ed for the Wall Street Journal in which they tried to frame Trump's overseas trip as a raging success. To their credit, they managed to avoid the kind of North Korean-level cheerleading that has plagued this White House as of late. They did, however, engage in quite a bit of revisionist history of what happened on the trip. They praised Trump for “reconfirming America's commitment to NATO and Article 5,” which is a wee bit odd, since the consensus is that Trump did not confirm anything on Article V.
In other portions of the op-ed, McMaster and Cohn attempt to frame Trump's “America first” rhetoric in a way that makes allies and partners in the world feel better:
America First does not mean America alone. It is a commitment to protecting and advancing our vital interests while also fostering cooperation and strengthening relationships with our allies and partners. A determination to stand up for our people and our way of life deepens our friends' respect for America…. We are asking a lot of our allies and partners. But in return America will once again be a true friend to our partners and the worst foe to our enemies. The president's visit showed the power of both competing to advance interests and engaging to develop relationships and foster cooperation. We have a vital interest in taking the lead internationally to advance American military, political and economic strength.
There's a lot of word salad going on in those paragraphs. How exactly can “competing to advance interests” be reconciled with “engaging to develop relationships and foster cooperation?” What are the principles under which one approach is preferred to the other? How does a president complaining about spending too much on NATO take the lead internationally?
The most extraordinary paragraph in this op-ed, however, is this one:
The president embarked on their first foreign trip with a clear-eyed outlook that the world is not a “global community” but an arena where nations, nongovernmental actors and businesses engage and compete for advantage. We bring to this forum unmatched military, political, economic, cultural and moral strength. Rather than deny this elemental nature of international affairs, we embrace it.
Now anyone familiar with Hans Morgenthau or Kenneth Waltz might squint at this paragraph and think, “Hey, this sounds a lot like realism; that isn't so bad.” But as I noted Wednesday, the Trump administration seems wedded to a vulgar form of realism that harms the national interest far more than it helps.
This paragraph highlights the problem in two ways. First — and this is so obvious I can't believe I have to type out these words — the United States can't simultaneously proclaim “America first” and then claim any kind of moral strength. Saying loudly and repeatedly that American values are not going to be a cornerstone of American foreign policy strips you of any moral power whatsoever.
The second and bigger problem is that the “embrace” of a Hobbesian vision of the world by the most powerful country in the world pretty much guarantees Hobbesian reciprocity by everyone else. Most international relations scholars would agree that there are parts of the world that fit this brutal description. But even realists don't think it's a good thing. Cooperation between the United States and its key partners and allies is not based entirely on realpolitik principles. It has helped foster a zone of stability across Europe, North America and the Pacific Rim that has lasted quite some time. In many issue areas, such as trade or counterterrorism or climate change, countries gain far more from cooperation than competition.
Furthermore, such an embrace of the Hobbesian worldview is, in many ways, anti-American. U.S. foreign policy for the past 70 years was premised on the notion that even in an anarchic world, one could nurture an international order grounded on American values of liberty and democracy and free enterprise. Even before 1945, when the United States was not a superpower, America trafficked in the aspirational goal of a world governed by international law.
Has the United States always lived up to these aspirations? No, of course not. But these exceptions and emendations were usually acknowledged as unfortunate necessities. Indeed, these values were an important part of American soft power that helped attract allies across the world and keep them after the end of the Cold War, when realists predicted that a balancing coalition might have emerged.
This op-ed tries to claim that an “America first” approach is an act of leadership, but Trump's worldview is the opposite of that. Acting like the world is always nasty and brutish simply encourages others to act in a similar manner. And the United States loses far more than it gains from having countries such as Germany or Japan act in a strictly transactional fashion towards us. Even longstanding realists get that point.
On many issues, the world is not a global community. Realism offers a valuable first cut at understanding those issues. America policymakers must always be prepared to cope with rivals and adversaries who might exploit the absence of global governance to do what they want. But this is an insane way to approach countries that have been longstanding allies.
McMaster and Cohn have to know this to be true. And yet they attached their names, and their credibility, to this logical and moral shambles. What that says about them, I will leave to the reader's imagination.
kite fishing Images courtesy of www.newzealandtours.travel
PROFILE OF A KITE FISHERMAN
Picture this scenario: You head out for a little boating adventure in South Florida -- say Ft. Lauderdale. It's a sunny and windy day out on the open water. You approach another boat and spot several grown men that appear to be flying kites from the rear of their vessel. No, this isn't the latest craze in ocean entertainment. This is a fairly new (as fishing goes) technique used all over the world by adventurous anglers looking to get something more out of their fishing experience.
So, we know that kite fishermen are out for a more creative kind of fishing. But that isn't the only reason why someone first thought to use a kite with a fishing rig. There are a couple of very specific things that using a kite can accomplish. When you're fishing from the beach, a kite can take an attached fishing line far offshore where the larger fish are. These depths can't be reached from shore, no matter how strong of a cast you muster. When you're fishing from a boat, a cleverly set kite rig can take multiple pieces of bait set along a line and keep each piece dangling close to the surface where some prize game fish feed.
It's a complicated way to fish, so you should go out with an experienced kite fisherman, if it's your first time trying it. But like any fishing technique, once you get the hang of it, you'll have luck. In fact, you can haul in a large amount of fish because of the multiple lines you have in the water at one time. Once you have the technique mastered, all you need is the right equipment, some patience and a 10 to 15 knot wind, which is usually not too hard to come by on the open water.
Do you have an old razor you love, but out grew it a bit because its a little to mild for you ?Well there is something you can do about that, you can shim the blade between your baseplate and the blade itself and its super easy to do toolet me show you how, first get an old blade you are going to throw away and a regular pair of scissors, and simple cut the edges off as close to the end as possible, it cuts just fine believe it or not will be like a piece of cardboard,then just assemble it together with the cut blade shim, towards the safety bar plate, and the sharp blade towards the headand you will increase your gap, and have a more aggressive razor, i did this with an old type that usually sits the blade flat on the teeth, i had to monky with this pic to get the shade to show up a bit more but you can see it has more of an open gap then beforeyou can shim with as many blades as you need to get a great shave, each blade will make it more aggressive im going to try two shims myself next time out with the old typehappy shaves guys !
Imagine showing up at work tomorrow to find a black box under your desk monitoring your every move. Big Brother is now your boss. But this isn't some dystopian future – it's now. That very scenario happened to bewildered Telegraph journalists in 2016, who quickly uncovered the purpose of the mysterious boxes and complained enough that management backed down.
Such a move won't enamour workers to their bosses, but it could have further psychological effects beyond adding to your list of reasons to dislike upper management. Indeed, academics agree that while electronic monitoring might seem the right step to boost productivity, the demotivation it causes could undo any benefits.
But just what sort of tech is available for your employer to buy, and how much surveillance can they legally use? Here we answer those questions and look at what it all means for the inside of your skull.
Big Brother boss: Snooping tech for the office
The black box Telegraph journalists discovered under their desks was OccupEye – a heat- and motion-sensing device designed to log how often an employee sits at their desk. Generally, it's used to see how well space is used in an office – as in, how many more people can be crammed in.
Video of OccupEye®
Of course, it's not only Telegraph workers being monitored. Companies have long kept an eye on employees via laptop logins and keystrokes, GPS to track trucks or delivery cars, call recording, or just the traditional security camera in the break room. But thanks to advancements in sensors, algorithms and other tech, much more can now be monitored.
Australian miners, drivers and more are wearing brain-scanning SmartCaps to watch for fatigue and boost safety, while an app from Plasticity Labs surveys workers throughout the day to track their happiness and try to boost their wellbeing. NCR's software watches for a high-number of voided sales in shops and restaurants, a sign of possible theft, and BP in the US gave Fitbit trackers to staff as part of a health campaign. Even telematics in trucks are used to keep watch on driver behaviour, letting bosses send a message nagging them to buckle up; while insurer AIG is investing in Human Condition Safety, which makes safety vests that aim to prevent injuries with sensors.
Video of AIG & Human Condition Safety: Wearables and Worker Safety
That may all seem more like Concerned Mum than Big Brother, but there are others: companies can even use GPS on work smartphones to see where out-of-office staff have wandered off to. While an extreme use of the technology, this Wall Street Journal article about a pest-control business owner who used GPS to track and fire drivers who slacked off on the job will give pause to any office-hours cheaters.
Big Brother boss: What can your employer do?
Not surprisingly, emails sent between employees on the company server are fair game, but your boss can do much more than that. According to the Citizens Advice Bureau, employers “have the right to monitor your activities in many situations at work”, listing the ability to open mail or email; record phone calls; see what websites you visit, and record you on camera.
“Big Brother bosses don't get the best out of employees. Staff who are being snooped on are less productive and less healthy.”
The European Court of Human Rights this week ruled that a company can read private messages sent during work time. The case surrounds a Romanian engineer who argued that their employer breached their right to privacy by accessing their Yahoo Messenger. The court disagreed, believing the company's claim that since the account was initially set up to speak to professional contacts, the company should be able to access it the same as work email, even though the worker was also using it for private conversations.
That doesn't mean your boss can access your personal Gmail account simply because you check it from work now and then, but if your company has a policy against personal communication during work hours, you could still lose your job over it, as unreasonable as that clearly is.
Indeed, Trades Union Congress general secretary Frances O'Grady warned companies not to see the ruling as a green light to snoop on workers' emails. “Big Brother bosses don't get the best out of employees,” they told the BBC. “Staff who are being snooped on are less productive and less healthy.” And academics agree.
Big Brother boss: Mental health and monitoring
Monitoring tech might catch out late employees, cheating sales staff and sleepy drivers, but it can also damage the mental health of everyone under the boss' watchful eye.
Kirstie Ball, professor of organisation at the Open University Business School and director for the Centre for Research into Information Surveillance and Privacy, has extensively studied how monitoring makes staff feel. Observing employees is part of a manager's job, they note, but it can become controversial when there's low trust between workers and management. These trust issues can occur when jobs are at risk, workplace surveillance hasn't been explained, or staff feel powerless to challenge decisions made off the back of this collected surveillance data and information.
“The main issue concerns how monitoring in the workplace can intensify stress for workers, including things like low self-esteem, anxiety and depression,” they told Alphr. “If monitoring intensifies physical work, consequences can also include pain and musculoskeletal discomfort.”
"The main issue concerns how monitoring in the workplace can intensify stress for workers, including things like low self-esteem, anxiety and depression."
Researchers Debora Jeske and Alecia Santuzzi noted that covert, continuous or unpredictable surveillance tends to lead to “more negative attitudes on the job and towards the organisation” – no surprise, but clearly it didn't occur to The Telegraph's management. Their research also suggests that close monitoring leads employees to report more stress and feel they have no control organising their workloads.
“EPM [electronic performance monitoring] can have indirect influences on the extent to which employees are able to organise work activities according to their own preference, which might have negative effects on employee reactions and performance outcomes,” their report adds.
The study also found a “deleterious” effect on staff from phone, camera and IM/chat monitoring, particularly “in-flight” checks that don't leave staff time to fix an error before a boss spots it. However, less invasive monitoring such as recording login times on computers and tracking locations weren't damaging – potentially because they were used in specific, sensitive industries such as health or financial, where the employee also saw the need.
And whether or not management cares about your mental wellbeing, the Jeske and Santuzzi research notes that job satisfaction “has been shown to have a modest, but relatively consistent, positive influence on work performance”. They add: “Thus, the informational benefits of implementing EPM features must be considered in light of potential unexpected costs in performance due to negative psychological reactions from employees.”
Big Brother boss: Wellness stalking
Of course, as sensor technology improves and becomes more ubiquitous, the effects could worsen. “The big one for me at the moment is corporate wellness, which links to the body-sensor technology which caused controversy at The Telegraph,” notes Professor Ball. “However, many of these programmes rely on staff using wearable technologies which lay their embodied practices bare for their bosses to see. I am less comfortable with this because of the level of insight into what a person does, the type of conclusions that can be drawn about them, the tracking possibilities and so on.”
Although the technology may be new, the challenge isn't, they note. “There'll always be a struggle to maintain the boundaries of the work/non-work self, but human beings are very canny. Now we're in an age where people have to consciously manage their work and non-work identities.”
“There is much more work involved nowadays in managing your identity within the workplace and maintaining your personal boundaries when in employment."
And while Ball stresses there is no “agreed definition” of privacy, the idea is useful for drawing a line between work and play. “It's possible for employers to get a much more fine-grained picture of who's working for them, what they are like, where they are and so on,” they said. “There is much more work involved nowadays in managing your identity – including one's electronic identity – within the workplace and maintaining your personal boundaries when in employment. It has also altered the boundaries between work and non-work settings, which is becoming more difficult to manage.”
“Privacy is a useful concept to deploy not only to protect one's time outside work but also the spaces in which one lives, one's close personal and family relationships, one's non-work life in general,” they added. In other words, keeping your private life away from your Big Brother boss may be the only way to keep your sanity at work. It may be wise to resist the temptation to take that “free” management-offered step counter home with you.
Age statements on a bottle of whisky can be both a good and bad thing. Consumers often like them because they help ensure that they are getting what they pay for. Distillers like them because, for older malts, they can charge a lot more. The problem is, however, that how old a whisky is doesn't tell how good it is, or really all that much about its character. To make matters more complicated, the Scotch Whisky industry has been experiencing significant shortages in older malts due to unexpectedly high demand and growth in the category. In the blended whisky space, this has lead to non-age statement releases like Johnnie Walker Double Black. While the trend has been a little less prevalent in the single malt whisky space, a few notable companies have found traction with non-age statement releases, like Ardbeg, whose Ardbeg Alligator and Ardbeg Uigeadail have been very successful.
Talisker, owned by Diageo, is a key malt in the Johnnie Walker Red Label blend. As such, its often sweet and affable character should be familiar to many drinkers. Talisker is now making its own foray into non-age statement whisky with the release of Talisker Storm Whisky. Talisker Storm is a single malt whisky comprised of whiskies from the Talisker distillery aged between 3 and 25 years. It is designed to fit right between Talisker 10 Year Whisky and Talisker Distiller's Edition (which varies in age) in Talisker's portfolio. Talisker is located on the Isle of Skye, which often classifies it under the “island” or “maritime” style of Scotch whisky, although it's traditionally far less smokey and peaty than its brethren on Islay like Caol Ila and Lagavulin.
Talisker Storm Single Malt Whisky (45.8% / 91.6 proof, $66) is dark gold in color with a nose that is instantly recognizable as a part of the Johnnie Walker universe, especially the deep honey, apricot, and honeysuckle. Just underneath these bright, sweet, fruity, and floral notes is a nice light smoke and briny oyster shell that is a hallmark of marine style Scotch whisky. There is a peek of some of the younger malt in the nose with a touch of fire, but that's well counterpointed by the more lush aromas in the nose. The entry for Talisker Storm is classic Talisker with honey, malt, apricot, pear, and honeysuckle leading the charge, but things quickly shift in the midpalate with a strong salinity and undercurrent of peat smoke. In the midpalate there's also a nice amount of spice including black pepper and clove, and supported by a little heat from the young malt. The midpalate serves to showcase the balance between some of the older and younger malts in the mix as well as Talisker Storm's sweeter and more savory notes. The finish is medium length and focuses much more on the spice and smoke elements of the whisky. It's here where Talisker Storm is at its smokiest with a finish of ashy peat fire.
While we tend not to be fans of younger malts, Talisker and by extension Diageo's Master Blender, Jim Beveridge, have done a solid job of using the fire, spice, and raw smoke qualities of the younger malt to balance out the thick honey sweetness of their older malt. The combination works because it's balanced. For every sweet and lush note in the mix there's a savory counterpoint. Talisker Storm also has the unmistakable DNA from Johnnie Walker (or rather the other way around), and so Johnnie Walker drinkers (especially Johnnie Walker Red) are going to find some very familiar sensibilities and flavors presented here, well counterbalanced with some decidedly new ones. Priced $6 over Talisker's 10 year offering, Diageo has kept Talisker Storm from being astronomically priced, although it's still perhaps a little spendy for something with such a hefty quantity of younger malt in it. Most importantly, however, is that Talisker Storm represents a significant shift in the single malt whisky space toward focusing on the character of a whisky over its age. If done right, this could produce some interesting and unique malts; done wrong, we'll all be swilling too-young whisky covered by drops of old. Talisker Storm manages to stay on the better side of this equation with a nicely balanced malt that has some nice character.
The intensely fishy smell of herring has been the smell of money for generations of workers in Maine who have snipped, sliced and packed the small, silvery fish into billions of cans of sardines on their way to Americans' lunch buckets and kitchen cabinets.
For the past 135 years, sardine canneries have been as much a part of Maine's small coastal villages as the thick Down East fog. It's been estimated that more than 400 canneries have come and gone along the state's long, jagged coast.
The lone survivor, the Stinson Seafood plant here in this eastern Maine shoreside town, shuts down this week after a century in operation. It is the last sardine cannery not just in Maine, but in the United States.
Lela Anderson, 78, has worked in sardine canneries since the 1940s and was among the fastest in sardine-packing contests that were held back in the day. Them packing days are over; now she's a quality-control inspector looking over the bite-sized morsels in can after can that passes by them
"It just doesn't seem possible this is the end," Anderson lamented last week while taking a break at the plant where she's worked for 54 years. They and nearly 130 co-workers will lose their jobs.
Once considered an imported delicacy, sardines now have a humble reputation. They aren't one species of fish. Instead, sardines are any of dozens of small, oily, cold-water fish that are part of the herring family that are sold in tightly packed cans.
The first U.S. sardine cannery opened in Maine in 1875, when a New York business person set up the Eagle Preserved Fish Co. in Eastport.
Dozens of plants soon popped up, sounding loud horns and whistles to alert local workers when a boat came in with its catch from the herring-rich ocean waters off Maine. By 1900 there were 75 canneries, where knife-wielding men, women and young children expertly sliced off heads and tails and removed innards before packing them tight into sardine tins.
These days most of the canning is automated and the fish are cut with machines, though still packed by hand. The Stinson packers are all women because they are thought to have stronger backs and better dexterity than men, according to plant manager Peter Colson.
Inside the spacious Stinson plant, dozens of workers in hairnets, aprons and gloves sort, pack and cook the herring that stream along flumes and conveyors. The fish are blanched in a 208-degree steamer for 12 minutes and later, cooked in sealed cans at about 250 degrees for 35 minutes.
Ear plugs muffle the cacophony of clanking cans, rattling conveyor belts, rumbling motors and hissing steam. A fishy smell hangs in the air. Outside, a billboard-sized sign of a fisherman in yellow oilskins holding an oversized can of Beach Cliff sardines, the plant's primary product, serves as reminder of Maine's long sardine history.
Colson has been in the sardine business for 38 years. They got their first job as a youngster at another cannery, an hour's drive away, where their father was the manager.
"This is it. We don't have any more," Colson said as they watched workers swiftly pack cans in assembly line fashion. "It's not easy seeing this go."
Production at Maine canneries has been sliding since peaking at 384 million cans in 1950. Faced with declining demand and a changing business climate, the plants went by the wayside one by one until, five years ago, the Stinson plant was the last one standing. Last year it produced 30 million cans.
Still, it came as a surprise to employees when Bumble Bee Foods LLC - which has owned the facility since 2004 - announced in February that the plant would close because of steep cuts in the amount of herring fishermen are allowed to catch in the Northeast. The New England Fishery Management Council set this year's herring quota at 91,000 metric tons - down from 180,000 tons in 2004 - because of the uncertain scientific outlook of the region's herring population.
Shortages have forced San Diego-based Bumble Bee to truck in much of the herring needed at the Maine plant from its other cannery in Blacks Harbour, New Brunswick, and from herring suppliers as far away as New Jersey. Even without the quota cuts, the plant was under pressure from shrinking consumer demand, increased foreign competition - primarily from China and Thailand - and thin margins and low prices on the retail market.
Sardines at one time were an inexpensive staple for many Americans who packed them into their lunchboxes and enjoyed a can or two - or perhaps a sardine sandwich - for lunch. The fish - usually packed in oil or in sauces such as mustard, hot sauce, tomato or green chilies - can still be had at supermarkets for a little over $1 a can, but they're not in too many lunch pails these days.
Ronnie Peabody, who runs the Maine Coast Sardine History Museum in the town of Jonesport 35 miles up the road from the Stinson plant, has a cookbook published in 1950 called "58 Ways to Serve Sardines." It includes recipes for sardine soup, sardine casserole, baked eggs and sardines, and creamed sardines and spinach.
Sardine consumption began falling decades ago, they said, after canned tuna came on the market and Americans' tastes changed. The closing of the last U.S. cannery is the end of an era, they said.
"It's like reading an obituary in the paper," they said. "It's really sad, but what can you do?"
When the last sardine can is packed on Thursday, plant workers say it'll be like a family being split up.
Many of the employees have worked together for decades. Anderson, a tiny woman with strong hands and a strong back from years of packing small fish pieces into cans, said she'll be leaving behind close friends when the plant closes.
But they won't much miss the sardines, which they don't eat.
"I'm not saying I hate them," they said, "I'm just saying I'm not a big eater of them."
Talks are in the works to sell the plant to another company to process lobster or other seafoods. Bumble Bee has invested more than $11 million in the plant in recent years, and there's a work force at the ready.
Bumble Bee operates one of the last two U.S. clam canneries, in Cape May, N.J., and of the last two domestic tuna canneries, in California. But the days of sardine canning in the U.S. are probably gone, said Chris Lischewski, Bumble Bee's president and CEO.
"I would never say never, but I'd say it's pretty unlikely," Lischewski said in a phone interview from California.
In Monterey, Calif., a group of self-described "sardinistas" has taken on the task of trying to get Americans to eat more sardines. It was in Monterey where sardine canneries were made famous in John Steinbeck's 1945 novel, "Cannery Row," about the misfits and outcasts on a street lined with sardine canneries.
The group is formulating a business plan in hopes of returning "the lowly sardine to the American palate," said Mike Sutton, a vice president at the Monterey Bay Aquarium, who says sardines - high in beneficial omega-3 fatty acids, low in contaminants - are among the healthiest seafoods around.
But not canned sardines. Sutton's group wants to promote fresh sardines sold at white-tablecloth restaurants or in foil packs or in prepared foods at retail stores, much the way tuna and salmon are now sold.
"We recognize the American public turns their noses up at sardines," Sutton said. "It may be a challenge and it may be insurmountable, but our motto is 'It's not your grandfather's sardine."'
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's Lotte Group will continue to invest in its China business despite diplomatic tensions over the deployment of a U.S. missile defense system, a Lotte executive said on Monday, denying rumors it wants to scale back there.
Hwang Kag-gyu, head of Lotte Corporate Innovation Office, speaks during a news conference in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Chinese authorities closed dozens of Lotte retail stores following inspections, ramping up pressure on Korea's fifth-largest family-run conglomerate after it agreed to provide land for the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system outside Seoul.
South Korea and its ally the United States say the system is designed to thwart nuclear-armed North Korea's missile threat, but Beijing says its radar can also reach far into China. Chinese state media have called for a boycott of Lotte businesses in response to the THAAD deployment.
“It's been 20 years since Lotte entered the China market ... we believe the China business is still in an investment period,” high-ranking executive Hwang Kag-gyu told reporters.
South Korean media including Yonhap have raised the possibility of Lotte scaling back its China business in the wake of the backlash against the company there.
Lotte has not outlined a strategy to cope with the difficulties besides “waiting” for it to blow over.
Chinese signs reading “(We) understand you. So (we) wait,” were put up in Lotte's flagship department store in Seoul last month.
“As a market, China isn't yet fully developed, especially in the middle and western regions. In order to grow globally, China is needed,” a Lotte official who declined to be identified said.
“The THAAD issue is not something one company can solve.”
Out of 99 Lotte hypermarkets in China, 75 had been closed by Chinese authorities as of April 2, a Lotte Mart spokesperson said. Lotte Mart reported 1.13 trillion won ($1.01 billion) in China sales last year.
China is Lotte's biggest overseas market and generated about 3 trillion won in 2016 revenue. It is one of four strategic markets along with Vietnam, Russia and Indonesia that Lotte has been focusing on, as retail growth in its home market slows.
Hwang said the planned initial public offering of Hotel Lotte would depend on its key duty-free business recovering from the “THAAD effect”. What had been a $4.5 billion IPO was shelved last year.
“All we can do is watch,” they said.
South Korean airlines and tourism operators have also experienced discriminatory tactics from China, hitting the country's duty-free market.
Thibaut Pinot finished seventh in this year's Vuelta a España, three places better than their 2012 Tour de France performance and the Frenchman has claimed that Chris Horner was stronger in this year's Vuelta than Chris Froome during last year's Tour.
Froome finished second in last year's Tour while Horner went onto win the Vuelta in September, becoming the oldest grand tour winner in the process.
"In terms of watts my the Vuelta was better than my Tour de France," they told Velochrono. Being at the front in both races, gave Pinot a chance to compare both Froome and Horner.
"I think Chris Horner in 2013 was better than Chris Froome in the 2012 Tour de France. I could follow Froome on multiple occasions while I could only follow Horner once, on stage 16, of the Vuelta. I think the Vuelta top four [Horner, Nibali, Valverde, Rodríguez were stronger than the top three of the 2012 Tour [Wiggins, Froome, Nibali]."
FDJ.fr had a very successful season with 33 wins. It prompted the French national lottery to extend its sponsorship of the team through 2016. Despite the record amount of wins, Pinot didn't manage a single victory in 2013.
"I did miss winning this year. The past two years I won races and this year none. I ride my bike to win but on WorldTour level you have to be prepared that you do not win. Plus the fact I am a climber. Look at Alberto Contador who only won a stage in Tour de San Luis this year. I was the closest to winning in Tour de Suisse but finished fourth. I could have done better there."
After their tenth place in the overall of the 2012 Tour de France expectations on the young Frenchman were high. In this year's Tour they could not live up to the expectations. Their 2013 campaign was marred by bad luck - they got ill with a throat infection - and their apparent fear of descending prevented them from repeating their result of the previous year. Pinot left the Tour de France after the Mont Ventoux stage.
"I need a goal when I ride, when I train, in everything. The overall classification is a goal, otherwise I would finish last in all the flat stages. When I lost that goal in the Tour de France things fell flat. I already thought about the Vuelta after the stage to Ax 3 Domains [where they lost six minutes on Froome] but because it's the Tour you don't want to abandon too soon."
They worked tirelessly on their descending skills and went to the Vuelta a España, far from the high expectations of the French public. The race was a big success for FDJ.fr with stage wins for Kenny Elissonde and Alexandre Geniez, and a seventh place in the overall for Pinot.
"I had already planned to do both this year. The Tour-Vuelta is unlike the Giro-Tour. I won't go to the Giro to look at the landscape. I would go to Italy for the overall classification. For me it's hard to say no to the GC. It would be a waste of time otherwise. I said at the Tour presentation that I would do the Tour-Vuelta again but we'll have to confirm next year's programme at the team training camp coming up next."
Pinot starts their 2014 season in the Tour of Oman. "I don't want to ride the same programme every year." Related Articles Pinot looks to forget Tour de France in Spain
Pinot to drive racing car to improve descending
Pinot finds form at the Vuelta a España
Froome free of parasitic disease bilharzia
Pinot wants to make peace with the Tour de France
Pinot pulls out of Oman
By Cory Woodroof
There's no use in trying to talk about it, trying to make sense with it, trying to come to peace with it, trying to banish it away like an otherworldly monster terrorizing your small town.
The Atlanta Falcons, yes, our guys, blew a 28-3 lead in the Super Bowl to the most hated sports franchise of all time, in front of everybody, and there's absolutely nothing we can do about it.
This public display of unbridled embarrassment is kind of like if you diarrhea-pooped your white pants at a big party while trying to do the splits. After a night of impressive dancing and cajoling in front of that one girl you've been trying to ask out for ages, you have boom-boomed in your britches in the most ferocious way while in a compromising position, and the sight and stench of this horrid act is now on display for everyone to see.
You're the dude who crapped themselves at that one party, and you're never going to live it down. You're the Chocolate Split.
That's what 28-3 is – it's a menacingly-funny meme for everyone who doesn't watch the Falcons every Sunday, a wart on your forehead, the spirit of Nelson Muntz “ha-ha”-ing you at every step. The Tweets, the jokes from your friend from college, the gentle chiding from public announcers (you're dead to me, Collingsworth! Dead! Do you hear me!).
28-3 is a scar you can't get rid of. But, you know, dang it, it's ours. The Super Bowl is a blatant embarrassment and will forever be a defining factor of the franchise, but gracious, it's something that is ours.
I can't scrub February 5th from my mind. Neither can you. I was convinced this was it. This was the night the Falcons would pop the balloon that's seemingly one pace ahead of them in the wind – Charlie Brown would finally kick Lucy's football.
The first half was a miracle – a full-blown, non-stop miracle. The Falcons absolutely, positively skunked Tom Brady and Bill Belichick on national television. Robert Alford sent Brady flailing into the Houston grass after picking off their pass and taking it back home for seven. That image – the one of Brady starring down the most humiliating moment in their professional career – could have been iconic. It could have been a dad gum statue outside of Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
The Falcons – yes, the freaking Falcons – could have been the Giants magnified. Forget David Tyree. The Falcons could have stomped out the Patriots Super Flame before it even got going. New England didn't even keep it close – they got thrashed, courtesy of Dan Quinn's Brotherhood of feisty footballers.
Obviously, 28-3. Lucy was always going to pull the football. C'mon, man. We've seen this movie.
The second half isn't worth mentioning. It never is. Outside of Julio Jones making that amazing catch that is now discarded from Super Bowl lore because of that Julian Edelman catch that I'm still unsure didn't involve some kind of dark science we're not sure of yet, it was a travesty.
Instead of “The Disorienting,” Marky Mark and the Bostonians celebrated “The Comeback” Thursday night – the obnoxiously improbable 25-point march to evening the score that defied logic. The Falcons so badly bungled their momentum – not helped by Matt Ryan's headset going out, RB Tevin Coleman and T Ryan Schraeder going down with injuries and an ailing C Alex Mack fading fast into the game, the young defense putting out more snaps during the half than is reasonable and gassing themselves to “E,” the play calling so defiant during a time of situational football, the resurging Patriot-ness likely inspired by Bill Belichick grumbling some dumb thing about doing your job.
The Falcons slowly crapped themselves while doing the split in front of all of us on the world stage, with every sack-fumble, holding call, missed opportunity, miscalled play and Patriot-y Patriot thing yet another partygoer noticing the big, brown stain and grotesque poop-fume searing from the back of our pristine white pantaloons.
28-3. What a dang way to go out.
Throughout the second half, I was hopeful but increasingly nervous, because the Falcons seemed bent on ruining this most wonderful of moments – every encouraging step during the comeback set ablaze by an injury or bone-stinging mistake. My uncle chided me that the Patriots were going to come back and win this thing. My mom would peer in every few minutes to ask me what was happening with Atlanta. But, you know, surely, they weren't going to blow this.
Lol, Cory, you know the ending.
The ensuing hours that followed involved me leaving my grandmom's before even saying goodbye to anyone right as the game ended, tearing through their front yard like a love-sick teenager in a John Hughes film, a random drive around my little sub-sect of Nashville to, I don't know, think, a reassuring call to Mike Aprile to try and process what the heck just happened, slowly-and-surely responding to Tweets and texts making sure I had not dissipated into the air, coming home and venting into the ceiling, and churning out a 2, 000-word column about how it was all going to be okay and that better days were ahead, getting to work the next day and hugging my co-workers like I had just lost a family member, buying a Matt Ryan MVP shirt to have something to commemorate whatever the 2016 was, which I'm still not sure but view it as good and also bad but mainly good and fun but also what in the world but also it's good and also not but ok I can live with it, decided I would become a Georgia fan and bought a t-shirt to commemorate the occasion and then worked all day and recorded a podcast when I got home, lamenting on holy cow what just happened.
The months ahead would involve cringing every time I heard 28-3, thinking I had finally gotten over it, then figuring out well, no, of course you won't because it's impossible to get over something like that, and then, coming to the inevitable conclusion that even I, at one point or another, will laugh at a 28-3 joke, because if we can't learn to accept, own, and even laugh at, our worst moments, they'll never leave us alone.
I've decided to own 28-3 this season. I'm owning the poopy white pants. Every time someone cracks a joke, shows a Super Bowl highlight reel, tries to slide into my metaphorical DMs with one of those stupid “28-3” box scores that are so original and hilarious, a regular day Mark Twain of graphics, I'm going to slide it on my plate. They're my disgusting Brussels sprouts. Want a bite?
The Falcons are not a boring franchise. When we lose, we flabbergasting-fail. When we win, we pull out a Speilbergian moment of wonder. There is no middle ground, no slow day at the races, no ham-fisted mediocrity. The Falcons are either going to lift you up as high as the Sun or bury you as deep as those weird sea creatures that lurk at the most bottom of the ocean.
I have no idea how 2017 is going to go. I think they win the Super Bowl next year. I truly do. We went through the worst of collapses. The only logical way for this to end, in my view, is with a dramatic finish in Super Bowl 52 (in Minnesota, the place where all your Falcon-y dreams come true). All the pundits were lazy and picked the Patriots, Packers and Seahawks mainly, which makes me feel better, because early season predictions usually don't come true anyhow and those ideas are just like dogs returning to their vomit.
If they don't, it'll be in another pain-staking agonizing way – it won't be just because another team was better, or Matt Ryan just wasn't on that day, or homefield advantage for the other team. No way, no how. They're either going to rise like the phoenix or go down in flames once again.
So, 28-3. The most recent thing. I own it. I'll wear a dang shirt. You should too. If we're going to suffer, why not be proud that it's *our* burden to bear? The Cardinals don't get 28-3, nor do the Rams, Chargers, Bills, Bucs or stupid Saints (wearing the shame badge of 7-9 is way more indicative of a team sucking anyway). We get it. 28-3 is ours, in all its shaming, annoying brilliance.
What other football team gets the chance to win a Super Bowl, and promptly bungles it so badly it becomes a life-long running gag?
Even if we win the next 30 Super Bowls, you really think 28-3 is going anywhere?
So, embrace it. Laugh at it. Make it one of our crowning jewels.
We're the team who blew a 28-3 lead in the Super Bowl. Come at me, bro.
Your bizarre pride might lead to your eventual healing. It's working for me. Maybe you too.
They can light a bulb with their hand. They can control electrical currents.  They are a man who isn't afraid of direct contact with electricity.
Ma Xiangang, an ordinary man living in Daqing, a city in northeastern China's Heilongjiang province, has a strange gift of being able to touch electricity without being shocked. They can touch 220-volt electric wires without any protection and appear as if it is nothing.
On a recent TV program, Ma held two electric wires in their hands and easily lit a bulb.
Ma learned about their gift over 20 years ago. One day, while watching TV with their wife, the television suddenly went out. Ma checked it and found a wire outside had been broken by the wind. Ma picked up the broken wire. They first touched the ends tentatively. They felt no electricity, so they connected the two broken ends together.
After they fixed the broken line, Ma suddenly realized it was not normal. The wire carried electricity, but they fixed it with their bare hands.
“Why am I not affected by electricity?” Ma asked himself.
They decided to try again and finally learned direct contact with electricity does not harm him. Instead, it makes them energetic.
Gradually, Ma became addicted to touching electricity and learned to control the voltage passing through their body. Ma claims that they can use their specialty to conduct electrotherapy and massage for others.
Ma's special powers have also drawn the attention of experts. After careful analysis, experts believe the secret lies in Ma's hands. The skin of their hands is much rougher and drier than others, functioning like a pair of insulated gloves. Their tough skin prevents most of the electricity from entering Ma's body. The actual current passing through Ma's body only contains six milliamperes, while the safety limits for ordinary people is 8-10 milliamperes.
http://english.cri.cn/2906/2007/01/08/65@182653.htm
Advertisements
SEATTLE -- A Seattle woman claims they were attacked while trying to confront the occupiers of a nuisance van that was parked in front of their home for weeks.
Cynthia Nelson said they noticed problems with noise, garbage, and drugs as soon as the van appeared on the public, gravel parking strip.
"When you see needles on the ground that have been used by people, you don't want that in your neighborhood," Nelson said. "I just got fed up."
Nelson said they reached their breaking point on March 10 after several failed attempts to try to get the van out of their neighborhood.
They approached the van and heard someone cursing inside, they said.
Nelson said they smashed several of the van's windows hoping to get the person's attention.
"I just broke the windows. Not my finest hour probably," Nelson said.
The next thing Nelson remembers was they were on their porch with a bloody face waiting for an ambulance to take them to the hospital, they said. Nelson suffered a broken bone in their face and severe bruises near their nose and eyes. A portion of the left side of their face is now swollen.
"I feel violated that someone put their hands on me. And I don't remember," Nelson said. "Everything hurts. I want my headaches to stop. I want my nightmare to end. I want to feel safe when I got outside," they said.
Nelson said they probably could have approached the situation differently.
The van was spotted early Friday evening about 7 blocks north of their home.
The van's owner, who told KOMO News they are homeless, said he's spent the past 2 months in the hospital and doesn't know who attacked Nelson.
"You don't just do that. It's not the right way to handle things. you know what i mean? You call police or you do it the right way," said John Bagwell.
Nelson said they tried contacting the Seattle Police Department but got little help.
They grew up on the street where the attack happened, but over the years drugs and prostitution have taken their toll on the area, they said.
I actions on March 10 were their way of trying to stop the demise, they said.
"Don't try to apprehend anybody by yourself. That's my mistake," Nelson said.
A Seattle police spokesperson said the case has been assigned to detectives but had no further details.
Tojatara Profile Joined May 2011 Poland 17 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-16 22:40:12 #1
Oh, what's that? BarCraft in Szczecin? Damn right!
I'm thrilled to announce BarCraft Szczecin at Pinokio Club. With its renewed halls, giant screens, comfy lodges, kind bartender and a great variety of alcoholic bevrages, Pionokio is the perfect place for you to enjoy the awesomeness that MLG Providence wil surely turn out to be.
The event will take place on Championship Sunday, starting at 16.00 and will end with Tyler winning the whole thing (here's hoping!). But seriously, we'll go all the way for sure. We also have some guessing games planned for the night, including: "Who's gonna win that?", "Which overlord is ultralisk in?", "How many times JP says Sean" and so on. Remember, alcohol is at stake so bring your A game!
And finally, if BarCraft goes well, it will increase the likelines of Pinokio hosting local starcraft legaue, following barcrafts and other Starcraft-related events in its walls. So, if you are a person who enjoys good fun, drinking games, esports and the growth of the local gaming community, do join me for Barcraft Szczecin at Pinokio Club.
Peace!
Link to the event on facebook: Oh, what's that? BarCraft in Szczecin? Damn right!I'm thrilled to announce BarCraft Szczecin at Pinokio Club. With its renewed halls, giant screens, comfy lodges, kind bartender and a great variety of alcoholic bevrages, Pionokio is the perfect place for you to enjoy the awesomeness that MLG Providence wil surely turn out to be.The event will take place on Championship Sunday, starting at 16.00 and will end with Tyler winning the whole thing (here's hoping!). But seriously, we'll go all the way for sure. We also have some guessing games planned for the night, including: "Who's gonna win that?", "Which overlord is ultralisk in?", "How many times JP says Sean" and so on. Remember, alcohol is at stake so bring your A game!And finally, if BarCraft goes well, it will increase the likelines of Pinokio hosting local starcraft legaue, following barcrafts and other Starcraft-related events in its walls. So, if you are a person who enjoys good fun, drinking games, esports and the growth of the local gaming community, do join me for Barcraft Szczecin at Pinokio Club.Peace!Link to the event on facebook: http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=138847556223116&view=wall&ref=notif¬if_t=event_wall
The Australian electricity grid's most recently announced extremity is a gargantuan battery system in South Australia, designed to bolster grid security. The facility has been met mostly with a warm welcome, interspersed with weird, interesting and tense hostility. Buried in the mix of reactions is clues about how a new phase of grid transition might play out, as we switch from the rapid build out of zero carbon power sources to building and integrating them into a system designed for fossil fuels.
Before we interrogate the misunderstandings of South Australia's new battery, we have to step back and look at the system as a single, electric organism.
Tesla to build world's biggest lithium-ion battery in South Australia Read more
The National Electricity Market (NEM) (Western Australia is excluded – it's made up several smaller grids) is long, thin and connected by a web of wires. It's Australia's biggest machine. Within the bowels of this machine, every millisecond, a balance is struck between power generated and power consumed. When a big chunk of either disappears suddenly, like several voltage-tripped wind farms did in response to fallen power line last September, the balance (frequency) is thrown off. If this balance veers too dramatically outside a safe operating envelope, the grid shudders to a halt.
The Australian Energy Market Operator, Aemo, sits at the helm of Australia's biggest machine, pulling many thousands of levers to keep frequency – the fine balance of supply and demand – within an acceptable band. They monitor how fast frequency changes, and they use a variety of tools to wrestle it back into the safe envelope when they spy it heading out of the safe zone. In addition to millisecond frequency changes, Aemo works at an hourly level, ensuring supply meets demand – managing plant availability and resource availability (using wind and solar forecasts, and hydro reserve levels).
In the even-longer-term, policymakers and regulators have to start planning for the looming retirement of Australia's ageing, increasingly obsolete generation technology. This trio of timescales underpinning grid security is neatly summarised in this Bloomberg graphic, outlining how renewable energy necessitates a more complex management of grid security:
South Australia's new battery system is designed, very specifically, to address the “controlling frequency” chunk of the reliability challenge – another tool in Aemo's toolbox for wrestling frequency into that safe range, by pulling the levers of the market.
Lithium-ion batteries are perfectly suited to our millisecond needs – they're quick to build and incredibly responsive, with no moving parts. As opposed to major projects like coal-fired power stations and pumped hydro, these plants can spring up quite quickly.
Other battery systems are better suited to the middle, minute-level chunk of the grid security challenge, such as Australian company Lyon's SA-based solar/battery combo with a potential expanded capacity of 500 megawatt hours – just under four times the potential duration of Tesla's wind-connected beast.
South Australia's new battery is a very specific answer to a very specific question. The nuances of the question are understandably impenetrable for the vast majority of energy consumers, and, less forgivably, a worrying number of commentators.
Alan Jones (@AlanJones) South Australia needs a peak load of 3,100 megawatts. World's biggest battery will supply 100- a total of 79 minutes. Then flat. #auspol
Alan Jones (@AlanJones) Elon Musk won't be able to produce a thirtieth of the energy demand of South Australia. They should be sent home and not given a cent #auspol
Federal MP George Christensen criticised the storage system for not meeting peak demand, as did the deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, Senator Malcolm Roberts and a range of conservative columnists at various media outlets. Senator Cory Bernardi seems to believe the battery will only generate power for 15 minutes during its lifespan. The assumption underlying these arguments is very odd: that any new infrastructure must be able to meet all statewide demand for a very long time.
The misunderstanding stems from the confusion between timescales. An hour seems tiny in the context of the endless days of a hot summer, but it'll be an eternity in those milliseconds when a sudden, rapid injection of power is needed to halt a rapid skew in the balance between supply and demand. Criticising SA's battery for not meeting peak demand is a fundamental misunderstanding of the nuances of grid security. Alan Jones is furious at a pair of scissors because they have correctly predicted it'll take quite some time to mow their lawn with them.
Part of why this blinkered understanding of grid security exists is an intense dependence on the word “baseload”. It's an outdated way of understanding the complex and increasingly dynamic interplay between supply and demand on the grid – Australia's biggest machine is changing, piece by piece.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Image source - Reisz et al, UNSW, 2015 - modelling 100% renewable energy Photograph: UNSW Centre for Energy and Environmental Markets
The technologies and philosophies of grid management are shifting under our feet. Though the outcomes are largely the same – power flows into our appliances when we summon it – the changes underneath the hood are going to be huge. Assuming new grid technologies will precisely replicate the service provided by hulking power stations is akin to raging at your smartphone because it can't send a fax. It gets the job done, but it does it in a smarter, more connected way.
There's more to this story than a disconnection between grid knowledge, or a denial of big grid changes. Part of the ferocity response comes too from how uniquely tripartisan these moments will be. Technologies that aren't held as symbolic of political allegiances are poor candidates for cultural and ideological sparring. Tony Abbott, who recently called for a federal prohibition on converting the kinetic energy of wind to electricity, has left the battery news well alone.
Elon Musk's big battery brings reality crashing into a post-truth world | Tim Hollo Read more
SA's energy plan was welcomed by LNP voters, Labor voters and Greens voters alike. A flexible, responsive grid creates an incredibly diverse collection of economic opportunities for startups to capitalise on clever solutions, and it clears the way for rapid emissions reductions on the grid. Consumers are happy too, met with the opportunity to save money on their bills as they become active participants in the traditionally passive process of consuming electricity. These efforts to integrate renewables and update grid technology exist so distant from the baffling trenches of the wind turbine culture wars. There's no doubt this inspires frustration.
Storage technologies, whether they're electronic tweezers used to tweak millisecond-level frequency changes or whether they're long-running technologies servicing weeks of demand, are in the crosshairs because they're likely to hasten emissions reductions while shoring up reliability in a grid built on a new philosophy of flexibility. Every new piece of the puzzle will be attacked because it doesn't resolve a complete picture, and judged on ludicrous standards not applied to existing fossil fuels.
There is some real optimism to be found in this state of affairs. If much of this reaction is due to a shifting, more technologically advanced energy system being infertile ground for long-running spats and ideological wrangling, so be it. Australia's biggest machine is going to transition in tiny increments. If the ecosystem of misunderstanding that has enveloped energy policy discourse for decades loses its lustre, the transition to a low-carbon, reliable, cheap grid might be quicker than we expect.
• Support our independent journalism and critical reporting on energy and the environment by giving a one-off or monthly contribution
Shortly after the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris, and nearly a year before terrorists killed 130 in coordinated strikes that rocked the City of Light, French security officials rejected an Israeli company's offer of terrorist-tracking software that could have helped them flag the deadly terror cell, a security expert said.
The offer of data-mining technology that would allow French authorities to “connect all the dots” in the Islamist extremist community was made to the Directorate-General for Internal Security, France's main intelligence agency. It is used to analyze and match up fragmented intelligence reports from several national and international databases, giving counter-terrorism agents the most up-to-date information on potential terrorists available.
The overture was rejected.
“The goods are boycotted in European supermarkets. But when they are in trouble they run to Israel for help.” — Daniel Sharon, Israeli security expert
“French authorities liked it, but the official came back and said there was a higher-level instruction not to buy Israeli technology,” a well-placed Israeli counter-terror specialist familiar with the technology and the company behind it told FoxNews.com. “The discussion just stopped.”
The Israeli source declined to name the company or detail the technology, which has been shared with the U.S. and other nations on good terms with Israel, other than to say it scans databases from multiple agencies and Interpol and pinpoints “high-risk” people. But they believe it could have given French authorities a chance at stopping the Nov. 13, 2015, attacks in Paris, and possibly the coordinated bombings in Brussels that killed 32 on March 22.
“Government agencies struggling to foil terror attacks need access to technologies that allow them to connect their data fragments, making it possible to handle daily data challenges,” the source said. “With this system, all data can then be easily navigated, processed and represented by employing a set of powerful analytic tools and unique algorithms.”
The offer followed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's pledge to work closely with Europe on enhancing security in the wake of the Brussels attacks, taken in Israel as a call for intelligence and technology sharing.
“In Paris or Brussels or San Bernardino or Tel Aviv or Jerusalem, terror must be condemned equally and it must be fought equally," Netanyahu said. "Israel stands ready to cooperate with all the nations in this great struggle."
No official reason was given for France's rejection of the offer, and the source acknowledged it could have been triggered by legitimate concerns about hacking vulnerability. Yet many suspect politics was to blame.
“The European Union has blamed Israel for everything that is happening in the Middle East and stopped cooperation in regards to military, law enforcement and intelligence training and banning university cooperation which [generates] much of the technology to fight terrorism,” said Itamar Gelbman, a former IDF Special Forces and who is now a counter-terrorism consultant.
DGSI did not respond to requests for comment and a European Union official told FoxNews.com that there is no formal French, or wider EU ban, on purchasing technology products made in Israel. However, tensions between the European Union and Israel have heightened in recent years, primarily over claims the Jewish State illegally occupies Palestinian territories.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has long divided the international community. Human rights groups routinely condemn Israel for repressing and harshly retaliating against Palestinian aggression, while Israel remains staunch that it acts in self-defense and to protect its people.
Kamal Nawash, an American attorney and president of the Free Muslims Coalition, noted that Europe's tough stance against Israel and hesitation in making technology purchases is an “example of the global community sending a message to Israel that its treatment of the Palestinians is unacceptable.”
“Israel would be wise to change its treatment of Palestinians by providing them with civil and human rights and pursuing a desegregation policy in general,” Nawash said. “Otherwise, Israel may experience the same fate as South Africa during the apartheid era with all the countries of the world boycotting Israel.”
The recent spate of terror attacks on European soil could bring about a resurgence in investment with Israeli tech and intelligence companies, given its undisputed status as a global leader in the field.
“Israel has been facing terror threats since its inception in 1948,” said Gilles Perez, manager of HLS & Aerospace Unit at the Israel Export Institute. “In the 1970s, it was Israel's national airline that pioneered the concept of an undercover security officer on every commercial flight long before it was adopted by other countries after September 11, almost 40 years later.”
Security at airports, such as Zaventem Airport in Brussels, where last month's bombing occurred, has long been an area of Israeli expertise. But intelligence, such as the system offered to French officials, could be even more crucial, said Col. Eran Lerman, former deputy chief of Israel's National Security Council and senior IDF Military Intelligence division director.
“However, the key to successful security has to be intelligence, in the broader sense of the word,” Lerman told Homeland Security Today. "For too many years, for very good reasons, Europeans have neglected the need for effective intelligence measures.”
Israel-based security training expert Daniel Sharon said that since the Brussels attacks last month there has been particular interest in airport and aviation security prevention concepts, interest that transcends popular protest.
“The goods are boycotted in European supermarkets,” Sharon said. “But when they are in trouble they run to Israel for help.”
Less than a week after the attacks in Brussels, Belgian law enforcement bought advanced surveillance and rapid view technology from Israeli company BriefCam. The technology is already in use at the Statue of Liberty and various U.S. airports, said President and CEO Dror Irani.
Israel's tech and security sector has long been an incubator for anti-terror solutions, say experts. The more France and Europe in general are threatened, the more willing they may be to work with companies based in the Jewish state.
“Israel is leading the field in counter-terrorism technology, but it's not a popular country,” said Ari Zoldan, CEO of technology and e-commerce firm Quantum Network. “It is unlikely that Israel will suddenly become popular, but the need for better national security will force people to work with Israeli solutions.”
Corrective Services Minister Mark Ryan said the Parole Board was appointed on merit. Credit:Tertius Pickard "I can't believe we're getting a question complaining about the number of women appointed to a parole board," they said. Here's what they said (full transcript): Mander: Minister I refer to page 18 of the SDS, and the question is about the new Parole Board which you've announced recently. You've talked about the fact that it's important to have diversity on that board and I'd agree with that. Minister, 68 per cent of these appointees are female and only 32 per cent are male. Of the professional members, 100 per cent are female, and that even exceeds the Labor party's quota system. How can you describe these appointments as diverse when there's such a major gender imbalance?
Ryan: I can't believe we're getting a question complaining about the number of women appointed to a parole board, my God, what will it come to next? We of course went through a merit-based process when it came to appointing members of the new Parole Board and what a calibre of people we've got on the Parole Board. The president of the Parole Board, Michael Byrne QC, a tremendous appointment, very talented in the law, a man who has an extensive criminal law practice and a fine legal mind. Not only a great appointment, but also a person who's very committed to the Sofronoff reforms. We also see two very experienced lawyers appointed as deputy president of the Parole Board, Peter Shields, a lawyer of many years, had their own practice, practice in the criminal law and also was on a number of Queensland Law Society committees in respect of the criminal law and other aspects of the law. And Julie Sharp, a barrister of some almost two decades from my understanding. We've also got a number of significant appointments too as committee and professional members of the Parole Board. So, you're right in identifying that we've got some magnificent people appointed as professional members of the Parole Board: Barbara Kent, an experienced barrister of 29 years, she's spent 25 years teaching law at the Queensland University of Technology, they have got proven experience and has been a...
You're right in identifying that we've got some magnificent people appointed as professional members of the Parole Board Minister Mark Ryan Mander: Minister, please don't read the qualifications for every member. Ryan: No, you're asking about... Mander: No, I'm asking about gender diversity. Ryan: No, you're implying that...
Mander: There are 68 per cent of these appointees are female, and 32 per cent are male and you are claiming that this is a diverse board, it is obviously not reflective. Ryan: You are making an outrageous inference that just because they're female, they're not going to be qualified on the board. Mander: No, I am talking diversity. Ryan: You're making an outrageous inference. Mander: I'm talking about diversity.
Ryan: I am talking about the magnificent diversity that we've got on our Parole Board. Mander: No one is denying their qualifications. Chair Duncan Pegg: You've had a chance to clarify your question and make your point, I call the Minister. Ryan: And can I reinforce of course the merits-based process that we went through with appointing people, was a national recruitment process by professional recruiting firm, there was a panel that interviewed those people who were appointed, who were recommended for appointment. The recommendations for appointment were actually made by the president of the Parole Board to me as Minister and I accepted their recommendations, so, member when you're casting aspersions in your question, you're actually, you're actually casting aspersions about the process and the recommendations made by the president of the Parole Board to me, and again I just can't believe that we've got a question complaining about the number of women...
Mander: Well what other factors did you consider when you consider diversity, Minister? What other factors did you consider? Pegg: Order, order. Mander: If you didn't consider gender, what did you consider? Ryan: You're getting worked up about this and maybe this underlies the motivation for your question to criticise the number of women. Mander: Well, qualifications aren't the only criteria, you said diversity is the criteria, so are you going to talk about other elements, but you're not going to talk about gender.
Ryan: Let's talk about the diversity and having seven Indigenous people. Mander: That's right. Ryan: And you're criticising... Mander: Totally appropriate. Ryan: And you're criticising the constitution of the board...
Mander: Totally appropriate. Ryan: You can't have a... Mander: What you're saying is that gender is not one of those elements. Ryan: You can't say it's appropriate to have a constitution of a board that's not diverse and then when I say seven Indigenous people are on it, you suddenly say it is diverse. Mander: It's not diverse in the area of gender.
Ryan: I think you're getting caught up in it. Mander: I'm not. Ryan: It's underlying a criticism about the number of women on a board, again, I just can't believe it, can't believe someone would make an assertion like that. Mander: 97 per cent of prisoners is males. Ryan: I can't believe, I can't believe that someone would make an aspersion like you have just done, so, talking about diversity, we've got seven Indigenous people on the Board, we've got a number of people from rural and regional Queensland on the Board, from memory, I don't have the exact number here, but from memory I think it's about seven who are from rural and regional parts of Queensland, we've also got two police officers on the Board, we've got public servants on the Board, we've got 24 community members and we've got three legal professionals, all people of significant experience and the member, I think it's important for us to highlight this experience because the member is making an allegation that the four women who have been appointed as professional members of the Parole Board are for whatever reason not worthy...
Mander: No, that's untrue. Ryan: No, that's right, well you're criticising it. Mander: That's asking. I am asking if gender was part of the diversity criteria. Pegg: Member for Everton, you're being unruly, allow the Minister to respond to your question. Mander: Oh he's provoking me, Mr Chairman.
Pegg: Well, you're very easily provoked, member for Everton, I call the Minister. Ryan: You need to get a bit tougher, Tim. Barbara Kent, an experienced barrister with 29 years experience, a very worthy appointment, as a professional member. Carolyn McAnally, acting director of JAG Strategic Policy for a number of years, also 19 years legal experience including 10 years with the director of public prosecution, including time as a crown prosecutor. Kylie Anderson, who is the manager of the Child Death Case Review Panel secretariat, over 17 years experience as a legal practitioner, adviser, senior manager within government and Beverley Russell who is the health professional appointed to the board, who holds a master of social science, Bachelor of Health Science, they have specialist nursing qualifications in mental health, psychiatric and alcohol and drug areas, they were a member of QCAT for five years, member of the Mental Health Review Tribunal for six years and since 2009, she's been the team leader of prison mental health service, in West Moreton Hospital and Health Service. I'm very proud of the constitution of our Parole Board. This went through a very thorough merits-based approval process, the appointments were made on the recommendation of the president of the Parole Board, they were asked to look at diversity and he's got the diversity right including indigenous representation, rural and regional representation as well as also of course community members who come from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. I commend the president on their recommendations and I also wish the Parole Board all the very best for its work that it will do, it is very important work, it's an exciting time to be in Corrective Services because of the Sofronoff Review, and I'm confident that the work that our new Parole Board will do will contribute to a safer Queensland.
Ever since Dwight Howard left the Lakers, I've been generally an advocate of the “keep your books empty, and sign a couple of max players together” strategy that it seemed like Mitch Kupchak and Jim Buss were going for. Signing players to 1 or 2 year deals that wouldn't put a dent in the Laker books while simply waiting for the “big splash” made sense. The Lakers are the Lakers after all, they're located in Los Angeles. What could go wrong?
Well, the strategy simply hasn't worked. Carmelo didn't want to sign here last summer, LaMarcus Aldridge (the only “splash” worthy player who changed teams) never really took the Lakers seriously, and Kevin Love didn't even give the Lakers a meeting.
Kevin Love's case, in particular, was eye-opening to me. If ANYBODY was going to leave their situation, to me it would've been him. A) The chemistry was always reported to be awkward between Kevin Love and Lebron James. B) The team seemed to reach a different height after they were injured in the final playoff game in the series against the Celtics. And C) Kevin would surely be a worthy candidate to sign a short term deal to take advantage of the looming cap increase. Nonetheless, they chose to stay, and that too with a full 5 year max deal.
Ultimately for the same reason that LaMarcus chose the Spurs over the Suns, players today seem to be making the best decision for what gives them the greatest chance to win NOW. Lebron James will perhaps go down as one of the shrewdest players in the NBA in terms of their professional decisions, and their decision to leave Miami for Cleveland was as much about winning NOW as it was coming back home. This is also aided by the fact that due to the structure of rookie deals in the current CBA, players have played simply too many years with their original teams before they're true free agents to join a situation in which they have to wait even longer for a real chance to win a title. LaMarcus Aldridge just turned 30, do they really want to wait for Phoenix to grow into true contenders? Wouldn't LaMarcus Aldridge be a bigger star in Phoenix? He'll be beloved in San Antonio, for sure, but he'll have to get in line for the accolades behind Tim Duncan, Kawhi Leonard, and Popovich.
This isn't to bash the current generation as the curmudgeonly amongst us could, nor am I saying that players are making the absolute right decisions. There's merit to joining an already successful organization to continue what they've already built and there's merit to joining a young team to push them to success by taking a bigger leadership role in their development. The pendulum, at least right now, has swung in the direction of the former, and this is where the Lakers have to strategically adjust their approach to team-building, which I believe they have already begun.
Last season, many on Twitter advocated for the Lakers to abandon their shoot-for-the-stars approach with their courtship of Carmelo Anthony to instead make more common-sense offer sheets to restricted free agents like Eric Bledsoe. In hindsight, they were right, but at the time many of us Laker fans were in “why wouldn't Carmelo choose the Lakers?” mode. Yes, the Lakers are an attractive option for players as Los Angeles will always be a preferred destination for stars, but the on-court attractiveness matters more than ever. Yet, as late as this month, LaMarcus Aldridge's first meeting went so poorly because the focus of the pitch was the off-court, rather than the on-court, which is understandable because the on-court product couldn't be sold in a positive way.
Now, moving forward, it should be the Lakers sole purpose to create a winning culture with what they have in hopes to one day become attractive enough to be a TRUE destination. And make no mistake, LA will still have recruitment advantages. A potential 45 win Lakers team is way more likely to get free agents than a potential 45 win Pistons team (sorry, had to pick one). The focus this season should be to showcase the future, and hopefully build out depth at the trade deadline and offseason with whichever assets they can cobble together. It is much more important to give Jordan Clarkson, D'Angelo Russell, and Julius Randle the opportunities they need to grow quickly than to give Kobe Bryant a proper send-off, if this indeed is their last season. It's important to try to pick up players in bad situations that could potentially flourish in a new environment (like a wing or big in a similar situation as Ty Lawson) and with their gluttony of guards hopefully some team around the league could take a bit of some Swag away from the Lakers. The good news is that with all the free agency signings and trades the Lakers have made after being turned down by LaMarcus seem to be moving in that direction, but there's one more step left.
Byron Scott. Paul Pressey. Jim Eyen. Mark Madsen. Not exactly a murderer's row of a coaching staff. This is the final obstacle to the Lakers future that must be fixed. Not only is Byron Scott tragically out of touch, there is no diamond in the rough assistant that is just ready to emerge in that role. Byron Scott surely can't be blamed for last year's win total, but they HAD ONE JOB to develop their young players and still we had games where Ronnie Price started or natural PF Ryan Kelly inexplicably played a majority of their minutes at the Small Forward spot. NBA players around the league now live in Synergy and SportsVU, they read all the stats, they are all trying to exploit every single piece of information at their disposal, and it does not reflect highly that the Lakers head coach has proudly ignored a lot of it. It is time for the Lakers coaching staff to grow up, or get out.
All in all, I'm VERY excited about the young core the Lakers have built. Jordan Clarkson at the 46th pick is an absolute franchise-altering steal, D'Angelo Russell will be just fine, and Julius Randle looks great. Hibbert will fit in nicely, Brandon Bass will be a great mentor for Randle, and a (Basketball Gods-willing) healthy Kobe Bryant will have fun running around with this young guns as they ride off into the sunset.
Just when I think Trump Derangement Syndrome cannot get any stronger, the New York Times publishes an opinion piece in support of segregation among children. That's right. The 1960s are back and it isn't any prettier than it was back then.
The author of the piece is Ekow N. Yankah. Mr. Yankah is a law professor, which, for me, is the most disturbing part of the whole piece. An educated black man, they hold degrees from the University of Michigan, Columbia University and Oxford University. Yankah is raising young sons with the belief that any potential white friend is not truly worthy of friendship. Their justification for such racist logic is that it's Trump's America and President Trump is to blame for racial discord in today's society.
Donald Trump's election has made it clear that I will teach my boys the lesson generations old, one that I for the most part nearly escaped. I will teach them to be cautious, I will teach them suspicion, and I will teach them distrust. Much sooner than I thought I would, I will have to discuss with my boys whether they can truly be friends with white people.
The professor cynically blames Trump voters and supporters for the woes of black Americans. They ponder how black Americans can possibly trust white people who voted for Trump despite their personality flaws and blunt, dare I say politically incorrect, tone. They call these people the “good” Trump voters. The “good Trump voters” support Trump because of policy reasons like on taxes or jobs creation despite Trump's personal failings. Then they go off the deep end.
The same is true, unfortunately, of those who hold no quarter for Mr. Trump but insist that black people need to do the reaching out, the moderating, the accommodating. Imagine the white friend during the civil rights era who disliked blacks' being beaten to death but wished the whole thing would just settle down. However likable, you could not properly describe them as a friend. Sometimes politics makes demands on the soul.
Wow.
They toss the white reader a bone, though, as they say a black person can “like” a white Trump supporter. There just can't be any “real” friendship.
Frankly, the whole piece turns my stomach. What a twisted way to live. Politics has seeped into just about every aspect of life and now we are to give up any hope that those with differing political votes can truly be friends. They use their young sons as an excuse for this bigoted behavior.
I was born in Mississippi and raised in Louisiana – commonly known as the Deep South. As a white woman of a certain age, I well remember civil rights violence and racial discord in my formative years. The bad old days are long gone and to say otherwise is to deny the decades of progress this country has made.
Professor Yankah describes themselves as heartbroken. It breaks my heart that such perverse bigotry exists in 2017, especially in highly educated society. I can only image what they teach in their classroom.
Karen Townsend is a guest author at Hot Air. You can read their other work at their Pondering Penguin blog. A longtime political blogger and activist, they enjoy writing about life and culture, too.
In a string of early-morning tweets on Sunday, Rapper Azealia Banks called for Sarah Palin to be brutally gang-raped by a group of black men.
Screenshots of the tweets (which Banks later deleted) were captured by the Media Research Center's Ashley Rae Goldenberg.
In the first tweet, Banks said that Palin “needs to have their hair shaved off to a buzz cut, get headfucked by a big veiny, ashy, black dick then be locked in a cupboard.”
In the next tweet, Banks wrote that Palin should perform oral sex on a black man before “talking shit about ‘black people willingly accepted slavery.'” Goldenberg points out that Banks appears to have gotten fooled by a fake news article which quotes Palin as saying “Negroes loved being slaves.”
In the final tweet of the series, Banks tweeted: “Let's find the biggest burliest blackest negroes and let them run a train on her.” They then suggested filming the gang-rape and uploading it to WorldStarHipHop, a site known for its oftentimes violent videos. Banks hasn't addressed the tweets since deleting them.
Follow Peter Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
LAS VEGAS—Computed tomography (CT) scans of two extraordinarily well-preserved baby woolly mammoths from Siberia have yielded startling new insights into these iconic Ice Age beasts. Previously examinations of the external features of the mammoths suggested that the two creatures were quite similar, exhibiting the same developmental stage and similar age at death. But the new full-body scans—the first ever obtained for largely intact mammoths—tell a different story. Researchers unveiled the new findings on November 5 at the annual meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology.
Both of the baby mammoths—dubbed Lyuba and Khroma--were recovered from Siberian permafrost, hence their remarkable state of preservation, which includes hair, skin and internal organs. Lyuba, discovered in 2007, died around 42,000 years ago; Khroma, found in 2009, is geologically older, although experts have yet to determine exactly when this individual lived.
Although the two babies look alike on the outside, the CT scans showed dramatic differences in the shape of the skull and limb bones. According to Ethan Shirley of the University of Michigan, lead author of the new study, Khroma's face is wider and more robust than Lyuba's and has a boney structure at the tip of the upper jaw that looks like a mustache; Lyuba, meanwhile, has longer forelimbs.
Although the CT results were surprising, Shirley and their colleagues thought they had an explanation. Physical examination had established that Lyuba was female, and suggested that Khroma was male. So the researchers initially chalked up the newly observed differences in internal anatomy to variation between the sexes. But when they took a closer look at the sex organs in the CT scans, they found features of the soft tissues of the urogenital tract that indicate Khroma was actually a female.
The new results "complicate our view of mammoth development" and suggests that there may be more variability in developmental timing than previously thought, remarks team member Daniel Fisher of the University of Michigan. The differences between the two female baby mammoths could indicate that they belonged to different species. Alternatively, woolly mammoth anatomy may have varied through time and from region to region.
Images courtesy of International Mammoth Committee; CT scans by Ford Motor Company, USA, and Centre hospitalier Emile Roux, Le Puy-en-Velay, France
How much of an advantage can two Japan-based players give to Korea's national team when they meet Japan?The Korea national baseball team heads to Japan today for the opening game of the Premier 12 tournament at the Sapporo Dome on Sunday against Japan.Korea is in Group B along with Japan, the United States, Dominican Republic, Venezuela and Mexico. After playing Japan, the team will move to Taiwan to play the rest of the group qualification games until Nov. 15.To get every possible edge, Korea national team's analysis team chief Kim Si-jin, who previously managed Nexen Heroes and Lotte Giants in the Korea Baseball Organization, has called on Lee Dae-ho and Rhee Dae-eun who play in the Nippon Professional Baseball league (NPB).“Both have played in Japan and know the opponents better than any other player,” said Kim. “Unlike our staff, they can explain what it really feels like on the field.”Kim said a session will be held with Lee and Rhee on Saturday with the rest of the team to talk about the quirks and styles of the Japanese national team. They hope the two players can give them tips on techniques the Japanese players might use.Lee, who on Tuesday announced their goal to play in the Major League Baseball next season, played in the NPB for four seasons with Orix Buffaloes and SoftBank Hawks.The 33-year-old slugger had a .293 batting average, 98 home runs and 348 RBIs in 570 games in Japan. They won two Japan Series titles with the Hawks, while being named as Japan Series MVP this year.Rhee is a right-handed pitcher for Chiba Lotte Marines. The 26-year-old went 9-9 with 3.84 ERA this season. For the friendly game on Wednesday with Cuba, they appeared as the second pitcher behind lefty starter Kim Kwang-hyun and shutout Cuban batters for four innings.“I have pitched against most of the Japanese players,” said Rhee last week. “I can give information about Japanese players to my teammates.”Kim said that the analysis session on Saturday will not be about studying the Japanese team just by looking into videos and data books. Instead, it will be more like Q&A or free discussion with Lee and Rhee.“In particular Lee has faced many pitches against Otani [Shohei] who is expected to be the starter,” said Kim. “If we run the analysis session as an open discussion, players will understand and absorb the information.”Manager Kim In-sik also feels the two players will boost the other players' performance.“In the past, Lee Seung-yuop did the same thing to help the team in the World Baseball Classic,” said Kim. “Of course, each batter has their own timing and stance, so the advice will not give the ultimate help, but at least Lee can talk about pitches of Japanese pitchers.”Japan, which is world No. 1 according to World Baseball Softball Confederation (WBSC) rankings, is expected to feature Otani Shohei of Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters as its starting pitcher.The 21-year-old right-handed pitcher went 15-5 with 2.24 ERA in 22 games in the NPB. The two-time NPB All-Star has 162-kilometer-per-hour (100 mph) fastball - which tied the top velocity recorded in the NPB - and can effectively pitch a forkball and a slider.BY SEO JI-YEONG, JOO KYUNG-DON [joo.kyungdon@joongang.co.kr]
The Chicago Fire's rumored courtship with Pável Pardo finally came to fruition on Tuesday, as the club announced it has signed the former Mexican international to a contract for the remainder of the 2011 season.
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but Fire officials confirmed that Pardo has not been signed as a Designated Player.
Pardo, who turned 35 years old on Tuesday, appeared in both the 1998 and 2006 World Cups for El Tri, and logged a staggering 148 caps with the team before making their final international appearance in 2009. They also appeared with the team in the 2007 Gold Cup, when Mexico fell to the United States in the final at Soldier Field in Chicago.
Best known at the club level for a stellar turn with Club América from 1999 to 2006, Pardo appeared in at least 29 games every season of the seven-year run, and helped lead las Águilas to the 2006 CONCACAF Champions' Cup. They began their professional career with Atlas in 1993.
They also lobbied a solid performance with Mexico in the 2006 World Cup in Germany into a contract with Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart, where they made 71 appearances from 2006-09 and won a league crown in their first season with the team.
They returned to Mexico in 2009 and once again suited up for Club América until their contract with the club ended earlier this month.
“Pável is a very talented player who can help our team,” Fire technical director and interim head coach Frank Klopas said in a statement. “Pável's international credentials and track record as a professional were defining factors in us bringing Pavel to the Fire. They will provide additional depth in the midfield as we push for a playoff spot in the second half of the MLS season.”
Used primarily as a defensive midfielder, Pardo joins a Fire team that struggled mightily before former head coach Carlos de los Cobos was let go in May and has fared only slightly better in the standings under Klopas. They're currently winless in their last six league games, sit in eighth place in the Eastern Conference and are in danger of missing the playoffs for two straight seasons for the first time in franchise history.
Captain Logan Pause has served as the team's starting holding midfielder for the bulk of their nine-year career with the team, and has started 14 games in that role this season. The club has also mixed and matched with Daniel Paladini and Baggio Husidic in the central midfield this season, and newly signed Argentine attacking midfielder Sebastián Grazzini made their debut off the bench during the club's 3-1 loss to Manchester United in the Herbalife World Football Challenge this past Saturday.
The Fire have been down this road before with prominent Mexican internationals, for better and for worse. The 2007 signing of Designated Player Cuauhtémoc Blanco was a rousing success in the standings and in Chicago's prominent Mexican-American community, but last year's risk on Nery Castillo was largely a flop.
Castillo logged just eight appearances with Chicago in 2010 before they were unceremoniously loaned to Greek side Aris in January, and they signed a two-year deal with their new club earlier this month.
Like Pardo, both Blanco and Castillo appeared with the Mexican national team in the 2007 Gold Cup final at Soldier Field.
To make room for Pardo's signing, the Fire released Bratislav Ristic. The Serbian midfielder appeared in 17 games and started in 13 for Chicago after joining the club in 2010.
Thirty years ago, when Barry Goldwater proposed making Social Security voluntary, they were dismissed as a lunatic. Now, however, the radical transformation of Social Security–essentially its privatization–is the consensus among the political class and the pundits who serve them.
The strategy of the privatizers is proving quite successful. Sow doubts about the future solvency of the system. Chip away its near-universal political support by taxing benefits of “affluent” retirees, periodically lowering the definition of affluence. Encourage the “affluent” retirees of the future to provide for themselves, because of the system's wobbliness. And eventually turn the public pension system into welfare for the elderly poor–an easy target for cuts–while leaving the middle class and rich to fend for themselves. This isn't only happening in the U.S.; it's happening around the globe.
This might be dismissed as conspiracy theorizing–if you haven't been reading publications of international organizations like the World Bank, IMF and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. (See, for example, the OECD's 1988 report, Reforming Public Pensions, which is full of advice on incremental reforms to “what was only a couple of decades ago considered as a central achievement of the welfare state [but which] is now being evaluated differently.”) There, they've been quite explicit about what they're up to, because they're writing for an elite audience. But when journalists write for the masses, they have to be more careful.
Take, for example, a Time magazine cover story from March 20, 1995, headlined “The Case for Killing Social Security.” The article opened by citing the cretinous Sen. Alan Simpson (R.-Wyoming), who “confronted” the Social Security Commissioner with “a poll showing that more people under the age of 35 believe in UFOs than in the prospect that Social Security will pay them benefits upon retirement.” The article went on to recite the usual statistics about the system's imminent bankruptcy, as the boomers and then the Xers enter their golden years. The article concluded with a menu of options–privatize the whole system, cut benefits, or means-test them. A sidebar touted the virtues of Chile's system, the privatizers' favorite model, which was inaugurated by military dictator Augusto Pinochet.
Almost no one bothers to investigate the claim of Social Security's coming insolvency, which is based on projections in the annual report of the system's trustees. I did (Left Business Observer, 12/22/95), and discovered that the projections assume the economy will grow an average of 1.5 percent a year (after inflation) for the next 75 years–half the rate of the previous 75, and matched in only one decade this century, from 1910-20. Even the 1930s, the decade of the Great Depression, saw a faster growth rate.
What would happen if the economy grew at a peppier 2.2 percent rate? The trustees provide alternative projections based on that as well, and, gosh, the system remains solvent indefinitely. At 2.5 percent–still slower than the 75-year average–it runs a surplus. About the only other journalist to question the dire predictions for Social Security's future was Robert Kuttner, in their Business Week column (2/20/95).
And what about Chile, everyone's favorite model? Time pointed out that Chile's program was recently endorsed by the World Bank, an entity that has overseen the impoverishment of scores of countries in the name of free-market reform. Its endorsement should excite fear rather than respect, but that's another story.
The Bank's report, Averting the Old Age Crisis, recommended a three-pillared system: (1) a mandatory system, financed out of taxes, to provide a minimal base pension; (2) a mandatory savings scheme, in which every worker is required to contribute a portion of their or their earnings to a kind of IRA, to be invested in the financial markets; and (3), a supplementary system of private savings, also to be invested in the financial markets. This is essentially the Chilean model that Time–and Wall Street, hungry for the boodle–adores so much.
What's wrong with this? First, the present system is mildly redistributive,with the rich slightly subsidizing the poor in retirement. A private system would end that transfer. And second, a private system would be no better equipped to handle the bulge of boomer retirees beginning around 2010 than the present system. Right now Social Security is financed by a wage base that grows roughly in line with the overall economy; why should the stock market do significantly better?
Most people think that money invested in the stock market finds its way in to real investment in buildings and machines. In fact, almost none of it does; most firms finance real investment through their own profits. (Between 1901 and 1994, U.S. non-financial corporations financed less that 5 percent of their capital expenditures through the stock market.) The stock market is mainly an arena for the buying and selling of pre-existing shares and, through takeovers and spinoffs, of entire corporations. Investing in the stock market will no more create the wealth necessary to take care of elderly Boomers that Social security taxes do.
In Chile, according to Joseph Collins and John Lear's excellent new book, Chile's Free-Market Miracle (Food First Books), the public system's minimum benefit was $1.25 a day in 1988. Less than a quarter of all workers make enough money to qualify them for more than this risible minimum public benefit. Tellingly, the army and national police kept their own generous public systems; while the new plan may have been good enough for the masses, it wasn't good enough for the forces in charge. Of course, Time was silent on all this.
It's near impossible to find a dissenting view on Social Security anywhere in the press. Even the normally sensible Tom Tomorrow promoted the Imminent Collapse scenario, in a cartoon adorning a bipartisan New York Times op-ed piece by Sen. Simpson and Sen. Bob Kerrey, the pension-slashing Nebraska Democrat (5/23/95). Tomorrow's last panel claimed that the Social Security system is “on the verge of bankruptcy…and many workers starting out today suspect they are just as likely to win the lottery as ever receive Social Security benefits.” The senators' article, wittily titled “How to Save Social Security,” proposed allowing individuals to divert part of their Social Security taxes to an IRA-like account, and would permit the trust fund itself to invest in that magic money machine, the stock market.
The best commentary on the Slashers' piece was in, of all places, Barron's (5/29/95), the weekly magazine for investors. Columnist Alan Abelson sharply characterized the strategy of the privatizers:
The soft spot in any entitlement is that the recipients feel entitled. If, instead, they're made to feel slavishly grateful, then it's no great sweat to persuade them to accept a pittance instead of a plum. And to put them in the proper frame of mind, nothing is more efective than a whiff of destitution. Paupers…can't be choosers.
And as for the stock market proposal, Abelson, who's been covering Wall Street for decades, commented:
If Congress and the president put aside their partisan differences–and any residual vestiges of prudence–and swiftly turn [the proposal] into law, there may be time enough for the Trust Fund to load up on stocks before the next secular bear market. In terms of expediting the pauperization of geezers and completing the marvelous scheme to shrink benefits and save Social Security, the sheer brilliance of the concept cannot be gainsaid. (Did we neglect to mention that the saviors are all covered by retirement plans that are separate from Social Security?)
Shades of the Chilean police.
To say that on the op-ed page of the newspaper of record would, of course, be irresponsible.
Doug Henwood is the editor of Left Business Observer.
My Other Awesometacular Art
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Actual Description
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Yeah, this actually happened in the story. You didn't imagine this.
I gotta tell you, I did not have this planned for the original version of Chapter 8. I mean, I didn't have a lot of things planned for that chapter, but this was a moment in the story even I didn't see coming. But it was one of those rare moments that came about so naturally that I doubt I even really had a say in the event. All the things that happened in Chapter 8 and all the things that happened in the story prior between Yang and Blake lead up to this little peck on the cheek and it felt so honest. Like, this is something Blake would totally do right here.
And it was just so darn, cute, too. You can literally see Yang screaming internally. I like to imagine their inner dialogue goes something like this:
"Oh my GOD, she's actually kissing me! THIS IS NOT A DRILL, They Are ACTUALLY KISSING ME RIGHT NOW! MOM DIDN'T TEACH ME ABOUT THIS! AM I SUPPOSED TO TOUCH THE BOOB NOW?! MAKE A PUN?! JUMP OUT THE TRUCK?! WHAT DO I DO?????!!!!!!!"
Sure, they can beat up a club full of thugs, but Yang has no idea how to deal with (wait for it) actual human affection. OH THE HORROR!
Guess Yang and Ruby are sisters after all.
Until Next Time...
In the wake of the Charlie Hebdo massacre last week and just days since the historic Paris unity rally when world leaders stood shoulder-to-shoulder and declared their support for freedom of speech, French authorities have arrested 54 people on charges of "glorifying" or "defending" terrorism.
The French Justice Ministry said that of those arrested, four are minors and several had already been convicted under special measures for immediate sentencing, AP reports. Individuals charged with "inciting terrorism" face a possible 5-year prison term, or up to 7 years for inciting terrorism online. None of those arrested have been linked to the attacks.
Why is one view permissible and the other criminally barred—other than because the force of law is being used to control political discourse and one form of terrorism (violence in the Muslim world) is done by, rather than to, the west?
-Glenn Greenwald
Controversial comic Dieudonné was one of those taken into custody Wednesday morning for a Facebook post in which they declared: "Tonight, as far as I'm concerned, I feel like Charlie Coulibaly"—merging the names of the satire magazine and Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who killed four hostages at a kosher market on Friday.
Since last week's multiple terrorism attacks that left 17 people dead, "France ordered prosecutors around the country to crack down on hate speech, anti-Semitism and glorifying terrorism," AP reports.
The irony that the west was rallying to defend a magazine that was attacked for its alleged slander of Islam, while at the same persecuting individuals for voicing their views was not lost on many.
"As pernicious as this arrest and related 'crackdown' on some speech obviously is, it provides a critical value: namely, it underscores the utter scam that was this week's celebration of free speech in the west," journalist Glenn Greenwald wrote on Wednesday.
Greenwald went on to question the charge of "defending terrorism" brought against Dieudonné and others. Greenwald continued:
If you want "terrorism defenses" like that to be criminally prosecuted (as opposed to societally shunned), how about those who justify, cheer for and glorify the invasion and destruction of Iraq, with its “Shock and Awe” slogan signifying an intent to terrorize the civilian population into submission and its monstrous tactics in Fallujah? Or how about the psychotic calls from a Fox News host, when discussing Muslims radicals, to “kill them ALL.” Why is one view permissible and the other criminally barred – other than because the force of law is being used to control political discourse and one form of terrorism (violence in the Muslim world) is done by, rather than to, the west?
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Also Wednesday, Ines Pohl, who runs the German satire magazine die tageszeitung, published an op-ed in Politico warning against the exploitation by political leaders in the wake of such an attack or crisis, which in this case is the European right pushing an agenda of closed borders and general ethnocentrism.
"The blood in Paris wasn't even dry when the first German politician, Alexander Gauland, one of the top candidates from the Alternative für Deutschland party, claimed this killing as a proof that Germany has the right to fear the influence of Muslim culture and that Germans have the right, and the obligation, to defend their Christian heritage," Pohl writes.
Drawing a line between the current climate since the Paris attacks and the post-9/11 crackdown, Pohl goes on to note that next week the CIA torture reports are to be released in German and adds: "This report is the proof of how a country can be misled when it becomes ruled by fear."
Torture victim Maher Arar and others shared their reactions to the French crackdown online.
So France arrests Dieudonné 4 hurting the feelings of 70M French but praised publication of Hebdo even if hurts feelings of 1.6B Muslims. — Maher Arar (@ArarMaher) January 14, 2015
Three ISIL suspects arrested over plot to attack LGBT march in Istanbul
ISTANBUL – Doğan News Agency
AFP photo
The suspects - one Turkish national and two from Russia's volatile Dagestan republic – were detained after a simultaneous operation in Istanbul's Başakşehir and Pendik districts, on Istanbul's European and Asian sides, respectively.
Officers said they were acting on intelligence reports that the jihadist group was plotting to attack the “Trans Pride” rally on June 19.
A suicide vest, camouflage clothing, military blades, laser range finders and a large number of print and digital documents were seized during the raids.
All three suspects were arrested by a local court.
Istanbul police took strict measures ahead of the June 19 Trans Pride march, after the city's governor announced that they would not allow any LGBT Pride events, due to take place between June 19 and June 26, citing security concerns and public order.
The governor's ban on the parade came just three days after the Alperen Hearths, an ultranationalist youth organization linked to the nationalist Great Union Party (BBP), vowed that they would prevent the march.
The main LGBT Pride March scheduled for June 26 has also been banned by the Istanbul Governor's Office.
The march was held for 13 consecutive years until last year, when it was subjected to a heavy police intervention with tear gas and rubber bullets.
Three suspected Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants were arrested in Istanbul late on June 17 after a tip-off that they had planned to attack an LGBT Trans Pride march held on June 19 in the city's central Taksim Square.
Stop us if this tale sounds familiar.
It's early December. And the Vikings find themselves in the middle of an entertaining Week 13 clash with a playoff-bound team.
Victory is right there for the taking in a game that easily could become a confidence springboard.
But, alas, two interceptions thrown by Christian Ponder prove crushing in another maddening loss.
Afterward, Ponder steps to a podium and expresses disappointment, wishing they could make amends for their costly turnovers.
"Can't win ballgames that way," they say. "I've got to do a lot better job of getting myself better. I'm disappointed in myself. But I'm even more disappointed that I let down the veteran guys. ... I've had way too many turnovers since I stepped on the field in a Vikings uniform."
As expected, that apology is packaged with Leslie Frazier's reiteration of the Vikings' reality.
"We're not good enough right now to overcome certain mistakes," they say.
So here's the twist: We are not recapping Sunday's 23-14 stumble in Green Bay.
All of the above details were tied instead to the Vikings' 2011 loss to Denver. In Week 13. One full year ago. When inexperience and system unfamiliarity were much more viable explanations for Ponder's struggles.
Eventually, the Vikings reasoned, the growing pains would lessen and Ponder's intelligence, athleticism and leadership ability would propel the offense forward.
But now, it appears, Ponder's errors might be habitual -- all the ill-advised interceptions, that skittishness in the pocket, the apparent lack of confidence in both themselves and their receivers.
So where do the Vikings go from here?
Suddenly, a squad that barged into the playoff picture with a 5-2 start is left facing a finishing stretch that's quickly losing significance.
As always has been the plan, Ponder likely will finish this season as the starter. But can they truly get past their recent regression and mature into a difference-maker? Or is the Vikings' trust in the second-year quarterback nothing but blind faith?
As the debate heats up, here are seven things to consider about No. 7:
Team support could dwindle
Once again Sunday, Ponder threw two crucial interceptions and apologized for doing so. Once again, Frazier stood in front of reporters afterward professing confidence in their quarterback but doing so with a blank stare and another declaration that it's hard to win in the NFL when the offense shows less balance than Snooki walking a tight rope.
Frazier cited a need for more production from the receivers, better protection from the line and, yes, more consistency from Ponder.
"I sound like a broken record," they confessed.
So now the Vikings have to take an honest look at the guy they're endorsing as the quarterback of the future and determine how long they can sell that hope not just to an increasingly disgruntled fan base but to the other players.
Frazier foresees few difficulties in keeping the locker room united, even as a potential playoff berth floats out the window.
"I don't think it'll be a tough sell," they said. "These guys are teammates that want the same things. They know that we can win with the personnel we have. We've shown that we can."
Wrong time for turnovers
Frazier has yet to seriously consider a Ponder-for-Joe Webb change in big part, they said, because they don't want to stimulate controversy.
"In my mind," Frazier explained, "you don't want to get into a situation where you're not sure who your No. 1 is. We believe Christian is our No. 1."
The great Ponder paradox is that the Vikings drafted them believing their brain would accelerate their growth. Ponder is at once astute, driven and coachable. They can quickly grasp the big-picture concepts and minute details of the offense.
Yet when it comes to applying the knowledge, Ponder continues to blunder far too often. They have 30 turnovers in 22 starts.
Sunday's two red zone interceptions were hard to excuse. Ponder has been hounded since April to understand this season's success hinged on their ability to avoid miscues like those. Still, they keep happening at inopportune times.
Hesitation means losses
Given time to review Sunday's loss, Frazier acknowledged Ponder's difficulties stemmed in part from their inability to pull the trigger when receivers broke open.
Sure, it's fair to say that without Percy Harvin the Vikings have a receiving corps more ordinary than any other in the NFL. And maybe all those dropped passes during the Week 12 loss in Chicago still had Ponder spooked. But on several occasions, Frazier noticed a worrisome hesitation.
"Sometimes you have to throw the ball when guys come out of their breaks," Frazier said. "In our league, it's not very often guys are going to be wide open. So when we say throw it on time, on time means when the guy comes out of their break, deliver the football."
Falling behind is fatal
This just in: Ponder can't seem to lead any sort of rally.
After 22 starts, the sample size has grown large enough to fret.
Bob Hartley's stint at the Saddledome is done.
The Calgary Flames announced Tuesday morning that Hartley — their head coach for the past four campaigns — has been relieved of their duties. Their associate coach, Jacques Cloutier, is also suddenly unemployed.
“Bob did some very good things here. They built a foundation in this organization,” said Flames GM Brad Treliving. “And apart from all else, they put their heart and soul into this team every day. They bled for this team. And Bob is a good coach, so I want to thank him. It's a difficult day to go through this.”
Hartley was the Jack Adams Award winner as the NHL's coach of the year after leading the Flames to an unlikely playoff berth last season, but they stumbled to a 35-40-7 mark — and a 26th overall finish — this winter.
“Anytime you go through a situation where a coach is being relieved, there is blood on a lot of hands,” Treliving said. “It starts with myself. There is responsibility with the players, and it goes through organizationally. So make no mistake, there is responsibility to bear outside of Bob.
“But I just felt, at this particular time, for us to move forward, Bob has taken this team as far as I feel they can take it. Each coach has their own style, their own way of doing things. Bob, to me, is able to get a lot out of players. But when you sit back and review and as I've gone through this process over the last few weeks, I felt for us to move forward as an organization that it was time, it was important and it was critical that we made this decision.
“I thank Bob. I wish them nothing but the best.”
The Flames are not the only team with a coaching vacancy — the Anaheim Ducks and Ottawa Senators are also searching for a new bench boss and the Minnesota Wild have yet to announce if interim coach John Torchetti will be back.
There has been speculation the timing of Hartley's dismissal might be related to Bruce Boudreau's sudden availability — they were fired Friday by the Ducks — but Treliving insisted Tuesday that their decision “wasn't based upon anybody sitting in the on-deck circle.”
“Today is about Bob,” Treliving said. “This isn't about, ‘Is there a prettier girl at the dance?' That's not it. You go through the process, you make a decision. Today now starts the process of finding who the next coach is, but this is not about who it could be, who it might be. Bob deserved to go through this thoroughly and a decision be made based upon what we feel is the best move going forward, not who might be out there.”
During their season-end remarks in mid-April, Hartley insisted that they aren't losing sleep over their own future.
“It's not about myself, it's about my team,” Hartley said. “I never coach a day to save my job. I try to do what is right. I try to do an honest job, I try to do what is best for the Calgary Flames organization or whatever organization I've worked in the past, and that has always been my way of doing business.
“I'm not an ego guy. I do this because it's my passion. My goal, my passion, my dream is to come back next year for another season and to make the best of it.”
Hartley posted a 134-135-25 record in four seasons in Calgary.
Assistant coach Martin Gelinas, goaltending coach Jordan Sigalet and video coach Jamie Pringle remain on staff at the Saddledome.
Related
How Hartley stacks up
Games coached: 294, 2nd in Flames history (Bob Johnson, 400)
Wins: 134, 3rd (Bob Johnson, 193)
Losses: 118, 2nd (Bob Johnson, 155)
Points percentage: .498, 10th (Terry Crisp, .669)
Playoff games coached: 11, 7th (Bob Johnson, 52)
Playoff wins: 5, tied for 6th (Bob Johnson, 25)
wgilbertson@postmedia.com
(INSIDE EDITION)--A California man was arrested after police found their 2-year-old son tied to a tree in a homeless encampment, reports said.
Jeffrey Wilson, 27, allegedly tied their son to a tree branch by their wrist, according to the Mendocino County Sheriff's Office.
“The child was also lacking basic food and water, was only clothed in a diaper, and was exposed to numerous hazards within the encampment,” police said in a statement. “Deputies observed several weapons and other dangerous items within the reach of the child that could cause great bodily harm to the child.”
The man and their son were reportedly illegal on the property.
Numerous animals were also reportedly taken off the property by animal control.
Wilson is charged with felony child neglect and abuse, possession of a controlled substance, and trespassing after police arrived at the makeshift camp last week and found the toddler, according to reports.
The child was turned over to Child Protective Services.
Via the folks at AmericaBlog: When Denver's ABC affiliate put together a piece on the ever-devolving Petraeus affair yesterday, the station needed an image of the cover of Paula Broadwell's Petraeus bio All In to show its viewers. So it naturally went to the internet, which was a big mistake.
The reporter thought they were just grabbing an image of the cover of Broadwell's book, but they actually grabbed one that had been doctored by some hilarious internet wag to read All Up In My Snatch (lol get it?). And then they put it on TV, next to an image of Broadwell.
The station's news director told us: "Yes it happened. It was a mistake."
Here's video of the segment.
Update: The station has released a fuller statement explaining the error and pinning it on a rushed editor.
Music can be ripped from Spotify using a tool that cracks digital rights management copyright protection, a Georgia Tech University researcher says.
Code dubbed Platform for Architecture-Neutral Dynamic Analysis - aka PANDA - posted to GitHub does the job, says researcher Brendan Doln-Gavitt.
"[The technique] by itself is just the starting point for what you would need to really break Spotify's DRM," Dolan-Gavitt (@Moyix) said, noting that they do not condone content piracy.
"It doesn't give you a way to obtain the key for each song and decrypt it wholesale ... Although I can certainly imagine more efficient processes, I think for now this is a nice balance between enabling piracy and showing off the power of PANDA."
Brendan Doln-Gavitt
Wholesale theft would be constrained by Spotify packing and anti-debugging techniques which could make hooking a necessary function difficult.
The PANDA tool was developed between Georgia Tech, Northeastern University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Lincoln Laboratory under funding from the US Air Force.
It was built on the Quick Emulator and Low Level Virtual Machine and was used for dynamic software analysis.using a variety of plugins.
The targeted Spotify function could be found because of three traits which the Dolan-Gavitt's script identified based on prior research including a paper titled Steal This Movie: Automatically Bypassing DRM Protection in Streaming Media Services.
PANDA works by reading and writing lots of equal data, with the byte entropy of read data being high yet less random, while the byte entropy of write data was both high and very random.
Once the function was identified, the data could be dumped through another PANDA plugin which dat files, one containing the sought after tunes in the lossy Ogg audio format.
Attempts have been made to rip songs from Spotify, notably with the development of the since scuppered Downloadify Chrome extension in May last year. That tool worked because Spotify did not then apply DRM to its web player tool, allowing users to pilfer any song from its catalogue of then 20 million songs. ®
Pierre Thomas: New Orleans Saints vs. Carolina Panthers, December 22, 2013
Carolina Panthers middle linebacker Luke Kuechly (59) brings down New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas (23) in the fourth quarter during the game between the New Orleans Saints and Carolina Panthers at Bank of America Stadium on Sunday, December 22, 2013. (Michael DeMocker, Nola.com / The Times-Picayune)
New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas (chest) and safety Rafael Bush (ankle) were the only two players to miss Wednesday's practice session.
Thomas' injury is a new one. They appeared on the injury report last week for the first time this season with an eye injury that occurred against the Carolina Panthers. But they were able to practice fully all week.
Bush missed three weeks of practice with a sprained ankle, but returned to practice and played last week against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
For the Philadelphia Eagles, guard Julian Vandervelde (back) and safety Earl Wolff (knee) did not practice.
Safety Colt Anderson (knee), wide receiver Jason Avant (shoulder), cornerback Brandon Boykin (hip) and linebacker Mychal Kendricks (knee) practiced fully.
**************
Katherine Terrell can be reached at KTerrell@nola.com or 504.826.3405.
NOLA.com Saints coverage on Facebook
Follow @ Kat_Terrell Tweet to @Kat_Terrell
Stob Moore's Law, I need hardly remind a top-notch industry professional like you, states that as the density of silicon circuitry doubles, the probability of you not being able to find some sensibly-priced extra memory to fit your old lappy approaches 1.0.
In recent times it has become generally admitted that, if this well-known observation has not yet quite joined Elvis, it is at the very least fiddling determinedly with the fire exit door. Instead of increasingly quick processors, we are given increasingly cored processors. Whereas it used to take just one running instance of Access 2000 to bring your CPU usage meter to 100%, it now takes two, four or possibly 128.
Once upon a time, all one needed to know about multi-tasking code was how to hang a few lines of badly-written (I speak for myself) assembly language off the timer interrupt. Those were the days, my friend, we thought they'd carry on; yet here I am giving you a whistle-stop tour through the baffling mechanisms designed to help you envisage and write para-multi-threaded applications.
Let us begin with some ancient history.
Co- not Sub-
The great Donald Knuth described the coroutine, a mechanism for writing single-tasked multi-tasking that allowed any programmer to cope with any situation, merely by thinking of everything at once.
Although it has never really taken off as a popular programming construct, it has been very influential, in particular pioneering the important adjective 'lightweight' (subroutines are a lightweight specialisation of coroutines). Nowadays, of course, 'lightweight' is used as a synonym for 'good' throughout comp. sci., yet it still retains a special affinity for the parallel and pseudo-parallel arts.
Threads
A 'thread', abbreviating 'thread of execution', is a lightweight version of the heavier 'process', abbreviating 'process of execution' (as in the phrase 'during the process of execution, the program abruptly died'). Threads save all the tedious mucking about creating state and context demanded by processes, by simply enabling multiple threads to cavort together in the same address space, and with the same resources, like drowning kittens in a bucket of water. Adding cores to the processor improves the threading model by significantly increasing the amount of water available. (Peace: no actual kittens were drowned in the manufacture of that simile.)
In particular, threads suffer badly from 'race conditions'. The race of despised worker threads is made to do boring, low status, 'background' tasks. Meanwhile, the high privilege 'system' threads get to party with the hardware. It's the same the whole world over...
Three old ladies
In order to overcome race conditions, and perhaps to compensate for taking away our beloved 'goto' away from us, top Dutch comp. sci. genius Edsger Dijkstra invented the 'semaphore'. The semaphore is a data structure that allows friendly communication between the threads and tasks of all nations. There are two kinds: the counting semaphore and later, when it has been compiled, the binary semaphore.
The semaphore helped do away with race conditions, and for a while all was sweetness and synchronicity. But it soon became clear that a brand-new peril had been introduced: the deadlock.
Today there are at least four well-known kinds of deadlock breeding in the wild:
Recursive deadlock, which bloody well happens again and again
Deadly mutual embrace deadlock, which is much less fun than it sounds, being a kind of inter-task stalemate
Death-of-process deadlock, where the process that claimed the semaphore dies intestate
Lady Dedlock, a plaintiff in Jarndyce v. Jarndyce
By way of countering the threat and obtaining a deadlock holiday, it was decided to invent the 'mutex' (or 'mutant' as it is known by posher, system threads).
There is a lot of confusion about the difference between mutexes and semaphores, which frankly I do not see as part of my business to clear up. Instead I will refer you to the conventional explanatory model which is, weirdly, based on the notion of the lockable lavatory (or securable brickhouse, as it is almost known by commoner, worker threads).
The scenario is this: imagine a loo in a restaurant of the dismal kind where you must humiliatingly apply to staff for the key. If there is one lavatory and one key, you have a mutex and a long, fidgety wait. If there are four toilets and four interchangeable keys, you have a counting semaphore. The important thing about a counting semaphore is: it doesn't prevent four threads entering one cubicle together.
This licentious view of synchronisation is disputed by other writers, who say that the difference with mutexes is that, before sitting down, they draw the bolt of ownership across the door.
My own view is: synchronisation primitives will never be understood until somebody goes over their metaphors with gallons of industrial-strength bleach.
It's not often we come across a photo that contains the time and date it was taken. In this case, we know that this aerial photo looking south over downtown Houston was taken at 11 a.m. on Feb. 27, 1938.
Using a city directory from the period and a few other resources, I managed to pinpoint many of the buildings or businesses you see here. On some, I've included notes on buildings and file photos from our archive. Not every building is identified. Some are even obscured by larger buildings in the photo.
What was going on in Houston back then? Well, the Fat Stock Show was just getting underway at the new Sam Houston Coliseum. Nearby, construction was set to begin on Houston's new City Hall. A few blocks away, the Houston Chronicle formally unveiled its expanded facilities at Texas and Travis. And on the more seedy side, Mayor Richard H. Fonville announced a roundup of the city's prostitutes at the old Jefferson Davis Hospital to check for venereal diseases.
According to the 1940 Census, Houston's population was 384,514. It was the largest city in Texas of course, but the city fell just short of landing among the top 20 U.S. cities, ranking No. 21.
We have a few more aerial photos from later decades. I'll post those in the coming weeks.
Financial Times
Nov 10, 2010
George W. Bush's bombastic return to the world stage has reminded me of my favourite Bush anecdote, which for various reasons we couldn't publish at the time. Some of the witnesses still dine out on it.
The venue was the Oval Office. A group of British dignitaries, including Gordon Brown, were paying a visit. It was at the height of the 2008 presidential election campaign, not long after Bush publicly endorsed John McCain as their successor.
Naturally the election came up in conversation. Trying to be even-handed and polite, the Brits said something diplomatic about McCain's campaign, expecting Bush to express some warm words of support for the Republican candidate.
Not a chance. “I probably won't even vote for the guy,” Bush told the group, according to two people present.“I had to endorse him. But I'd have endorsed Obama if they'd asked me.”
Full article here
Having A Supply Of Healthy Foods That Last Just Makes Sense (AD)
This article was posted: Wednesday, November 10, 2010 at 4:51 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
In a previous entry, I mentioned that during an event in Prague two weeks ago, I walked off stage. It was the first time I have ever walked off stage in my life. One of the teachers had a very unconventional approach to jarring people out of their realities. The unconventional approach was to yell at people. For many in the audience, this approach seemed to work. Others, it made cry. Long story short, their approach ended up triggering my PTSD. The force and rage behind their voice made me feel like I was 6 years old again and in danger. I tried to hold myself on stage for as long as I could, until I decided that it was self-abusive to do so. During their second intentional outburst, I ducked behind the curtain and nearly fell over my own shoes down the stairs in back of the stage crying. I resigned from doing the rest of the seminar. I did not make any friends doing that. Many people were angry with me because of that decision. I was at a crossroads that night. Was I going to abandon myself and not take care of myself by staying on stage, thereby proving to myself that I was not trustworthy. Or was I going to stand up and walk off stage, thereby taking care of myself and proving to myself that I am trustworthy. I chose to prove to myself that I can trust myself with me. Looking back, it was one of the best decisions of my life. At face value, it seems like a rather insignificant action in the grand scheme of things. People walk off stage all the time. Most people will not even remember that action I took when looking back at my career. But if you look deeper, you will see that it was a significant action because it was the first time I really followed through on the decision to become trustworthy to myself. It was the first time I put my feelings above my career. It was sheer stupidity when viewed from a PR perspective. It was sheer genius when viewed from a personal progression perspective. This ‘theme' of self-trust is now the current theme of my life. I'm even working on a new Ask Teal episode about it.
Yesterday, I found myself at the very same crossroads. I went to a hypnosis appointment and during the session, I began to notice that I was feeling on guard against the hypnotist. When I was instructed to notice the place in my body where the vulnerability was, I was compelled to fold my arms across my solar plexus. I asked the vulnerable sensation in my solar plexus what it was trying to tell me and this little voice inside me spelled the word LEAVE. My world started spinning. I was being asked by my inner voice to leave the room and yet, I knew it would inconvenience and upset the hypnotherapist and result in a confrontation. In years past, I would have suppressed and ignored that voice. I would have argued it into submission and stayed where I was expected to stay. When you're young and you're sexually abused, you have one option to survive… to make what is happening to you ok. You don't get to protect yourself. You don't get to honor your feelings. You have to ignore what your emotions are saying to you. You violate your boundaries by not honoring your emotions and making what people around you are doing to you ok regardless of how you feel. This pattern follows you into adulthood. It has followed me into adulthood. I knew however that this was a crossroads moment. I had gone to the hypnotherapist to get more perspective on what to do in order to thrive in my own life. And there was the answer. The answer came in the form of a choice to leave or to stay. The answer came in the form of a choice to honor my emotions regardless of their validity or to ignore them. I sat up and told the hypnotist that my inner voice had told me to leave. I felt at once embarrassed and empowered. I began running through elaborate mental scenarios for what I would do if they tried to not let me leave (like had happened to myself and men so many times in the past). I decided that no matter what, I'd do the opposite of what I used to do… I'd defend myself. The feeling of inner empowerment kept climbing as I became more resolute and more resolute in my decision to be my own advocate. I was slightly shocked that I actually had the choice and ability to protect myself. I smiled at the hypnotist with a provocative smile that said, “Go ahead… try to make me do something I don't want to do”. I had mentally promised myself that I would not lie down again in the chair. Sure enough, at that moment they asked me to lie back down so they could anchor the positive feeling state that we were trying to anchor deeper. I looked at them squarely in the eyes and said, “no, my solar plexus said leave and the most important thing for me to do right now is to learn that I can trust myself. I can only trust myself if I honor the way I feel without any doubt right now. I'm not going to second guess myself right now”.
The hypnotist said, “Can I convince you to lay back down for a minute” I said very defensively “No you can't”. They smiled at me and said in a satisfied tone “good girl”. I stood up and walked out the door. The hypnotist seemed pleased with my progress and their purposefully aggravating role in the scenario. I was in shock as I exited the building. I felt more empowered than I have probably ever felt before. I was in uncharted territory. I had just deliberately chosen to greatly inconvenience someone else and trust my emotions and heed the inner voice without hesitation instead. I broke protocol. As a result, I could feel my being exhaled in relief and experience some of my own capacity. As a result, I could literally feel myself trust me. I felt like I could settle into myself and know that I would and could take care of me. I felt loved by me. It was a turning point moment. I had never done what I did for myself that day. I made a promise that I would protect me and honor my inner voice at all costs. I spent the rest of the day in an odd space of empowerment laced with unfamiliarity. I knew that something very big had changed for me but that I wouldn't see the full effects until later. It is ironic that it took a visit to a hypnotist to wake me up to my own ability to trust me with me. After all, it requires a mass societal hypnosis to turn people away from themselves and teach them to dishonor their own feelings. Because going against one's feelings is a highly unnatural state.
Self-trust is the byproduct of honoring your feelings. Our feelings reflect our thoughts. Those thoughts can be positive or negative. They can be accurate or inaccurate. Our emotions reflect thoughts regardless of whether they are positive, negative, true or false. This is why it is so important to question our thoughts. However, while it is crucial to question our thoughts, questioning our thoughts can be a tool we use to invalidate our feelings. Questioning our thoughts was never a practice that was designed to invalidate or inspire doubt in the inner voice. If you ignore the inner voice and if you do not honor your feelings, you violate yourself. Violating yourself is a million times worse than being violated by someone else (I can tell you this after so many years as a “victim” of extreme abuse). There is nothing worse than living inside the same skin as the enemy. For those of us who care about making other people happy and for those of us that try hard to avoid conflict, it is absolutely crucial that we listen to our own emotions regardless of the cost. No consequence could ever be worth losing your own trust. No consequence is worth living at odds with yourself.
Then it was the turn of the bishop of Conversano and Monopoli, Domenico Padovano, who recounted to the clergy of their diocese how the priority of the bishops of the region of Tavoliere had been that of explaining to the Pope that the mass in the old rite was creating great divisions within the Church. The underlying message: Summorum Pontificum should be cancelled, or at least strongly limited. But Francis said no.
Mgr Padovano explained that Francis replied to them saying that they should be vigilant over the extremism of certain traditionalist groups but also suggesting that they should treasure tradition and create the necessary conditions so that tradition might be able to live alongside innovation.
The Bishops of the region of Tavoliere met recently with Pope Francis on anvisit. On their return home, one has given a fascinating glimpse of the attitude of Pope Francis to those who are seeking to use the opportunity of their papacy to attack the traditional Mass. This is reported in the Italian paper, in the article: La messa antica non si tocca, il Papa gesuita spiazza ancora tutti ("The old mass is not to be touched, the Jesuit Pope wrong-foots everyone")Here is my translation of the relevant part of the article which tells of other bishops raising concerns with the Holy Father and goes on to speak of the intervention concerning the old Mass:This is not really a surprise (did anyone expect that Pope Francis would somehow "repeal"?) but it is a welcome confirmation of what we would all expect.One thing that jumps out of the story is that the bishops of this region judged that their main pastoral priority - to be communicated to the Pope on a five-yearly visit - was to attack. Forget abortion, embryo experimentation, the push for same-sex marriage throughout Europe, the loss of faith of many Catholics and our failure in catechesis and evangelisation. No, the really big problem is a small number of priests legitimately saying the old Mass. Given what Pope Francis has said about the danger of being a self-referential Church, I can well imagine they gave them short shrift.
The San Bernardino iPhone hack story rumbles on, with three news organizations insisting that there is no good reason for the FBI to withhold the cost of accessing the phone. Associated Press, Vice Media and USA Today have asked a US judge to force the FBI to reveal the information, reports the BBC …
NordVPN
The FBI had been criticized for spending what was reputed to be around a million dollars to access the work phone of one of the shooters. Given the care the pair took to destroy their own phones and computers, it had always seemed unlikely they would have left evidence on the iPhone in question, and the FBI later admitted that nothing of interest was found. It did, however, argue that the lack of information was still helpful.
The three news organizations sued the FBI for the information, following which the agency released 100 pages of documents. However, the fee paid to access the phone was redacted.
In the court filings, the organisations said that there was “no adequate justification” for the FBI to continue to withhold the information. They added that they did not seek information that would jeopardise national security.
There has been much speculation on the cost of the hack. It was originally suggested that it may have cost as little as $15k, before FBI director James Comey said it cost “more than I will make in the remainder of this job, which is seven years and four months.” This led to an estimate of $1.3M before the FBI said that it was ‘less than a million‘ but declined to reveal the actual cost.
Image: TechCrunch
- A hilarious (very) low-budget ad for pet adoptions at an Atlanta no-kill animal shelter has been seen by more than a million viewers after going viral online.
The ad shows Paul Preston outside the Furkids Animal Rescue and Shelters in Atlanta, waving their arms wildly and imploring people to "Come on down!"
Inside, they show off the black cats, the big cats, the hungry cats, the "self-cleaning" cats, and they even get an on-the-spot high-five from one of the cats.
If cats are not your thing, they say, try "this thing called 'dogs!'" they say. At the end, they bust out into their own version of Sarah McLaughlin's "Angel," but with an entirely revamped track of their own.
Their humor mixed with compassion and of course, the adorable animals, has apparently touched a nerve online and has been shared on the social media site Reddit, garnering more than a million views.
Preston is the brother of one of the volunteers at the shelter, Helen Preston, who helped dream up the commercial with the Adoption Team Manager, Nicole Neill, after a day of adoptions one late Saturday afternoon.
"Paul is naturally clever and their hilariousness has clearly resonated with people," said Samantha Shelton with Furkids. "We hope this will interest people to visit their local animal shelter and adopt!" they said.
According to the organization's website, Furkids is a nonprofit that operates the largest cage-free, no-kill shelter in the Southeast for rescued cats and Sadie's Place, a no-kill shelter for dogs.
WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW (mobile users click here):
I am developing a Q&A website. Therefore, people must be able to answer questions and this system would be the same as commenting on posts. This is going to be a little longer than other posts so I divided this post by 2 sections:
1. Creating database and storing comments.
2. Rendering comments using Jinja2
It is not a complex problem but it was a little confusing when I was first implementing the system. The basic idea is that when people are submitting question A, the comments submitted under question A must be associated with question A. Using webapp2, we can easily do this by using the Key and the id of each question. But before we dive into creating key and id, let's first construct the data model for comments.
See the below code for an example.
class Reply(db.Model): content = db.TextProperty(required = True) question_post = db.ReferenceProperty(Post) created = db.DateTimeProperty(auto_now_add = True) last_modified = db.DateTimeProperty(auto_now = True) user = db.StringProperty()
The Comment class looks just like any other entity. However, I used a new property class called ReferenceProperty. This property class references to another model instance, and this allows me to fetch comments only associated to a specific post (question A). Here's the documentation.
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/python/datastore/typesandpropertyclasses#ReferenceProperty
See the below Question class that is referenced by the property “question_post”
class Question(db.Model): question_content = db.StringProperty(required = True) created = db.DateTimeProperty(auto_now_add = True) last_modified = db.DateTimeProperty(auto_now = True) user = db.StringProperty()
Now, let's look at HTML template for receiving comments data.
<input type="submit" value="Comment"> <input type="hidden" name="question_key" value="{{ question.key() }}" />
The comments input form is located under a question. Users will be able to see comments under the question. The important part is that you have to get the key of the question by using the key() method {{ post.key() }} and the value is hidden as we just want this to be stored in our comments database.
Let's now look at the main.py.
reply_content = self.request.get('content') if reply_content: question_key = self.request.get('question_key') question_post = Question.get(question_key) user=self.user.name q = Comment(content = reply_content, question_post = question_post, user = user) q.put()
We can use self.request.get(“question_key”) and get the comment content using self.request.get(“content”). Once you receive the data, you can now store this data into the Comment datastore. Since you have the key, the comment will be stored along with the key and this will allow us to only render comments with the id.
Keep in mind that this is based on db datastore and “ReferenceProperty” becomes “KeyProperty.” I will also write a post on ndb datastore once I complete migrating my datastore to ndb.
Advertisements
Minnesota United FC has yet to name a permanent captain to replace the now-retired Kyle Altman - but, as far as vice-captain Brian Kallman is concerned, replacing that leadership won't be the work of one man. "It's hard for one person to step in and fill that role," said the 29-year-old defender. "It's like the old saying: it takes a village to raise a village."
Earlier this week, Kallman sat down with five other senior players on the team - goalkeeper Matt Van Oekel, defenders Connor Tobin and Kevin Friedland, midfielder Aaron Pitchkolan, and striker Pablo Campos - to try to assemble a leadership committee of sorts, in the hopes of filling that vacuum.
"Between the six of us, we can kind of reach out to the whole team," said Kallman. "Maybe some of the guys won't listen to me, but they will listen to Connor, or maybe some of the guys will listen to me but not to Matt. If I wear the armband on game days, so be it; if not, I'm not going to care. Whether I wear the armband or not, I'm still going to be a leader, I'm still going to work hard and set the tone at training."
Over the past couple of years, United has depended on a close-knit locker room to give themselves an extra boost, and that team togetherness was a big reason that the club had two successful playoff runs. This year, Minnesota brought in a bunch of new players, and Kallman admits that the atmosphere in the locker room was "similar," not the same. "I think there were some locker room issues that were resolved with the trade," they said, referring to the deal that sent Bryan Arguez to Carolina.
"We had a lot of people on board who were willing to buy in," said Kallman. "We're trying to get it back to where it has been, and I don't think it'll be too hard, because most of the guys on the team are going to buy into what we want to do and buy into that locker room culture. If the older guys all hold each other accountable, and hold the team accountable, then I think we'll be able to manage it. "
It might just be a matter of adding the right players to the squad, and Minnesota has three new ones for the fall - and Kallman is excited about all three. "Sinisa [Ubiparipovic] is as old as I am. He's played professional soccer for eight years. Calum Mallace is a Minnesota guy, he's happy to be back here. Floyd Franks is another one, he's my age as well; he's been around a long time. He's very professional. I talked to them yesterday - we were doing fitness, and I was like, 'Man, I don't ever get to play against you because you're a center midfielder and I'm an outside back, but I never realized how fast you are.'"
Ubiparipovic, who played one game on loan for the Minnesota Thunder in 2007, might be just as well-placed as the vice-captain to see the changes in the club. Said Kallman, "The club is so much different than it was then. It's so much more professional. The quality of players is so much higher than we've ever had. I don't even know what our official roster size is, whether it's 25 or 26 guys; you look around the locker room, and you're like, any of these guys can play on a given day. Now we just need to figure out how we can get the most out of everyone on the team, and keep pushing each other. Whether you're a consistent starter, or you haven't played a minute all season, we just need to make sure we train at a high level. That's one of the reasons the older veterans got together and were talking on Monday."
For Kallman, the biggest area of improvement for the team can come from playing hard for all 90 minutes - and not switching off in crucial moments, like the first five or last five minutes of a half, or the five minutes after a goal. "If you look at all the games in the first season, we didn't play horribly," they said. "During games, we were awesome, but all of a sudden we'd hit a five- or a ten-minute period where maybe little bounces weren't going our way, or we couldn't keep possession, and then we'd end up giving a goal. Or [we'd make] a silly mistake at a crucial time. There were times, like in Carolina at the end of the game, we'd give up a goal to tie it up, and instead of being like, hey, listen, it's going to be a tie now, or we have to push for a win, in five minutes we're giving up a goal and we're losing in the last four minutes of a game."
United's first chance to right the ship comes on Saturday against Atlanta. Whether Kallman or one of the other senior players wears the captain's armband matters less; what matters more is that someone - maybe all six - steps up to lead the team.
Alexander Ciccolo (Mugshot).
The son of a Boston police captain was indicted on fresh charges in connection with an alleged plot, inspired by Islamic State, to detonate bombs filled with nails and ball bearings in crowded public places, federal prosecutors said on Thursday.
Alexander Ciccolo, 23, of Adams, Massachusetts, was charged with attempting to use weapons of mass destruction in the planned attack, the Office of the U.S. Attorney's Office for Massachusetts said in a statement.
They also face a single count of attempting to provide material support to a “foreign terrorist organization.” Authorities said the suspect was inspired by Islamic State, a militant group accused by Turkey of carrying out a suicide attack at Istanbul's main airport that killed 42 people this week.
Ciccolo, as known as Ali Al Amriki, was arrested in July 2015 after they received four firearms, including a Colt AR-15 rifle, from a witness who was cooperating with the Western Massachusetts Joint Terrorism Task Force.
The suspect was recorded saying they planned to set off pressure cookers filled with gun powder, nails and ball bearings in college cafeterias and other places where people congregate, prosecutors said.
Before their arrest, police observed Ciccolo buying a pressure cooker similar to those used in the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, which killed three and injuring 264 people. FBI agents had put Ciccolo under surveillance after being alerted to some of their posts on social media.
Law enforcement authorities also found partially constructed Molotov cocktails when searching Ciccolo's apartment. The devices contained a mixture of Styrofoam and motor oil designed to stick to the skin of victims after exploding, they said.
The suspect was initially charged with illegal possession of a firearm and assaulting a nurse at a county jail.
Ciccolo has received mental health treatment since childhood, sources familiar with the family told Reuters last year. Their father had alerted authorities to their concerns about their son's activities, the sources said.
If convicted in the charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, Ciccolo faces a sentence of life in prison and a fine of $250,000.
It was not known whether Ciccolo had an attorney, and the U.S. Attorney's Office could not be reached for comment.
(Reporting By Frank McGurty in New York; Additional reporting by Tim McLaughlin in Boston; Editing by Alan Crosby)
This has been a very busy month in the PVC figure world. Earlier in the month we had the 26th Prize Fair, the Miyazawa Model Exhibition Fall 2011, and the Gundam Expo. This week we had some awesome magazine scans and of course MegaHobby Expo! MegaHobby might have been the biggest of them all, with tons of new figure news. There were more new announcements than I was expecting, and it looks like 2012 is even more crowded now in terms of releases! So hit the jump to check out a roundup of all of our coverage as well as a gallery of all the odds and ends that showed up.
MegaHouse's POP Princess Shirahoshi and Jewelry Bonney
Alter's Panty & Stocking Line
MegaHouse's New Persona 4 Figures
Kotobukiya's Yu Yu Hakusho Line
Alter's Rita Mordio
Alpha x Omega's Suzaku Kururugi
Alter's Gothic Punk Louise Re-release
Alter's Durarara!! Line
Kotobukiya Announces More Yu-Gi-Oh Figures!
Alter's Momo Belia Deviluke
Alter's Last Exile Figure
Alter's 1/8 Menma
In the gallery there's a ton more, like new male POP figures, Alter's Nanoha and Selvaria, and tons of trading figure announcements. Check them all out and let us know what you're most excited for from MegaHobby!
[pictures via Hobbystock]
David Cobb, Josh Robinson and Bronson Hill will be given a closer look by the Detroit Lions on Tuesday.
The trio of running backs will be in town for a workout, as was first reported by Damond Talbot of NFL Draft Diamonds. Here's exactly what Talbot knows about the visit from their piece.
We are learning that both David Cobb the former Titans draft pick from Minnesota and Josh Robinson the former Colts draft pick from Mississippi State are in Detroit for a workout. Former Eastern Michigan RB Bronson Hill is also in for a workout. Cobb is a much better athlete but injuries slowed them down.  They are now on the rebound and looks great. Down from 234 pounds Cobb has been getting looks from NFL personnel.
The Detroit Lions are finally back to work in training camp. Stay up to date with everything --take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Lions newsletter now!
Indeed, Cobb was a fifth round pick of the Tennessee Titans in 2015, while Josh Robinson was a sixth round pick of the Indianapolis Colts that same year. Hill, a former Eastern Michigan runner, was a 2015 undrafted free agent of the Buffalo Bills, and has since bounced around to six teams and four practice squads.
Cobb is the most accomplished of the three statistically, with 146 rushing yards and a touchdown to their credit in the league. As Talbot wrote, they might have the highest ceiling right now thanks to health.
Obviously, the Lions are looking for a few extra bodies at running back ahead of the preseason, a time when they need players to eat carries to perhaps minimize the damage to key backs on the roster.
Update 10am: A young German man has been arrested after one person was killed and three others injured in a knife attack at a railway station near Munich, authorities said.
Police quoted witnesses as saying the assailant made "politically motivated comments" during the stabbings. Some reports said they shouted "Allahu Akbar" - "God is great".
The 27-year-old suspect, a German who was not resident in Bavaria, attacked several people with a 4in (10cm) knife at Grafing Bahnhof, police said.
Police investigate the scene of a stabbing at a station in Grafing near Munich, Germany. Picture: AP Photo/Matthias Schrader
The incident happened shortly before 5am local time at the station, which is about 20 miles (30km) east of Munich and near the end of one of the city's commuter railway lines.
At the scene, police forensic experts in white overalls marked more than 40 bloody footprints - some of them barefoot - on the platform with chalk numbers and collected evidence, including a mobile phone that was pulled from the gap between the train and platform.
"We can say very little at the moment about the background" to the attack, said Karl-Heinz Segerer, a spokesperson for Bavaria's state criminal police office.
"Witness questioning shows that there were politically motivated comments on the perpetrator's part" during the attack, they told n-tv television.
They did not give details and said witnesses and the suspect will be pressed on what they said and to whom.
Bavaria's top security official, Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann, said officials will also look into whether the attacker was mentally disturbed.
Police and prosecutors said a 50-year-old man died from their injuries. The other victims were men aged 43, 55 and 58. They have not yet been identified.
Earlier: One person has been killed and three others injured at a railway station near Munich by a knifeman shouting "Allah is great", German media have reported.
A police spokesperson told the Bild newspaper that the attacker had been overpowered and arrested.
Broadcaster Bayrische Rundfunk reported that witnesses to the stabbings said the man shouted "Allahu Akbar".
The broadcaster said one of the victims was critically injured and died in hospital.
Three other victims suffered lesser injuries in the attack, which happened at around 5am local time.
Bayerische Rundfunk reported that the attacker is a young man who was not known to German police.
“It's not very clear,” the official said. “A lot of this is going to come out of the trial. Their claim could just be their claim.”
Still, the very fact that the government is presenting Mr. Headley as a prosecution witness suggests that at least some in the government believe they are telling the truth. And the authorities said they expected the government to present e-mails and tapes of telephone conversations to support their story.
Any new evidence of ISI malfeasance that emerges from the trial will reverberate in Washington, with the relationship between the United States and Pakistan at its most tenuous in years.
A growing chorus on Capitol Hill argues that the discovery of Bin Laden's hideout and the evidence in Mr. Headley's case leave no doubt that the ISI and its Pakistani military overseers have played a cynical double game with the United States. Pakistan has received $20 billion in military and development assistance since 2001, and its military, they say, has sheltered Bin Laden, supported Afghan Taliban who kill American troops and guided the militants who attacked Mumbai.
Mr. Headley themselves is not on trial. But they will be the main witness against Tahawwur Hussain Rana, a Chicago business person who is accused of providing financial and logistical support for the 2008 siege in Mumbai. The attack, a barrage of gunfire and grenades, killed at least 163 people, including six Americans. Mr. Rana's defense is that they agreed to support Mr. Headley's activities in India because they were led to believe they were working for the ISI, and therefore the Pakistani government.
Bruce O. Riedel, a terrorism expert at the Brookings Institution and former Central Intelligence Agency officer, predicted that the trial would be “the next nail in the coffin of U.S.-Pakistan relations, as the ISI's role in the murder of six Americans is revealed in graphic detail.”
American authorities have kept much of the evidence secret. Citing national security concerns, they have successfully moved to quash the defense lawyers' subpoenas for State Department cables and records held by the F.B.I. that discuss Pakistan's links with militants.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And though the government has charged four other men, including the officer known as Major Iqbal, with aiding and abetting the murder of American citizens, the indictment refers to them either as commanders or associates of the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, not as having links to the ISI.
In interviews in recent days, American military and intelligence officials who have served in Pakistan argued that the ISI's story is complex. Some of them portray it as an unwieldy bureaucracy that even Pakistani generals struggle to control. The United States should try to reform the ISI, they argue, not abandon it.
“I think we're at an extremely critical juncture,” said James Helmly, a retired general who served as the senior American military representative in Pakistan from 2006-8. “We need to mature the relationship.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Arguably the most feared institution in Pakistan, the ISI has a mythic reputation among Pakistanis as a shadow government with a hand in virtually every major development in the country. Human rights and democracy activists say the agency is out of control and accuse it of carrying out hundreds of disappearances, systematically rigging elections and harassing civilians who support peace with India.
They say the American raid that killed Bin Laden has created a rare moment when the ISI's judgment and effectiveness is being challenged. Whether the ISI was sheltering Bin Laden or was unaware of their presence, it must be revamped, they say.
In a series of unusual developments in a country long dominated by its powerful military, the ISI chief twice offered to resign last week. News commentators are criticizing the agency, and political parties are demanding that the ISI be reined in.
“It depends on the caliber and the grit of the political leadership,” Rasul Baksh Rais, a leading Pakistani political scientist, said in an interview. “How they can use this opportunity to restructure the civilian-military relationship and bring the military under civilian control.”
American and Pakistani officials said the ISI was still dominated by military officers wedded to an outdated, paranoid and dangerous mindset that the C.I.A. helped create during the 1980s anti-Soviet conflict in Afghanistan. More ultranationalists than jihadists, the ISI's officers consider themselves to be Pakistan's true guardians. They see the United States as a feckless and immoral power that is in deep decline, India as Pakistan's main threat and militants as proxies they can control.
A former American intelligence official said the C.I.A. funneled vast amounts of covert aid to more cooperative sections of the ISI in an effort to strengthen them. Former American officials said they did the same with the Pakistani Army. But progress has been slow.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
American critics of the ISI say it will never be reformed or weakened by Pakistan's civilian leadership. They say that proponents of continued American aid to the ISI are naïve and “apologists” for an agency that has repeatedly double-crossed the United States.
The man who is suddenly an important figure in the relationship between Pakistan and the United States, Mr. Headley, may not be the most reliable witness, despite evidence that they have worked closely with intelligence and drug agencies here and abroad. Their adult life is a blur of deceit, involving multiple marriages, illegal business deals and numerous turns in and out of jail.
Mr. Rana's defense will succeed or fail on their lawyers' ability to discredit Mr. Headley, who, according to court records, has a history of alcohol and drug abuse. Under threat of prosecution for drug trafficking, they became an informant in Pakistan for the Drug Enforcement Administration.
The defense lawyers are expected to show that Mr. Headley has a long history of deceiving American law enforcement authorities. One anticipated piece of evidence is an informant agreement that would provide the most conclusive evidence yet that Mr. Headley was under contract with the D.E.A. when they began training with terrorists.
Authorities with knowledge of the case say the lawyers are also considering summoning one of Mr. Headley's ex-wives, a New York woman who works at a department store makeup counter. The lawyers may want the woman to describe how they warned the F.B.I. that their husband was plotting with terrorists, and how the government failed to thoroughly investigate their accusations because Mr. Headley persuaded them that they were lying.
The case is a microcosm of the missteps, distrust and confusion that has marked the American efforts in Pakistan since 2001, according to current and former American officials. Former American officials who have served in Pakistan argued that whatever evidence the trial produces, it would be a mistake to cut off all American aid to the ISI or the Pakistani military.
Marty Martin, a retired C.I.A. official who oversaw the hunt for Bin Laden from 2002 to 2004, said cutting assistance would further isolate Pakistani officers who cooperated with the United States and embolden the powerful militant groups that span Pakistan.
“There is no option except to continue working with them,” Mr. Martin said. “Why? This is not over.”
Ukraine's parliament began a procedure to dissolve the regional assembly in Crimea after it asked to join Russia, Ukraine's interim president Oleksandr Turchynov said Thursday.
"The Rada (parliament in Kiev) will begin the procedure for dissolution," Turchynov said hours after the assembly in the tense peninsula adopted a motion to become part of the Russian Federation.
Turchynov, speaking in a televised address, also slammed the Crimea legislators' decision as a "crime" backed by the Russian military.
New prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk and former Ukrainian boxer turned politician Vitali Klitschko had variously described the referendum move on Thursday as "an illegitimate decision" and a "huge provocation against Ukraine".
EU leaders holding an emergency summit on the Ukraine crisis also called the referendum illegal.
The parliament in Crimea, which has come under de facto control by pro-Russian forces since the ousting of Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, asked Russian President Vladimir Putin Thursday to examine a request for their region to join the Russian Federation.
The decision was also to be put to a "referendum" on the peninsula only on March 16.
Crimea was attached to Ukraine by the Soviet Union in 1954, but Moscow was still allowed to maintain its Black Sea Fleet at the main port of Sevastopol, its home for some 250 years.
Bye-bye Mr. Moonman ... Hello Moon Person!
In keeping with some new changes at the network, MTV is doing away with the gendered VMA trophy, lovingly called the "Moonman," in favor of a gender-free space traveler, which will be henceforth known as the "Moon Person."
In an interview with the New York Times, MTV's president Chris McCarthy said that, in addition to getting rid of the gendered categories at the 2017 MTV Movie Awards and upcoming 2017 MTV VMAs, winners would be taking home the gender neutral figure.
In the interview, McCarthy said, "Why should it be a man? It could be a man, it could be a woman, it could be transgender, it could be nonconformist."
Viewers will be able to see the updated trophy at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, which will air live from The Forum in Inglewood, Calif. on Sunday, August 27 at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
Thank you all for the beautiful comments and faves!
And I'm just going to rant in my journal or this caption will have a million words hahaha
▌Ticketing/Funding Site
▌Facebook Event Page
▌ The chinese calligraphy says: Spirit (up); water, earth, fire, air (from left clock-wise) and world (down)
Legend of Korra © Bryan Konietzko & Michael Dante DiMartino
Artwork © Xerina
This is llustration is part of the PixelDrip Gallery LOK Artshow: “I'm The Art Show, Deal With it!”I'm so happy to be a part of it!!! If you are a fan of Korra and are in the California area then is a must-go! There are a bunch of amazing artists and even greater Korra fans participating and you really can't loose this opportunity! I would looooove to be there, but is too far for me to goSo please go and enjoy it!The venue is Monk Space in Koreatown, Los Angeles, CA. March 23rd-24th is the show dates. Don't forget to spread the word!
Header Illustration by Sunless Design .
Welcome to the Waypoint High School Class of 2016 Yearbook. We're giving out senior superlatives to our favorite games, digging into the year's biggest stories via extracurriculars , and following our favorite characters through their adventures together in fanfic . See you in 2017!
Once, their footsteps would spill like glass beads out into the tiled hallway. Light and hard and many and directly on the heels of that first bell, there was a crisp resonance as they emerged from the doorways. They flowed like streams joining a river, only to branch out again when they each arrived to their next period classroom. They never milled about, an army of strong minds and wide, glossy eyes occupied with a perpetual purpose. To the projection clones, the end of one task only ever meant the start of another, and so they had moved throughout the school accordingly.
That was how it used to be, at least, and while they didn't quite know if they were looking back on those times fondly, they certainly knew that something was amiss in the way things were for them now.
They were rarely the first in their seat back then, yet now they had minutes that seemed to stretch like years before even the teacher would join them Moments all to themselves in empty classrooms, as the other students milked every spare moment in the hallway before the second bell would coax them in. While they laughed and filled the tiled halls with a clamouring, chaotic din, that last individual clone waited for their lessons to start. Hands folded, ankles crossed, eyes forward.
Two minutes, and their eyes darted keen as a bird's to the pencil sitting parallel to the edge of their desk. Another beat and they broke their trained posture, picking the implement up and angling their thumb over the eraser. Two clicks, and they held the mechanism open so they could nudge a single millimeter of lead back into the barrel. They returned both their pencil and their hand to their places.
Mechanical pencils never needed to be sharpened, and that's why they used them. They marked the page strongly and crisply with lines easily read. You could still erase your mistakes, but there was no losing the details, no dull-tipped ambiguity or clumsy smudges.
Whether there had been something missing back then, they couldn't really say; there had never been the time to assess. They had goals to meet and standards to raise to get the school in line with board expectations. Low scores meant low funding for the fledgling academy, then low enrollment in turn, and a slow and steady decline into a pit they might never climb back out of. Obvious that was undesirable, so they and their sisters (could they be called as much? It seemed a little too intimate, in hindsight) had been a means to that end. Purpose-built, they were the vital little blood cells coursing through the body of this building, flushing it with the life and strength it had so sorely lacked when they first arrived.
They had done their work well, and it was their nature to move on when that work was done—to make way for a population who would benefit from what they had built. None of it was ever theirs to keep. No, it was all numbers on a page somewhere. Not even a page in their hands that they could see and feel, but out in the ether or in the possession of some bureaucrat somewhere. Regardless, numbers had brought their sisters there, and numbers had sent them away again.
Not her, though. The numbers kept them there still; specifically one thin column that had come up one thin figure short.
That one thin figure meant that they hadn't been asked to make way for anyone, and so they remained. Hands folded, ankles crossed, eyes forward. Outside they heard books shifting in arms, padlocks and zippers, someone crowing in delight and someone else snaps a lipbalm closed. Second bell.
They had never stopped in the hall before. They had never just stood in that space—her road, their concourse. The student with the misfortune of walking behind them just then was as surprised as they when the (patter) of their stiff leather shoes stopped. They sidestepped with a pointed look at the mushroom-like bob of hair sitting atop their shoulders, sneakers whining as they diverted their frame around theirs at the last minute.
Mechanical pencils never needed to be sharpened, and that's why they used them.
Sawdust has a particular scent to it. Earthy sweetness, sharp and arresting. But for as many times as she'd stride purposefully past the machine-filled manufacturing workshop she'd never actually registered that smell. She'd never registered the workshop itself, either. But now that they were peering in through the double doors that had been wedged open for ventilation's sake, they realized how different the room was from every other in the school. It was three times as large for one thing, with a scratched-up glass partition between the stools and tables that made the place vaguely resemble a classroom and the drills and saws that made it seem anything but.
Yet what was in this room was of less interest to them than whom: a single student working on something at an almost possessed pace. Pippa was a memorable classmate. Not the most memorable, certainly, but in a school overflowing with uniqueness they still didn't fade into the background.
The oblique angle of their ponytail helped, as did the guileless way they would ask to borrow a pen, a pencil, a sheet or four of paper from whoever was seated nearest at the start of any class they'd ever shared. They did, at the very least, return what they could when they were finished, and that was likely why the single remaining projection clone within the student body didn't have a wholly unfavorable impression of them They seemed earnest, and earnestness in turn seemed rare.
Related, from Waypoint: Make sure to check out yesterday's yearbook fic, "The Coven", which features characters from Tokyo Mirage Sessions, Mystic Messenger, and Overwatch!
Earnest as they are, though, they aren't exactly the second one to make their way into class. They were usually last if they aren't late or altogether absent, and it was easy to assume this was proof of a lazy nature (a cardinal sin so far as clones were ever concerned.) That said, there was nothing lazy in the way they worked now. Nothing flaky about the eking out of a few precious extra moments in the gap between bells for... For...
"What is that?"
The softness of a seldom-used voice calling out from the doorway couldn't compete against the whirr of the scroll saw. When no answer followed, they took a few steps in—enough to bring them to the dirty glass divider. A rap of knuckles on it and the sawband stilled as Pippa lifted their eyes from their work.
The projection clone repeated, "What is that you're doing?"
The other girl pulled the plastic goggles they were wearing up onto their brow, carelessly mussing their ruler-straight black fringe in the process. Pippa lifted their piece off the machine's table, holding it up for them to make sense of. A little block of wood, irregularly shaped as if it had previously been scrap, with the silhouette of a cat traced but only half carved out.
"Keychain!" Pippa beamed.
The stare that met this answer was doubtful enough that the other girl began pointing to indicate a little hole already drilled at the nape of the figure's neck. "The hardware'll go here!"
"Hardware?"
"The, like, chain bits?"
"And then what?"
"And then, you know... My keys?"
"Your keys?"
They were lucky enough that Pippa didn't read the incredulousness in their voice as slight or sarcasm. It wasn't. "That would be why I'm making a keychain, yeah," they replied, tugging their goggles back into place and setting their project back in place against the blade. The saw roared back to life and Pippa carried on with their work, doing their level best to ignore the wide, glossy eyes following every curve and angle they made in it.
That said, there was nothing lazy in the way they worked now.
For every other student's wide-eyed intentions for their future, the projection clone's hard work had never seemed to be building to anything. Them classmates' purpose was still inbound. But for the projection clones, purpose was only ever what they were doing, and what they had always done, and what they were meant to continue doing wherever they were most needed. Those numbers on those pages, wherever they were, certainly hadn't ever been for them benefit. It wasn't meant to bring them anything at all. There was no end outside of executing on the means to it with precision, perfection, and diligence.
But this wasn't a number, and it wasn't out in the ether. This was something they could turn over in their small, strong hands, feeling the roughness of unfinished surfaces before they would shape them down to suit them liking. A keychain or a rattle, a shelf or a box. Whatever it was that week, it was something they could keep—the proof that she'd been there, and that she'd done something while they are—held in their hands and no one else's.
Mechanical pencils never needed to be sharpened, and that was why they liked them. They marked the wood strongly and crisply with lines easily read. You could follow them even though the sawdust, and sand them away when you were done.
Muslime in Sachsen
Von Karen Krüger
- 06:45
Mitglieder der muslimischen Gemeinde beim Gebet im Marwa El-Sherbiny Kultur- und Bildungszentrum in Dresden. Bild: Daniel Pilar
Angeblich waren die Attentate in Dresden der Ausdruck einer ostdeutschen Hoffnungslosigkeit. Wie geht es aber Dresdner Muslimen?
Ein paar Tage, nachdem Dresden kurz hintereinander zwei Sprengstoffanschläge erlebt hat – der erste explodierte vor der Fatih-Moschee, der zweite am Kongresszentrum –, ein paar Tage also, nachdem ein Attentat mit wahrscheinlich fremdenfeindlichem Hintergrund verübt worden ist, hat die ehemalige Grünen-Politikerin Antje Hermenau im Deutschlandfunk ein Interview gegeben. Sie sprach von unaufgearbeiteten Fehlern bei mangelhafter Integration und von einer „aufschnappenden zornigen Entladung im Osten“, weil nicht darüber diskutiert werde, was died Zuwanderung bringen soll. Das Attentat, sagte Antje Hermenau, müsse man als „Akt der Verzweiflung“ zur Kenntnis nehmen, ja sogar vermuten, „dass immer mehr Menschen aus Verzweiflung zur Gewalt greifen“ könnten, und das sei „ natürlich ein unhaltbarer Zustand einer Demokratie“. Aus Sicht jener, die das potentielle Ziel von Anschlägen wie von dem in Dresden sind, ist die Situation schon längst unhaltbar. Wer verzweifelt denn hier: die Bombenleger oder jene, die das Ziel der Bomben sind?
Das schöne Bild, das Dresden als Ort der Künste und Kultur einmal abgab, hat sich längst verdunkelt: 2004 zog die NPD in den sächsischen Landtag ein und blieb dort bis 2014; 2009 erstach ein Mann, der die Partei nach eigenem Bekunden gewählt hatte, in einem Dresdner Gericht die Ägypterin Marwa El-Sherbini. Auf einem Spielplatz hatte er die Apothekerin wegen ihres Kopftuchs als „Schlampe“ und „Terroristin“ beschimpft; die junge Frau hatte ihn angezeigt. Der Mord warf ein Schlaglicht auf die Islamfeindlichkeit in Deutschland. Und auch heute muss, wer nach Dresden fährt, nicht lange nach „Verzweiflung“ suchen: Man trifft sie jeden Montag tausendfach, wenn Pegida gegen die „Islamisierung des Abendlandes“ aufmarschiert. Weit abseits der Kundgebung traf ich vor fast einem Jahr auf eine Verzweiflung der ganz anderen Art. Ich traf Muslime, denen in der Stadt, in der sie leben und mit der sie sich verbunden fühlen, Woche für Woche grölend erklärt wird, dass sie da nicht hingehören. Sie erzählten mir, dass es viel Kraft erfordere, sich davon nicht das Selbstwertgefühl nehmen zu lassen. Nun, nach dem Bombenattentat fragen sie sich: Wie sicher sind wir noch in Dresden?
Ein fairer Umgang mit dem Islam
„Ich weiß, welches Potential in dieser Stadt ist“, sagt etwa Khaldun Al Saadi. „Das Bombenattentat hat mich deshalb zwar erschüttert, wirklich überrascht hat es mich aber nicht. Die Politik muss sich jetzt fragen, was sie anders machen muss.“ Khaldun Al Saadi, ein junger Mann mit dunklen Haaren und schwarz-gerahmter Brille, ist gläubiger Muslim. Er betet fünfmal am Tag, isst kein Schweinefleisch und trinkt keinen Alkohol. Genauso ist er mit Herz und Seele Sachse. Er wurde im Jahr der deutschen Wiedervereinigung in Chemnitz geboren, als Sohn einer deutschen Mutter und eines Vaters, der als junger Mann aus Südjemen in die DDR gekommen war – als einer von vielen jungen Jemeniten, denen Honecker als Entwicklungshilfe für den sozialistischen Bruderstaat ein Studium anbot. Khaldun Al Saadi ist Stipendiat der Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung und studiert in Leipzig Islam- und Kommunikationswissenschaft, wohnt aber in Dresden. Bis vor kurzem hatte er in seiner Gemeinde den ehrenamtlichen Job des Sprechers: Das „Islamische Zentrum“ ist eine von drei Moscheegemeinden der Stadt, die sich alle als Gemeinden der Mitte beschreiben lassen: offen gegenüber nicht-muslimischem Publikum, moderat in theologischen Fragen. Al Saadi sieht es als seine Aufgabe, der Islamfeindlichkeit eine vernünftige Antwort entgegenzusetzen. Er hält Reden und ist oft zu Gast auf Podien. Seine Forderung: ein fairer Umgang mit dem Islam. Zudem möchte er, dass Dresdens Ruf nicht noch schlechter wird und dass Muslime sich in Sachsen sicher fühlen können – Al Saadi kämpft für seine Heimat, gleichermaßen für die spirituelle wie für die geographische.
Das Leben der Dresdner Muslime beschreibt er als ein Leben unter konstantem Druck, in dem Rassismus, Gewalt und Fremdenfeindlichkeit alltäglich geworden sind. Früher hätte man sich nur vor Glatzen hüten müssen. Mittlerweile teilten jedoch auch Bürger, von denen man dies nicht erwarten würde, Beleidigungen und Schläge aus. Der Tochter eines Gemeindemitglieds sei auf dem Schulweg der Schleier heruntergerissen worden, erzählt Al Saadi. Eine Muslimin wurde in der Straßenbahn beleidigt, ihr Vater geschlagen. Einer Bekannten und deren Kindern rief ein Mann in Chemnitz „Ihr werdet alle brennen!“ hinterher. „Am zermürbendsten finde ich diese Hilflosigkeit“, sagt Al Saadi. „Diese Menschen sehen den Islam als frauenfeindliche, gewaltverherrlichende Religion. Man möchte den Leuten so gerne sagen: Ich bin nicht so. Der Islam ist nicht so. Wir Muslime sind nicht so. Aber langsam habe ich den Eindruck, die meisten Leute interessiert das gar nicht.“
Fragiler gesellschaftlicher Boden
Al Saadi und seine Gemeinde haben schon viel im Kampf gegen Ängste und Vorbehalte getan. Viele der Gemeindemitglieder kamen in den achtziger Jahren nach Sachsen, als Studenten, als Vertragsarbeiter. Die jungen wurden hier geboren. Deutsch ist die Sprache, in der sie sich zu Hause fühlen. Die Gemeinde lädt ein zu Konferenzen, engagiert sich im interreligiösen Dialog, ist Ansprechpartner bei Fragen zu Terrorismus und Islamismus. Auch in der Flüchtlingsfrage hat sie sich engagiert: Als die Dresdner Asyl-Zeltstadt an der Bremer Straße im Sommer 2015 mit ungenügender medizinischer Versorgung, zu wenigen Toiletten und überfüllten Schlafstätten einen medialen GAU verursachte, sorgte sie dafür, dass sich der Schaden für Mensch und Image in Grenzen hielt. Die Flüchtlinge bekamen in den Gemeinderäumen warme Mahlzeiten, konnten tagsüber dort verweilen, ihre Handys aufladen, die Waschmaschine benutzen, duschen. Nach einigen Wochen riefen die städtischen Wasserwerke an: Der Verbrauch sei plötzlich so hoch, ob die Moschee einen Wasserschaden habe?
Mehr zum Thema
Die Gemeinde stellt Großartiges auf die Beine, vor allem wenn man bedenkt, dass alles von Ehrenamtlichen geleistet wird. Ganz gleich, welches Anliegen an sie herangetragen wird: Sie macht bei allem mit. Wohl wissend natürlich auch, wie schnell man als islamische Gemeinde unter Rechtfertigungsdruck geraten kann. Als Salafisten in der Dresdner Fußgängerzone Korane verteilen wollten, stellte das „Islamische Zentrum“ sich öffentlich gegen die Aktion. Die Verteiler seien Muslime, die glaubten, „nach einer Überdosis Online-Fatwa-Videos über Nacht zu ,Gelehrten‘ zu werden“, schrieb Al Saadi. Damit hatte er natürlich recht. Doch welche christliche Gemeinde würde eine Stellungnahme für notwendig erachten, wenn es um die zweifelhaften Umtriebe einer christlichen Sekte geht, mit der sich die Gemeinde ohnehin nicht identifiziert?
Wie fragil der gesellschaftliche Boden für sie ist, zeigte sich, als das ZDF-Magazin „Frontal 21“ im September 2014 berichtete, Max P. und Samuel W., zwei junge Konvertiten aus Sachsen, hätten im „Islamischen Zentrum“ gebetet, bevor sie in den Dschihad nach Syrien aufgebrochen seien. Außerdem unterhalte die Gemeinde Kontakt zur Muslimbruderschaft. Der Beitrag war keine fünf Minuten lang, genügte aber, um die langjährigen Integrationsbemühungen zu torpedieren. Schon am nächsten Morgen stand ein Pulk aus Journalisten und Kamerateams vor der Moschee. Einige Tage später erkannte Al Saadi auf einem Foto tatsächlich in Max P. einen der Besucher wieder, die während des Ramadans in die Moschee gekommen waren. Länger mit ihm gesprochen hatte er nicht. Dass sie Kontakt zur Muslimbruderschaft habe, wies die Gemeinde zurück. Der Verfassungsschutz bestätigte die Behauptung des ZDF nicht. Doch egal, wie absurd die Vorwürfe auch sein mögen, was einmal in der Welt ist, wird nicht mehr vergessen, vor allem nicht in Zeiten des Internets. Als Al Saadi ein knappes Jahr später in einer Grundschulklasse „Der fliegende Teppich“ vorlesen sollte, sagte die Schule ihm am Abend zuvor ab: Zwei Eltern hätten sich beschwert. Bei dem gemeinsamen Gespräch, das eigentlich ein klärendes werden sollte, knallten sie Ausdrucke von Zeitungsberichten und Kommentaren zu dem „Frontal 21“-Beitrag auf den Tisch. Die Schuldirektorin glaubte Al Saadi zwar, hatte aber nicht den Mut, sich gegen die Eltern durchzusetzen. Für sie ist Al Saadi ein islamistischer Funktionär.
Abbau von Vorurteilen
In Städten mit großen muslimischen Gemeinden und einer ausgeprägten muslimischen Infrastruktur haben Muslime zahlreiche Möglichkeiten, gemeinsam die Anfeindungen zu reflektieren und sich gegenseitig den Druck zu nehmen. In Dresden sind die Bedingungen andere: Ein Klein-Istanbul oder Klein-Kabul, wie es von Pegida-Anhängern immer wieder behauptet wird, gibt es in der Stadt nicht. Die Gemeinden drohen aufgerieben zu werden von dem Druck von rechts und ihrem eigenen Bemühen, Vorbehalte und Ängste durch gesellschaftliches Engagement zu entkräften.
Wie das ist, weiß auch Maghdi Khalil. Der Ägypter ist Mitte vierzig und forscht seit acht Jahren in Dresden am Max-Planck-Institut. Sein spirituelles Zuhause ist das „Kultur- und Bildungszentrum Marwa El-Sherbini“, kurz MKEZ. Das im Mai 2009 gegründete Kulturzentrum möchte Muslimen eine Plattform bieten, um sich gemeinsam für den Abbau von Vorurteilen zu engagieren. Unter den Mitgliedern der ersten Stunde war auch Marwa El-Sherbini. Einen Monat nach der Vereinsgründung war sie tot. Der Verein nahm ihren Namen an – als ehrende Geste und als Mahnung, was niemals wieder geschehen soll. Die Gemeinde lädt ein zu Gesprächen bei Kaffee und Kuchen, veranstaltet Arabischkurse, hat schon Fußballturniere ausgerichtet und Lauftreffen für jedermann. Als sich im Februar 2015 der Tag der Zerstörung von Dresden zum siebzigsten Mal jährte, da wurde im MKEZ der Opfer in der Freitagspredigt gedacht. Danach reihten sich die Gemeindemitglieder vor der Frauenkirche in die Menschenkette des „stillen Gedenkens“ ein. „Viele von uns fragen sich heute: Hat das alles etwas gebracht?“, sagt Khalil. Steht man vor dem Gebäude des Kulturzentrums, erkennt man, dass an einer Wand ein Schriftzug überstrichen worden ist: Eines Nachts hatte dort jemand eine Beleidigung des Propheten hingeschmiert. Maghdi Khalil empfindet sie als so verletzend, dass er sie nicht aussprechen will.
Gehen Hochqualifizierte lieber woanders hin?
Bevor er nach Dresden kam, war der promovierte Ingenieur an der Universität Tokio tätig. Er sagt: „In Dresden habe ich mir zum ersten Mal im Leben meine Haut angesehen und gedacht: Oh, stimmt, ich bin nicht weiß.“ Khalil gilt als hochqualifiziert. Nach nur einem halben Jahr bekam er deshalb eine unbefristete Aufenthaltsgenehmigung. Deutschland braucht Leute wie ihn. Aber wollen Leute wie er überhaupt noch nach Deutschland kommen? An Sachsens neun Hochschulen, neun Fraunhofer-Instituten, drei Leibniz-Instituten, drei Max-Planck-Instituten und der Helmholtz-Gesellschaft arbeiten etwa 1000 ausländische Wissenschaftler. Mittlerweile sei der Zuzug internationaler Forscher deutlich abgeebbt. Kahlil erzählt von Kollegen, die darüber nachdenken, wegen der angespannten Atmosphäre lieber woanders hinzugehen.
Er selbst könne in der verschärften Stimmung gegen Muslime auch etwas Gutes sehen, sagte Khalil mir vor einem Jahr: Die Leute stellten viele Fragen zum Islam und dem Kopftuch seiner Frau. Heute ist er da zurückhaltender: „Wenn es um den Islam geht, schreien viele Leute gleich ,Scharia!‘. Sie glauben, dass Scharia nur drakonische Strafen meint. Wenn ich versuche zu erklären, was died Scharia auch noch ist, hören die meisten nicht mehr zu.“
Der 3. Oktober, der Tag der Deutschen Einheit, ist in Deutschland auch der Tag der offenen Moschee. Die Dresdener Gemeinden haben beschlossen, auch in diesem Jahr daran festzuhalten. Doch diesmal standen die Einrichtungen unter Polizeischutz. Man fürchtete Taten von „Verzweifelten“.
by A1F Daily Staff - Wednesday, January 6, 2016
The European Commission (EC) is still planning to enact comprehensive gun-control legislation, including a complete ban on certain semi-automatic firearms, that would apply to all member nations of the European Union (EU). While potential opponents largely kept quiet in the immediate wake of the Paris terror attacks, an increasingly vocal contingent is now expressing discomfort over the scope of the pending reform. And while we might expect to see pushback from within the ranks of European gun owners, some opposition to the new legislative package is also coming from the highest levels of government. “After this conversation I do not expect the draft to come into force in its present form.” — Joachim Streitberger
An article appearing in Politico soon after the Paris attacks alluded to the high degree of coordinated opposition to the gun-control package that could be expected from hunting and sporting groups in countries such as Germany. True to this prediction, lobbyists representing several gun clubs were issued an invitation by the German Interior Ministry (BMI) to discuss the new legislation and whether it should be modified.
While the BMI emphasized to the public that the government body had not reached any final conclusions, the participants from the gun clubs appeared happy with the meeting. “The proposal contains things that the BMI said would be difficult for them, and where changes would be called for,” said Joachim Streitberger, head of an association of German shooting ranges. “After this conversation I do not expect the draft to come into force in its present form.” It may be that the government does not require much persuasion by representatives of the firearms industry; an article published in Der Spiegel presents evidence that Germany's leaders do not want the gun-control package to pass in its current state.
While concern in Germany appears to be motivated largely by the needs of hunters and sport shooters, Finland opposes the gun-control reform on different grounds: The government states that voluntary firearms training is an indispensable part of the nation's civil defense tradition. Adult Finnish males are expected to perform compulsory military service, and after leaving active duty they are placed in the nation's reserves. They are subsequently expected to take refresher courses on their own time, and this training utilizes semi-automatic rifles that would likely be banned under the EC's coming law.
Finnish Interior Minister Petteri Orpo has argued that in its present form, the proposed gun-control package will jeopardize national defense. As a country with a long border with Russia—and a history of being invaded by its more powerful neighbor—Finland is unwilling to give up its access to an armed and well-trained populace. Sweden has also expressed concern over limiting the range of firearms used for hunting, while the Czech Republic—one of the rare European nations with a robust concealed-carry tradition—has also voiced its opposition. We hope to see further developments as responsible gun owners—and sensible governments—push back against the one-size-fits-all gun control devised by the European Commission.
It is hard to gauge whether the threat of harsh gun control is driving gun sales in European countries, given that they have been on the rise even before the legislation was announced. In Germany and Austria—both of which are rumored to oppose the comprehensive gun-control package—concern for self-defense has led to a spike in firearm sales. People in both countries are worried about an increased threat of crime and terrorism as a wave of refugees breaks upon eastern and central Europe.
Another theme that emerges from the gun debate in Europe is simple common sense about what laws can accomplish, a refrain that the NRA often has cause to repeat. “Weapons law, by definition, is only concerned with legal weapon owners, because they stick to the law,” says Streitberger, the German gun lobbyist. “The criminal doesn't care one bit what is in the law. The paradox is to try to use the law to avoid disadvantaging the law-abiding, while regulating the law-breaker, and that's a paradox that a lawmaker can't solve. Which weapon used in Paris was legally owned?”
We hope to see further developments as responsible gun owners—and sensible governments—push back against the one-size-fits-all gun control devised by the European Commission. As Europeans face a renewed threat of terrorism, what they don't need are fewer good guys with guns.
Collection MountainGoats
01: Until I Am Whole
02: Amy AKA Spent Gladiator 1
03: See America Right
04: Damn These Vampires
05: Get Lonely
06: Dark as a Dungeon *
07: “Going the Ways” $
08: Store
09: Steal Smoked Fish
10: Lakeside View Apartments Suite
11: Ezekiel 7 and the Permanent Efficacy of Grace
12: Up the Wolves
13: Blood Capsules
14: Foreign Object
15: Wild Sage
16: No Children %
17: Spent Gladiator 2
Encore:
18: This Year
19: California Song
————————
* Merle Travis cover
$ (Song for Roman Darnielle)
% mostly sung by the crowd
Notes
Notes: Thanks to Mountain Goats' sound engineer Brandon Eggleston for supporting live music recording!
compiled 7/22/2016 by brian dot emerick at gmail dot com
Identifier mountaingoats2016-07-22.ca14.flac24 Lineage SDHC > Audacity > xACT > FLAC (8) Location Chicago, IL Source CA-14 Cards > CA-9100 Pre-amp > Edirol R-09HR 24-bit 48K > SDHC Taped by Brian Emerick Transferred by Brian Emerick Type sound Venue Subterranean Year 2016
AMD Radeon R7 260 announced, release date in January Written by Edward Chester Companies: #amd
AMD has unveiled the latest addition to its graphics card lineup in the shape of the AMD Radeon R7 260.
The new card is a mid-range model that slots in between the R7 260X and R7 250, with a price tag of $109.99. AMD is pitching it as a competitor to the Nvidia GeForce GTX 650/Ti.
With support for AMD's new graphics API, Mantle, the Bonaire Pro chip at the heart of the card contains 768 stream processors and runs at 1,000MHz. This compares to 896 stream processors running at 1,100MHz in the 260X.
The new card only ships with 1GB of RAM, which it communicates with via a 128-bit memory bus. AMD states the total compute performance as 1.54TFlops, compared to 1.97Tflops for the 260X.
"The AMD Radeon R7 260 graphics card boasts the signature features that set the Radeon brand apart from the competition," said Matt Skynner, corporate vice president and general manager, Graphics Business Unit, AMD.
"We're dedicated to delivering the best gaming processing technology and innovative gaming experiences through our line of acclaimed GPUs." they continued.
The new card will essentially replace the HD7770, with it priced around the same level but bringing GCN 1.1 support, better power management and TrueAudio into the mix. Consuming 95W, the R7 260 actually has a higher TDP than the 80W HD7770 but it should also bring a decent boost in performance. The card will require one 6-pin power cable to power it.
The AMD Radeon R7 260 will be available in mid January.
Don't blame developing economies for oil hikes
(Xinhua/China Daily)
Updated: 2008-06-09 09:32
The fluctuation of crude oil prices is closely related to the global financial market and the surge in oil prices should not only be ascribed to the rising energy demands of rapidly developing economies, a Chinese energy official has said.
A huge amount of oil trade is conducted in the financial market and oil prices are no longer up to the traditional marginal utility but have become a financial concept under the influence of many factors, said Zhang Guobao, vice-minister of the country's National Development and Reform Commission.
Zhang dismissed the idea that rising demands in developing countries such as China and India should be blamed for the surge of oil prices.
"This is an incomprehensive idea, because decisive factors for oil prices have run beyond the concept of supply and demand," Zhang said on Saturday in a speech at the energy ministers' meeting between India, China, the United States, Japan and South Korea.
They suggested that their counterparts put rising oil prices into the context of the global financial market, which could be affected by a wide range of factors such as the exchange rate fluctuations, geopolitics, political instabilities and natural disasters.
"All these may turn to be reasons for speculation ... and from this way of thinking, an answer to the current record-high oil price could be found," Zhang said.
Zhang and their counterparts agreed on Saturday to adopt comprehensive measures to deal with the current rocketing crude oil prices.
The measures include improving the investment environment, strengthening energy saving, expanding oil stockpiles for emergency use and developing alternative energy forms, according to a press conference following their one-day meeting.
In a speech in an afternoon session on energy security, Zhang said that to safeguard the global oil market and resolve the issue of surging and fluctuating oil prices, major countries have to boost investment in oil exploitation, preserve global political stability and minimize geopolitical impacts on oil markets.
At the joint press conference, Japanese Economy, Trade and Industry Minister Akira Amari said the current "abnormally high" oil price damages the interests of both the producing and the consuming nations.
US Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said the rise in the crude oil price, which doubled in the past 18 months, was an accumulated consequence, since the international community had not paid enough attention to the market in the past 30 years.
International Energy Agency Executive Director Nobuo Tanaka, who was invited to attend the meeting, stressed the need to keep transparent the oil market, calling for more reliable data and information for the construction of a healthier and better-balanced market.
The five-party energy ministers meeting, initiated by China, was the second of its kind following the first one in Beijing in December 2006.
There are times we are passed with a field of string type, but we wish it to be int. If we know json:",string" , then it should be a easy. Otherwise, it will take some serious time to do the conversion.
Rerference: http://attilaolah.eu/2014/09/10/json-and-struct-composition-in-go/
Ad-hoc ignore some field
type User struct { Email string `json:"email"` Password string `json:"password"` // many more fields… }
to ignore Password field
json . Marshal ( struct { * User Password bool `json:"password,omitempty"` }{ User : user , })
Ad-hoc add extra field
type User struct { Email string `json:"email"` Password string `json:"password"` // many more fields… }
Ignore the Password field and add new Token field
json . Marshal ( struct { * User Token string `json:"token"` Password bool `json:"password,omitempty"` }{ User : user , Token : token , })
Ad-hoc combine two structs
type BlogPost struct { URL string `json:"url"` Title string `json:"title"` } type Analytics struct { Visitors int `json:"visitors"` PageViews int `json:"page_views"` } json . Marshal ( struct { * BlogPost * Analytics }{ post , analytics })
Ad-hoc split one json into two
json . Unmarshal ([] byte ( `{ "url": " [email protected] ", "title": "Attila's Blog", "visitors": 6, "page_views": 14 }` ), & struct { * BlogPost * Analytics }{ & post , & analytics })
Ad-hoc rename field
type CacheItem struct { Key string `json:"key"` MaxAge int `json:"cacheAge"` Value Value `json:"cacheValue"` } json . Marshal ( struct { * CacheItem // Omit bad keys OmitMaxAge omit `json:"cacheAge,omitempty"` OmitValue omit `json:"cacheValue,omitempty"` // Add nice keys MaxAge int `json:"max_age"` Value * Value `json:"value"` }{ CacheItem : item , // Set the int by value: MaxAge : item . MaxAge , // Set the nested struct by reference, avoid making a copy: Value : & item . Value , })
Pass numbers as string
type TestObject struct { Field1 int `json:",string"` }
The corresponding json should be {"Field1": "100"}
For {"Field1": 100} , there will be error
String/number fuzzy conversion
If you are using jsoniter, enable fuzzy decoders can make life easier working with PHP.
import "github.com/json-iterator/go/extra" extra . RegisterFuzzyDecoders ()
Then, no matter the input is string or number, or the output is number or string, jsoniter will convert it for you. For example:
var val string jsoniter . UnmarshalFromString ( `100` , & val )
And
var val float32 jsoniter . UnmarshalFromString ( `"1.23"` , & val )
[] as object
Another heartbreaking “feature” of PHP is that, when array is empty, it is encoded as [] instead of {} .
If you are using jsoniter, enable fuzzy decoders will also fix this.
import "github.com/json-iterator/go/extra" extra . RegisterFuzzyDecoders ()
Then we can deal with []
var val map [ string ] interface {} jsoniter . UnmarshalFromString ( `[]` , & val )
Customize time.Time with MarshalJSON
The defeault implementation will encode time.Time as string. If we want to represent time in other format, we have to define a new type for time.Time, with MarshalJSON.
type timeImplementedMarshaler time . Time func ( obj timeImplementedMarshaler ) MarshalJSON () ([] byte , error ) { seconds := time . Time ( obj ) . Unix () return [] byte ( strconv . FormatInt ( seconds , 10 )), nil }
Marshal will invoke MarshalJSON on types defined them.
type TestObject struct { Field timeImplementedMarshaler } should := require . New ( t ) val := timeImplementedMarshaler ( time . Unix ( 123 , 0 )) obj := TestObject { val } bytes , err := jsoniter . Marshal ( obj ) should . Nil ( err ) should . Equal ( `{"Field":123}` , string ( bytes ))
Use RegisterTypeEncoder to customize time.Time
Unlike the standard library, jsoniter allow you to customize types defined by other guys. For example, we can use epoch int64 to encode a time.Time.
import "github.com/json-iterator/go/extra" extra . RegisterTimeAsInt64Codec ( time . Microsecond ) output , err := jsoniter . Marshal ( time . Unix ( 1 , 1002 )) should . Equal ( "1000001" , string ( output ))
If you want to do it yourself, reference RegisterTimeAsInt64Codec for more information.
Non string key map
Although JSON standard requires the key of map to be string, golang support more types as long as they defined MarshalText(). For example:
f , _ , _ := big . ParseFloat ( "1" , 10 , 64 , big . ToZero ) val := map [ * big . Float ] string { f : "2" } str , err := MarshalToString ( val ) should . Equal ( `{"1":"2"}` , str )
Given big.Float is a type with MarshalText()
Use json.RawMessage
Some part of JSON might be lacking a uniform schema, we can keep the original JSON as it is.
type TestObject struct { Field1 string Field2 json . RawMessage } var data TestObject json . Unmarshal ([] byte ( `{"field1": "hello", "field2": [1,2,3]}` ), & data ) should . Equal ( ` [1,2,3]` , string ( data . Field2 ))
Use json.Number
By default, number decoded into interface{} will be of type float64. If the input is large, the precision loss might be a problem. So we can UseNumber() to represent number as json.Number .
decoder1 := json . NewDecoder ( bytes . NewBufferString ( `123` )) decoder1 . UseNumber () var obj1 interface {} decoder1 . Decode ( & obj1 ) should . Equal ( json . Number ( "123" ), obj1 )
jsoniter support this usage. And it extended the support to Unmarshal as will.
json := Config { UseNumber : true } . Froze () var obj interface {} json . UnmarshalFromString ( "123" , & obj ) should . Equal ( json . Number ( "123" ), obj )
Field naming strategy
Most of the time, we want to different field names in JSON. We can use field tag:
output , err := jsoniter . Marshal ( struct { UserName string `json:"user_name"` FirstLanguage string `json:"first_language"` }{ UserName : "taowen" , FirstLanguage : "Chinese" , }) should . Equal ( `{"user_name":"taowen","first_language":"Chinese"}` , string ( output ))
However, it is tedious. If you are using jsoniter, we can change all fields in one line.
import "github.com/json-iterator/go/extra" extra . SetNamingStrategy ( LowerCaseWithUnderscores ) output , err := jsoniter . Marshal ( struct { UserName string FirstLanguage string }{ UserName : "taowen" , FirstLanguage : "Chinese" , }) should . Nil ( err ) should . Equal ( `{"user_name":"taowen","first_language":"Chinese"}` , string ( output ))
Private fields
The standard library requries all fields appear in JSON to be public. If you use jsoniter, SupportPrivateFields() will remove this restriction.
import "github.com/json-iterator/go/extra" extra . SupportPrivateFields () type TestObject struct { field1 string } obj := TestObject {} jsoniter . UnmarshalFromString ( `{"field1":"Hello"}` , & obj ) should . Equal ( "Hello" , obj . field1 )
京ICP备16068519号
Minnie Minoso, one of the best baseball players of the 1950s, was found dead in their car early Saturday morning in Chicago. Although there are disputes about their age, they were believed to be 90 years old.
We love you, our friend. pic.twitter.com/J7fY4pPGxP — Chicago White Sox (@whitesox) March 1, 2015
Minoso was a seven-time All-Star, earning the nickname "The Cuban Comet" for their speed. They led the league in stolen bases from 1951-53, and earned three Gold Gloves for their powerful arm from left field. They hit 135 home runs with the White Sox, a franchise record that would stand for almost 20 years. They routinely hit over .300.
But Minoso's importance wasn't limited to their on-field play: They were a black Hispanic star in a league that had resisted entry by both black and Hispanic players. They were the first black player on the White Sox, and one of the MLB's earliest Latin All-Stars. When they made their major league debut in 1949 with the Indians, they became the first black Cuban in the majors.
Minoso had their number 9 retired by the White Sox in 1983, and the team built a statue of them in 2004. They were up for the Hall of Fame on the Golden Era Committee ballot in 2011 and 2014, but they did not receive enough votes to make the Hall either time.
Minoso famously made several comebacks for publicity long after their career was over. While working as the White Sox's first base coach in 1976, showman owner Bill Veeck convinced them to play a few games at the age of 50, and they did. It wasn't that crazy -- a 46-year-old Minoso had won MVP of the Mexican League a few years earlier -- and Minoso got a hit, going 1-for-8 at their old age. The stunt was repeated in 1980, with Minoso going 0-for-2 at the age of 54. Veeck's son, Mike, got Minoso to appear in a minor league game for the independent St. Paul Saints in 1993 and 2003. Minoso is the only MLB player to appear in five decades, and including their minor league appearances, played in games in seven decades.
It's been a sad few months for Chicago baseball: Ernie Banks, "Mr. Cub," died in January. Now, Minoso who was often referred to as "Mr. White Sox," is gone as well.
Sox fan Barack Obama released a statement, taking a shot at the Hall of Fame for not letting them in:
For South Siders and Sox fans all across the country, including me, Minnie Minoso is and will always be "Mr. White Sox." ...
Minnie may have been passed over by the Baseball Hall of Fame during their lifetime, but for me and for generations of black and Latino young people, Minnie's quintessentially American story embodies far more than a plaque ever could.
The White Sox shared some of their favorite moments:
Minnie had the best reaction when their sculpture was unveiled in 2004. #MinnieMemories pic.twitter.com/fBGIZFOZoW — Chicago White Sox (@whitesox) March 1, 2015
The Bulls held a moment of silence before their game today:
babeobaggins:
You know what, I think the problem is people don't understand why mackelmore getting awards and recognition for being a rap artist is problematic.
Now, on it's own. It's not. It's just fine. But for mackelmore to get awarded over black artists and gay artists who have been doing it longer, if not twice as long as they have is where it becomes a problematic.
Mackelmore being deemed this righteous, conscious, gay ally is a problem because there are actual black gay rappers who will never get the attention they are getting for exploiting their culture as a white straight man and that's the problem. Mackelmore is getting rewarded for taking other peoples culture's, they are being hailed as the only conscious rapper as if Mos Def and Common were not rapping while they were still playing with toys. Rap is black culture, but no one likes when black people do it. That's too “hood”. So when Mackelmore popped up everyone was happy to welcome them with open arms even though there are so many black men and women who not only rap about real life but about political issues as well, but that doesn't matter because they are not white straight men. Mackelmore is not gay or black. So for them to be rewarded for things that black and gay people have been punished for is problematic. It is disgusting and unfair for someone who does not understand the struggles that come along with the cultures they try to market themselves with to be rewarded while the people who grow up with these cultures and deal with the struggles being gay and black bring are ignored and pushed aside because no one wants to listen to a sob story unless it has a white, straight, face and that is why it has to end.
The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- A group of environmentalists and B.C. First Nations opposed to Arctic oil exploration are protesting a multinational oil and gas company's movements through the West Coast's Inside Passage.
International environmental organization Greenpeace says Royal Dutch Shell is transporting its oil-spill-containment vessel, the Arctic Challenger, up B.C.'s coastline to the Aleutian Peninsula in Alaska.
Chief Calvin Craigan of the Sechelt First Nation says increased tanker traffic in the region could be disastrous and that Shell should be banned from the area.
The company's controversial ambitions to drill for oil in the Arctic Ocean have drawn widespread criticism.
Last week a pair of activists locked themselves to the Arctic Challenger's anchor chain in Washington state to delay the vessel's departure.
Earlier in the month hundreds of kayak activists swarmed a bay in Seattle, Wash., to protest Shell's plans.
Clemson's Undergraduate Student Government vice president claims that they are the victim of a “social lynching” following allegations that they snuck into women's rooms to watch them undress.
On October 3, FitsNews released a Clemson University incident report regarding Jaren Stewart's alleged conduct towards female residents while they served as a Resident Assistant (RA) in April. According to the incident report, “there were moments when RA Stewart would enter [the room] while the women were changing their clothes. When they asked them to leave, they would not remove themselves from the room.”
"What I'm calling this is, ‘social lynching.' It's a punishment outside of the law by an informal group."
The Tiger Town Observer, a conservative Clemson student newspaper, later corroborated the story, comparing the incident report to the Office of Community and Ethical Standards' standard incident form and reporting that an RA, who requested anonymity, confirmed that Stewart was fired as an RA and escorted from the residence hall.
[RELATED: USC student senator faces impeachment for being conservative]
Stewart came under fire for the allegations of severe misconduct, and faced articles of impeachment on Monday, October 9, during which meeting Stewart's supporters packed the room and even resorted to sitting on the floor across the Senate hall.
During the announcement period following legislative debate, Stewart addressed the body regarding the allegations against him, and the public outrage surrounding them, calling it a “social lynching” while displaying a photo of the 1930 lynching of Thomas Shipp and Abram Smith on the projector.
“What I'm calling this is, ‘social lynching.' It's a punishment outside of the law by an informal group,” they declared, saying that the conduct violation was “already adjudicated by OCES [Clemson's Office of Community and Ethical Standards].”
Stewart also called the public outrage surrounding the allegations against them a “public execution by a mob in order to punish an alleged transgressor,” as well as “an extreme form of informal group social control” and “a public spectacle in order to persecute.”
[RELATED: ‘Triggered' UCI students demand senator resign over joke]
Weeks earlier, Stewart, among other CUSG members, sat during the Pledge of Allegiance in protest President Donald Trump's tweets calling for NFL players to be fired if they take a knee during the national anthem.
Stewart contended during their speech that the recent articles detailing the allegations against them were a form of “character assassination” designed to “discredit” them in retaliation for partaking in the protest.
Stewart also noted that the last African-American CUSG president held the office in 1980, arguing that the release of the RA misconduct allegations were a racist effort to derail their plans to become the Clemson student body president.
“There are certain people who do not want to see that come to fruition,” Stewart proclaimed, later adding, “this isn't about conduct, this is about a stance I took from my platform.”
[RELATED: KU Senate declines to impeach execs who didn't ‘stand in solidarity']
After Stewart's presentation, CUSG Senator Miller Hoffman stood and moved for articles of impeachment against him.
Immediately, Senator Thomas Marshall raised an objection against the impeachment, stating, “I stand in support of Jaren Stewart, I just cannot. I'm sorry, Miller.”
According to the CUSG Senate's procedural rules of operation, an objection requires a 2/3 majority to be upheld, but Senate President Leland Dunwoodie required a 2/3 majority to defeat the objection, effectively reversing the rules.
Ultimately, Dunwoodie ruled that the impeachment failed to pass, with 35 votes against the objection and 26 in favor.
Campus Reform reached out to Dunwoodie, but did not receive a response in time for publication. However, Dr. Chris Miller, Clemson Dean of Students and the CUSG Adviser, explained that they had met with Dunwoodie, who told them that the rule violation was accidental.
Dunwoodie later admitted to The Tiger News that only a simple majority is needed to rescind the ruling.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @rMitchellGunter
Everett will use a $150,000 grant from the Massachusetts Gaming Commission to fund preliminary design and engineering costs of a second bus-only lane on Broadway. Everett received the funding because it is the host city for the future Wynn casino. As a pilot initiative, Everett and the Massachusetts Department of Transportation Early last December opened a bus-only lane along a stretch of the southbound side of upper Broadway, on weekdays from 4 a.m. to 9 a.m. Based on a survey in which many respondents said the bus-only lane had reduced their commuting time, the city extended the program indefinitely. The proposed bus-only lane would be on the southbound side of lower Broadway between Route 16 and the Boston city line, a primary corridor for expected casino traffic. The road would need to be widened to accommodate a bus-only lane, according to Jay Monty, the city's transportation planner. The lower Broadway lane would be in effect 24 hours a day.
Advertisement
John Laidler can be reached at john.laidler@globe.com
John David Washington, star of Ballers and son of top Hollywood numinous negro Denzel Washington, is set to appear as a police detective who infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan in the upcoming Spike Lee joint Black Klansman. “Lee will direct and produce the movie with Peele also producing via their banner Monkeypaw Productions, along with Sean McKittrick, Shaun Redick and Raymond Mansfield of QC Entertainment and Jason Blum of Blumhouse Productions,” The Hollywood Reporter reveals of this kosher funkfest. Literary soul brothers Charlie Wachtel and David Rabinowitz, meanwhile, are on board the production to scribble the script. THR enthuses that “the project sounds like it may be ripped from today's headlines” – you know, what with all the cross-burnings and lynchings of perfectly innocent African-American angels transpiring across the nation – and represents a “socially conscious project that couldn't be more timely, given the recent racial unrest in America.” Shhheeeeeiiiit.
Rainer Chlodwig von K.
Source: ‘Black Klansman' KKK Thriller in the Works From Spike Lee, Jordan Peele (Exclusive) | Hollywood Reporter
Advertisements
Image copyright AFP Image caption SABC's decision to ban footage of violent protests proved controversial
South Africa's public broadcaster has been ordered to reinstate four journalists sacked for speaking out against censorship at the corporation.
Labour Court Judge Andre van Niekerk said the dismissals were unlawful.
The journalists, fired earlier this month, had criticised the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) for banning footage of violent protests.
SABC argued it took the decision to maintain public order as the TV images might encourage others to join in.
Last week, South Africa's high court ordered SABC to lift the footage ban.
Judge Van Niekerk said the four journalists - Foeta Krige, Suna Venter, Krivani Pillay and Jacques Steenkamp - should be reinstated immediately and that all disciplinary measures against them dropped.
The trade union Solidarity, which represented the journalists at the employment tribunal, has welcomed the ruling.
The four are among eight journalists, known on Twitter as the #SABC8, who had challenged the broadcaster's controversial editorial decision.
Three other full-time employees and a freelance TV anchor are also fighting their dismissals.
Demonstrations against what some see as the poor delivery of public services are not uncommon in South Africa.
Critics had criticised the SABC's move, accusing it of political censorship ahead of crucial local government elections next week.
Hlaudi Motsoeneng, SABC chief operations officer, said the ban was in line with "nation building" and denied the public broadcaster was clamping on dissent, says the BBC's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg.
The SABC says its lawyers will study the labour court judgement in full before commenting.
The woman who streaked at last night's All Blacks test in Napier says it was on their bucket list and they have "no regrets".
Rose Kupa, 25, drew cheers from the crowd as they disrobed and sprinted across the pitch, apparently slapping Israel Dagg on the bum as they made their way before getting caught.
They were let off with a formal warning by police after the stunt, a decision met with hefty criticism and claims of sexism.
A man pleaded guilty to a charge of offensive behaviour and was fined $500 in July for streaking during an All Blacks test against England.
Police told ONE News they looked at the circumstances surrounding Ms Kupa's streak and decided not to lay charges, though they refused to say what those circumstances were.
Ms Kupa has been trespassed from future games, however.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says they are worried about the safety of the players and unhappy they made it on to the pitch..
"The question is how do they get on?" Hansen said after the game.
"There's enough people in red jackets [security] so you'd think they'd be able to stop them. They do really good tackles at the end of it so they probably should do some before they get on. That'd be handy.
"You get lunatics that want to run onto the field and disrupt the game in whatever sport it is, they're just a pain in the backside, excuse the pun."
Red Badge security refused interviews today, but Ms Kupa says they simply found the area with the least security guards.
"The security guards were pretty watchful, so I had to find a distracting moment and a mexican wave provided a good opportunity," they said.
All Blacks captain Richie McCaw says they aren't worried about their safety, but they didn't appreciate the disruption to the game.
Characters in the Star Trek universe often claim that their future Earth has abolished money. Everyone gets what they need and nobody works for money.
Unfortunately, they never explain how it may work. Clearly, not everyone can afford to own a starship.
A more reasonable scenario is that everyone is provided a basic income. This income is probably sufficiently large that nobody has ever to worry about poverty.
Many people in Switzerland think that this is a good idea. Though it sounds outrageously expensive at first, one should realize that a basic income for all makes many government programs obsolete: family allowances, welfare, unemployment benefits, housing subsidies, pensions, minimum wage, student help and so on. Many economists tell us that we can indeed afford it.
Moreover, a basic income for all has several major benefits:
A 43-year-old mathematics teacher was sent to judicial custody on Sunday for raping their 19-year-old daughter for the last six years. The victim shot a video on their mobile phone which exposed the alleged incident at their residence in a locality under Kavi Nagar police station area in Ghaziabad.
The 15-minute video shows the woman being raped by their father, who also operates a school in Ghaziabad. The man was arrested and produced before a court on Sunday.
“The young woman repeatedly suffered the assault by their own father for the past six years. They could not garner support from their mother as they were unable to stand up against their husband. The incidents took place when they were a minor, so we have booked the accused of rape and also under the provisions of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act,” said Hemant Rai, station house officer, Kavi Nagar.
Before taking the step to stand up against the repeated assault by their father, the woman, who is a first-year graduation student, spoke about their ordeal with their friend. Later, their friend approached their own mother and the two further approached the mother of the victim.
“They counselled the victim's mother to report the matter to police. Them mother knew about the incidents but kept quiet as they feared the social stigma the family will have to face later. In the meantime, the victim placed their mobile in their room and turned the video on when their mother was not present. The video clearly captured the assault by their father who is also seen threatening them and later forcing themselves on them The video is a vital piece of evidence and will be a part of investigation,” Rai added.
The victim's mother took the woman to Kavi Nagar police station on Sunday and lodged a formal complaint against their husband.
The police have also levied section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) of IPC as the accused also beat the victim often. They had also threatened their wife time and again about not reporting the matter to anyone.
First Published: May 14, 2017 23:40 IST
The surface-to-ship missile was fired into the Yellow Sea on September 27 and travelled an estimated 50-55 miles, South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted a Seoul government source as saying.
"The test-firing could be a part of the North's routine efforts to improve their capabilities and range, but there was an assessment that it could be a reaction to our government's movement," the source was quoted as saying.
On September 26 Lee and their top security officials urged North Korea to halt any attempt to sway South Korea's presidential election in December. They reiterated their vow strongly to punish the North for any provocations.
The North frequently conducts such short-range tests but their timing sometimes coincides with periods of tension.
The South's navy fired warning shots on September 21 to turn back North Korean fishing vessels that crossed the disputed Yellow Sea border, one of a series of such incursions.
Pyongyang denounced the "shooting rampage" and threatened to respond with a "powerful strike of the (North's) front units which know of no limit."
South Koreans go to the polls on December 19, and there are fears Pyongyang may be looking to instigate a clash that would overshadow the election process.
Source: AFP
The easy oil is gone. The oil that remains is hard and getting exponentially harder to find and extract, and to make a profit doing so. Each year it takes more energy to produce the same amount of energy meaning each year there is less energy left over for society. This is why people who think we have an energy glut are wrong.
Think of a coyote forced, because rabbits are becoming faster, to burn 2 rabbits worth of energy to catch 1 rabbit. Even though there are plenty of rabbits, the coyote is in serious trouble. The coyote could switch their diet to mice (solar & wind energy) but then he'd have to burn 3 mice of energy to catch 1 mouse. The coyote is able to lead a fairly normal life for a while because they burn fat (debt) that they built up in previous good years. The coyote knows it could make do with less food if it quit fighting, played slower games, and had fewer pups, but prefers not to change its lifestyle. Over time, the coyote becomes weak and sick, and then decides to change, but they no longer has the strength to catch any food.
This analysis by Louis Arnoux predicts we have between 6 and 13 years before society is out of gas.
This means that some time between 2022 and 2030, your gas stations and airports will be closed, and the global economy will be on its way to a complete collapse.
I've been following this issue for years and I think their prediction is in the ballpark.
I should point out that this oil centric perspective does not consider the current debt/growth instabilities of the economy. People studying that piece predict an economic collapse sooner than 2022. Nor a climate change centric view which suggests we have at best until the end of this century.
Let that sink in for a moment and then you might begin to understand why I am so fascinated by our inherited denial of reality. This information is available for anyone that cares to look, including the news media. No one looks.
Arnoux concludes the interview by pitching an alternate energy product idea they are trying to raise funds to develop. No information is disclosed on the technology but I did some searching to get the gist of it. It's an interesting idea but has 0% chance of heading off the problem their research on oil depletion predicts.
Their behavior is consistent with other researchers working on collapse related topics. For example, almost every climate scientist has a favorite scheme they think will save us whether it's BECCS, or geoengineering, or nuclear energy. Most people would be unable to function in these roles unless they had some hope for the future. That's our inherited optimism bias, the inverse twin of denial, at work.
Here is an audio interview with the author.
Here is the paper behind the interview:
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Hat tip to Alice Friedemann.
'We are waiting on the Senate,' Speaker John Boehner told lawmakers. Behind Boehner's fiscal cliff strategy
House Speaker John Boehner told House Republicans that he's “not interested” in passing a fiscal cliff deal with “mostly Democrat votes,” their most direct comments about how he'll manage the remaining negotiations over tax increases and spending cuts.
Boehner's comment is significant because it means they are going to push for an agreement that most of the 241 House Republican could support. Just a week ago, rank-and-file Republicans rejected a Boehner-authored proposal that would have extended tax breaks on income of less than $1 million — a number far higher than what they would get under plans offered by President Barack Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.).
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Fiscal cliff's key players)
On Thursday's conference call, which almost all House Republicans dialed in to, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) told lawmakers to “plan on being in town through the following week to conduct the business at hand,” according to a source. Sunday is Dec. 30, one day before the nation reaches the fiscal cliff.
House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) wished lawmakers “‘Merry Christmas,' and we'll look forward to spending New Year's [Day] together.”
The details of the Republican conference call were described by several sources to POLITICO.
Boehner's message to House Republicans was the same as what he's saying privately to other party leaders. Boehner said the nation is “on the edge of the fiscal cliff” and added that the Senate hasn't given the House a reason to return.
“We are waiting on the Senate,” the Ohio Republican told lawmakers.
They added that the Senate needs to pass bills and then “the House will then consider whether to accept the bills as amended, or to send them back to the Senate with additional amendments. The House will take this action on whatever the Senate can pass — but the Senate must act.”
But the Ohio Republican also offered some new details to their Republican colleagues.
Rep. Tim Griffin (R-Ark.) asked about the debt limit and what leverage that gives House Republicans. Boehner said they still see February and March as the true deadline.
The optics of not being in Washington are still of concern to House Republicans. Members were worried about being hammered in the press for not being in Washington. The Senate is in town at least Thursday and Friday, and Obama returned from Hawaii to deal with the fiscal cliff.
Several lawmakers complimented Boehner for their work on the cliff. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) praised House leaders for their joint statement this week that the Senate hasn't acted. They said that Reid going to the floor “name callin' shows that he's desperate,” sources said.
Boehner's move on bringing the House back into session on Sunday — the first time members have been together since the speaker's “Plan B” gamble failed last week — is an attempt to protect Republicans from getting blamed if the country goes over the fiscal cliff, which looks more likely by the hour.
( Also on POLITICO: House will return as cliff anxiety grips Washington)
“The House has acted on two bills that collectively would avert the entire fiscal cliff. We passed H.R. 8 at the beginning of August to stop all of the tax rate increases that are set to occur on Jan. 1 under current law. And we've passed legislation to replace the entire sequester with responsible spending cuts,” Boehner said during the call, according to a source who took part in the discussions.
There have been continued staff-level discussions on Thursday, but neither side has put any new offer on the table in order to break the deadlock.
Liam Neeson has admitted that they still expect their late wife Natasha Richardson to walk through the door, five years after their death from a skiing accident.
The actor spoke of their grief as they disclosed the couple had made a pact to “pull the plug” if either ended up in a vegetative state.
In March 2009, Neeson was forced to make that decision and switch off the life support for Richardson, 45, their wife of 14 years.
“It was never real. It still kind of isn't,” they said. “There are periods now in our New York residence when I hear the door opening, especially the first couple of years… any time I hear that door opening, I still think I'm going to hear her.”
Richardson, the daughter of actors Vanessa Redgrave and Tony Richardson, took a seemingly minor tumble during a skiing lesson in the Canadian resort of Mont Tremblant. However, once back at their hotel they began complaining of headaches and their condition deteriorated rapidly.
Neeson had been filming in Montreal and rushed to see their wife in hospital, where they were given the devastating news that they were brain dead and on life support.
“I just told them I loved them and said, ‘Sweetie, you're not coming back from this. You've banged your head. I don't know if you can hear me, but this is what's gone down. And we're bringing you back to New York and your family and friends will come.' And that was more or less it,” they told the US programme 60 Minutes.
Asked if all hope was gone, they explained: “She and I had made a pact that if any of us got into a vegetative state we would pull the plug, you know.
“So when I saw them and saw all these tubes and stuff… that was my immediate thought – okay, these tubes have to go. She's gone.”
Richardson was flown to a hospital in New York on March 17 and was pronounced dead the following day. The couple had two teenage sons.
In the interview, Neeson said they were proud that their wife was an organ donor, and that their heart, kidneys and liver were transplanted.
“She donated three of their organs, so she's keeping three people alive. It's terrific and I think they would be very thrilled and please with that,” they said.
Five years on, Neeson said they can still be poleaxed by grief. “It hits you. It's like a wave. You just get this profound feeling of instability... the Earth isn't stable anymore and then it passes and it becomes more infrequent, but I still get it sometimes.”
The Irish actor threw themselves into work following Richardson's death and has become an unlikely action hero in box office hits such as Taken. In their latest film, Non-Stop, they play an air marshal facing a terrorist threat on a transatlantic flight.
Neeson said they were amused to be filming fight scenes at their time of life. “I'm 61 years of age, man, you know? Going around, fighting these guys - yeah, I feel a wee bit embarrassed.”
READ: Liam Neeson's skull-cracking second coming
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager in April - their only job since leaving Cardiff in 2013
Former Cardiff City boss Malky Mackay and head of recruitment Iain Moody will face no action over allegations they shared racist and sexist texts.
The Football Association said it had carried out a "thorough" investigation into the language used in the messages.
It found "the communications were sent with a legitimate expectation of privacy".
But both men have been spoken to "about the inappropriateness of terms used in the messages".
Iain Moody (left) was suspended by Cardiff in October 2013 and later resigned as Crystal Palace's sporting director
The FA added in a statement: "To date, the FA's policy in cases such as this has been to not bring charges in respect of private communications sent with a legitimate expectation of privacy."
In the 11-month investigation, 27 witnesses were spoken to by the FA, which said the process was delayed by "serious concerns" over "the circumstances in which particular evidence provided to the FA had been given".
"The nature of these concerns, which the FA treats with the utmost seriousness, has necessitated significant further inquiries by the FA and the liaison with external law enforcement agencies," it said.
The board of Cardiff City will discuss the FA ruling at a scheduled meeting on Friday.
A senior club official told BBC Wales: "We will not make a statement until we have considered the matter fully."
However, chairperson Mehmet Dalman said the decision was a "massive setback for football in Britain in this day and age".
Dalman told Sky Sports: "We did not ask for a life ban or anything like that, but they (Football Association) should have made it clear what they did was wrong."
Anti-discrimination group Kick It Out was critical of the decision, as was Women in Football and the Jewish Leadership Council.
Kick It Out chairperson Lord Ouseley told BBC Radio 5 live: "The issue here is not now about Malky Mackay and Iain Moody, it's about the principle of where does the FA stand on these issues, along with the rest involved in football?
"There is no standard when it comes to flushing out discrimination at the top end in football."
The background
Mackay, 43, was sacked as Bluebirds boss in December 2013 when they were just outside the Premier League relegation zone.
The following August, Cardiff alleged Mackay sent "sexist, racist and homophobic" text messages during their time as their manager. Similar claims were also made against Moody, who had been dismissed by the club for an alleged £15m transfer overspend, which they denied.
Moody left their post as Crystal Palace sporting director shortly after the allegations were made.
Mackay admitted sending offensive messages and apologised, adding they were not racist, sexist, homophobic or anti-Semitic.
They were appointed Wigan Athletic manager in November 2014, despite the club being urged to reconsider by campaigners who cited the FA investigation into the text messages.
Mackay was sacked by Wigan in April following a string of poor results. Just a month earlier, Cardiff said they had submitted more evidence to the FA related to the text inquiry.
A precedent?
The FA's ruling comes after Blackpool chairperson Karl Oyston was given a six-week ban from all football activity and fined £40,000 for a text-message exchange with a fan.
Oyston, though, admitted a misconduct charge after referring to a supporter as "a retard".
The FA said it was "determined to eliminate discriminatory conduct in all its forms" and will now look to introduce a policy governing behaviour in private.
It added: "The FA is in the process of carrying out a complex review involving all stakeholders on how communications, and in particular those involving discriminatory language, which may be viewed as taking place in private should be treated in the future."
Dave Whelan was fined and banned in December for making racist statements about Chinese and Jewish people
'The FA has damaged its credibility'
Kick It Out said the FA's promise to review its policy was "lamentably late in the day".
The organisation added in a statement: "The FA has damaged its own credibility and anti-discrimination policies by taking the decision not to charge Malky Mackay and Iain Moody.
"The FA needed to take a strong position to help prove football's 'zero-tolerance' approach towards discriminatory practices. Instead, we have another example of the status quo being reinforced, and discriminatory practices being allowed to flourish in 'no-go' areas such as within the exclusivity of boardrooms, training grounds and dressing rooms, and via private communication networks.
"How can anybody truly challenge discrimination and prejudiced attitudes in football with confidence now? The apparent reluctance to punish comments and behaviour considered as 'banter' or 'light-hearted culture' within these settings is entirely damaging."
Simon Johnson, chief executive of the Jewish Leadership Council, said the decision "seems at odds" with FA action over former Wigan chairperson Dave Whelan's racist comments - made in defence Mackay's appointment as Wigan manager - and Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli who posted an offensive picture on Instagram.
A woman in Football (Wif) statement also called for the FA to "bring it policies into line with other sectors". It said: "Wif believe that privately discriminating against those with protected characteristics is no less dangerous than publicly doing so."
At the beginning of each round, one card is drawn from the deck, and each player chooses one card from their hand. They are shuffled a bit, and then placed face up on the table. These cards are the various table features you can aim for this turn. These run the gamut from flippers and rollovers to special bash toys and drop targets. Each card shows several elements such as how many points it is worth, how fast you must be going to activate the card, how it affects your speed, and any bonuses.
Starting with the 1st player, each player in turn gets to take several actions. Players can raise their speed (at the price of a permanent loss of control tokens), pull a card from the discard pile (at the cost of 2 control tokens), and they can bid on which table feature they will aim for this turn. These are once around auctions, so if you get outbid, you get your tokens back. You may then freely change some of them to speed if you wish. After each player has done these actions, cards are awarded to those that won them (any control tokens spent are lost). Then, the players that didn't get any cards may choose any of the remaining cards for free.
After collecting cards, players then look at the Bonus Combo cards. These are specific pairs of features that score players extra points. If one of these cards is collected, then Wizard Mode turns on, and all cards scored the next turn are doubled!
As cards are taken, players adjust their speed based on clear icons shown on the cards. If for some reason, a player's speed drops to 0, that ball drains. If that happens in the first 5 turns…that player gets to reset to 5 speed, and the game continues. If it happens after turn 6, the game ends immediately as Multiball ends once a ball drains. Either way, the game will last a maximum of 10 rounds. Whoever has the most points at the end of the game wins.
Big Measles Outbreaks Worry Federal Health Officials
toggle caption LM Otero/AP
Federal health officials are worried about an unusually high number of measles cases occurring in the United States this year.
There have been at least eight outbreaks so far this year involving 159 cases, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Thursday in its Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.
About 60 people get measles in the United States each year on average, the CDC says. Since measles stopped circulating in this country in 2000, the highest number of cases occurred in 2008, when 140 Americans got measles, and 2011, when 220 cases were reported.
The CDC is worried because measles is highly contagious and can be life-threatening. So far no one has died from the measles this year, but 17 people were hospitalized, according to the CDC.
"The increase in measles cases in the United States in 2013 serves as a reminder that imported measles cases can result in large outbreaks, particularly if introduced into areas with pockets of unvaccinated persons," researchers wrote.
All of the outbreaks were sparked by someone who was infected in another country, usually somewhere in Europe, brought the virus to the United States and exposed people who hadn't been vaccinated.
"In some communities, people have been rejecting opportunities to be vaccinated," Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, told reporters during a briefing.
"With measles, things can change very quickly," Schuchat said. "We need to stay ahead of this virus."
The largest outbreak, which involved at least 58 people, occurred in March among Orthodox Jews in Brooklyn, N.Y., after an unvaccinated teenager infected with measles returned from visiting Britain. That was the largest measles outbreak in the United States since 1996.
The second-largest outbreak, which involved at least 23 cases, occurred in April in North Carolina, mostly among people who had not been vaccinated because of religious objections, the CDC said. That apparently started after someone returned from a three-month visit to India.
Overall, 18 of the cases that have occurred so far this year were among children younger than a year old, while 40 people were between the ages of 1 and 4, 58 were among those ages 5 to 19, and 43 were 20 or older, according to the CDC.
The setup was too perfect.
A new video purported to show a dark-skinned man from a liberal political group illegally stuffing an Arizona ballot box with hundreds of votes. It's no surprise that the video is going viral in the conservative blogosphere. This is precisely the kind of egregious voter fraud that many conservatives have warned about in their campaigns for voter ID laws around the country.
The man dropping off the ballots is Latino, fitting perfectly into the theories about voter fraud enabling liberal electoral victories. Vitriol immediately began pouring into the comment sections of blogs like Glenn Beck's enormously popular website The Blaze, calling the man an illegal immigrant, a wetback, and worse. The Blaze's headline was cagey, stopping short of outright accussing anyone of a crime but promising clickbait-worthy “stunning” acts.
“Looks like a Mexican man to me,” one commenter wrote on another right-wing blog. “Obama's plan is working.”
The problem is that the entire premise is wrong. The man is wearing a shirt that says “Citizens for a Better Arizona,” a liberal political group that asks voters to fill out absentee ballots and then delivers them to the polling station. In short, they help extend electoral participation to voters—particularly Latinos—who can't make it to the polls on election day.
If they were a ballot-box stuffing political operative, the man in the video would probably have put more effort into their disguise. And, despite calls to arrest the man, he's not hiding their identity either: Ben Marine, who was employed with the CBA for at least two years, is registered and familiar with Arizona courts in order to handle the ballots.
In fact, the story being told on conservative blogs is false, nothing here is illegal, this isn't voter fraud, and the man is merely delivering absentee ballots to a polling station. That explains why they walk through the front door and doesn't hide in the least bit what he's up to.
The video, which has been viewed about 100,000 times and shared widely on popular blogs, is the latest false rallying cry for conservatives who claim that voter fraud is a massive problem in the United States.
The massive-voter-fraud conspiracy theories that fueled the reaction to this video have been repeatedly refuted: An analysis by News21, a journalism project at Arizona State University, found 28 cases of voter fraud convictions since 2000. A Washington Post article found about 31 incidents nationwide in the past 14 years out of more than 1 billion ballots cast.
None of this has stopped the video from making waves. The CBA's Facebook page has been inundated with calls for criminal prosecution and the comment sections on conservative blogs are positively rabid. The YouTube video's comments feature violent threats against Marine as well.
We haven't been able to directly contact Dan Marine, but Randy Parraz, president emeritus of the CBA, called the video and the accompanying blog posts “a right-wing hit piece.”
Despite tens of thousands of shares across social networks, none of the conservative bloggers reached out to the CBA to ask for their side of the story. The video and story were delivered to the press by A.J. LaFaro, the chairperson of the Maricopa County Republican Party, a noted rival of the CBA. Somehow, no conservative bloggers thought it was worth their time to check the story with the other side.
A local Fox station reached out to CBA but killed the segment when they realized nothing illegal was going on.
It's true: Nothing illegal is happening, so the TV ratings for Fox might not have shot through the roof. However, the groundswell of racist, hyperpartisan vitriol bubbling up to the surface as a result of this video deserves to be addressed.
Parraz says the CBA at times delivers over a thousand ballots at a time, making the 100 or so being delivered here look like a pittance.
“Until the law is changed, we will continue to do it,” Parraz told the Daily Dot. “Especially for Latinos who believe their vote doesn't count.”
Photo via Col Ford/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Did you know that the ending we saw in Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra Terrestrial wasn't the original ending of the movie? There was another ending that was shot that ended up on the cutting room floor.
I remember hearing something about this years ago, but thanks to an interview with Robert MacNaughton, who played Elliot's brother Michael, we have some new details on this scene. E.T. is turning 35 freakin' years old this year! Seeing this film is the earliest memory I have of going to the movies and it is so cool and fun to learn new things about it all these years later.
While talking to Yahoo Movies about the film, MacNaughton explained that the original ending involved a game of Dungeons & Dragons:
"The last scene in the movie wasn't supposed to be the scene that ends up in the movie. The last scene was going to be all of us playing Dungeons and Dragons again, except this time, Elliott's the dungeon master. Because they were the one that found ET, they sort of got in with the group. And so that was supposed to be the final scene, it was in the script and everything, and then they would pan up to the roof and you'd see the communicator and it's still working --- in other words, Elliott is still in touch with E.T.. But after they did the score, the music, and they saw what they had with the spaceship taking off and everything [laughs] --- how can you follow that? I mean, it was a wise choice."
I actually found the deleted ending on YouTube which you can watch below. After watching it, it makes complete sense as to why the scene was cut. The ending they used was just so epic and so emotional that cutting to a scene like this wouldn't really work. It would just take away from that emotional high.
In case you didn't know, Dungeons & Dragons was actually an integral part of the audition process. MacNaughton says that they played D&D at Harrison Ford's house while auditioning for the film. I'd love to play D&D at Harrison Ford's house!
OTTAWA — Conservative MPs pledged publicly Sunday not to let the upcoming prorogation of the House of Commons put an end to all-party efforts to reform the ongoing expense account abuses of Parliament.
The public commitment came after a Tory-chaired Commons committee opened up what was supposed to be an unusual closed-door meeting that was to study the need to shine a greater public light on the expenses of MPs and senators.
It also came after MPs from all parties said they got a blast on the summer barbecue circuit from voters in their ridings over the spending shenanigans of senators such as Mike Duffy and Pamela Wallin. The Senate expense scandal has highlighted the need for greater transparency around the reporting of all politicians' expenses.
MPs from the Conservatives, NDP and Liberals were called back briefly to Parliament Hill on Sunday from their summer recess for what was supposed to be an in-camera meeting of the Commons Procedure and House Affairs Committee.
But a motion by the NDP to open up the session was unanimously approved by the committee.
And after about an hour of cordial procedural discussion, Conservative, NDP and Liberals on the committee agreed unanimously on another key point — that the government House leader should seek unanimous consent from all MPs to continue their work once the Commons reconvenes later this fall after prorogation.
That was significant because once Prime Minister Stephen Harper prorogues Parliament until sometime next month — the Commons was due to return next week — all government business, including the committee's study, would have been quashed.
The committee's vote Sunday doesn't change that rule, but it does publicly commit the Tories to hitting the reset button as quickly as possible on their work.
Moreover, Conservative committee chair Joe Preston said the committee's non-political clerks and other staffers would continue planning and research work on their upcoming hearings into the topic.
The committee committed to tabling a report by Dec. 2.
The reason for the sudden display of unanimity was made clear by MPs from all parties as they entered the meeting room — they all got an earful from angry constituents over the summer over the Senate expense scandal.
“Obviously, with recent events in the Senate this public is, I think, rightfully so clamouring for more transparency and accountability. They want to make sure that their taxpayers' dollars are being spent wisely and not abused,” said Tom Lukiwski, a Conservative committee member.
“They've seen what appears to be some pretty flagrant abuses in the Senate with tax dollars and I think the public is rightfully outraged.”
NDP and Liberal committee members concurred.
“Of course the public is outraged by the Duffy and Wallin affairs and all the scandals that have been happening to senators and some MPs as well,” said New Democrat MP Nathan Cullen.
“If you allow the prime minister to change the channel, he'll just slip under the rug on this one.”
An NDP motion that won unanimous approval in the dying hours of the last Parliament in June called for a committee process to examine transparency reforms, including MP expenses.
As they entered the meeting room, Cullen said they would call for the meeting to be opened so the debate could take place “in the full light of the public.”
Moments after they spoke to reporters, the doors of the meeting room were thrown open.
Lukiwski said after the committee had adjourned that members voted unanimously to support Cullen's motion.
The sudden show of openness should not have been surprising given that the Conservatives have been dogged by the issue all summer.
Serious expense problems of three one-time Conservative senators — Duffy, Wallin and Patrick Brazeau — appointed by Harper and one former Liberal, Mac Harb, have dominated federal politics in Ottawa.
“You'd have to be deaf not to hear the response that we're getting from our constituents,” said Liberal committee member Kevin Lamoureux.
But Lamoureux said they were disappointed by Sunday's outcome. They said the time to study the matter had long past, and that their party is taking concrete steps towards transparency in the immediate future.
They said that Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau would reveal the details next week of their promise that all of their MPs will post all their expenses in the same way cabinet ministers have since 2005.
AN INDEPENDENT carbon bank, similar to the Reserve Bank, should be set up to oversee a carbon price and investment in clean technology, the peak renewable energy lobby says.
The Clean Energy Council will today release a discussion paper proposing the carbon bank, which it says could be allowed to borrow money to invest in renewable energy projects against the future revenue of Labor's proposed carbon tax and emissions trading scheme.
The Gillard government's chief climate change adviser, professor Ross Garnaut, who previously proposed an independent body to oversee an emissions trading scheme. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
Like the Reserve Bank, a carbon bank would have the advantage of distancing efforts to tackle climate change from daily political pressures, the council says.
''Like interest rates, managing short-term political pressures may not always be consistent with the long-term goal of the lowest cost transition to a decarbonised economy,'' the paper says.
Linda Sarsour Calls Trump Admin Officials Anti-Semites After They Send Out Anti-Semitic Tweets
Linda Sarsour Has A Long History Of Antisemitism
Linda Sarsour made national headlines when they led the Women's March in Washington D.C. in January. The Gateway Pundit reported after the march that Sarsour has ties to the HAMAS terrorist organization and holds pro-Sharia views which are anti-women. Sarsour has a long history as a propagandist with one of their most outrageous moments coming on MSNBC in 2015 where they falsely claimed that Muslim children are being executed in the United States.
Islamic Propagandist Linda Sarsour joined MSNBC on Wednesday to discuss their support in helping repair the Jewish cemetery that was vandalized last week. They quickly took the opportunity to smear the Trump administration with outright false accusations of antisemitism.
Partial Transcript:
“I don't know where to start. From Steve Bannon, who is an outright white nationalist, white supremacist, an anti-Semite, Thank God we got rid of Gen. Michael Flynn, who is a very well-known Islamophobe. Mike Pompeo at the CIA. It really varies from agency to agency… Wherever we look we find people who are antithetical to everything that we, or at least I, stand for.”
Video: Sarsour Attacks Trump Admin Officials
These claims are comical coming from Sarsour. Below are tweets that they have sent out that show their true colors as an anti-Semite.
Anti-Semitic Tweets
Netanyahu is a waste of a human being. — Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) October 22, 2015
Nothing is creepier than Zionism.Challenge racism, #NormalizeJustice. Check out this video by @remroum http://t.co/q282BYT8 — Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) October 31, 2012
Israel withdrawing from UN – does this mean UN can live up to its mission & not worry about being dragged down to level of the occupier? — Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) December 26, 2016
The Zionist trolls are out to play. Bring it. You will never silence me. — Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) October 12, 2015
Follow Ryan Saavedra On Twitter @NewsRevoltRyan
Amsterdam has long been famed for its relaxed approach to prostitution and soft drugs, making the Dutch city one of the most popular destinations for tens of thousands of Britons on stag and hen parties.
But all that may be about to change. As part of a major 'clean-up' of the city centre, the local authorities yesterday unveiled plans to close half of the brothels and the little coffee shops where cannabis can be bought and smoked, prompting warnings that they will cost the city dear as visitors head elsewhere.
Although prostitution has been legal for eight years, and possession of small amounts of drugs has long been tolerated, the latest moves mark an escalation in the culture wars in a country that many of its people believe has become too liberal.
At the heart of the new initiative is the city's drive against the organised crime that it claims gravitates to the areas with high concentrations of 'coffee shops', brothels and the 'windows' where women advertise themselves.
While Amsterdam has long been held up as a model of the argument in favour of the legalisation of soft drugs and the sex trade, its critics counter that the windows and coffee shops mask the violent reality of organised crime. 'By reduction and zoning of these kinds of functions, we will be able to manage and tackle the criminal infrastructure better,' the city said in a statement.
Opponents of the clean-up - including coffee-shop owners and the prostitutes' union, De Rode Draad (Red Thread), which represents 20,000 Dutch prostitutes - told The Observer yesterday that they believed that, far from reducing crime, it would encourage drug dealers and prostitutes to go underground in areas where they were banned.
They also warned that the new clampdown on drugs and the sex industry would have a profound effect on the economics of a city famous for both things. 'Amsterdam is the city of sex and drugs and rock 'n' roll,' said Metje Blaak, a spokesperson for De Rode Draad, which provides health screening and other training for its members.
'Now we have no sex. No drugs. The women will go on the streets and to the hotels. It is very bad, not least in terms of women's health and safety. The mayor has not listened to the women or the coffee shops,' they added.
They also blamed the European Union for pressurising Holland into tightening its laws. 'Once we were a free country,' they said. 'Now they tell us what to do.'
Prostitution will now be permitted in only two areas, including De Wallen (The Walls) - a web of streets and alleys around the city's medieval retaining dam walls. The area has been a centre of prostitution since before the city's golden shipping age in the 17th century.
The city said yesterday it would offer retraining to prostitutes and coffee-shop employees who lost their jobs.
'Money laundering, extortion and human trafficking are things you do not see, but they are hurting people and the city. The new reality will be more in line with our image as a tolerant and crazy place, rather than a free zone for criminals,' said Alderman Lodewijk Asscher, one of the main proponents of the plan. 'We can still have sex and drugs, but in a way that shows the city is in control.
'It'll be a place with 200 windows and 30 coffee shops, which you can't find anywhere else in the world - very exciting, but also with cultural attractions. You won't have to be embarrassed to say you came,' they said.
Merlijn Boshuizen of Plan A, one of the biggest organisers of stag and hen trips to the city, is not convinced. 'We have had 7,000 people, mainly from the UK and Ireland, this year. This is won't be good for tourism. People come here because of the drugs and the windows.'
The coffee-shop owners and workers are as sceptical of the new clampdown as De Rode Draad and Boshuizen. Although cannabis is technically illegal in the Netherlands, prosecutors do not press charges for possession of small amounts and the coffee shops are able to sell it openly. However, in the last year, authorities in Amsterdam and elsewhere have subjected the coffee shops to ever-more stringent checks.
'Marco', owner of the Rastababy Café in Prins Hendrikkade, near the city's Centraal Station, said yesterday: 'It is really shitty. We want to make money and they want to close us down. The city will lose money. People come here for the coffee shops. To smoke.'
The same dismay was evident at the Reefer Café in St Antoniesbreestraat, not far from the Rembrandt Museum, where patrons can buy a pre-rolled 'White Widow' spliff for €3, or a muffin laced with skunk resin.
• Additional reporting by Mimis Chrysomallis in Amsterdam.
I'm making some progress, I think. Shakiness slowly goes away, proportions slowly start to make sense.I'm also pretty happy with the speed I'm able to draw. I'm not breaking any records, but making this in just a couple of hours feels pretty nice, some of my "bigger" drawings back in a day used to take from several days up to a week. I wonder if I'll be able to keep the speed while getting back to my usual complexity. We'll see.Also it seems like I never ever drew any of CMCs, which was surprising for me to realise. I haven't been a CMC fan back in 2013, so that's probably why. Now I adore them, so it was fun to finally draw them (Sweetie Belle is the best CMC, forever).And here are some tunes :3
Illustration by Lia Kantrowitz
Leonora Carrington (1917–2011) was well-known as an accomplished painter and a key member of the Surrealist movement. Less known, however, is their writing, which is remarkable in its own right. This month's publication of two books—The Complete Stories of Leonora Carrington by Dorothy, a Publishing Project, and Down Below, a memoir about their descent and return from madness to be published by New York Review Books—seeks to change that.
In the world of Carrington's fiction, hyenas can attend balls; maids and queens alike may be offed at a moment's notice; and a gentleman asking to cure of an annoying fly may end up with navy blue skin, red zippers over their orifices. Observed critic Marina Warner: "Carrington achieves a rare tone, at once naive and perverse, comic and lethal." If you're looking for the missing link between Daniil Kharms and, say, Diane Williams (or Rebecca Curtis's weirder works), I encourage you to check out these two stories, excerpted from The Complete Stories.
—James Yeh, culture editor
Leonora Carrington in 1945. Photo by Emerico "Chiki" Weisz/courtesy of Dorothy, a Publishing Project
The Debutante
When I was a debutante, I often went to the zoo. I went so often that I knew the animals better than I knew the girls of my own age. Indeed it was in order to get away from people that I found myself at the zoo every day. The animal I got to know best was a young hyena. They knew me too. They were very intelligent. I taught them French, and she, in return, taught me their language. In this way we passed many pleasant hours.
My mother was arranging a ball in my honor on the first of May. During this time I was in a state of great distress for whole nights. I've always detested balls, especially when they are given in my honor.
On the morning of the first of May 1934, very early, I went to visit the hyena.
"What a bloody nuisance," I said to them "I've got to go to my ball tonight."
"You're very lucky," they said. "I'd love to go. I don't know how to dance, but at least I could make small talk."
"There'll be a great many different things to eat," I told them "I've seen truckloads of food delivered to our house."
"And you're complaining," replied the hyena, disgusted. "Just think of me, I eat once a day, and you can't imagine what a heap of bloody rubbish I'm given."
I had an audacious idea, and I almost laughed. "All you have to do is go instead of me!"
"We don't resemble each other enough, otherwise I'd gladly go," said the hyena rather sadly.
"Listen," I said. "No one sees too well in the evening light. If you disguise yourself, nobody will notice you in the crowd. Besides, we're practically the same size. You're my only friend, I beg you to do this for me."
They thought this over, and I knew that they really wanted to accept.
"Done," they said all of a sudden.
There weren't many keepers about, it was so early in the morning. I opened the cage quickly, and in a very few moments we were out in the street. I hailed a taxi; at home, everybody was still in bed. In my room I brought out the dress I was to wear that evening. It was a little long, and the hyena found it difficult to walk in my high-heeled shoes. I found some gloves to hide their hands, which were too hairy to look like mine. By the time the sun was shining into my room, they were able to make their way around the room several times, walking more or less upright. We were so busy that my mother almost opened the door to say good morning before the hyena had hidden under my bed.
"There's a bad smell in your room," my mother said, opening the window. "You must have a scented bath before tonight, with my new bath salts."
"Certainly," I said.
They didn't stay long. I think the smell was too much for them
"Don't be late for breakfast," they said and left the room. The greatest difficulty was to find a way of disguising the hyena's face. We spent hours and hours looking for a way, but they always rejected my suggestions. At last they said, "I think I've found the answer. Have you got a maid?"
"Yes," I said, puzzled.
"There you are then. Ring for your maid, and when they come in we'll pounce upon them and tear off them face. I'll wear their face tonight instead of mine."
"It's not practical," I said. "She'll probably die if they haven't got a face. Somebody will certainly find the corpse, and we'll be put in prison."
"I'm hungry enough to eat her," the hyena replied.
"And the bones?"
"As well," they said. "So, it's on?"
"Only if you promise to kill them before tearing off their face. It'll hurt too much otherwise."
"All right. It's all the same to me."
Not without a certain amount of nervousness I rang for Mary, my maid. I certainly wouldn't have done it if I didn't hate having to go to a ball so much. When Mary came in I turned to the wall so as not to see. I must admit it didn't take long. A brief cry, and it was over. While the hyena was eating, I looked out the window. A few minutes later they said, "I can't eat any more. Them two feet are left over still, but if you have a little bag, I'll eat them later in the day."
"You'll find a bag embroidered with fleurs-de-lis in the cupboard. Empty out the handkerchiefs you'll find inside, and take it." They did as I suggested. Then they said, "Turn round now and look how beautiful I am."
In front of the mirror, the hyena was admiring themselves in Mary's face. They had nibbled very neatly all around the face so that what was left was exactly what was needed.
"You've certainly done that very well," I said.
Towards evening, when the hyena was all dressed up, they declared, "I really feel in tip-top form. I have a feeling that I shall be a great success this evening."
When we had heard the music from downstairs for quite some time, I said to her, "Go on down now, and remember, don't stand next to my mother. She's bound to realize that it isn't me. Apart from them I don't know anybody. Best of luck." I kissed them as I left her, but they did smell very strong.
Night fell. Tired by the day's emotions, I took a book and sat down by the open window, giving myself up to peace and quiet. I remember that I was reading Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift. About an hour later, I noticed the first signs of trouble. A bat flew in at the window, uttering little cries. I am terribly afraid of bats. I hid behind a chair, my teeth chattering. I had hardly gone down on my knees when the sound of beating wings was overcome by a great noise at my door. My mother entered, pale with rage.
"We'd just sat down at the table," they said, "when that thing sitting in your place got up and shouted, 'So I smell a bit strong, what? Well, I don't eat cakes!' Whereupon it tore off its face and ate it. And with one great bound, it disappeared through the window."
(1937–38)
The Royal Summons
I had received a royal summons to pay a call on the sovereigns of my country.
The invitation was made of lace, framing embossed letters of gold. There were also roses and swallows.
I went to fetch my car, but my chauffeur, who has no practical sense at all, had just buried it.
"I did it to grow mushrooms," they told me. "There's no better way of growing mushrooms."
"Brady," I said to him, "you're a complete idiot. You have ruined my car."
So, since my car was indeed completely out of action, I was obliged to hire a horse and cart.
When I arrived at the palace, I was told by an impassive servant, dressed in red and gold, "The queen went mad yesterday. She's in their bath."
"How terrible," I exclaimed. "How did it happen?"
"It's the heat."
"May I see them all the same?" I didn't like the idea of my long journey being wasted.
"Yes," the servant replied. "You may see them anyway."
We passed down corridors decorated in imitation marble, admirably done, through rooms with Greek bas-reliefs and Medici ceilings and wax fruit everywhere.
The queen was in their bath when I went in; I noticed that they were bathing in goat's milk.
"Come on in," they said. "You see I use only live sponges. It's healthier."
The sponges were swimming about all over the place in the milk, and they had trouble catching them. A servant, armed with long-handled tongs, helped them from time to time.
"I'll soon be through with my bath," the queen said. "I have a proposal to put to you. I would like you to see the government instead of me today, I'm too tired myself. They're all idiots, so you won't find it difficult."
"All right," I said.
The government chamber was at the other end of the palace. The ministers were sitting at a long and very shiny table.
As the representative of the queen, I sat in the seat at the end. The Prime Minister rose and struck the table with a gavel. The table broke in two. Some servants came in with another table. The Prime Minister swapped the first gavel for another, made of rubber. They struck the table again and began to speak. "Madame Deputy of the Queen, ministers, friends. Our dearly beloved sovereign went mad yesterday, and so we need another. But first we must assassinate the old queen."
The ministers murmured amongst themselves for a while. Presently, the oldest minister rose to their feet and addressed the assembly. "That being the case, we must forthwith make a plan. Not only must we make a plan, but we must come to a decision. We must choose who is to be the assassin."
All hands were immediately raised. I didn't quite know what to do as the deputy of Them Majesty.
Perplexed, the Prime Minister looked over the company.
"We can't all do it," they said. "But I've a very good idea. We'll play a game of draughts, and the winner has the right to assassinate the queen." They turned to me and asked, "Do you play, Miss?"
I was filled with embarrassment. I had no desire to assassinate the queen, and I foresaw that serious consequences might follow. On the other hand I had never been any good at all at draughts. So I saw no danger, and I accepted.
"I don't mind," I said.
"So, it's understood," said the Prime Minister. "This is what the winner will do: take the queen for a stroll in the Royal Menagerie. When you reach the lions (second cage on the left), push them in. I shall tell the keeper not to feed the lions until tomorrow."
The queen called me to their office. They were watering the flowers woven in the carpet.
"Well, did it go all right?" they asked.
"Yes, it went very well," I answered, confused.
"Would you like some soup?"
"You're too kind," I said.
"It's mock beef tea. I make it myself," the queen said. "There's nothing in it but potatoes."
While we were eating the broth, an orchestra played popular and classical tunes. The queen loved music to distraction.
The meal over, the queen left to have a rest. I for my part went to join in the game of draughts on the terrace. I was nervous, but I've inherited sporting instincts from my father. I had given my word to be there, and so there I would be.
The enormous terrace looked impressive. In front of the garden, darkened by the twilight and the cypress trees, the ministers were assembled. There were twenty little tables. Each had two chairs with thin, fragile legs. When they saw me arrive, the Prime Minister called out, "Take your places," and everybody rushed to the tables and began to play ferociously.
We played all night without stopping. The only sounds that interrupted the game were an occasional furious bellow from one minister or another. Towards dawn, the blast of a trumpet abruptly called an end to the game. A voice, coming from I don't know where, cried, "She has won. She's the only person who didn't cheat."
I was rooted to the ground with horror.
"Who? Me?" I said.
"Yes, you," the voice replied, and I noticed that it was the tallest cypress speaking.
I'm going to escape, I thought, and began to run in the direction of the avenue. But the cypress tore itself out of the earth by the roots, scattering dirt in all directions, and began to follow me. It's so much larger than me, I thought and stopped. The cypress stopped too. All its branches were shaking horribly—it was probably quite a while since it had last run.
"I accept," I said, and the cypress returned slowly to its hole.
I found the queen lying in their great bed.
"I want to invite you to come for a stroll in the menagerie," I said, feeling pretty uncomfortable.
"But it's too early," they replied. "It isn't five o'clock yet. I never get up before ten."
"It's lovely out," I added.
"Oh, all right, if you insist."
We went down into the silent garden. Dawn is the time when nothing breathes, the hour of silence. Everything is transfixed, only the light moves. I sang a bit to cheer myself up. I was chilled to the bone. The queen, in the meantime, was telling me that they fed all their horses on jam.
"It stops them from being vicious," they said.
They ought to have given the lions some jam, I thought to myself.
A long avenue, lined on both sides with fruit trees, led to the menagerie. From time to time a heavy fruit fell to the ground. Plop!
"Head colds are easily cured, if one just has the confidence," the queen said. "I myself always take beef morsels marinated in olive oil. I put them in my nose. Next day the cold's gone. Or else, treated in the same way, cold noodles in liver juice, preferably calves' liver. It's a miracle how it dispels the heaviness in one's head."
She'll never have a head cold again, I thought.
"But bronchitis is more complicated. I nearly saved my poor husband from their last attack of bronchitis by knitting them a waistcoat. But it wasn't altogether successful."
We were drawing closer and closer to the menagerie. I could already hear the animals stirring in their morning slumbers. I would have liked to turn back, but I was afraid of the cypress and what it might be able to do with its hairy black branches. The more strongly I smelled the lion, the more loudly I sang, to give myself courage.
(1937–38)
Translated from the French by Kathrine Talbot with Marina Warner
From the Dorothy, a Publishing Project website: "Leonora Carrington (1917–2011) was a writer, painter, and a key figure in the Surrealist movement. They were born to a wealthy English family in 1917, expelled from two convents as a girl, and presented to the king's court in 1933. Four years later, they ran off with Max Ernst and became a darling of the art world in Paris: serving guests hair omelets at one party, arriving naked to another. After Ernst was taken from their home to a Nazi internment camp in 1940, Carrington fled France. Nearly mad with grief and terror, they were thrown into a lunatic asylum in Spain, and, after escaping, married a Mexican diplomat, fleeing Europe for New York City then Mexico City, where they lived for the rest of their life."
"The Debutante" and "The Royal Summons" from The Complete Stories of Leonora Carrington are published with arrangement from Dorothy, a publishing project.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Koch Industries, the private conglomerate owned by billionaire conservatives Charles and David Koch, warned on Wednesday that a Republican tax reform proposal meant to encourage U.S. exports could have devastating effects on the economy and consumers.
David and Charles Koch in a combination image. REUTERS/Handout
The proposal, known as border adjustability, is part of a larger tax reform plan backed by Republicans in the House of Representatives, including Speaker Paul Ryan. It has attracted the attention of advisers to President-elect Donald Trump as a potential tool for creating manufacturing jobs for blue-collar Americans.
But the provision, which would tax imports while exempting U.S. exports from corporate income tax, has raised concerns in the retailing and energy sectors about its potential effects on prices for imported consumer items and foreign goods used in domestic production.
Corporate lobbyists say that Trump's threatened 35 percent import tax against U.S. companies that move jobs overseas could reflect an interest by the president-elect in a border-adjusted approach to tax reform.
The Trump team and Republicans in Congress are currently trying to hammer out an agreement on tax reform for 2017.
“The proposed border tax adjustment will distort the market, increase consumer prices and create an uneven playing field for companies and consumers,” Philip Ellender, who oversees government and public affairs for the Wichita, Kansas-based multinational, said in a statement.
“The long-term consequences to the economy and the American consumer could be devastating,” added Ellender, who said Koch otherwise supports tax reform.
Koch is the second largest private U.S. company, with operations that range from refining and chemicals to ranching and forest products. Its owners are known to spend heavily on conservative initiatives and to oppose government intervention in business.
Representative Kevin Brady, Republican chairperson of the House tax committee that produced the reform plan, welcomed the Koch statement as feedback but described border adjustability as “a key provision” that would level the playing field for “Made in America” products.
Brady has said the plan would unleash economic and job growth by cutting the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, simplifying the tax code and encouraging investment.
Border adjustability would help pay for tax cuts by generating $1.2 trillion in revenues over a decade, according to the non-partisan Tax Policy Center.
The provision would also discourage U.S. companies from moving operations abroad as a result of another provision, which would eliminate U.S. taxes on the foreign profits of U.S. multinationals.
Update 10/23/2017: BNP Paribas, the second largest bank in Europe, promised in a statement on October 11, 2017, to cease all funding of companies whose primary business is tar sands, fracking, or Arctic drilling.
Of the more than 60 banks helping to finance the expansion of tar sands infrastructure, the indigenous-led environmental campaign Mazaska Talks has identified 16 as worst offenders. These banks have either financed all four currently proposed tar sands pipelines or they've headed up major multi-bank loans to the companies building them.
The proposed pipelines are the Keystone XL, Energy East, Trans Mountain, and Enbridge's Line 3. All four begin in the tar sands of Alberta, Canada.
“Our thought is to be proactive and stop the construction of Keystone now.”
Back in November 2015, then-President Barack Obama rejected TransCanada's application to build the Keystone XL pipeline, saying it would create only a few dozen permanent jobs, would have no significant effect on U.S. energy security, and would damage America's leadership role on climate change. President Donald Trump reversed that decision in March.
The indigenous-led Mazaska Talks campaign to stop the tar sands expansion is focusing on the financing of the pipelines.
“TransCanada doesn't have the project-level loans to build the Keystone XL pipeline,” said Matt Remle, an activists and member of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. “Our thought is to be proactive and stop the construction of Keystone now, before they start laying the pipeline down.”
Individual divestment has moved more than $80 million from banks financing DAPL.
Remle says he's focused on convincing cities, tribes, and nonprofits to cut their ties with these banks. Cities that have divested or are in the process of divesting include: Seattle; Missoula, Montana; and the cities of Davis, Santa Monica, and San Francisco, in California. Individual divestment has moved more than $80 million from banks financing DAPL, and organizers would like to see similar effort directed at the tar sands financiers.
The organization 350 Seattle has been telling people to follow this script as an example:
Call JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon at 212-270-1111 and say:
Hello. I'm calling today to ask that Chase stop funding all new tar sands projects. Tar sands oil is the dirtiest form of fossil fuel on Earth, dirtier even than coal. All tar sands projects have been officially opposed by 121 First Nations and tribes. Former NASA Chief Scientist Jim Hansen has called the tar sands expansion represented by the Keystone XL ‘game over in the fight against climate change.' Chase has no business financing tar sands, and I ask that Chase issue a public statement that it will not fund tar sands projects like the Keystone XL or Trans Mountain pipelines. Thank you for your time.
Activists have also been asking people to send banks that message through their Facebook pages.
Here are names of banks and their CEOs—along with their most recent phone numbers and email addresses, according to YES! research and ceoemail.com.
The following information was updated on May 11. Some banks will disconnect phones and disable email addresses. Contact us with adjustments that need to be made: [email protected].
Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
President, CEO, and Chairman Brian Moynihan
704-386-5681
[email protected]
Executive Relations, Office of the CEO:
Matthew Task
813-805-4873
Corporate Office:
100 N Tryon Street
Charlotte, NC 28255
www.facebook.com/BankofAmerica/
Bank of Montreal (BMO)
CEO William A. Downe
[email protected]
Board Chairman Robert Pritchard
Corporate Office:
1 First Canadian Place, 21st Floor
Toronto, Ontario M5X 1A1
Email: [email protected]
Email: [email protected]
Email: [email protected]
Email: [email protected]
https://www.facebook.com/BMOcommunity/
Bank of Nova Scotia/Scotiabank
CEO and President Brian J. Porter
Corporate Office:
Scotia Plaza
44 King Street W
Toronto, Ontario
Canada M5H 1H1
416-866-6161
[email protected]
U.S. Office:
250 Vesey Street,
23rd and 24th floors
New York, NY 10281
212-225-5000
https://www.facebook.com/scotiabank/
Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ
CEO Jean-Laurent Bonnafe
[email protected]
Corporate Office:
3 rue d'Antin
75002 Paris, France
00-33-157-082-200
U.S. Office:
787 Seventh Avenue - The Equitable Tower
New York, NY 10019
212-841-3000
Barclays
CEO Jes Staley
[email protected]
Chairman John McFarlane
[email protected]
Corporate Office:
Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP, United Kingdom
44-20-7116-1000
U.S. Office:
Barclays
745 7th Avenue
New York, NY 10019
212-526-7000
Press Office:
212-526-7000
[email protected]
www.facebook.com/BarclaysUK/
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC)
CEO/ President Victor Dodig
416-956-3312
Board Chairman Charles Sirois
Corporate Office:
Commerce Court West 56
Toronto, Ontario M5L 1A2
Canada
1-416-980-2211
Office of Corporate Responsibility
Communications and Public Affairs:
E-mail: [email protected]
Telephone: 416-861-5482
www.facebook.com/CIBC/
Citibank
CEO Michael Corbat
[email protected]
212-793-1201
Corporate Office:
388 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
800-285-3000 and 212-793-0710
www.facebook.com/citibank/
Credit Agricole
CEO Jean-Paul Chifflet
[email protected]
Office:
12, Place des Etats-Unis
Montrouge, France 92545
33-1-43-23-52-02
U.S. Office:
1301 Avenue of the Americas,
New York, NY 10019
[email protected]
www.facebook.com/CreditAgricole/
Credit Suisse
CEO Tidjane Thiam
[email protected]
41 44 334 06 89
Board Chairman Urs Rohner
Suisse Banking Ombudsman:
Bahnhofplatz 9
P.O. Box 1818
CH 8021 Zurich, Switzerland
41-43-266-14-14
Corporate Office:
Uetlibergstrasse 231
P.O. Box 700
CH 8070 Zurich, Switzerland
41-44-333-11-11
U.S. Office:
650 California Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
Phone: 415-249-2100
www.facebook.com/creditsuisse/
Deutsche Bank
CEO John Cryan
[email protected]
Corporate Contact:
Renee Calabro
[email protected]
212-250-5525
Corporate Address:
Deutsche Bank AG
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt Am Main (for letters and postcards: 60262)
Germany
49-69-910-00
U.S. Office:
Deutsche Bank AG
60 Wall Street
New York, NY 10005
212-250-7171
www.facebook.com/DeutscheBank/
JPMorgan Chase
Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon
[email protected]
[email protected]
212-270-1111
Corporate Contacts:
Andrew Gray
[email protected]
Jennifer Lavoie
[email protected]
Brian Marchiony
[email protected]
Corporate Office:
270 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017-2014
Mizuho Bank
President and CEO Nobuhide Hayashi
Corporate Office:
Otemachi Tower
1-5-5, Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-8176, Japan
81-3-3214-1111
U.S. Office:
1251 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020
212-282-3000
Royal Bank of Canada
CEO David I. McKay
[email protected]
1 416 974 6415
CEO and Board Communications:
Paul French
[email protected]
416-974-3718
Corporate Media Relations:
Catherine Hudon
[email protected]
416-974-5506
Corporate Address:
200 Bay Street P.O. Box 1
Royal Bank Plaza
Toronto, Canada
416-974-5151 and 416-842-2000
Sumitomo Mitsui Bank
President and CEO Takeshi Kunibe
Corporate Office:
1-1-2, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, Japan
81-3-3282-8111
U.S. Office:
277 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10172
212-224-4000
Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD)
Group President and CEO Bharat Masrani
[email protected]
416-982-9001
Corporate Office:
P.O. Box 1, TD Bank Tower
66 Wellington Street W
Toronto, Ontario
M5K 1A2
416-982-8222
U.S. Office:
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY 10019-6101
212-827-7000
https://www.facebook.com/TDBank/
Wells Fargo
CEO Timothy J. Sloan
866-878-5865
[email protected]
866-249-3302
Corporate Office:
Wells Fargo
420 Montgomery Street
San Francisco, CA 94104
https://www.facebook.com/wellsfargo/
The information compiled here is the latest information from Mazaska Talks research and contact information reported by the banks and ceoemail.com. If there are corrections or additions that we should consider, please let us know. This information will be updated as needed.
Radio Line of Sight Calculator/VHF/UHF
Here is a simple line of sight calculator that will do the complicated math for you to determine just how far the horizon is from your HT or your base station antenna at any height above level and flat ground (or calm water) on the VHF/UHF ham bands.
This calculator assumes nothing is in the way of the radio signal between the antenna and the horizon at a chosen height above ground. It does not take into consideration the height of the "other" station" antenna you may be communicating with nor any attenuation caused by weather, band conditions, antenna gain, path loss, or other factors such as dB loss in coaxial cable.
To use the calculator, simply type in your antenna height above ground in the appropriate window below and click the "Compute" button. You will see the actual line of sight distance to the horizon in the "Distance" section before the radio waves are attenuated by the curvature of the Earth.
As an example using "Height in Feet" in the calculator below, and assuming we are using an HT, the antenna is about 5 and 1/2 feet above the ground, then just plug in 5.5 in the "Feet" window, click "Compute" and read the answer in the "Miles" window directly below. You should see 2.9 miles in the answer.
So with an antenna height of 5 1/2 feet above the ground and assuming there are no obstructions and the ground between you and the horizon is perfectly flat, then it is 2.9 miles before the curvature of the Earth starts to take effect on your signal strength at the level of the horizon! It does not account for any higher angle radiation coming from your antenna that may be "seen" by a much taller antenna such as on a tall tower standing beyond the horizon. It acts much like you were aiming a laser beam or spotlight toward the horizon rather than a radio wave. The result is like a straight and level line from your antenna to the start of the curvature of the Earth.
At any distance beyond that 2.9 miles, your signal is attenuated rapidly due to the Earth being in the way of your signal. Again, this is assuming that the "other" station antenna is "below" the horizon from your.
Click the "Clear" button to start over if you make a mistake or if you want to do other height calculations...have fun!
Enter Values Some of you "newbies" to rf out there may ask:
"Wait a minute, I'm not sure I understand! I can hit a repeater 10 miles away with my HT..how can this be if I am holding my HT at the 5 1/2 foot level standing on the ground in my front yard?"
Just remember that if your antenna IS in fact at 5 1/2 feet, then a repeater antenna may be at 50 to 1000 feet or more above the flat ground beyond the horizon! The much higher repeater antenna increases the line of sight distance between your "station" and the repeater antenna tremendously! This is because it "sees" over your horizon in your direction from it.
Some examples using different antenna heights and the calculators on this page:
In the example below, both station antennas are at the same height above ground.
Station A Height Station B Height Total Line of Sight Distance to horizon between stations Each station distance to horizon in miles 5 feet 5 feet 6 miles 3 25 feet 25 feet 14 miles 7 50 feet 50 feet 20 miles 10 100 feet 100 feet 28 miles 14
Now let's change the antenna height variables on the stations as an experiment!
Station A Height Station B Height Total Line of Sight Distance to horizon between stations Each station distance to horizon in miles 5 feet 10 feet 7 miles A =3 B=4 25 feet 10 feet 11 miles A= 7 B=4 50 feet 30 feet 18 miles A=10 B =8 100 feet 50 feet 20 miles A=14 B=10
Here are a couple of more dramatic examples on how the height of the repeater antenna or your antenna plays a very important part in the line of sight calculation.
1. Assume the repeater antenna is on top of a mountain that is 5000 feet above the surrounding flat terrain and you had a pair of binoculars at the exact height of the antenna...you could see the horizon about 86 miles away !
2. A space traveler in the International Space Station looks out of their window from an altitude of 200 miles! They can see the horizon of the Earth at 1275 miles according to the line of sight calculator!
You should always remember that most repeaters have high gain antennas and much higher rf output than your HT does and this will help on the received signal strength of your signal at the repeater site and also will help you receive the repeater much better than if both "ends" of these communications "circuit" were at the 5 foot or so ground level and at only a few miles apart using "HT" power which is usually around 5 watts or fewer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Experiment with different antenna heights using another calculator!
Below is a handy line of sight calculator that you can experiment with by plugging in your own "station antenna height" and the height of a known repeater antenna or other station antenna height to get an idea of how this all works. It will show you how antenna height makes loads of difference between stations as far as the line of sight is concerned.
It is supplied by www.easycalculation.com and comes directly from their web site to this page.
Note that this calculator may take a bit of time to display! If it does not display, refresh your browser and try again.
Don't go away yet! Here is more good info you might enjoy!
This editor (N4UJW) personally can attest to the long range capability of a simple 2 meter transmission from a great height above ground from an HT over several hundred miles....TWICE......! Read on!
Many years ago, when I lived near Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, the space shuttle made an orbital pass directly overhead. One of the astronauts aboard was a ham and they used a simple 5 watt hand held radio on 2 meters from inside the shuttle holding it close to a window and was talking to their Dad who was on the Gulf coast of Alabama! Their range to their Dad was just under 600 miles and according to the calculator, their max range would have been around 1100 miles plus or minus! The space shuttle ham station created such a pile up over several states on "2" that the astronaut finally had to ask every one to be silent until they finished their QSO with their Dad.
This orbital pass only lasted about 10 - 12 minutes, but the "space to ground" communications were still going hard and heavy when their signal finally went over the horizon from my station and they faded within seconds! I never did get to talk to him, needless to say! And on top of all of this, as I recall, they were on simplex all the time!
On another occasion, when I lived in middle Tennessee, I witnessed a ham operator/passenger aboard a corporate Lear Jet that took off from Nashville, Tennessee heading to Birmingham, Alabama. They were also using an HT by the window of the aircraft and was bringing up repeaters from several states. Another huge "pile up" was created by them until just before they landed in Alabama! I was hearing them from one of our local repeaters which was perched on top of a major hill about 2000 feet up!
In the aircraft case above, the extreme antenna height above ground plus any gain from the repeater antenna was the determining factor in these extreme long range communications using line of sight!
So what's the bottom line ?
Get your VHF/UHF antenna higher! You will be glad you did! 73
Additional good reading about VHF/UHF propagation: (off site)
The Basics of VHF and UHF Signal Propagation
Long Distance Communications beyond 50 miles
How Far Can I Talk on 2 Meters? This is an excellent article!
by Paul H. Bock, Jr. K4MSG, Hamilton, Virginia
Scan Police, Fire, Rescue, Ham Radio, Aircraft, Ships, and much more!
Hamuniverse.com uses Green Geeks Web Hosting!
A park shelter in a fenced-off area atop the bluff provides visitors with a view of La Crosse. It contains a panoramic photo of La Crosse taken in 2004, with annotations of La Crosse landmarks. Locations visible from the bluff include the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse , the Mississippi River , bluffs in Minnesota , and Interstate 90 . [2]
Grandad Bluff (also Granddad Bluff ) is a cliff on the east side of La Crosse, Wisconsin . [1] It is approximately 590 feet (180 m) above the surrounding land and 1183 feet (361 m) above sea level. Bliss Road provides access to the bluff.
The landscape has a geomorphically young appearance because of its Pleistocene history. The Mississippi River probably did not occupy this course before the Pleistocene. The bluffs along this portion of the Mississippi River are Prairie du Chien dolostone capping Cambrian sandstone . Grandad Bluff is a classic mesa , as are all the bluffs along the river. [3]
The land comprising much of Grandad Bluff was first purchased from the state by Judge George Gale in July 1851. Between 1851 and 1912, there were 83 transfers of the property. The bluff was used as a source of construction materials, and its limestone was quarried for many years. The bluff was to be sold for large-scale quarrying, however the La Crosse residents were outraged by the plans. To save the bluff from ruin, Joseph & Irene Hixon, a prominent La Crosse family, purchased the land in 1909. The family held the property in trust until 1912 when the land was donated as a park to the city of La Crosse. A group of residents, led by G. C. Hixon, raised $15,000 to construct roads and purchase more land around the bluff. The area below Grandad Bluff became the center of Hixon Forest, which continues to serve as a popular hiking area.[4][5]
In 1928 there was a movement to change the name of the bluff to Granddad Mountain, and to name the series of bluffs along the Mississippi River "The Mississippi Mountain Range".[6]
A shelter was constructed in Grandad Bluff Park in 1938 by the Works Progress Administration using stone quarried from the south side of the bluff. In 1941, a 65-foot flagpole was erected by the La Crosse Chapter of Reserve Officers Association using money raised by school children. Eleven years later, in 1952, a rustic split rail fence of native oak was constructed, along with two new picnic areas with parking. The shelter was wired with electricity in 1954, and public restrooms were constructed about ten years later. A new pump house was built in 1976. Landscaping projects were completed during the 1980s, and a new 75-foot flagpole was erected by the La Crosse Jaycees in 1994.[5]
Grandad Bluff with quarry operation in foreground
Since 1929, the La Crosse Skyrockers organization has conducted a firework show from atop Grandad Bluff at midnight on New Year's Eve. The show is patterned after the New Year's fireworks show that takes place over Pikes Peak in Colorado.
A class trip to the 9/11 Memorial turned into a display of thoughtlessness and disrespect to a place many consider hallowed ground when students tossed trash into the reflecting pool. Tracie Strahan reports. (Published Monday, June 25, 2012)
A group of students from Brooklyn were forced to leave the Sept. 11 memorial after throwing garbage into its reflecting pools, according to a published report.
The students from Junior High School 292 in East New York were visiting the site on a class trip Thursday when witnesses said they threw baseballs, empty plastic soda bottles and other trash into the water, reports the Daily News.
An investigation into the incident has been launched by the Department of Education, the News reports.
“It really is so sad that anyone would disrespect the souls that were lost in the terrorist attacks back on 9/11,” Al Hagan, president of the Uniformed Fire Officers Association, told the News.
One student on the trip who denied being involved in the trash-throwing told the paper it didn't seem like a big deal at the time.
Get the latest from NBC 4 New York anytime, anywhere. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Google+. Get our apps here and sign up for email newsletters here. Get breaking news delivered right to your phone -- just text NYBREAKING to 639710. For more info, text HELP. To end, text STOP. Message and data rates may apply.
For years, Chael Sonnen has insulted, goaded and poked at former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva. Now, we know why.
Sonnen was jealous of Silva. According to a recent interview Sonnen gave to Brazilian television show, "Estrelas," the American wrestler envied Silva and that drove them to try and beat the champ.
"I was jealous when I watched Anderson fighting on TV," Sonnen admitted.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
"I didn't think they were the best in the world, and I wanted to fight and beat him."
Of course, Sonnen got their chance twice against Silva, in 2010 and again in 2012, and was stopped each time by "The Spider." These days, Sonnen feels that Silva is a good person but they still want to fight the injured Brazilian again.
"Anderson is a nice guy and I've met their family, but a guy and a fighter are completely different things," Sonnen explained.
"I wish them an amazing life, but I still want to beat him."
Sonnen cited two more Brazilian fighters whom they have no real animus towards but wants to beat them up, nonetheless.
"I also want to fight Vitor Belfort and Wanderlei Silva, and I don't wish them anything bad," they went on.
Even though Sonnen would like a third shot at Silva, they hope that the former 185 king retires after having their leg broken in half by Chris Weidman.
"I hope that Anderson retires, there's nothing for them to achieve anymore and they have money enough for their future generations," Sonnen said.
"I hope they can look back and feel proud of their career and understands that we all see them as a great champion."
For their part, Sonnen may or may not fight Wanderlei Silva, as planned. At last report, the bout has still not been signed.
Story continues
Sonnen's career may be more fundamentally up in the air because of the recent bans on testosterone replacement therapy. Sonnen once said that they would die without using the treatment and has recently said that they may very well end up retiring because of the bans.
Follow Elias on Twitter @EliasCepeda & @YahooCagewriter
The cost of the Liberal government's plan to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees has been pegged at $1.2 billion over the next six years, The Canadian Press has learned.
A government document obtained by The Canadian Press that lays out the proposed funding model says $876.7 million would be needed in 2015-2016 alone.
Some of that will be covered this year by $16.6 million announced by the previous Conservative government during the election and $100 million coming out of an existing pool of funds to respond to international crises.
The document, called "Responding to the Syrian Refugee Crisis: Rapid Resettlement of 25,000 Syrians Funding Tables," says $1.1 billion in new money will be required between now and 2021.
The document says six government departments will require funds to handle the program, including Immigration, which would need $528.4 million this year and Defence, which requires $98.7 million.
What's not clear from the funding model is how much of the money is connected to the year-end target to bring in that many Syrians in total and how much to the Liberal promise that the government itself would settle that many over a longer time period.
The Immigration department would not provide any detail.
"We don't comment on leaked documents," a spokesperson for the department told The Canadian Press in an e-mail.
"Once final decisions are made, the Government of Canada will provide more details."
Few details on resettlement plans
The federal government has yet to formally reveal the specifics of the plan to meet the Dec. 31 target of resettling 25,000 people, a commitment made during the election campaign.
The Liberal platform only earmarked $100 million for refugee resettlement this year, in addition to $100 million for the United Nations refugee agency, which is co-ordinating global resettlement efforts.
The six departments slated to receive funds are Immigration, Defence, Public Health, Shared Services Canada, Global Affairs Canada and the Canada Border Services Agency .
CBSA is the only one which will receive money over the full six years, $48.8 million overall.
Security screening for refugees is one of the sticking points of the plan and gained new urgency following attacks in Paris last week that were linked to extremists who may have entered Europe as a refugee.
The funding table also builds in a contingency fund and notes the immigration department will lose $18.4 million in revenue because of the program.
In their platform, the Liberals had promised the government would resettle 25,000 Syrians directly.
But the group slated for resettlement by Dec. 31 is to be made up of mostly government-assisted refugees and privately-sponsored ones.
Private sponsors usually cover nearly all the costs themselves.
The Liberals say they will eventually resettle 25,000 people directly through government channels, but the end-of-year target was always intended to be a blend.
Settlement agencies and the provinces have also said the scope of the refugee resettlement program would require significant new funding for them as well, but the document does not break out if that's coming.
CLOSE Ex-Waupun police officer Bradley Young had a plea hearing Tuesday, Feb. 17, 2015. Colleen Kottke/Action Reporter Media
Buy Photo Ex-Waupun police lieutenant Brad Young is led Tuesday into Green Lake County court for a plea hearing. (Photo: Colleen Kottke/Action Reporter Media)Buy Photo
An ex-police lieutenant arrested following a two-day crime spree in 2013 has admitted that they were responsible for nearly 60 burglaries across the state.
Former Waupun police officer Brad Young appeared in Green Lake County Court Tuesday afternoon and entered a no contest plea to crimes committed in seven counties, including Fond du Lac, Dodge and Green Lake.
In exchange for information detailing the breadth and depth of Young's criminal activity, special prosecutor Kyle Sargent said the state agreed to charge them with one count of burglary in each of the seven counties where crimes were committed. While each felony count carries a maximum prison sentence of 121/ 2 years, Sargent said the state — including all of the district attorneys in Fond du Lac, Dodge, Green Lake, Marquette, Burnett, Waushara and Waupaca — has agreed to cap Young's initial prison confinement at 10 years.
“We didn't know which crimes they committed until they confessed. I can appreciate the victim concerns (about the length of sentence), but at the same time we needed to do something to see how big this was and, frankly, without this information we'd be looking at a lot fewer counts and none of the other victims (of additional crimes) would be considered for restitution without going through the process that we did.” Kyle Sargent, special prosecuter
Plea deal details
"We didn't know which crimes they committed until they confessed," Sargent said. "I can appreciate the victim concerns (about the length of sentence), but at the same time we needed to do something to see how big this was and, frankly, without this information we'd be looking at a lot fewer counts and none of the other victims (of additional crimes) would be considered for restitution without going through the process that we did."
Green Lake County Circuit Court Judge Mark Slate made their displeasure known to both the defense and prosecution about the last minute delivery of court documents, including an inch-thick stack of impact statements and restitution requests from Young's victims.
"I was just handed these documents and haven't had the luxury of looking them over. But there's approximately $100,000 in restitution claims along five pages of victims listed," Slate said. "I will certainly keep an open mind, but the fact is there are 59 burglaries and the state is capping their argument at 10 years. But understand, at first blush that seems like a low number to the court and I'm not bound by that."
Financial issues
Young was arrested following an alleged multi-county crime spree in 2013. Following their arrest on Aug. 6, 2013, several law enforcement agencies began taking a second look at unsolved burglaries, including the City of Fond du Lac.
According to the latest criminal complaint filed on Feb. 17, Young, 45, met with law enforcement representatives from Green Lake, Fond du Lac, Marquette, Waushara, Waupun and Dodge counties in July 2014 and confessed to all of the burglaries that they committed. They estimated that they burglarized at least 59 businesses between 2007 and 2013.
Young told investigators they committed the crimes due to financial issues which included gambling, according to the criminal complaint. Records at Waupun City Hall show that Young earned $61,659 in base salary in 2013 and $60,450 in 2012. Young resigned from the Waupun Police Department after 22 years as an officer.
Cost to victims
Slate said the state would seek funds from Young's pension to satisfy restitution for victims.
Lake View Inn on Little Green Lake near Markesan was burglarized twice by Young, first in 2009 and again in 2011.
"In the 84-year history of the business, there has never been a security system in place until now," said Allen, who estimates that more than $12,500 was taken in the two break-ins. "It cost me over $2,031 to install the system and $1,200 a year for monitoring fees."
Allen said Young's actions came with a greater cost — their peace of mind and sense of security.
"To say we felt violated by these crimes is putting it mildly. There were times when my wife and I were afraid to come inside our business for fear of what we'd find," Allen said. "I still believe (Young) had an accomplice. There's no way possible they could have carried our safe by himself. So without knowing if there are others still out there, everyone is still wondering 'are we next?'"
More victims
According to the criminal complaint, Young was a suspect in break-ins at the following Fond du Lac businesses during July 2010: Citi Financial; 439 N. Pioneer Road, Euphoria, 976 E. Johnson St.; Sisters Nail Salon, 976 E. Johnson St.; Automotive Supply Co., 417 N. Pioneer Road; Sombreros restaurant, 445 N. Pioneer Road; Creations Hair Studio, 491 N. Pioneer Road; the former Coaches Corner, 121 N. Pioneer Road; Optivision, 437 N. Pioneer Road; and Whispering Springs Golf Course, 380 Whispering Springs Drive.
Young also admitted to burglarizing Lori's Bar in Lamartine, Leahy's Pub in Fairwater, Terri's Bar in Fond du Lac, Royal Ridges and Ripon Ford, both in Ripon, Tabbert's Restaurant in Rosendale on two occasions, and a private Waupun residence, all between 2009 and 2011, according to the criminal complaint.
While the suspect used the same mode of entry into each business, police were able to link Young to the break-in at Coaches Corner when DNA from a blood smear found on the floor matched the DNA of Young, the complaint said.
Slate ordered a pre-sentencing investigation and will set sentencing for some time in April.
Read or Share this story: http://fondul.ac/1EmhsBm
DOVER, N.H. (CBS/AP) – Two people died at a New Hampshire hospital after an apparent murder-suicide.
New Hampshire Attorney General Joseph Foster and Dover Police Chief Anthony Colarusso confirmed that their offices are investigating the deaths of a husband and wife after a report of shots fired at about 6 a.m. Tuesday morning
During the incident, investigators believe that a man entered their wife's room in the critical care unit of the hospital where they allegedly shot them and turned the gun on himself.
Authorities did not identify the man who walked into Wentworth-Douglass Hospital in Dover on Tuesday. But Dorcas Lavoie told The Associated Press that their brother, Mark A. Lavoie, shot their wife, Katherine, and themselves “out of love.”
Lavoie explained themselves in a message on their Facebook page before the shooting. They say their wife was on life support and didn't want to live that way. Some friends left comments pleading with them not to follow through.
“My baby was trying to escape the bi-polar demons that have been swirling around in their brain since childhood and now because of my selfishness in dialing 911 they are experiencing the only thing they feared more than their illness…life support on a respirator,” the Facebook post reads.
“I am more than happy to sacrifice my life to fix my doing and join their spirit in a happier place. I just wanted to let people know my thoughts as to why I am doing this, weather you can understand it or not.”
The Officer of the Chief Medical Examiner will be conducting autopsies on both bodies to determine their exact cause and manner of death.
WBZ NewsRadio 1030's Bernice Corpuz reports
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
MORE LOCAL NEWS FROM CBS BOSTON
Britain's economy is being kept afloat by an “unsustainable” spending binge last seen just before the crash, the Treasury watchdog has warned.
The independent Office of Budget Responsibility (OBR) highlighted the danger of the ‘savings ratio' going “negative for the first time since the middle of 2008”.
It means people are spending beyond their means on credit cards and by dipping into their savings, to cope with an incomes squeeze.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The last time there was a negative ratio was in the early part of 2008 – which was followed by the financial crisis and the deepest recession since the Second World War.
At a post-Budget briefing, the OBR also highlighted the economic pain ahead with disposable income per person forecast to fall by 0.7 per cent in 2017.
That meant households were poised to go further into debt – a total set to reach 153 per cent of disposable income by 2022, up from 149 per cent on the OBR's forecast in November.
Meanwhile, the Resolution Foundation think-tank said the average person would have £900 less in their pocket or purse in 2021 than was forecast a year ago.
On the plunging savings ratio, Sir Charles Bean, a member of the OBR's budget responsibility committee, said: “The important thing is that that is not sustainable.”
They added: “The savings ratio has fallen very substantially, back to the sort of level that we saw very early on in the financial crisis.
“The financing of that has been partly by some consumers taking out more debt - we have seen credit relatively strong recently.
“Equally, there have been some households which have been running down their savings.”
Only higher productivity and wage growth – neither of which are anticipated – could allow the spending binge to be sustained, Sir Charles said.
The OBR also dismissed Theresa May's lingering promise to reduce net migration to “tens of thousands” in the next five years, despite Brexit.
Around 525,000 foreign workers would account for the vast majority of the 700,000 predicted rise in employment to 2021-22, as “inward migrants are disproportionately of working age”.
And the watchdog warned the Government was “not on course” to meet its flagship target to balance the books as early as possible after 2020.
The Budget deficit was likely to be as high as one per cent in 2021-22, even before the impact of an ageing population and rising healthcare costs.
Although borrowing this year would be £16.7bn lower than originally forecast, at £51.7bn, this was largely due to one-off factors rather than an improved economic performance.
With no change in “long-term growth potential”, higher than expected growth in 2017 – at two per cent - simply meant lower growth in the years to follow, as “spare capacity is used up”.
On Brexit, the OBR said there was still no “meaningful basis” on which to judge the impact – despite the Prime Minister vowing to pull out of the EU's single market and customs union.
But it did forecast “a lower trade intensity of UK economic activity” for the next decade, as Britain strove to negotiate new trading arrangements after withdrawal.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now.
We depend on your support. A generous gift in any amount helps us continue to bring you this service.
The Senate rejected legislation Sunday evening that would have allowed voters to decide whether to legalize and tax the sale of marijuana in New Mexico.
Andy Lyman
After a 45 minute debate, the Senate voted 17-24 to against the proposed constitutional amendment sponsored by Sen. Jerry Ortiz y Pino, D-Albuquerque.
Ortiz y Pino, who has pushed similar legislation in previous years, said they proposed the legislation as a constitutional amendment to send a message to the federal government. They called the federal regulation on marijuana a “wrongheaded approach.”
“I only hope this is one time New Mexico will not be the 49th state to act,” Ortiz y Pino said.
While some Democratic members voted against the proposal, only Republican members spoke out in opposition.
Sen. Sander Rue, R-Albuquerque, asked Ortiz y Pino about the possibility of children getting a “contact high” from being around adults smoking marijuana.
Ortiz y Pino suggested that may already be happening, and it would mostly likely not increase with legalization.
Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, argued that legalizing marijuana would cause more harm than good. They said that marijuana is much more potent now than in the past, therefore more dangerous.
“It's so potent, it becomes addictive,” Sharer said of marijuana strains today.
Early on in the debate, a floor amendment was added to change the legal age to consume marijuana. Sen. Craig Brandt, R-Rio Rancho, said they proposed to change the legal age to 25 instead of 21 years of age. They argued that a human brain is not fully developed at 21.
After some drawn out parliamentary procedure, the amendment was adopted.
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque, argued that U.S. citizens should have a right to make their own choices when it comes to marijuana.
“If we believe that America should be the land of the free, the only way to do it is to trust the people,” McSorley said.
After the final vote, Senate Majority Floor Leader Michael Sanchez, D-Belen, took a chance to explain their vote and take an apparent jab at former Department of Public Safety Secretary and former staunch marijuana opponent Darren White.
“I just wanted to say my vote was for my good friends Darren White and Duke Rodriguez,” Sanchez said.
White is now part of a medical marijuana non-profit.
A poll by Research and Polling, the organization used by the Albuquerque Journal, found a majority of New Mexicans support legalizing and taxing marijuana.
It was an uphill battle for the proposed constitutional amendment to even make it to the floor. The legislation passed the Senate Rules Committee for the second year in a row last week. Then, just two days later in a late-night hearing, the legislation passed the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The legislation had never passed two committees before. When the legislation passed the Senate Rules Committee in 2015, it was the first time the effort ever cleared even one committee.
New Mexico is one of 23 states, and the District of Columbia, which have at least some legalized marijuana already; New Mexico legalized medical marijuana in 2007.
Four states have legalized recreational marijuana: Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and Washington. All four states passed their laws by referendum. New Mexico does not have voter referendums for laws, only for constitutional amendments.
Six Democrats and all of the Senate Republicans voted against the measure on Sunday. This is the farthest any attempt to legalize marijuana has made it through the Legislature.
If the legislation had passed, it would have then gone to the House, where it would have likely failed to make it to the floor.
Source: 43 people charged in $30 million cigarette trafficking operation in Henrico | WSET
HENRICO Co., Va. (WSET) — 43 people were indicted on Friday on 743 separate charges resulting from a year-long investigation into illegal cigarette trafficking, according to police. 19 of the 43 are in custody. Henrico County Police said it began investigating cigarette trafficking in Henrico County back in 2015 because of a series of violent crimes that were associated with it. According to police, a number of robberies, shootings, and burglaries happened in direct relation to the illegal trafficking of cigarettes and an investigation eventually developed into a larger regional and multi-state operation. The investigation incorporated more than 20 agencies including local, state, and federal law enforcement as well as corporate businesses including the FBI, ATF, Homeland Security, IRS, and Virginia and Maryland State Police. Police said the suspects utilized fraudulent papers to create 29 phony businesses in the Richmond area. Those businesses were used to purchase a large amount of tax-exempt cigarettes and then they would be transported out of state and resold for a profit. The investigation encompassed over 600,000 cartons of cigarettes with an estimated value of more than $30 million.
More via Police: 43 people indicted on 743 charges related to cigarette trafficking, fraud in Va.
Police indicted
Sidi Mohamed Abdou, who was arrested,
Mohammed Abeidy
Dunaya Al Lami (arrested)
Hussein Al Ogali (arrested)
Fares Alomeri
Hussein Al-Shuwaili (arrested)
Baleegh Aly
Mahfoudh Alyine
El Mamy Beijary
Mohamed Bouke (arrested)
Adyl Bourzgui (arrested)
Mohamed Dehaye (arrested)
Soueidatt El Haimer
Ahmed El Moustapha
Mohammed Elbijiri (arrested)
Othmane Elbijiri
Ahmed Emmen
Yacoub Elalem
Ahmed Ghaly
Ahmed Haliqa (arrested)
Cheikh Jiddou
Mohammed Joumany (arrested)
Mohammed Kah (arrested)
Cheikh Kamara
Chikaly Kleibe
Mohamedou Louleid (arrested)
Zein Mahboubi
Icheibou Meine
Mohammed Mineya (arrested)
Moctar Mkhaitratt
Mahmoud Mohamed El Moctar
Baba Mohamed Labeid
Basem Noffal (arrested)
Haiba Ould Abdel Kader (arrested)
Cheikna Ould Maham
Dahi Ould
Mohamed Ouldsaleck (arrested)
Mohamed Saleck (arrested)
Mohamed Sidaty Amar (arrested)
Mohamed Sidi Ahmed (arrested)
Abdellahi Sidi Ali
Sid Tfeil, and
Al Swaiedi Hasan (arrested).
Investigators say the majority of the people are from north Africa and many are not U.S. citizens.
Police say initially 12 to 14 people were allegedly involved in a form of bank fraud called “check kiting,” the process of intentionally writing checks from bank accounts without available money. According to police, the individuals committed fraud at nine Fairfax County banks leading to a loss of $620,000.
The individuals were also allegedly establishing credit via numerous deposits and withdrawals. According to police, they rented cars from rental car companies with debit cards, but withdrew money from bank accounts once the purchase was completed, preventing the companies from collecting the payment.
Authorities later discovered that more than 80 people were linked to the banking fraud. It was also determined that most of them were part of a cigarette tax fraud and smuggling operation conducted from a home in Falls Church, Virginia home.
Police say an investigation into the illegal activity began in Jan. 2015.
Falls Church, Viriginia – aka THE WAHHABI CORRIDOR – is home to a notorious terror-mosque, 9/11 hijackers got their ID's there, Muslims in Falls Church cheered the 9/11 attacks there, bin Laden's nephew lived there and it is basically ground zero for Muslim Brotherhood infiltration in the U.S.
Cecily McMillan (via)
A member of the jury that convicted Occupy protester Cecily McMillan of felony assault against an officer yesterday now tells the Guardian they or they regret their verdict. “I'm very remorseful about it,” the unidentified juror said. “Most just wanted them to do probation, maybe some community service. But now what I'm hearing is seven years in jail? That's ludicrous. Even a year in jail is ridiculous.”
“For most of the jury, the video said it all,” the juror told the paper, referring to this grainy footage in which you can see Cecily McMillan elbow Officer Grantley Bovell (0:20). It's impossible to see in the video whether Officer Bovell violently grabbed their breast, which is what they say caused them to rear back and strike them in the face. A photo of a large bruise on their breast was also shown to the jury. In another video, bystanders recount how McMillan suffered a seizure and was unattended by police or medical personnel for several minutes.
The juror said that an immediate vote after the 12 were sent out for deliberation found they were split 9-3 in favour of convicting. After everyone watched the clip again in the jury room, the juror said, two of the three hold-outs switched to the majority, leaving only the juror who approached the Guardian in favour of acquitting the 25-year-old. Sensing “a losing battle”, the juror agreed to join them in a unanimous verdict.
However, once the trial had concluded, the jurors were allowed to conduct their own research of the case and learn about McMillan's possible sentence of seven years in prison. Once the jury saw what they had potentially sentenced them to, “they felt bad,” the juror said.
Gawker obtained a few photos of McMillan's arrest that were used as evidence. "Cecily might have thrown their elbow back in reaction to getting grabbed from behind, but I would hardly call that assault," the photographer writes. "I would call that a natural human reaction to being attacked."
During the trial, Martin Stolar, McMillan's attorney, brought up Officer Bovell's ties to the ticket-fixing scandal in the Bronx, and previous allegations that they had assaulted suspects, but Stolar says the video "is the only piece of evidence that a jury could hang its hat on.” Stolar adds, “At a quick glance without analysis, it looks like an assault. But it does not show what happened to Cecily.”
The judge denied McMillan bail until their sentencing on May 19th, and they were sent to Rikers Island until then.
A demonstration to raise awareness for Visual Effects Professionals has been scheduled.
A Facebook event page has confirmed so far: 500 will attend along with 291 maybes.
Media outlets will be attending: Fox 11, CBS 2, Variety.
@ DarbyKCRW Would like people at the # vfxprotest to talk about who they are and why they are there. Record it and send it to thebusiness@kcrw.org for the show.
Big thanks to everyone getting involved and putting this together. One person who has stood out in their efforts is Dave Rand who not only paid for a plane to circle the Oscars but was also able to get a ton of major media coverage for the event:
There is no requirement to bring anything but there have been some excellent and funny ideas for protest signs and imagery you can print out if you are interested (If you have others email me and I'll post them.):
Be safe, be courteous, be concise and on point, and best of all, have fun.
Soldier On.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Life is white. And I am black. Jesus and their lawyer are coming back.
–The Eels, from “Novocaine for the Soul,” 1996
I can't vouch for Jesus, but their lawyers might want to gear up for a potential flurry of activity in Russia. The representatives of other religions, and even atheists, might want to lawyer up as well. Why?
Let me start with my memory of a Facebook status (the quotation may be slightly inexact) posted by a Russian acquaintance at some point in mid-2012:
Who will protect my feelings as an atheist?
They wrote this in the wake of the Pussy Riot trial. As readers of Religion Dispatches will recall, on August 17, 2012, the trial itself concluded with members of the feminist punk-rock collective sentenced to two years in penal colonies for “hooliganism motivated by religious hatred.” (Samutsevich managed to be freed on probation following an appeal, while Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina remain imprisoned). According to the Levada Center, as of April, 2013, a full 56% of the Russian population agreed with the verdict—which goes some way toward demonstrating why a legislative initiative to increase protections for religious believers' feelings, introduced in September 2012, could get off the ground.
This immediate cause for my atheist acquaintance's concern about the equal protection of their own feelings is probably a good deal less familiar to Western readers than the Pussy Riot trial itself, which caused a sensation in the Western media. (In my opinion, the most nuanced coverage of the events associated with Pussy Riot can be found here, in a piece that I readily admit I wish I had written myself.)
The protection of religious believers' feelings has been enshrined in the Russian Civil Code for quite some time, but making it a criminal offense to insult the feelings of religious believers could bring with it much harsher penalties. The Russian web was abuzz with a lively discussion of this topic last fall, and as the initiative was recently passed, there is renewed interest in the Russian media and blogosphere.
Аccording to the just passed redaction of article 148 of the Russian Criminal Code, “public acts expressing manifest disrespect for society and carried out with the goal of insulting the feelings of religious believers” could bring fines of up to 300,000 rubles (over $9000) or up to a year of imprisonment, or fines of up to 500,000 rubles (over $15,000)—or up to three years in prison if the act is carried out in a place of worship or a place otherwise set aside for religious rituals or ceremonies (as was the famous Pussy Riot “punk prayer”).
This redaction was approved by Russia's higher legislative chamber, the Federation Council, on June 26, following the requisite three successful readings in the lower chamber, the State Duma. President Putin signed it into law on June 30, and it went into effect on July 1. But then something curious happened.
In an interesting twist in the discussions surrounding the legislative initiative as it went forward, the fact that the law might protect the feelings of only the four “traditional” faiths of Russia—Christianity, Islam, Judaism, and Buddhism—led to the expression of concerns about potential discrimination not only from human rights organizations, but also from Putin's cabinet. The drafters of the new redaction, and apparently the Kremlin itself, seemed at least for a time to have accepted my atheist acquaintance's reasoning with respect to the protection of their feelings.
But instead of rejecting the principles behind the law, they sought to expand its scope. For a time, revisions were reportedly underway to redact Article 148 in such a manner as to protect the feelings of atheists as well as practitioners of both “traditional” and “non-traditional” faiths. At the end of the day, the redaction that was passed omitted any distinction between “traditional” and “non-traditional” faiths, but it also omitted any mention of atheists. The Russian web and blogosphere has continued to discuss the potential need to protect the rights of atheists, but whether discussions about further revising Article 148 are ongoing among legislators is unclear. A new redaction does not seem likely to pass any time soon.
How the current redaction will work in practice is anyone's guess, but it seems likely to lead to a less open climate for public discourse. It may also dovetail with rising Russian homophobia and legal persecution of the LGBTQ community, a frightening development.
Personally, I appreciate and enjoy the radically liberal American approach to free speech, including the right to blaspheme—which is of course not to say that to do so is always wise or tasteful. But, as retired history professor Anthony Edmonds of Ball State University used to quip in the classroom, a historian's favorite hand is “the other hand.” For better or for worse, I am professionally trained as a historian. Thus, despite my respect for American-style free speech, I recognize that some states have crafted social contracts that accept greater limitations on speech than we do in the US, in order to protect other democratic values.
As both classic liberal and communitarian theorists recognize, fundamental modern democratic values such as liberty and equality can come into conflict, requiring a careful balancing act that should derive from public debate and consensus.
Pluralism, a fundamental condition of modern existence, is managed by different states and societies in different ways. The current Russian initiative on the protection of believers' feelings may be shaped to some extent by an imperial history involving centuries of ‘actually existing pluralism,', which is certainly the source of Russia's conception of its four “traditional” confessions. But the new initiative is in fact not so different in form from the laws of some other modern states.
Israel, Poland, and even Finland and Germany are among the countries in which blasphemy, offense of religious believers' feelings, and/or the defamation of religion can lead to prison time .
The laws in these countries are not just dead-letter relics, but are sometimes enforced. For example, in 2006, a German court handed down a one-year suspended prison sentence and 300 hours of community service for the offense of printing the word “Koran” on toilet paper, while a 2008 case in Finland led to a two-year prison sentence. Amusingly enough, there is also a 2005-2007 British analogue of sorts to the much more recent, and more quickly resolved, Russian kerfuffle over “Jesus Christ, Superstar.” One should take such facts into consideration in order to avoid responding to the current Russian situation in an uninformed, Russophobic way.
On the other other hand, many Western liberals have put forth sharp and reasoned critiques of blasphemy laws. Paul Sturges, for example, made the following conclusion about the case of Greece:
“Complaints leading to prosecution under Article 199 seem to have always concerned the Orthodox Church rather than the other tolerated religions. These blasphemy laws in Greece effectively serve the purpose of integrating church and state and have been used to the detriment of free speech and cultural manifestations on a regular basis.”
Unfortunately, a similar outcome in Russia does not seem unlikely. The law could certainly be applied unevenly. According to Shamil Kashaf's recent presentation at the conference “The Varieties of Russian Modernity,” hosted by my employer, the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA), Russian Muslims already feel marginalized in public discourse relative to the ROC. In addition, like US Muslims, Russian Muslims frequently encounter resistance to efforts to construct new mosques.
There is also the concern that the Russian legislative initiative to protect all believers' feelings might lead, in the face of uncertainty over how it will be applied, to a general chilling effect on public discourse with respect to religion and state.
In a recent Facebook post, the prominent Russian scholar and commentator on religious matters Dmitry Uzlaner put it this way (my translation, quoted with permission):
“The result will be some sort of religious zoo. Don't annoy the tiger. Don't feed the elephant candy. Don't knock on the glass, don't bother the mouse. All that remains is to walk among the enclosures taking pictures without a flash. And scholars, evidently, will have to master the tenderly touching intonation of [host of the Russian television show “In the World of Animals”] Nikolai Drozdov and the affected face expression: ‘And those Buddhists, just look how lovely they are…'”
Uzlaner has a point. (Full disclosure: they are my colleague in work on the RANEPA-published religious studies journal State, Religion and Church in Russia and Worldwide). The fundamental fact remains that adherents of different religions hold to contradictory truth claims, and while most educated people would surely agree with the goal of establishing a just society in which they could all, by and large, “just get along,” a too strict or too strictly enforced law on the offense of religious believers' feelings could potentially hinder interreligious dialogue, critical thinking, scholarship, and teaching.
A sociologist of religion, for example, is going to examine a religion in social scientific terms that may by their very nature be offensive to some adherents who cannot abide examining their own tradition from an outside, scholarly point of view.
Do they then get to sue over the offense of their feelings by methods of inquiry universally recognized by scholars as legitimate?
If some religious believers are insulted by the expression of atheistic views, and atheists are insulted (as they should be) if told to keep quiet, whose feelings trump whose? When and where the line is crossed from legitimate investigation or criticism into “extremism” or “insulting the feelings of religious believers” is an important question—and in the Russian case we have precious little to go on by way of an answer. What we do have is less than encouraging. Enshrining these concerns into law, of course, makes the state the final arbiter of the question. Despite the existence of such laws in some modern Western democracies, it is reasonable to ask whether such a move is wise.
We will have to watch how events unfold in Russia. Raising concerns about potential problems with the law is sensible, and one might hope that the public expression of such concerns will reduce instances of abuse in the eventual application of the law. But one should evaluate the legislative initiative in a broader European and global context along with the specifically Russian context. The fact is that there are real problems to be solved in modern societies with respect to multiculturalism, toleration and coexistence, and different societies have to work within their own systems to seek solutions.
As an American liberal torn between some of the philosophical premises of classic liberalism and those of the communitarian critique of liberalism, I appreciate the classic US approach to free speech while recognizing that it cannot immediately be exported as one-size-fits-all.
Still, I remain opposed in principle to prison time for blasphemy as such (that is, apart from other aggravating circumstances such as, say, direct incitement of violence against members of a religious group). I would caution against undue alarmism, but I do take seriously the negative potential of the Russian legislative initiative to protect people's religious feelings.
Hot trend alert: laps.
So, Razer just started shipping its Turret lapboard, which combines a wireless keyboard, mouse, and mousepad into one slick slab for gamers who like couches. Not to be outdone, Corsair has now released its own lapboard, and it's kind of crazy. Instead of having a built-in keyboard, the Lapdog just has a huge cavity for holding a Corsair mechanical keyboard, and it has a built-in USB 3.0 hub for plugging in your mouse, keyboard, and other accessories. Underneath the Lapdog is memory foam, to cushion and stabilize the weight of this monstrous contraption.
The advantage of Corsair's approach over Razer's is obvious: you can use a real gaming keyboard, and your USB mouse of choice, on your lap while sitting on a couch. The downside is also obvious: your lap is going to get really warm, as AnandTech found out in its review. Also, the Lapdog costs $119.99 as an empty shell, without a keyboard and mouse. So that's crazy.
Oh well, the price of progress. Bring on the lapboards.
Todoist allows you to use an existing project as a template – saving the project out to a CSV file that can then be re-imported.
If you fall behind with adding tasks to Todoist or are passed a task list from another system, this same CSV import technique can be a great way of quickly creating a large number of tasks.
The CSV file format supports the addition of notes, indenting of tasks, and setting of priorities and schedules.
However, with the only way of creating a template being to add tasks to Todoist to start with, the utility of this function is somewhat limited.
Enter the Todoist Project Template Creator
I created the Todoist Project Template Creator to bridge the gap between a system that can produce a plain-text output (including a human entering tasks into a text file) and Todoist.
Using a simple mark-up format, the Todoist Project Template Creator converts your plain-text data into a CSV file that can be imported into Todoist.
To run the app, visit Todoist Project Template Creator
What's supported?
The following features are supported:
Tasks Sub-tasks, up to level 5 (the deepest Todoist can go) Notes
What's on the Roadmap?
Once Todd Gurley was indefinitely suspended on Oct. 9, for allegedly accepting money from memorabilia brokers their Heisman Trophy chances took a considerable hit.
Despite leading the SEC in rushing at the time of their suspension (and they still are No. 1) with 773 rushing yards and eight touchdowns, the majority of media members deemed the time missed by the star junior running back too significant to still be a viable Heisman Trophy candidate.
However, ESPN's Kirk Herbstreit sees everything much differently.
In an interview with Chip Towers of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Herbstreit said they won't factor in Gurley's eligibility issue against them if returns soon for the Bulldogs.
“Not at all,” Herbstreit said to the AJC. “If they were to come back and dominate — what was they averaging, 8 yards a carry? — no I wouldn't.”
If Gurley returns by the Florida game, that means they would have five games, including a marquee matchup against Auburn, to make a statement to Heisman Trophy voters.
For Herbstreit, as long as Georgia keeps winning and Gurley is on the field contributing in a major way, they see no reason why Gurley shouldn't still receive serious consideration for college football's most prestigious individual award.
RELATED: The Chubb Factor: Georgia's not-so-secret rookie wheels better than Gurley?
“The big thing is Georgia's got to keep winning,” Herbstreit explained. “If the keep winning, they have one loss… and they continue to be a dominant force, especially in a game like Auburn and then an SEC championship game… it'd be hard to imagine not being in the thick of things for the Heisman Trophy.”
“Me personally, with my one vote, I'd have no issue at all giving them that opportunity if they come back.”
Herbstreit's take on Gurley's consideration for the Heisman Trophy certainly goes against popular opinion. Not often does a player still have a chance to win the award after missing two games during the season, especially if those two games are due to eligibility issues.
Georgia legend Herschel Walker took the opposite stance of Herbstreit when the former running back made an appearance on The Paul Finebaum Show last Thursday. In fact, Gurley's off-the-field issues are a big reason why Walker's vote as a former Heisman Trophy winner would not go to the star running back of their alma mater.
“Being an athlete is more than just playing the game. Being an athlete is about doing more,” Walker said. “Right at this moment, I cannot give Gurley my vote. If they come back and I see a change then, that vote can be there. But at this time today, I cannot give them my vote.”
The length of Gurley's suspension remains indefinite as the NCAA's investigation into the matter is still ongoing. It's hard to imagine, however, Gurley remaining a serious contender for the Heisman Trophy if they miss any more games for the Bulldogs.
UGA is on a bye this week before traveling to Jacksonville, Fla., to take on the Florida Gators on Nov. 1.
Actor Zach Braff on Saturday suggested Alec Baldwin do their impression of President Trump at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner after Trump announced they wouldn't be attending.
"Alec Baldwin time to suit up," Braff, known for "Scrubs" and "Garden State" tweeted.
"I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!" Trump announced earlier in the evening.
ADVERTISEMENT
Presidents usually attend the dinner, which typically includes the discussion of political journalism as well as some lighthearted joking about both the press and the president. The last president to skip the event was Ronald Reagan in 1981, as we are recovering from an assassination attempt.
This year, the event is planned for April 29.
Braff wasn't the only person to suggest Baldwin, who has become the go to "Saturday Night Live" Trump impersonator, stand in for the president at the White House Correspondents' Dinner:
Email from a viewer: "PLEASE, please, have Alec Baldwin invited to the White House Correspondents dinner since Trump is not going..." — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 25, 2017
The White House Correspondents Association should just invite @AlecBaldwin to take Trump's place at the #WHCD. — TheCyber (@MDemaske) February 25, 2017
Santos coach Muricy Ramalho has revealed that they dream about having Diego, Robinho and Kaka in the squad.
The Brazilian giants have stayed without key midfielder Paulo Henrique Ganso, who made a switch to São Paulo, and are now eager to reinforce the squad.
The Peixe have been linked with a number of Brazilian players plying their trade in Europe, namely Diego, Robinho and Kaka.
Santos boss Muricy Ramalho now confirms the club are interested in the star trio.
“They are important players with a lot of prestige, but anything is possible,” Ramalho said at a press conference.
“Who could imagine that Ganso would be paid so much? Anything is possible now. Today, Brazilian football is very strong economically.”
Both Diego and Robinho began their careers at Santos and formed an excellent partnership at the time, while they also hinted they could return to the club at one point in the future.
Real Madrid playmaker Kaka, on the other hand, is available for sale, but Santos chiefs will have to delve deep into their pockets in order to sign the experienced midfielder.
On Sunday, President Barack Obama traveled to Afghanistan to do a photo op with the troops amid fallout from the burgeoning Veterans Administration scandal. Announcing their visit, the White House promptly released a list of guests, including the name of the top CIA officer in Afghanistan. That officer is responsible for intelligence and drone warfare. The information was sent to over 6,000 email addresses.
Oops.
This is not the first time the Obama administration has compromised national security with leaks, either purposeful or inadvertent.
SEAL Team Six. After the killing of Osama Bin Laden, the Obama administration steadfastly refused to say which element of the US military had participated in the assault. Until Vice President Joe Biden decided to talk about it on national television, that is. Speaking at Washington's Ritz Carlton Hotel in the days after the Bin Laden kill, Biden stated, “Admiral James Stavridis is the real deal. They can tell you more about and understands the incredible, the phenomenal, the just almost unbelievable capacity of their Navy SEALs and what they did last Saturday… I was in absolute awe of the capacity and the dedication of the entire team, both the intelligence community, the CIA, the SEALs.”
This put a target on the backs of the SEALs. That target came with consequences, when a SEAL team helicopter was downed in Afghanistan, killing 17.
Al Qaeda Tapes. On August 3, 2013, the Obama administration closed 22 embassies around the world based on intelligence supposedly received about potential al Qaeda attacks. That drew blowback thanks to the juxtaposition of the closings with news of the National Security Agency surveillance of Americans. Then, on August 7, 2013, Eli Lake and Josh Rogin of the Daily Beast reported that the Obama administration had taped a conference call with al Qaeda and revealed details of that call – details that CNN had not released after a “request from an Obama administration official not to publish or broadcast additional details because of the sensitivity of the information.”
Al Qaeda Message Boards. The following week, on August 14, the Associated Press quoted “intelligence officials” to the effect that the government had been monitoring chat rooms and message boards – leaks that could undermine the future of US surveillance of al Qaeda. The AP report specifically noted that the surveillance used was linked to the NSA: “Exactly how U.S. spy systems picked up the latest threat is classified… Intelligence officials have suggested that the plot was detected, in part at least, through NSA surveillance programs that have been under harsh worldwide criticism for privacy intrusions in the name of national security.”
The Obama administration, which has a strong habit of prosecuting leakers, did nothing about these leaks. Why? Because they justified the closings of the embassies, as well as the NSA surveillance.
The Obama Kill List. In May 2012, the New York Times featured the inside scoop about President Obama's kill list. In the midst of a re-election cycle in which Obama was being excoriated for weakness on terrorism, the Times quoted Obama and dozens of aides about the president's tough guy decisions to take out terrorists. Those quoted included National Security Advisor Thomas Donilon, who stated, “He is determined that they will make these decisions about how far and wide these operations will go… Their view is that he's responsible for the position of the United States in the world.” Even Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) thought this leak was over the top: “It's dismayed our allies. It puts American lives in jeopardy. It puts our nation's security in jeopardy.”
Leaking crucial national security information is nothing new for this administration. But leaks have consequences.
Ben Shapiro is Senior Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left's Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).  They are also Editor-in-Chief of TruthRevolt.org. Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro.
Many Arabs have an alternative theory about the reason for the region's backwardness: Western colonialism. But that seems equally specious and has the sequencing wrong. “For all its discontents, the Middle East's colonial period brought fundamental transformation, not stagnation; rising literacy and education, not spreading ignorance; and enrichment at unprecedented rates, not immiserization,” writes Timur Kuran, a Duke University economic historian, in a meticulously researched new book, “The Long Divergence: How Islamic Law Held Back the Middle East.”
Photo
Professor Kuran's book offers the best explanation yet for why the Middle East has lagged. After poring over ancient business records, Professor Kuran persuasively argues that what held the Middle East back wasn't Islam as such, or colonialism, but rather various secondary Islamic legal practices that are no longer relevant today.
It's a sophisticated argument that a column can't do justice to, but for example, one impediment was inheritance law. Western systems most commonly passed all property intact to the eldest son, thus preserving large estates. In contrast, Islamic law stipulated a much fairer division of assets (including some to daughters), but this meant that large estates fragmented. One upshot was that private capital accumulation faltered and couldn't support major investments to usher in an industrial revolution.
Professor Kuran also focuses on the Islamic partnership, which tended to be the vehicle for businesses. Islamic partnerships dissolved whenever any member died, and so they tended to include only a few partners — making it difficult to compete with European industrial and financial corporations backed by hundreds of shareholders.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The emergence of banks in Europe led long-term British interest rates to drop by two-thirds leading up to the Industrial Revolution. No such drop occurred in the Arab world until the colonial period.
These traditional impediments are no longer a problem in the 21st century. Muslim countries now have banks, corporations, and stock and bond markets, and inheritance law now isn't an obstacle to capital accumulation. So if Professor Kuran's diagnosis is correct, that should bode well for the region — and Turkey's boom in recent years underscores the potential for a renaissance.
Yet one challenge is psychological. Many Arabs blame outsiders for their backwardness, and cope by rejecting modernity and the outside world. It's a disgrace that an area that once produced outstanding science and culture (giving us words like algebra) now is an educational underachiever, especially for girls.
The crisis in the Arab world provides a chance for a new start. I hope we'll have some tough, honest conversations on all sides about what went wrong — as a starting point for a new and more hopeful trajectory.
The Muslim Brotherhood has often used the slogan, “Islam is the solution.” And to the West, the unstated feeling upon looking across the bleak Middle East landscape has often been: “Islam is the problem.” Professor Kuran's research suggests that, at least looking forward, the more correct view is: Islam isn't the problem and it isn't the solution, it's simply a religion — meaning that the break is over, there are no excuses, and it's time to move forward again.
Amid rising concern about the prevalence of rape at colleges nationwide, a Washington-based digital education company has founded an initiative to expand its sexual-assault-prevention programs to 1,300 campuses and higher education institutions.
EverFi, an education technology company whose investors include Amazon.com's Jeffrey P. Bezos (who also owns The Washington Post), Google's Eric Schmidt and Twitter's Evan Williams, announced Thursday the acquisition of LawRoom for an undisclosed amount to form one of the largest online learning platforms in the country.
The Campus Prevention Network, a joint effort by EverFi and LawRoom subsidiary CampusClarity, will provide online informational training programs on sexual violence prevention, consent and bystander intervention to 5 million students, faculty and staff beginning this fall on campuses including Georgetown University, Princeton University, Stanford University, the University of Michigan, the University of Virginia and Virginia Tech.
[He said it was consensual. They said they blacked out. UVa had to decide.]
In all, the expanded company will provide 3,300 businesses, colleges and Greek organizations with educational programs that will also include alcohol-abuse prevention and personal finance best practices.
“Whether for a student on a college campus or an employee in a corporation, innovative and proven digital education can help shape how we engage learners to prevent sexual violence and harassment,” EverFi chief executive Tom Davidson said in a statement. “We now have an opportunity to welcome every campus and employer into our magnified network and truly tackle these issues at scale.”
EverFi's sexual-assault-prevention module, known as Haven, provides students with an interactive learning environment to follow realistic scenarios to determine possible “red flags” in behavior.
The emphasis is on alerting people to problematic behavior before assault occurs, rather than on how to prosecute and punish assault and treat victims after the violence happens.
“Everybody has been focused on the response side of campus sexual assault,” said Tammy Wincup, the chief operating officer for EverFi. “We are giving magnitude and scale to the prevention side.”
[After Stanford, let's hail the men who protect instead of prey]
Wincup described the prominence of sexual assault on college campuses as a “national tragedy” and said that EverFi aims to provide students with training to prevent future attacks.
“We know it's happening, and we've given voice to it. But we have to actually give bystanders and the rest of the students, faculty and staff true education about how to think about this and how to talk about this,” Wincup said.
Such “taboo topics,” they said, “needed a national, scalable, approach.”
Cinder: roman, how could you have lost neo?
Roman: I don't know, they were right behind me one second and then the next they disappeared! I spent hours trying to find her! please, have mercy!
Neo: hello everyone! I'm back!
Cinder: neo! your back! are you okay? are you hurt?
Neo: I'm fine, thanks to the BIG BEAR GUY, they looked after me!
Everyone: PEDO-BEAR!? <(o0o)>
I think it's understandable without dialogue but a few ppl asked me to put one up, I'm not sure if they wanted the dialogue actually in the comic of just here in the description. so I'll just put in here for now.everyone: big bear guy?so this idea kind of came from real life, I had a friend who was about 5'2ish and another friend who was 6'2ish and my shorter friend would describe my taller friend as a "Big Bear Guy" soooo I thought that's what neo might describe yatsuhashi...though I personally think "The Green Giant" fits yatsuhashi much better, but then I can't lead into the punch line, that being pedo bear; since...well let's face it a bear hanging out with a little kid, the first thing we all probably think of is pedo bear.and I'm pretty sure that you all will notice something...weird in panel 5, the reason for that was I originally planned to put Bear Grylls( en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear_Gry… ) there but it appears that I'm not really good at drawing realistically will a pen so I decide to(digitally)draw higashizawa( twewy.wikia.com/wiki/Yodai_Hig… ) instead and I didn't colour it cuz I think it'll look even more weird.not much else to say, I'll try to have something for next week but with spring classes starting I might not have time or be in the mood to draw as much. but like I said I'll do my best, so until then, enjoy.next part: Rwby - Eyes of Neo 005 previous part: Rwby - Eyes Of Neo 003 rwby is by roosterteethpokemon is by nintendo and/or game freak(plz let me know if this is wrong)paper mario which is also by nintendoyogi is by hanna-barabera productions(again let me know if this is incorrect)fnaf is by scott cawthonthe world ends with you is by square enixand pedo is by.........the internet(?)
UFO Sighting Over Nuclear Reactor
Hanford, Washington
July 1945
Grumman F6F Hellcat With the permission of the writer, Byron D. Varner, of the privately published book Living on the Edge: An American war hero's daring feats as a Navy fighter pilot, civilian test pilot, and CIA mercenary, and interviews with the author and principal, Rolan D. Powell by Walt Andrus, the following article was composed. Mr. Varner served as a Navy Public Affairs Officer during the last thirteen years of their naval career. "There are old pilots and there are bold pilots, but there are no old, bold pilots." The U.S. Navy used slogans like these to emphasize the importance of flight safety when Byron D. Varner was an aviation cadet during World War II. That particular one stayed embedded in their mind through out their flying experience because they saw many would-be heroes kill themselves trying to be bold pilots. Mr. Varner hadn't thought of this slogan for a long time until they met Rolan D. Powell, the only "old" pilot they ever knew who totally disproved it. Mr. Powell retired as a Lt. Cdr. USNR after not only serving in World War II aboard the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Yorktown, but also in Korea and Vietnam on other assignments. On November 29,1996, Rolan celebrated their seventieth birthday. The following narrative begins on page 72 of the Varner/Powell book. Their parents are relieved to learn that Rolan will be at Naval Air Station, Pasco, Washington, for the next few months. They try not to think about theirs going back to the war zone, and make them promise to come home as often as possible on weekends. Several former shipmates arrive at NAS Pasco when they do, along with a number of new pilots untested by war. The Navy selected them to form a new air group and prepare for carrier operations in the Pacific. Rolan looks forward to imparting their expertise to the new pilots recently out of flight training. It will require daily practice in air tactics, maneuvers, bombing, strafing, dog fighting, gunnery, and other tricks of the trade necessary for air combat. A lot of flying. For certain they will try to impress upon them the importance of survival tactics. The base has another mission for the experienced pilots, as well. About 60 miles away stands the Hanford plant, its atomic activities known to only a very few. These battle-scarred veterans are to protect that plant in the event of an air attack. Although they don't know what this is all about, they will follow orders, as military people are taught.
Rolan Powell as a McDonnell
Douglas test pilot The standby aircraft are always armed and ready to defend the plant, although few pilots seriously believe it will ever come under enemy attack, given the current state of Japan's diminishing effectiveness. But, like the shark attack that Rolan never expected to face, an air emergency does occur. It is noon time, and no planes are in the air. The bullhorn's jarring sound of General Quarters sends the pilots rushing to the ready room for a quick briefing and on to the aircraft for immediate takeoff. Radar had detected a fast-moving object that is now in a holding pattern directly above the Hanford plant. It is extremely high and Rolan can't see it at first. As they rapidly increase altitude the pilots all spot it at about the same time and head directly for its position. None of them can recognize it, but they can see it well from their vantage point. It has a saucer-like appearance, is bright, extremely fast, and very high. The F6F has an operating ceiling of 37,000 feet, but on this day they exceed that considerably and still can't get close enough. "What the hell is that?" one pilot yells over the radio. "Nothing I've ever seen before," answer another. Rolan calls the base to report the situation. They tell them to go higher. "If we go much higher we can ruin these engines." "Blow the engines if you have to, but useful military power, full throttle injection, maximum, continuous. Go for it!" Rolan wonders what the pilots will do when the engines quit and the tower operator tells them to "glide back towards the airport and hope that you make it." Even with the emergency settings, the F6F can't get close enough to determine the exact nature of this object. It doesn't make any overt moves, gives no signals, just hovers there as if observing, staying well enough out of reach. The pilots can't believe its ability to hover like this. When some of the engines begin to fail, and fuel consumption gets critical, the planes return to base one by one, and the strange craft disappears as quickly as it came. It doesn't return. Although a number of people witness this incident, the local newspaper carries no report of it in the days that follow. Rolan can only surmise that the government stepped in and clamped a lid on the whole affair, according to war security measures. After this episode, the pilots return to their normal routine of getting ready for combat. To obtain more details on this pre Kenneth Arnold sighting and how such events were treated during World War II, Walt Andrus interviewed Rolan Powell, who now resides in Round Rock, Texas, with their lovely wife Donna. The six F6F "Hellcats" made visual contact with the object described by Rolan as the size of three aircraft carriers side by side, oval shaped, very streamlined like a stretched-out egg and pinkish in color. Rolan reported that some kind of vapor was being emitted around the outside edges from portholes or vents. They speculated that the vapor was being discharged to form a cloud for disguise. The object was observed at noon in a clear sky at an estimated altitude of 65,000 feet. Rolan and their fellow pilots pushed their F6Fs to 42,000 feet, which was well above the aircraft's rated ceiling of 37,000, but they were unsuccessful in making contact with this large unknown craft above them. After hovering in a fixed position above the Hanford Nuclear Reactor for an additional twenty minutes, the object disappeared going straight-up as the six Hellcats limped back to the Pasco Naval Air Station (Washington). Mr. Powell does not know where the other five pilots now live or their full names. The squadron consisted of 12 veteran fighter pilots, survivors from a former squadron of 45 called Air Group III aboard the second U.S.S. Yorktown, fondly known as "The Fighting Lady." When quizzed about the exact date of the sighting, Rolan didn't have their flight log available as a reference, but estimated that it was six weeks before the Japanese surrendered aboard the Battleship Missouri in Tokyo Bay on September 2, 1945. This would place the sighting during the middle of July 1945. Library research disclosed that the Hanford Engineering Works Plant (Richland, Washington) was actually a large plutonium-production facility constructed adjacent to the Columbia River, using the water to cool the reactor piles. Opening for operation in September 1944, the Hanford site was a Fast Flux Test Facility (FFTF) to provide material for producing atomic bombs. This ultimately led to the dropping of bombs over Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, and Nagasaki, on August 9. Hostilities ceased on August 14, 1945. It is conceivable that unidentified flying objects may have had an interest in our nuclear energy program in 1945. Now, Rolan and their fellow Navy fighter pilots know what they were guarding at Hanford, which at that time was part of the ultra-secret Manhattan Project. Rolan D. Powell, Byron D. Varner, Walter Andrus
Source: MUJ-344
A message on the corner of Avondale Avenue and Market Street in South Youngstown, Ohio. (Dustin Franz/For The Washington Post)
President Trump escaped the roiling turmoil of Washington on Tuesday evening — leaving behind the chaotic effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, the intensifying Russia investigation and their latest staff shake-up — to rally with their supporters in this former steel town.
“I was looking at some of those big, once incredible job-producing factories. And my wife, Melania, said, ‘What happened?' I said, ‘Those jobs have left Ohio,' ” Trump said to a cheering audience of several thousand. “They're all coming back. . . . We're going to fill up those factories or rip 'em down and build brand-new ones. That's what's going to happen.”
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Trump's simplistic view of this city, located in what was once known as “Steel Valley,” is stuck in time. Youngstown suffered closures of steel mills in the 1970s and '80s that laid off thousands, tanked the local economy and led to a mass exodus of residents. But the region has evolved significantly since then, and few say they expect Trump to revive the steel industry here as they have promised.
Instead, those living in Youngstown and its suburbs are worried about health care, the schools their children and grandchildren attend, the opioid crisis that now kills more Ohioans than car crashes, the care of military veterans, and the region's overall economy — access to full-time, good-paying jobs in place of the ones their parents and grandparents once had in the mills.
In interviews with dozens of local residents, both liberals and conservatives said Trump has not accomplished as much as they had expected by now — something that many of Trump's supporters blame fully on Congress.
“It just seems like no one can get on the same page there, not even the Republicans,” said John Morris, 63, a postmaster who lives in the suburb of Canfield and attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel Basilica's Italian festival on the edge of downtown Friday.
Mahoning County Republican Party Chairman Mark Munroe and Vice Chairman Tracey Winbush reach out to supporters about VIP tickets for Tuesday's rally. (Dustin Franz/For The Washington Post)
Morris grew up in a Democratic family but has voted for Republicans for about two decades. They voted for Trump, despite their flaws, they said, because they hoped an outsider could change how Washington operates.
“It hasn't changed,” they said. “We thought things might be different. . . . We thought they would be a lot further along than they are right now, but we didn't know how many walls would go up.”
Morris said that it is up to Republicans to find a replacement for the Affordable Care Act, especially now that they control Congress and the White House — and that not doing anything is not acceptable. As they spoke, one of their friends, who reluctantly voted for Hillary Clinton, jumped in to say that he's frustrated that no Democrats are willing to break with leadership to work with Republicans on health care.
Morris mostly watches Fox News Channel, along with the nightly newscasts on the major networks. They don't understand the breathless obsession with examining every tiny connection between Trump and Russia.
“I still haven't heard anything as far as collusion,” they said. “Whatever comes out, comes out — but it has been six months. It has been six months, and I haven't seen anything yet. I don't think anything more is going to come out.”
(Reuters)
Youngstown is located in Mahoning County, which voted for Richard Nixon in 1972 but has sided with Democratic presidential candidates ever since. Last year, a wave of Democrats changed their party registrations, and there's still a sign up on Route 7, next to a gun and ammunition shop, that says: “Cross over. Vote Trump.” Clinton eked out a win here, earning 49.9 percent of votes to Trump's 46.6 percent, but Trump's strong showing was considered a victory in itself.
Trump also won the two neighboring counties in Ohio's Steel Valley, which is now called Mahoning Valley: Trumbull County to the north, which hadn't voted for a Republican since Nixon, and Columbiana County to the south, which has mostly voted Republican for years.
Mahoning Valley is home to cities such as Youngstown that have struggled with poverty and crime, but also to suburbs filled with moderately priced homes and historic mansions with sprawling lawns, big-box stores and chain restaurants with packed parking lots, upscale fitness studios, retirement communities, drug detox centers, and grocery stores offering both dirt-cheap deals and large displays of organic produce. There are quaint downtowns, food trucks, summer festivals, locally owned coffee shops, luxury apartments in renovated historic buildings, outdoor jazz concerts and farmers markets.
A reflection off a storefront window in downtown Youngstown. (Dustin Franz/For The Washington Post)
Some of the largest employers in the Youngstown area are local governments, Youngstown State University, and a major hospital and health-care companies that probably would suffer under the GOP's proposed cuts. Up the road in Lordstown is a General Motors plant that produces the Chevrolet Cruze, but it has laid off hundreds of workers and recently shut down for five weeks because the model isn't selling well.
To Trump, this part of America is still covered with “rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape,” as they put it in a speech to Congress earlier this year.
“It's a sad remembrance of what the valley used to be,” said Deborah Anderson-Timar, 59, an accountant and Trump supporter living in the Youngstown suburbs whose father once worked in the industry. They appreciate that Trump sees how difficult life has been for communities like hers.
Youngstown has half the population now that it did in the 1960s, and the city in recent years has been tearing down abandoned factories, stores and homes. Although the suburbs are predominantly white, more than 45 percent of Youngstown's 64,000 residents are African American and 9 percent are Hispanic. More than 38 percent of residents live in poverty, and state authorities have taken over the city's failing school system.
Jonathan Stevenson, 26, who lives on Youngstown's impoverished south side, excitedly voted for Barack Obama twice but sat this election out. Although they thought Obama did the best they could and enacted a number of reforms, Stevenson said, they didn't see much change in their neighborhood.
“The stuff they say they need to fix, they don't fix,” said Stevenson, who spent most of their life in foster care and now works part-time at a call center and studies business administration at the local community college. “The only way we're going to change things is everyone coming together, because a president can't do everything.”
Stevenson, who doesn't have health insurance, said they don't understand why Republicans want to cut Medicaid and other health-care programs that help not only their neighbors but also those across the valley.
“It's like water, gas and electricity — if you don't give people the initial stuff to live, you don't know who is a failure and who is a diamond in the rough,” they said over an early lunch in a suburban mall food court.
A new grass-roots coalition called Valley Voices United for Change pushed city leaders in Youngstown and Warren, a city in Trumbull County, to pass resolutions opposing the Republican health-care plan, which they argue will lead to a drop not only in the number of people who are insured but also in the number of health-care-related jobs. Sweeping proposed cuts to Medicaid would also be a major setback for local opioid treatment centers that have seen a rush in new patients who gained health insurance coverage when Medicaid expanded in Ohio.
Jeff Schroeder, 59, and their wife Kathy, 64, enjoy ice cream in the back of their pickup truck in a parking lot in Canfield, Ohio. (Dustin Franz/For The Washington Post)
Rep. Tim Ryan, a Democrat who represents the area, said that he's tired of Trump name-dropping Youngstown without doing anything to help the city.
“He's a great marketer, and they try to use [Youngstown] as the kind of city to paint a picture about why people should support them and vote for him,” Ryan said. “The reality is: People are waiting for them to do something for our area, and they have not done anything that they said that they were going to do.”
Elsewhere in the Youngstown area, longtime residents say they voted for Trump because they wanted to try something different, even if it doesn't end up working.
James Barkett, 65, a chaplain and counselor for the Mahoning County Juvenile Justice Center who once worked in the health-care industry, considers themselves a centrist and believes in investing in social programs. They voted for Ronald Reagan in the 1980s, Bill Clinton in the 1990s, and Trump in November because they were “the lesser of two evils” and offered a different approach.
“It's the same rhetoric every four years, and that's what people are tired of,” they said. “They're tired of hearing the same thing: ‘Oh, we need health care, we need jobs, we need better education.' Well, then, do it. Quit talking about it, and do it — and I think that's where Youngstown finally woke up and said: ‘You know what, you guys? You've been Democratic strongholds for however many elections. We're going to try the other side for once and see how it's going.'”
Festivalgoers enjoy the last day of the Lady of Mount Carmel Italian festival in downtown Youngstown on July 23. (Dustin Franz/For The Washington Post)
Barkett's brother-in-law is David Betras, chairperson of the county's Democratic Party, who sent the Clinton campaign a memo in May 2016 warning that their message was not resonating in the Rust Belt.
The tightknit family loves discussing politics, but they have learned that even among themselves, there's a need to fully hear one another out, said Barkett's youngest son, Ernie. After protesting at some of Trump's other rallies, they planned to attend Tuesday's event and soak up the experience that won over so many of their relatives and neighbors.
“You don't have to agree with them — but you do need to understand them,” said Ernie Barkett, 21, a senior at Youngstown State University who was a delegate for Bernie Sanders at the Democratic National Convention last summer. “I've tried to tone it down, to stop doing the ‘Ha-ha, I told you so.' The conversation always ends when you start to do that.”
Pope Francis echoed a popular progressive talking point on Monday when they questioned whether President Trump can really be considered “pro-life” due to their stance on immigration.
“I have heard the President of the United States speak,” the pope said aboard the papal plane, the National Catholic Reporter “I have heard the President of the United States speak,” the pope said aboard the papal plane, the National Catholic Reporter reported . “He presents themselves as a pro-life man. If they are a good pro-lifer, they should understand that the family is the cradle of life and you must defend its unity.”
The pontiff was responding to a question from a Mexican reporter about Mr. Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, known as DACA, which granted a two-year stay of deportation to illegal immigrants who were brought to the country as children.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the policy will be phased out over the next six months because there is no way to defend the constitutionality of the Obama-era program in court.
“Such an open-ended circumvention of immigration laws was an unconstitutional exercise of authority by the executive branch,” Mr. Sessions said Tuesday at the Justice Department.
Mr. Trump directed Congress to devise a legislative solution that would “work out very well” for the DACA recipients, also known as “Dreamers.'
Francis acknowledged that they had not studied the particulars of DACA, but said “removing young people from their family is not a thing that bears good fruit, neither for the young person nor the family.”
“Young people today need to re-find their roots,” the pontiff said. “And anything that goes against this robs them of hope.”
This isn't the first time that the pope has questioned the sincerity of Mr. Trump's beliefs. Last year, they said a person “who thinks only about building walls” and not “building bridges is not a Christian.”
The president called those comments “disgraceful” at the time.
In the interview aboard the papal plane on Monday, Francis also said political leaders have a “moral responsibility” to cut carbon emissions in order to prevent climate change.
“If someone is a bit doubtful … ask the scientists,” the pope said in response to a question about the recent natural disasters. “They are very clear. They are not opinions on the fly. They are very clear. Then, decide and history will judge the decisions.”
Asked why political leaders have not done more to curb carbon emissions so far, Francis paraphrased a passage from the Old Testament.
“A stubborn [animal] that does not see,” the pope said, NCR reported. “The human is stupid, the Bible says. When it does not want to see, it does not see. It sees only a part.”
LOAD COMMENTS ( )
HIDE COMMENTS
On the eve of a new administration that has promised more aggressive counterterrorism operations, the Obama White House has released a lengthy compendium of its own policies governing the use of force.
The 61-page document outlines eight years of the administration's legal opinions, executive orders and military directives. In a strong defense of the administration's actions, it lists rules for lethal drones and terrorist detention and describes the international and domestic law that undergirds them.
Such rules are important to reduce “the risk of an ill-considered decision,” President Obama wrote in an introduction to the document. When making policy on war and peace, they wrote, it was critical to disclose “as much information as possible to the public . . . so that an informed public can scrutinize our actions and hold us to account.”
Obama said that, together with the report, they were issuing a presidential memorandum “that encourages future Administrations to build on this report and carry forward the principles of transparency it represents.” The memorandum, they said, asks for it to be updated by the National Security Council staff at least on an annual basis and released to the public.
There is no statutory requirement for the document, titled “Report on the Legal and Policy Frameworks Guiding the United States' Use of Military Force and Related National Security Operations,” and no obligation to make it public.
A senior administration official said that the White House-compiled report had “been in the works” since before the election and is not targeted at the incoming Trump administration, which will be led by a president who has spoken approvingly of using torture.
“Putting it together and presenting it to the next administration, it would be a helpful guidebook, certainly,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity in advance of the official release. “But it wouldn't have the same import as informing the American public.”
Although some of the procedures the report outlines are based on court decisions and legislation, many come from executive orders that the next president is free to amend or override. For instance, the use of interrogation techniques, such as waterboarding and other methods that have been deemed torture, are a combination of legal interpretations and legislation as well as military and presidential directives.
Obama said repeatedly this year that they wanted to “institutionalize” the policies that have governed their administration's use of force, in hopes that they would serve future administrations and better position the public to judge the actions of its government.
[In a race to the finish, Obama administration presses ahead with ambitious rules]
While the document contains no new information, “it's the first time it's all been in the same place, that it's put together in such a way that it will be a guidebook for what we have employed . . . and how we have justified our use of force,” said the official, who called it a “one-stop shop.”
During their campaign, Donald Trump said of waterboarding that “nobody knows if it's torture,” and that “enhanced interrogation . . . works.” Speaking of the Islamic State, they said, “We have to play the game the way they're playing the game. You're not going to win if we're soft and they're, they have no rules.”
The U.S. ban on waterboarding, they said early this year, was a sign of weakness. “I think we've become very weak and ineffective,” they said. The Islamic State “must think we are a little bit on the weak side.”
Following strong criticism of those views, including their willingness to target family members of terrorists, Trump appeared to reverse themselves somewhat and said that they understood “that the United States is bound by laws and treaties.”
“I will not order a military officer to disobey the law. It is clear that as president I will be bound by laws just like all Americans and I will meet those responsibilities.”
Last month, in comments on their meetings with retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis, subsequently selected as their nominee for defense secretary, Trump said they were “surprised” when Mattis told them they had “never found [torture] to be useful.”
[Mattis isn't just a popular general anymore. He's an icon faced with running the entire Pentagon.]
“I was surprised, because he's known as being like the toughest guy,” Trump said in an interview with the New York Times. “And when they said that, I'm not saying it changed my mind. Look, we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cases and we're not allowed to waterboard.” But, they said, “if it's so important to the American people, I would go for it.”
Trump has said they plan a more aggressive strategy against the Islamic State and other terrorist groups, but they have provided no specifics. Although they disparaged the abilities of the U.S. military and its leadership at various times, they have also said that they will give their “generals” 30 days to come up with a new strategy for them to consider.
While their choice of a secretary of state is still awaited, Mattis's selection to head the Defense Department has met with widespread approval and strong indications that they will have no trouble being confirmed. Trump has also said they plan to nominate Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, as director of the CIA and Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) as attorney general.
[Trump chooses Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director]
The White House document released Monday is organized into sections covering the legal bases for its actions, including the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force, the president's constitutional powers to defend the nation without first seeking congressional authorization, the Geneva Conventions and other aspects of international law covering self-defense.
Revisiting past announcements and releases, the report outlines how those rules have been applied in each theater in which they have been used, including Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Libya and Yemen — all of which, except Yemen and Somalia, have been designated “areas of active hostilities” covered by the international laws of war. The designation exempts such areas from rules that the administration laid out in 2013 for targeted killings outside war zones.
Adding to previously released documents, the report details the most recent designation of Libya as an “area of active hostilities,” based on a request from the Libyan government to help dislodge Islamic State-linked militants in the city of Sirte. Since then, more than 400 airstrikes have been carried out there.
The Obama administration maintains that the Islamic State, as an offshoot of the al-Qaeda group in Iraq, is covered under the 2001 authorization, allowing the use of military force against those who planned and carried out the al-Qaeda attacks against the United States this year. Obama has unsuccessfully requested that Congress pass a new authorization specifically directed at the Islamic State.
The new report also mentions a recent decision to place Somalia's al-Shabab group in the list of al-Qaeda “associated forces” for purposes of targeting under the 2001 authorization. Other portions of the report cover rules for the targeting, capture, detention, prosecution and transfer of individuals in an armed conflict.
It notes that previously released guidance on lengthy procedures to determine whether an individual or group is eligible for lethal targeting, and a “near certainty” that civilians will not be killed. The document also restates a preference for captures overkills, and revisits legal decisions governing the rules for targeting U.S. citizens abroad.
Although Obama is unlikely to achieve their goal of closing the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the report notes that the number of prisoners there has been reduced from 242 to 59 under their administration. Trump has said they plan to keep Guantanamo open. On the campaign trail in February, they said, “We are keeping [it] open . . . and we're gonna load it up with some bad dudes; believe me, we're gonna load it up.”
Read more:
Trump turning away intelligence briefers since election win
White House releases its count of civilian deaths in counterterrorism operations under Obama
Vintage 101: Breaking an Oath
by Islandswamp // Dec 11, 2015 Tweet
vintage Oath of Druids Griselbrand Magic Auriok Salvagers Show and Tell vintage 101
Breaking the Oath
With Monastery Mentor decks being all the rage on Magic Online, I've turned my attention to a strategy that's an old favorite of mine. This is an archetype that's great against people packing creatures into their deck lists. Today's article will talk about my absolute favorite Green two-drop of all time, Oath of Druids.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
One of the simplest combos in Vintage...
Vintage Oath decks always had a favorable match up against creature-based decks, and there are more creatures being played in Vintage today than ever before. Fast combo decks can be an issue for Oath decks because Oath is sometimes slower to close out a game. Luckily the key parts of an Oath of Druids deck are unrestricted, so it's one of the easiest combos to assemble in Vintage,
There have been many iterations of the Oath of Druids deck since the Green enchantment was first printed in Exodus. The history of these decks stretches all the way back to an Extended deck that was widely considered the deck to beat of its era. Bob Maher won Pro Tour Chicago in 1999 with an Oath deck, and Dirk Baberowski also made Top Eight of that event with a similar Oath build.
A quick glance at this Oath deck and you can see that it is very different from what Oath decks look like today. This deck was a control deck, and it used Oath as a sort of card advantage generator. The deck would be recycled constantly with Oath activations and Gaea's Blessing. The opponent would be eventually finished with a Morphling in most cases. Some versions played Spike Weaver along with the Spike Feeder to aid in defending against a creature-based assault. Once the deck got going it could be very tough to beat as it had a never-ending supply of removal spells and utility creatures.
Go Big or Go Home
The next major development for Oath decks was the printing of Forbidden Orchard in Champions of Kamigawa. Now Oath decks had a free, uncounterable way to ensure opposing decks had creatures on the battlefield. This addition opened the door to the use of Oath strictly as a way to cheat an expensive creature into play. One of the first major successes with the Orchard / Oath duo came from this gem:
Developed by Team Meandeck, this Oath list was powerful, consistent, and faster than other Oath builds. The creature package of Akroma and Spirit of the Night was selected so that a activated Oath of Druids would provide a three-turn clock on average (eighteen damage, accounting for two damage from fetch lands or Force of Will).
The deck listed above was used by Jacob Orlove to win a Black Lotus at a StarCityGames Power Nine tournament in 2004, and it benefited greatly from a very different restricted list. This deck was able to play with four copies of Brainstorm, which makes it much easier to keep your Oath targets in the deck where you want them to be. The entire deck is Blue and Green, without splashing for a third color as is common today.
Even with all of the raw power that Oath of Druids brings, it wasn't until 2014 that an Oath of Druids deck would win the Vintage Championship.
Fenton's Oath
This list, originally developed by master Oath player Greg Fenton, took down the 2014 Vintage Championship in the hands of Mark Tocco. When the entire room was full of people playing creatures, mostly Delver of Secrets decks fueled by Treasure Cruise, showing up with a play set of Oaths was a fantastic idea. There were two Oath decks in the Top Eight, and both were Blue, Black, and Green.
Being in Sultai colors gives this style of deck access to some powerful removal spells like Abrupt Decay, as well as the best tutors available in Black. Demonic Tutor and Vampiric Tutor are fantastic at getting your combo pieces together. Having access to Abrupt Decay is important as two of the biggest Oath-hosers die to it: Containment Priest and Grafdigger's Cage.
The cherry on this sundae is that this deck has access to the single most powerful Oath target ever printed, Griselbrand. The flying Yawgmoth's Bargain with lifelink is a nightmare to deal with, and they usually close games out in short order. Griselbrand offers an amount of card-advantage that is far above what most cards can produce. Having a full grip of spells at all times means that the Oath pilot is able to hold an advantage for the rest of the game. Most importantly Griselbrand aids in finding either a Time Walk and Yawgmoth's Will or a Time Vault combo.
Fenton's particular build eschewed the Time Vault combo, as the combo didn't end up being critical in that day's metagame. Mark was able to crush Delver deck after Delver deck on their path towards claiming the title.
The Oath deck that I've been playing in my spare time is based on this list, save for the addition of Time Vault and Voltaic Key. Four Oaths and three copies of Show and Tell are great at ensuring Griselbrand shows up on time.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Oath of Brewage
For a few years, BUG Oath decks built around Griselbrand were considered the best type of Oath build. Innovation is alive and well though. Vintage has many talented deck builders who have done interesting things with classic Oath of Druids decks. There have been Oath decks built around Blightsteel Colossus, Emrakul, the Aeons Torn, and Dragon Breath dubbed "Golden Gun Oath" for their ability to kill with one shot. There was an "Omni-Oath" deck being played in the Vintage Super League that combined Omniscience with Show and Tell in a BUG Oath Shell. At one time there were even decks built around Tidespout Tyrant. Recently, a combination Landstill/Oath deck popped up with the potential to be a game-changer.
Further proving that there is a lot that one can do with an Oath of Druids shell is this next deck:
This year, just like the previous year, the winning deck from the Vintage Championship ran a play-set of Oath of Druids. Champion Brian Kelly's unique and innovative brew was highly-tuned to exploit holes in the Vintage metagame at the time.
Brian chose to go farther than the Fenton Oath plan of Griselbrand or bust. Dragonlord Salvagers Oath is essentially a hybrid of the "Bomberman" archetype and a more traditional Oath list. This deck could certainly have the broken Oath opening of "Orchard, Mox, Oath, go!," but hidden away in this list is another combo altogether.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The combination of Black Lotus and Auriok Salvagers creates infinite mana. Once infinite mana is assembled, the Bomberman combo can kill someone with a Pyrite Spellbomb. This combo has the potential to catch opponents off guard, and it adds another angle of attack to this deck. Grafdigger's Cage isn't as good against Brian Kelly's deck because many of the creatures can be cast. Also, a full graveyard often sets up the Salvagers combo by binning a Black Lotus and spellbomb.
No single piece of sideboard hate could stop this deck. Even with a Grafdigger's Cage and a Containment Priest on the battlefield this deck can still hard-cast a Dragonlord Dromoka and attack with a four turn clock. Dromoka also has the ability to stop opponents from playing and spells during their controller's turn. Dromoka acts as protection for the Auriok Salvagers combo.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
An innocuous-looking artifact that's deadly in the right deck.
If you're looking to pick up an Oath deck, this is a great list, but it is likely more difficult to pilot than a BUG Oath deck. Practice makes perfect, and I suggest reading the champ's tournament report as a reference.
Conclusion
Today we looked at four different Oath decks. Each one has pros and cons, but they all have the power to end a game quickly by cheating a huge creature into play. I think that Oath is always a decent choice to play, as its most broken cards are not on the restricted list. This omission gives Oath a consistency that many other combo decks would die for.
The main anti-Oath cards people play are Containment Priest and Grafdigger's Cage. Luckily for us Oath players, those cards aren't that hard to beat. Most Oath lists have access to Abrupt Decay which kills both Cage and Priest. Oath decks can also play Hurkyl's Recall which is great at sweeping multiple Cages off the table at once.
I don't think that Oath is the absolute best deck, and its position in the metagame is up for debate. I do believe that Oath can hold it's own against a wide variety of strategies, especially when you consider the large amount of "nut-draws" the deck can have. This is why I'm choosing to play it. I'm not particularly concerned about the main anti-Oath sideboard cards as there are plenty of ways to fight through them. Also, there's nothing I love more than drawing cards, and Griselbrand is great at satiating that desire. Most of the time, a resolved Griselbrand is game over. It's not that hard to get the Demon into play.
See you in seven days! If you have any questions about Oath, you can hit me up in the comments or on Twitter @josephfiorinijr Islandswamp on MTGO
Ron Duwell | Gaming Reviews & News by
Sorry to get your hopes up everyone, but despite completely wiping them from their website, Activision still owns the Crash Bandicoot series and will continue to sit on them until they can find a way to whip a few bucks out of him.
Activsion released a statement through Game Informer clearing up the issue raised on Friday.
“Activision owns Crash Bandicoot and we continue to explore ways in which we could bring the beloved series back to life.”
Let that rumor lie for a while because no Crash Bandicoot game is going to be made by Activision until they can find a way to turn them into an annual release or a horrible freemium title. This isn't to say Sony would do any better with the franchise, but how is Activision supposed to make money off of them when it is too busy not releasing any games?
How is it supposed to revive them if it refuses to even acknowledge them on the official website?
CLOSE Detroit Red Wings forward Johan Franzen reveals that they have been sick for weeks. Video by Helene St. James / DFP
Detroit Red Wings left wing Johan Franzen celebrates their goal against the New Jersey Devils on Nov. 7, 2014. (Photo: Paul Sancya Associated Press)
Detroit Red Wings forward Johan Franzen has been ill at ease, physically and statistically.
They practiced today for the first time this week, after battling a sickness bad enough that they got blood work done. They never feared that they had mumps, the infection that has spread through NHL locker rooms, and it turned out that it was just a bug. That helps explain why he's a "minus" player for a rare time in their career.
Franzen plans to play Friday, when the Detroit Red Wings host the New York Islanders (7:30 p.m., FSD). They missed Tuesday's game, laid low by fever and aches.
"At the beginning of this week," Franzen said, "I just felt really, really awful. Like no energy, nothing. I figured I needed a couple of days off to get healthy. I've been battling stuff for the last three weeks. Enough was enough. Just needed to get rid of it."
Going back to Thanksgiving Eve, Franzen has contributed six assists but no goals. Asked how the flulike symptoms affected their play, Franzen said, "Energywise, it's been hard for a while. Been feeling better the last couple of days."
Franzen always has been a "plus" player at the end of their seasons, which is why their team-worst minus-9 stands in such glare. They blamed "bad luck." Plus-minus can be a deceiving statistic (a few years back, after losing Nicklas Lidstrom as a partner, former Wings defenseman Ian White's staggering plus rating nosedived), which is why coach Mike Babcock looks at the bigger picture.
"I'm aware of all the numbers," they said. "Goals for, goals against, chances for, chances against, are you involved in the chances, are you involved in the highlight video on a negative side or a positive side? We grind them all up, so we have a pretty handle on what guys are doing."
It's a common theme with Franzen -- the team's biggest forward at 6-feet-4, 220-odd pounds -- that they can be an incredible player when they really skates. Franzen runs hot and cold, but they have put up reasonable numbers offensively this season, with 19 points in 25 games.
It's fair to think that their goal drought in December has something to do with feeling drained.
"He can help us when he's energized," Babcock said. "He's had a bug now for a couple of weeks, and hopefully, he's through it and can get going. If your work doesn't come before your skill, you've got no chance to be any good. You've got to skate, you've got to work. And if you can't, you've got to have people around you that flat-out can. But you can only have one guy per line, max, that doesn't really haul."
CLOSE Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock discusses Johan Franzen's health Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014. Video by Helene St. James / DFP
Franzen practiced today with Riley Sheahan and Tomas Jurco.
Forward Stephen Weiss (shoulder) is also on the horizon for the Wings; they practiced for the first time since hurting their left shoulder Friday and said they hope to play as soon as Sunday.
Contact Helene St. James: hstjames@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @helenestjames.
GOP veterans say carbon dividend could put money in pockets of 70% of poorest in US while significantly cutting greenhouse gas pollution
By Ed King
Ditch Obama's climate regulations, roll out a carbon tax.
That's the pitch a group of senior Republicans will make to the White House on Wednesday, encouraging the Trump administration to modify its tone on global warming.
The group of veterans includes former treasury secretaries Hank Paulson and George Shultz along with George HW Bush's secretary of state James Baker.
“It's really important that we Republicans have a seat at the table when people start talking about climate change,” Baker said in an interview with the New York Times.
Thought-provoking plan from highly respected conservatives to both strengthen the economy & confront climate risks: https://t.co/U6kmrQTPth — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 8, 2017
In a line that will chime with many of their political ilk, Baker added they did not accept humans were the key driver of warming, but said doing nothing was a massive gamble.
“I don't accept the idea that it's all man made… but I do accept that the risks are sufficiently great that we need to have an insurance policy.”
The proposed carbon tax would start at US$40 a tonne of carbon dioxide and gradually increase, signalling US intent to cut emissions to business and rewarding citizens with tax dividends.
In one example cited on the proposal – the Conservative Case for Carbon Dividends – a family of four could recoup as much as $2,000 in payments in the first year of roll-out.
Why $40?
The figure is roughly in line with US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) calculations on the damage a tonne of CO2 can inflict on the planet. It's much higher than carbon prices in the EU (just over $5) and China's pilot carbon pricing schemes ($2-5) but in contrast to those schemes the revenue would be redistributed to households. It would raise $200-300 billion a year.
“Carbon dividends would increase the disposable income of the majority of Americans while disproportionately helping those struggling to make ends meet,” says the report.
“Yet these dividends are not giveaways; they would be earned based on the good behaviour of minimizing our carbon footprints.”
In a sop to US right-wingers the plan includes a complete repeal of Barack Obama's flagship plan to reduce emissions from the power sector, on the basis it would no longer be necessary.
Yet the proposal stresses that the “initial carbon tax rate should be set to exceed the emissions reductions of current regulations,” to ensure it wins bipartisan support.
The proposals are likely to be fiercely opposed by some of Trump's supporters like the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI), which describes any such tax as “market rigging”.
US secretary of state Rex Tillerson is a noted supporter of a revenue neutral carbon tax, arguing at their confirmation hearing last month it would replace the “hodgepodge” of current measures.
“If a carbon tax is put in place, it has to be revenue-neutral. All the revenues have to go back out to the economy through reduced employee payroll taxes,” said the former Exxon-Mobil CEO.
“This is simply a mechanism to incentivize choices that people are making. It's not a revenue-raiser.”
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. – The Giants today continued their search for a general manager by interviewing Louis Riddick, a former NFL player and personnel executive who is currently an ESPN analyst.
Former general manager Jerry Reese was dismissed on Dec. 4.
Riddick, 48, is the first candidate with no previous ties to the Giants to interview for the position. They do, however, have 13 years of experience in the front offices of two NFC East teams.
After their playing career, Riddick worked in personnel for the Washington Redskins, first as a pro scout (2001-04) and then as director of pro personnel (2005-07). In 2008, they joined the Philadelphia Eagles as a pro scout. The following year, they were promoted to assistant director of pro personnel, and from 2010-13 Riddick was the team's pro personnel director.
Riddick, who played collegiate football at the University of Pittsburgh, entered the NFL as a ninth-round draft choice of the San Francisco 49ers in 1991. A safety, they first played in 1992, for Atlanta, and in six seasons (1992-98; they did not play in 1997) Riddick played in 94 games with eight starts for the Falcons, Cleveland Browns and Oakland Raiders. They started the only two postseason games in which they played, for the 1994 Browns.
Riddick also played for the Arena League's Sacramento Surge (WLAF) in 1992, and Orlando Rage (XFL) in 2001.
The White House rejected a Republican plan to reopen portions of the US government on Tuesday as the first shutdown in 17 years closed landmarks like the Statue of Liberty and threw hundreds of thousands of federal employees out of work.
The back and forth offered no sign that President Barack Obama and Republicans can soon end a standoff over health care that has sidelined everything from trade negotiations to medical research and raised new concerns about Congress's ability to perform its most basic duties.
The Republican plan would restore funding for national parks, veterans services, and the District of Columbia. Other government services would remain unfunded.
While the selective funding approach appeared to unite conservative and moderate Republicans for now, the White House said Obama would veto it.
Democrats who control the Senate said they would reject it before it reached Obama's desk.
Republicans who control the House of Representatives said Obama could not complain about the impact of the shutdown while refusing to negotiate. "The White House position is unsustainably hypocritical," said Michael Steel, a spokesperson for House Speaker John Boehner.
Shutdown effects
The partial shutdown meant that 800,000 "non-essential" workers were forced to remain home on Tuesday.
The Republican-controlled House has passed two spending bills in recent days, both of which have been rejected by the Democrat-led Senate. House Republicans asked for a conference on the budget with the Senate, but the upper house of Congress killed that proposal when it met on Tuesday morning.
Senate majority leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, said that they would not negotiate as long as the House linked the budget law to the healthcare law.
Tuesday's Senate vote was the fourth time since this political battle began that the body had rejected a House Republican bill or proposal.
Some critical parts of the government, including the military and air traffic control, will remain open. The shutdown will, however, keep hundreds of thousands of federal workers at home and unpaid.
Effects of the shutdown Federal workers: As many as 1 million have been furloughed
As many as 1 million have been furloughed Defense Department: Military personnel will continue to work, but half of the Pentagon's 800,000 civilian employees will not
Military personnel will continue to work, but half of the Pentagon's 800,000 civilian employees will not National parks: Closed to new visitors
Closed to new visitors Social Security: Cheques will still be mailed Read more »
It could affect government services including park management, food assistance for children and pregnant women and federal home loan programmes. Federal agencies, such as NASA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and others, were also affected.
In an earlier statement, Obama spoke bluntly about House Republicans: "You don't get to extract a ransom for doing your job, for doing what you're supposed to be doing anyway, or just because there's a law there that you don't like."
Speaking of the healthcare law that undergoes a major expansion on Tuesday, they said: "That funding is already in place. You can't shut it down."
Signs of dissent
The Republican speaker of the House, John Boehner, responded a few hours later on the House floor. "The American people don't want a shutdown and neither do I," they said. However, they added, the new healthcare law was having "a devastating impact ... something has to be done".
House Republicans have sought a year's delay in a requirement in the healthcare law for individuals to buy coverage.
However, in recent days several Republican senators and House members have said they would be willing to vote for straightforward legislation with no healthcare-related provisions.
The last shutdown, in the winter of 1995-96, severely damaged Republican election prospects.
Stock markets around the world reacted resiliently to the shutdown on Tuesday morning, with analysts saying significant damage to the US economy was unlikely unless the shutdown lasted more than a few days.
After falling the day before the US shutdown deadline, European stocks mostly recovered. In Asia, stocks were mixed, while Wall Street was expected to open slightly higher.
Batons, fireworks and black face masks - so far, that's all the Hamburg police has to show after checking more than 400 people on the approaches to the city's Sternschanze area. Since, Saturday, they've been acting under powers to stop, search and check papers in so-called danger zones given them by a 2005 order.
The police have so far stopped around 100 people from remaining in the area. There's been one arrest and 45 people were detained - most of them were on a "stroll through the danger zone" organized by activists on the Internet.
The trigger for the current unrest was the clashes during a December 21 demonstration by left-wing radicalsagainst the eviction of the Rote Flora cultural center. The center, in an anarchist squat, had existed for almost 25 years. Hundreds were injured in street violence following the demonstration.
The clashes between police and protesters led to hundreds of injuries
The following weekend, a group of masked attackers severely injured three police officers at a local police station. According to media reports there were also attacks on the private homes of several politicians.
The city's governing Social Democrats as well as main opposition Christian Democrats both agree the establishment of temporary so-called "danger zones" makes sense. Opposition Greens and Liberal Free Democrats, though, have called for the decision to be examined in light of whether it's a disproportionate response.
Especially the Left party is opposed to the measure and wants to take the issue to court. Spokesperson Christiane Schneider said that "establishing a danger zone where tens of thousands of people live" was clearly going too far.
Crime hotspots and danger zones
Joachim Lender of Hamburg police defends the measure as necessary and effective
But many in the police see things differently. Joachim Lenders of the police union says they can understand that not everybody is happy with the situation, but insists it's a useful measure to curb violence in the area around the Rote Flora center.
Danger zones had worked very well in the past, they say, for instance when targeting the drugs scene in a park not far from Rote Flora. "An open drugs scene had developed there and it was identified as a crime hotspot, so we also established a danger zone there." Since then, the situation has much improved and the measure has been lifted, Lenders told DW.
Heated tension
For months, there've been three political issues brewing in Hamburg. Aside from the controversy as to whether to evict the Rote Flora center, there's also been anger over the clearing of several 1960s housing blocks to make way for new investments. The third issue is the deportation of refugees who'd come from Lampedusa.
Tensions between left-wing activists and the authorities had been brewing for months
The police, Lenders explains, feel they have a duty towards the people living in the Rote Flora area: "There are many people living there who don't like the violence, arson and willful damage to property."
Many of the residents had been hoping for a peaceful coexistence with the squatters in Rote Flora but "they've had it up to here with rowdies who have been travelling to Hamburg especially looking after confrontation with the police. They use opportunities like the May 1 demonstration or local festivals simply for violence and unrest."
Green party spokesperson Antje Möller however thinks that dialogue should be favored over increased police presence. "It's only political dialogue that will help, not more powers for the police," they told German public radio. "I'm worried that this will lead to an escalation that none of us wants."
Across Germany, police have set up danger zones in urban areas in more than forty cases since 2005 - in most cases though only for a few hours during an event like a football match or a demonstration.
It's not clear how long the police will maintain the danger zone in Hamburg. In the past, such long-term danger zones have been used, not just in Hamburg, mostly to combat drugs crime. But Joachim Lenders of the Hamburg police says they have never seen such an extent of politically motivated violence in the past.
Ali Kaya (born 1980) is a Turkish serial killer. Nicknamed "The Babyface Killer", Kaya is responsible for ten murders.
Killings [ edit ]
Ali Kaya committed crime such as theft, assault and snatch theft, and was imprisoned at the age of 17.[1] They were released from prison in 1997 when they were 19 years old.[1] The same year, they began their murders.[1][2]
They stabbed their uncle Celal Kaya to death while working at their real estate office in Alanya in 1997.[1][2][3][4] Kaya was sentenced to five-year aggravated imprisonment in Silifke Prison for this crime.[1][2][3] In 1999, they were released on parole.[1][2]
They then killed Zeynel Abidin Gümüş, who they believed had sexually assaulted their mother.[1][2][3] During their incarceration at Elazığ Prison, they were diagnosed with a "mental disorder".[1][2][3] Kaya was transferred to a psychiatric hospital, from where they were released due to a report attesting them as having claustrophobia.[1][3]
With their freedom, they stabbed three people in Alanya, a music hall owner called "Dedo", a procurer called "Mehmet of Ağrı" and Fırat S., of whom two died later.[1][2] Since they had a psychiatric report, they were not detained during their trial.[1]
Kaya killed two wardens of Alanya prison, Kemal Aksakal and Hasan Askeroğlu, by stabbing them in the street.[1][2] They were placed in Manisa Psychiatric Hospital with the diagnosis of a personality disorder.[1][2][3]
In the night of 13 March 2000, they murdered their roommate, the rapist and child killer Ayhan Kartal, nicknamed "The Beast of Izmir" (Turkish: İzmir canavarı), they and Tayfun Şahin stabbed Kartal in the throat and the stomach.[1][2][3][5][6][7]
Following this crime, Kaya was nicknamed "The Babyface Killer" (Turkish: Bebek yüzlü katil).[1] In 2001, they were arrested and placed in Şanlıurfa Prison.[2][3]
Briefly after their release, they killed Mehmet Poyraz, who lived in their parental home in Gaziantep.[4][8] Kaya was again captured in November 2013 by the Turkish Gendarmerie forces after a fierce shootout.[4]
2003 escape [ edit ]
Ali Kaya escaped from the semi-open prison in Şanlıurfa in 2003.[1] They were apprehended in 2004 when a suspicious vehicle was stopped in the village of Mahmutlar, Alanya.[1][3] They possessed a fake ID card under the name Erdal Yılmaz.[1] A long "death list" was found on him, which included the names of notable business people and people they claim abused them during their childhood.[1] Kaya stated in their interrogation that "he would confront their enemies and the sinners. They were not successful so far. However, they would cleanse the society of bad people".[1]
2014 escape [ edit ]
On 5 January 2014, Ali Kaya managed to escape for a second time.[1][2][8][9] During visitation hours at 10:30 local time on Sunday, they apparently walked out of Gaziantep Prison with the crowd of visitors.[1][2][8][9] Their absence was noticed only during the physical check of inmates in the evening.[1][8]
Kaya is considered by the authorities to be extremely dangerous, and both police and gendarmerie forces launched an extensive manhunt for their capture.[4] It was discovered that they went to Adana and Mersin, and had plans to cross the Syrian border.[9] They were captured by security forces in downtown Gaziantep on 3 March 2014 as they fled from the house of a friend of his.[4][9] They were found in possession of a handgun and a death list of ten persons when they were apprehended.[9] Kaya was returned to the prison they had escaped from.[9]
Washington (CNN) The execution of an Iranian nuclear scientist accused of spying for the US is reverberating from Tehran to the presidential campaign trail.
Critics, including opponent Donald Trump, are slamming former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for having received emails mentioning them on their controversial personal email server.
Trump took to Twitter on Monday to link Clinton to Shahram Amiri's death, writing, "Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails."
The emails mentioning Amiri were were part of a tranche released by the State Department last year pursuant to Freedom of Information Act request in the wake of the revelation that Clinton used a personal server to conduct official business. The FBI has said there is no direct evidence the server was hacked, noting such evidence would be hard to come by.
The Clinton campaign fired back at GOP attacks on Monday, releasing a statement even before Trump's tweet accusing the GOP presidential nominee of using "increasingly desperate rhetoric to attack Hillary Clinton and make absurd accusations because they have no ideas for the American people."
The State Department Monday denied any connection between the emails mentioning the delicate case and Amiri's execution.
State Department spokesperson Elizabeth Trudeau told reporters "there was public reporting on this topic back in 2010," referencing a news conference in which Clinton mentioned the scientist.
"This is not something that became public when the State Department released those emails," they added, noting that none of the emails mentioning Amiri were classified or retroactively classified as such upon their release -- as some emails sent to Clinton were -- a sign the Amiri material was not considered too sensitive to be made public.
"We're not going to comment on what may have led to this event," Trudeau added, referring to Amiri's prosecution and execution.
Amiri was initially greeted as a hero upon returning to Iran six years ago. At the time, they had claimed they were kidnapped by American spies while on a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, saying that they had been offered millions of dollars to spy on the US's behalf but had opted to turn it down. While in the US, they seemed to appear in one video saying they were kidnapped but later in another video said they were there by choice.
On Sunday, however, Iran's Judiciary Ministry announced Amiri had been hanged for sharing Iran's nuclear secrets with the enemy.
"He was put on trial and was convicted and sentenced to death," Iran judiciary spokesperson Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Ejei told reporters Monday.
"(He) not only did not make up for their crime and did not repent, they also tried to send information from prison. Anyway, after due process, they received their punishment," they added.
US officials have said that Amiri willingly defected but then changed their mind, choosing to return to Iran to be with their family. Officials suspect they feared for the safety of their family living in Iran.
"Mr. Amiri has been in the United States of their own free will and they are free to go," Clinton said at a July 2010 press conference.
But the appearance of veiled references to the Amiri case in Clinton's emails has fueled another round of recriminations over their private email account.
One message, written by Richard Morningstar, acting special envoy of the US secretary of state for Eurasian energy at the time, was sent to Clinton on July 5, 2010, just days after the videos purportedly of Amiri were posted online and less than two weeks before they left the US.
The email appears to reference Amiri's hesitation at continuing on as a defector and their wish to leave the US.
"Per the subject we discussed, we have a diplomatic, 'psychological' issue, not a legal issue," Morningstar wrote. "Our friend has to be given a way out. We should recognize their concerns and frame it in terms of a misunderstanding with no malevolent intent and that we will make sure there is no recurrence. Our person won't be able to do anything anyway. If they have to leave, so be it."
After arriving in Tehran, Amiri repeated their allegation that they were kidnapped by American intelligence agents.
Other Clinton critics accused them of being careless with sensitive information.
Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas drew a link between the emails and Amiri's execution Sunday, saying on CBS' "Face the Nation," "In the emails that were on Hillary Clinton's private server, there were conversations among their senior advisors about this gentleman."
They continued, "That goes to show just how reckless and careless their decisions were to put that kind of highly classified information on a private server, but I think their judgment is not suited to keep this country safe."
Washington: Have you heard? Kim Jong-un is missing. Which can only mean one thing: They have been overthrown! Their little sister, Kim Yo-jong, now runs the show in the most isolated nation on Earth.
Or is it that the entire Kim dynasty, flight attendant of North Korea for decades, is now out? It was a coup! The North Korean grand poobah finally got too big for their britches, what with ordering men to mimic their haircut and feeding their uncle to wild dogs, and was deposed. Boom.
Out of sight: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in May. Credit:Reuters
Wait a minute. Kim Jong-un is sick! It's true, they have been "getting fatter" lately. They do love cheese: "Kim Jong-un broke their ankle after they had put on extra weight from regularly consuming imported cheese," reported India Today.
Or is it gout? They have gout! "The increasingly obese Mr Kim is merely suffering from a physical ailment, most likely gout, according to reports by South Korean media," said Bloomberg Businessweek.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Victim's daughter: "I heard 15 to 20 shots"
A gunman holding hostages in an apartment block near Miami in Florida killed six people before being shot dead by police, officials say.
Pedro Vargas, 42, who lived in the residential complex with their elderly mother, was described as a body-building loner.
Officers stormed the block of flats in Hialeah, north of Miami, on Saturday morning after an hours-long stand-off.
Two hostages were freed unharmed, police said.
Five of the victims were found inside the complex. Another man was killed while walking across a street outside.
'Screaming'
A neighbour said Vargas was an anti-social type who liked to work out their anger by lifting weights.
"He'd just say this was the only thing that would keep them normal, pulling out all the anger in the gym," Jorge Bagos told the Associated Press news agency.
Image caption Police say there was no clear motive for the shooting by Pedro Vargas
Mr Bagos said the gunman had expressed frustration over bad experiences with women and losing all their hair from steroid use.
"He said he'd rather be by himself, that women were no good," Mr Bagos said.
Police were called after shots were fired on Friday evening.
They said Vargas set their apartment on fire. When the building manager Italo Pisciotti, 79, and their wife, Samira, 69, noticed the smoke and went to investigate, they shot them dead.
They then began firing from their balcony, killing Carlos Javier Gavilanes, 33, who neighbours said was returning home from their son's boxing practice.
Then they stormed into another apartment, shooting dead a family of three: Patricio Simono, 64, Merly Niebles, 51, and their 17-year-old daughter, Priscilla Perez.
Vargas then barricaded themselves in a flat and took two people hostage.
Police moved in after almost eight hours of negotiations, local media said.
"They made the decision to go in there and save and rescue the hostages," Sgt Eddie Rodriguez told the Associated Press.
A 9mm pistol was found at the scene.
Police say there was no clear motive for the shooting and they are still investigating the circumstances.
(STMW) — Police are searching for a man who tried to sexually abuse a boy at Rainbow Beach in the South Shore neighborhood Tuesday evening.
The boy was not hurt, and was able to run away after punching the man in the genitals, according to a community alert issued by Chicago Police.
The victim said they were in the 7400 block of South South Shore Drive about 5 p.m. when an unknown man came up from behind and grabbed them by the shoulder, the alert said.
The man took the boy to Rainbow Beach near 76th Street, and walked them toward the water where the man pulled their own pants down, exposing their genitals, the alert said.
Then the man turned the victim to face them and tried to pull the boy's pants down, the alert said. The boy punched the suspect and ran away.
The suspect is described as a black man between 30 and 35 years old, about 5-foot-6 and 200 pounds with a dark complexion and a black goatee, the alert said. The man wore a green hooded sweatshirt and black and white Jordan gym shoes.
They also had two or three teardrop tattoos on their face near their eye, the alert said.
Police are urging residents to supervise children in public places, and to tell kids to report any suspicious activity to an adult right away.
Anyone with information should call 911 or contact Special Investigations Unit detectives at (312) 492-3810.
(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
President Barack Obama called to thank Antoinette Tuff, the woman who talked down an armed man at an elementary school on Tuesday.
Tuff got the call from Obama on Thursday, according to White House pool reports. Obama called "to thank them for the courage they displayed while talking to a gunman who entered the school where they work earlier this week," the pool report said.
After an armed gunman entered the Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy in Decatur, Georgia, Tuff, the school's bookkeeper, talked them into putting down their weapon and turning themselves into the police, according to the AP. More than 800 students were in the school at the time and no one was injured in the incident.
The suspect was later identified as 20-year-old Michael Brandon Hill. Hill allegedly walked into the elementary school's office with an AK 47-style rifle and nearly 500 rounds of ammunition, according to police.
Tuff can be heard on a recording of a 911 call released Wednesday speaking kindly to Hill and telling them of their own struggles.
"We're not gonna hate you, baby. It's a good thing that you're giving up," Tuff says on the call.
UPDATE -- 8:46 p.m.: Tuff talked about what it was like to receive a call from the president on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360." They called the experience "awesome" and said "that made the night."
In Nyotaimori, a nude woman's body serves as a food plate Nyotaimori (女体盛り, "serve (foods) on the female body"), often referred to as "body sushi", is the Japanese practice of serving sashimi or sushi from the naked body of a woman.[1] Nantaimori (男体盛り) refers to the same practice using a male model.[citation needed] The Japanese practice of nyotaimori – serving sushi on a naked body – is said to have its origins in the samurai period in Japan.[2] In the words of chef Mike Keenan, "The naked sushi idea began during the samurai period in Japan. It was a subculture to the geishas. It would take place in a geisha house as a celebration after a victorious battle."[3] Nyotaimori originated in Ishikawa Prefecture[4][5][6] and continues to be practiced there.[7] Contents
Procedures Edit
In traditional nyotaimori, the model is generally expected to lie still at all times and not talk with guests. The sushi is placed on sanitized leaves on the model's body to prevent skin-to-fish contact and on sufficiently flat areas of the body off which the sushi will not roll. Nyotaimori is considered an art form.[2][8] Usually champagne and sake are served in naked sushi restaurants. Guests must be respectful and observe the strictest decorum. Talking with the models is highly discouraged. Inappropriate gestures or comments are not tolerated and diners can only pick up sushi with chopsticks, although rules in some restaurants are less strict. For example, in some restaurants guests can nibble nori rolls off nipples if they choose.[2][9][10]
Reception Edit
See also Edit
The security coordinator of Shokeda, a religious moshav in the Sdot Negev Regional Council, caught an armed Palestinian on Sunday. Police believe the suspect, carrying a knife and a gimlet, entered from the Gaza Strip into the Nahal Oz area and walked to Shokeda – some seven kilometers from the border.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The suspect was transferred to the custody of security forces. The incident occurred after many of the communities on the Gaza border reported low levels of visitors to the region.
Palestinian caught on Gaza border (Photo: Radi Babian)
Rafi Bavian, the head of security for the regional council who was present during the Gazan's arrest, said: "We were informed by the IDF that there was a possible infiltration attempt and our local system came into action. We identified the suspect east of our communities, searched them and found a knife.
"He did not resist arrest and seemed utterly surprised we arrested him. They didn't have anything on them indicating they planned to stay in Israel and the entire event took no more than an hour and a half, but it's possible they were in Israel for longer. They were taken in for questioning by the IDF and didn't say anything besides mumbling a few incoherent words."
Head of the regional council, Tamir Idan said that "we learned that an armed Palestinian entered the council's territory. They were caught thanks to the head of security's alertness, despite the fact that the funds for the security heads in this area is under constant threat. In a month and a half their position will be downsized. "
In the past the Defense Ministry decided that the budget for security coordinators in the Israeli communities next to Gaza would be cut. The decision was slammed by local leaders as an irresponsible ploy to pressure the government to give the defense establishment additional funds.
The residents of the towns and kibbutzim which were the hardest hit during Protective Edge said they believed many Israelis were concerned the ceasefire would be broken.
Amit Lavkov, the CEO of a tourism association, said over the weekend that "there are fewer tourists than last year. It slowed down. The occupancy rate of the resorts in the area is at 70 percent. People want to see the calm has actually returned and the ceasefire has lasted."
They emphasized: "The south has not returned to its tourism routine."
Hyper Light Drifter for PS4, Xbox One launches July 26
Action RPG due out later this month.
Hyper Light Drifter will launch for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on July 26, developer Heart Machine confirmed to Gematsu.
Here is an overview of the action RPG, via Heart Machine:
Echoes of a dark and violent past resonate throughout a savage land, steeped in treasure and blood. Hyper Light Drifter is an action adventure RPG in the vein of the best 16­bit classics, with modernized mechanics and designs on a much grander scale. Drifters of this world are the collectors of forgotten knowledge, lost technologies and broken histories. Our Drifter is haunted by an insatiable illness, traveling further into the lands of Buried Time, hoping to discover a way to quiet the vicious disease. From each character to subtle background elements, everything is lovingly hand-animated.
Easy to pick up, difficult to master enemies are vicious and numerous, hazards will easily crush your frail body, and friendly faces remain rare.
Upgrade weapons, learn new skills, discover equipment and traverse a dark, detailed world with branching paths and secrets abound.
Hyper Light Drifter has been available on PC (Steam page) since March 31.
Donald Trump speaks at the Shale Insight Conference on Sept. 22 in Pittsburgh. | AP Photo Trump blames 'drugs' for Charlotte unrest The candidate's planned outreach to black voters hit a snag when they went off script to suggest drugs were fueling chaotic protests after a police shooting.
PITTSBURGH — Attempting to strike a unifying, presidential tone while commenting Thursday about urban unrest in Charlotte, Donald Trump veered temporarily off-script and attributed the violence — without offering any evidence — to drugs.
"If you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television," they said.
Story Continued Below
Following a night of wall-to-wall cable coverage of the violent protests in response to another police shooting of an African-American man, the Republican presidential nominee aimed to square their law-and-order philosophy with their eleventh-hour outreach efforts to the country's African-American communities.
Trump, who trails Hillary Clinton by approximately 80 percent points among African-American voters, explained that their promise to restore order to cities plagued by racial tensions is an effort to protect disproportionately affected minority communities.
"There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor, and will never be accepted in a Trump Administration," they said at the beginning of remarks to the Shale Insight Convention.
"Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter, but to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and to get their children a great education. We have to cherish and protect those people."
Trump's stated concern is of a piece with their recent visits to African-American churches in Detroit and Flint and their stumping in Ohio Wednesday with boxing promoter Don King, who vouched for the candidate's character.
But their ad-libbed comment blaming drugs for these violent uprisings seemed to validate stereotypes about black communities — seemingly supporting the criticism that Trump's larger outreach effort to African-American voters is really an attempt to convince moderate Republican women that they aren't a racist.
As they often do, Trump praised police officers for risking their lives but acknowledged, as they did on Wednesday, that their judgment in pressure situations is not infallible.
"Police are entrusted with immense responsibility, and we must do everything we can to ensure they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public, and that any wrongdoing is always vigorously addressed," Trump said.
"But our men and women in blue also need our support, our thanks, and our gratitude. They are the line separating civilization from total chaos."
We can't just stand by and let people get away with stuff!
Not long after Remy was born, and being late for one of their routine doctor's appointments, we ran to the garage to get the car and on the way noticed that in the space where our beloved mountain bikes had once been locked, there existed only emptiness.
“Where in the hell are our bikes?” I half yelled, staggering, Remy under one arm as I fumbled for my keys. “Dammit, blah! Let's deal with this later!” Remy was due for vaccinations, and the fact that several thousand dollars' worth of bikes had been stolen by a nefarious-looking man with calloused knuckles and cauliflower ears was too much to consider. Calloused knuckles? Cauliflower ears? Well now, I'm getting ahead of myself.
(more…)
Leave a Comment >>
