When The Herbivorous Butcher opened earlier this year, it was to great acclaim and applause for its vegan offerings. But there's another place that's been serving up vegan foods for years, and we decided to check out some of its offerings. While Herbivorous Butcher sells meat and cheese substitutes to be prepared at home, the Minneapolis West Bank stalwart Hard Times Cafe sells vegan (and vegetarian) entrees and baked goods to be eaten on site.
The first thing to know is that Hard Times Cafe, as befits its name, is quite a bargain. A half order of the eatery's Vegan Biscuits and Gravy is just $3.25, with a full order at $5.25. The half order was a sizable plate, full to the rims with a surprisingly flaky, tender biscuit covered in mushroom gravy. It took a couple of bites for the sausage-gravy fan at the table to come to grips with the lack of sausage, but once they were past that, everyone agreed it was tasty, and had a generous amount of mushrooms and pepper, and a good solid gravy feel.
The Vegan Helter Skelter (half order $6.75, full order $9.25) was also a bargain. The half order was a dinner plate's worth of beautifully sauteed fresh vegetables over a bed of minutely shredded hashbrowns, served with corn tortillas. It was lovely to look at and a godsend for people who want a healthy meal. But, puzzlingly, other than the flavor of the vegetables themselves, there was no discernible seasoning, not even salt or pepper. Some fresh herbs along with salt and pepper would have made such a difference. Hard Times has a counter full of condiments and hot sauces you can add to taste, but it would have been nice to have some of the flavor cooked in.
Baked goods were more consistent. A Vegan Cinnamon-Sugar Cake Donut ($2) was a bit overcooked, with burned bits on the outside, but it was still moist inside and had a good cinnamon flavor. The true winner was the Vegan Mexican Chocolate Snickerdoodle ($1.50, above), a luxurious cookie that was slightly lighter than a regular snickerdoodle. Not only did it have a good texture and rich chocolate flavor, but it had a sustained spicy aftertaste that was satisfying and complex. We'd happily buy these anytime, vegan or not.
We finished off the meal with a nonvegan option: the Arabic Coffee ($2.50). This is served in a tiny portion, and that's fine; the coffee is intense, rich, and full of flavor, with cardamom, cinnamon, and nutmeg, along with the honey that offsets those stronger flavors but keeps the coffee from being fully vegan. You could ask for it without honey and substitute sugar instead, but go with a small amount so you don't drown the full flavor experience.
But note: Hard Times expects to be paid in cash, not plastic.
Hard Times Cafe
Restaurant on the U of M's West Bank
1821 Riverside Ave, Minneapolis
612.341.9261
BAR: No
VEGETARIAN / VEGAN: Yes / Yes
ENTREE RANGE: $3-$10
NOISE LEVEL: Varies
HOURS:
Daily 6 a.m.-4 a.m.
PARKING: Metered street parking, paid lot
Facebook Comments
comments
The Canadian mortgage market may face a meaningful slowdown in 2018 – potentially leading to some price relief for buyers in hot housing markets like Vancouver and Toronto, but also possibly causing some pain for alternative lenders – and rising interest rates aren't the only culprit.
New proposals for tighter mortgage underwriting standards (B-20 guidelines) from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) could lead to a five to 10 per cent decline in uninsured mortgage origination volumes, and even sharper pullbacks for the alternative lenders.
The proposed changes unveiled by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) on July 6, would require stress tests to qualify for all uninsured mortgages (roughly 80 per cent of the market), and would make the qualifying rate for these mortgages the contract rate plus two percentage points.
“This could reduce purchasing power materially for some borrowers,” said Graham Ryding, a financial services analyst at TD Securities.
While their industry feedback suggests an overall volume decline in the five to 10 per cent range, Ryding noted that alternative lenders are the most sensitive to such changes and could therefore see volumes fall approximately 15 to 20 per cent.
The analyst highlighted Equitable Group Inc. and Home Capital Group Inc. as the most sensitive to potentially lower volumes stemming from stricter underwriting standards.
“However, we continue to believe Equitable is optimally positioned to gain further market share due to Home Capital's pull-back, which could somewhat offset,” Ryding said in a research note.
Since Genworth MI Canada Inc. and First National Financial Corp. are more focused on insured mortgages, the analyst doesn't anticipate the proposed changes will directly impact their business, and could make it more affordable for first-time home buyers if prices decline.
“If you really want to influence the market, you have to influence the non-insured segment of the market,” Benjamin Tal, deputy chief economist at CIBC World Markets, said after the proposals were unveiled.
Atrium Mortgage Investment Corp. is another potential beneficiary, as Ryding noted it could boost its market share in the single family home segment, as the company is not regulated by OSFI.
The analyst's top picks remain Equitable Group and Genworth MI Canada Inc.
Thousands of files containing the personal information and expertise of Americans with classified and up to Top Secret security clearances have been exposed by an unsecured Amazon server, potentially for most of the year.
The files have been traced back to TigerSwan, a North Carolina-based private security firm. But in a statement on Saturday, TigerSwan implicated TalentPen, a third-party vendor apparently used by the firm to process new job applicants.
Advertisement
“At no time was there ever a data breach of any TigerSwan server,” the firm said. “All resume files in TigerSwan's possession are secure. We take seriously the failure of TalentPen to ensure the security of this information and regret any inconvenience or exposure our former recruiting vendor may have caused these applicants. TigerSwan is currently exploring all recourse and options available to us and those who submitted a resume.”
TalentPen could not be immediately reached for comment and Gizmodo could not independently confirm the company's involvement. During conversations with Gizmodo, TigerSwan repeatedly refused to provide any documentation showing TalentPen was at fault.
Found on an insecure Amazon S3 bucket without the protection of a password, the cache of roughly 9,400 documents reveal extraordinary details about thousands of individuals who were formerly and may be currently employed by the US Department of Defense and within the US intelligence community.
Advertisement
Other documents reveal sensitive and personal details about Iraqi and Afghan nationals who have cooperated and worked alongside US military forces in their home countries, according to the security firm who discovered and reviewed the documents. Between 15 and 20 applicants reportedly meet these criteria.
The files, unearthed this summer by a security analyst at the California-based cybersecurity firm UpGuard, were discovered in a folder labeled “resumes” containing the curriculum vitae of thousands of US citizens holding Top Secret security clearances—a prerequisite for their jobs at the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, and the US Secret Service, among other government agencies.
Many of the files are timestamped and indicate that they were uploaded to the server in mid-February. Gizmodo has yet to confirm for how long the data was left publicly accessible, information only accessible to Amazon and the server's owner.
Advertisement
“A cursory examination of some of the exposed resumes indicates not merely the varied and elite caliber of many of the applicants as experienced intelligence and military figures, but sensitive, identifying personal details,” UpGuard said in a statement.
Founded in 2008 by former a Delta Force operative, retired US Army Lt. Colonel James Reese, TigerSwan has operated on behalf of the U.S. military and State Department as a paramilitary force in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as domestically on behalf of corporations. The firm reportedly employs a staff of roughly 350 with offices across the Middle East, in North and West Africa, Latin America, and Japan.
Beyond its battlefield utility, TigerSwan International has provided construction and security services in Saudi Arabia, where the firm is licensed by the monarchy's general investment authority; protection details for corporate sponsors and wealthy sports fans during 2014 Sochi Olympics in Russia; and more recently, TigerSwan aided US law enforcement tasked with countering protests around the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline.
Advertisement
Due to the number of resumes involved, the true impact of the breach has yet to be fully realized. Some of the applicants were apparently involved in very sensitive and highly-classified military operations. According to UpGuard, at least one of the applicants claimed they were charged with the transportation of nuclear activation codes and weapons components.
One applicant referenced their employment as a “warden advisor” at the infamous Abu Ghraib black site near Baghdad, where prisoners are known to have been tortured. The applicant described their job as “establishing safe and secure correctional facilities for the humane care, custody, and treatment of persons incarcerated in the Iraqi corrections system.”
Another applicant reportedly stated that they were involved in “enhancing evidence” against Iraqi insurgents during the war. Others, who provided their home addresses, as well as personal email accounts and phone numbers, were employed and may be currently employed by US spy agencies for work on Top Secret surveillance and intelligence-gathering operations.
Advertisement
It was not immediately clear if any of the US applicants are currently deployed in conflict zones overseas and the repercussions for foreign nationals who applied to work at TigerSwan and may currently reside in dangerous regions, such as Iraq, have not yet been fully assessed.
A Gizmodo investigation into the potential consequences of the breach was interrupted on Saturday after TigerSwan went public with a statement on its website.
This article will be updated as more information becomes available.
Update, 7:45pm: Additional context concerning the resumes and remarks from UpGuard added.
Advertisement
Update, Sept. 3, 8:40pm: On Sunday afternoon, TigerSwan forwarded Gizmodo an email which appears to contain a discussion between TigerSwan and a former TalentPen employee.
The email references “July billing details” for the unsecured AWS server discovered by UpGuard. “I'm afraid that it does show activity that seems to be consistent with the number of files and overall size of the total number of files,” the alleged former employee says.
The message continues:
“I want to know exactly how there could even be a possibility of this happening given the security in place to protect data and files. The account was setup to only give access to you and me. I even had to provide you with security credentials to access the information. While I no longer work for TalentPen since it had been dissolved earlier this year, I certainly want to help you get to the bottom of this.”
Advertisement
Gizmodo has reached out to the former TalentPen employee identified in the email and will update again if we get a response.
Update, Sept. 4, 12:00pm:
TigerSwan forwarded Gizmodo a second email over the weekend. This one, dated February 15, appears to show that TigerSwan cancelled TalentPen's services.
Advertisement
TalentPen's former employee, who is the sender of both emails, has not yet responded to a request for comment.
[UpGuard]
Kate Conger contributed to this report.
It took a painfully long time for the Windows camp to finally get its budget category going, but this autumn, Nokia's Lumia 500 range has finally picked up real momentum in Asia and the US market. Interviews with three Indian retail chains indicate that the Lumia 520 is a substantial hit in August, competing effectively against the Samsung S Duos, which has been the powerhouse smartphone in the sub-10'000 Rupee category (under $160). Popular Indian etailing sites Flipkart and Snapdeal seem to reflect this retail feedback - the Lumia 520 is showing far better traction than the Lumia 600 or Lumia 700 series models have earlier demonstrated.
Discussions with both T-Mobile and AT&T managers in New York, Chicago and Miami indicate that the $130 Lumia 521 for T-Mobile and the $100 Lumia 520 GoPhone for AT&T are now substantial hits in the contract-free category. The main draws in both Asia and America seem to be camera and display quality, which are great for the price point. Nokia seems to finally have found its legs in the US market after the deeply disappointing spring quarter.
But at what price? The Lumia 500 models at AT&T, T-Mobile, HSN, Walmart and across Asia are a lot cheaper than most observers expected them to be at the beginning of the year. Nokia has plunged daringly deeply below the $200 no-contract price point. This seems to be working wonders for the 500 series volumes during 3Q 2013. But are the relatively strong hardware specs of these cheapie models undermining sales of pricier Lumias? That is the concern of several retail managers in both India and United States. The 900, 800 and 700 series are effectively dead in the water even as the 500 series is turning out to be an unexpectedly effective rival to budget Samsung Galaxy models and Chinese low-end phones.
Nokia may be cruising towards an autumn quarter where it can deliver a surprisingly robust smartphone volumes at the cost of another deep average sales price plunge. This is a bittersweet feat - but it's worth noting that volume growth with plunging ASP level is still preferable to the deep volume disappointments HTC and BlackBerry have delivered.
Many retail experts seem to think that Nokia is playing a deliberate game of brinkmanship. It is exploiting the fact that HTC and BlackBerry lack appealing low-end smartphones by hammering them with cheapie Lumias, trying to build up Windows market share in order to establish trust as a long-term partner with operators. This may keep Nokia's handset unit in the red for several quarters, but it could also boost confidence in its long-term viability. Unit volume growth is the strongest currency in the phone business.
Nokia may also be preparing for Apple's budget iPhone by dodging for cover in the deep value territory that the cheaper iPhone cannot reach. The new value iPhone retail price in India may be $400 or $300 - but it will not be $160, that's for sure.
Will this budget gambit pay off for Nokia? That question may not be answered until 2014 or 2015, because the long game here is to extinguish rivals like BlackBerry and HTC, build up enormous volume shipments and hope that profitability will follow later. In any case, it is unlikely that Samsung will take this lying down. The Korean giant may have been caught off balance by Nokia's low-end aggression this autumn, but it is no doubt already calibrating a counterattack. Fur will fly around Christmas season when the traditional, seasonal sales boom of budget models takes place.
BELLEVUE, WA - Naming an alleged Boston Marathon bomber as a victim of gun violence because they were shot dead by police shows just how morally bankrupt Michael Bloomberg's anti-gun "No More Names" bus tour really is, the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms said today.At a Tuesday rally in Concord, N.H., event organizers read the names of shooting victims since the Sandy Hook attack last Dec. 14. Among the names of the dead was Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the marathon bombing suspect. When their name was read, people in the audience declared, "He's a terrorist," according to published reports."This is so far beyond insulting, I'm not sure there's a word in the dictionary to describe it," said CCRKBA Chairman Alan Gottlieb. "It clearly demonstrates that Michael Bloomberg's gun prohibition effort will exploit even the names of dead terror suspects to further their anti-gun agenda. That's a new low that I didn't think was possible."Tsarnaev was fatally shot by police a few nights after the marathon bombing. Their brother was wounded and is now in police custody."If Bloomberg and their Mayors Against Illegal Guns are willing to make a martyr of a terror suspect to push their agenda," Gottlieb observed, "it raises questions about the legitimacy of their campaign to disarm America, one legislative step at a time. Next thing you know, they'll be calling Osama bin Laden a victim of gun violence, too."Bloomberg is spending millions of dollars to push their vision of America onto the backs of every other citizen," they stated. "For some reason, they think their billions give them the right to dictate how much soda you can drink, what you do with your garbage and how you exercise your Second Amendment rights. Now it's clear the gun prohibition lobby, with Bloomberg in the lead, has no conscience and no shame. And these people want to dictate morality to us?"With more than 650,000 members and supporters nationwide, the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms is one of the nation's premier gun rights organizations. As a non-profit organization, the Citizens Committee is dedicated to preserving firearms freedoms through active lobbying of elected officials and facilitating grass-roots organization of gun rights activists in local communities throughout the United States. The Citizens Committee can be reached by phone at (425) 454-4911, on the Internet at www.ccrkba.org or by email to InformationRequest@ccrkba.org
Roughly a year and a half since the first Snowden disclosures, there's already been a judicial order to shut down the National Security Agency's bulk metadata collection program.
The lawsuit filed by Larry Klayperson, a veteran conservative activist, would essentially put a stop to unchecked NSA surveillance. And at the start of 2015, they remain the only plaintiff whose case has won when fighting for privacy against the newly understood government monitoring. However, it's currently a victory in name only—the judicial order in Klayperson was stayed pending the government's appeal.
Klayperson v. Obama is only one of a number of notable national security and surveillance-related civil and criminal cases stemming fully or partially from the Snowden documents. In 2014, a handful of these advanced far enough through the legal system that 2015 is likely to be a big year for privacy policy. One or more could even end up before the Supreme Court.
"I think it's impossible to tell which case will be the one that does it, but I believe that, ultimately, the Supreme Court will have to step in and decide the constitutionality of some of the NSA's practices," Mark Rumold, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, told Ars.
Rumold is one of the attorneys in First Unitarian Church, a case that is challenging government surveillance much like Klayperson. Along with that pair, headline watchers should set alerts for cases such as American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) v. Clapper, United States v. Moalin, and United States v. Muhtorov. Not only are there several other related cases that will likely be influenced by these decisions, but those five cases represent the strongest and most direct legal challenges to the current NSA surveillance state.
Ain't no party like a third party!
Before outlining the relevant cases, it's important to note the government's general justification for the legality of bulk metadata collection: the third-party doctrine.
This theory was codified most recently from a 1979 Supreme Court decision in Smith v. Maryland. In the case, the court found that individuals do not have an inherent privacy right to data that has already been disclosed to a third party. So with telecom data for instance, the government has posited that because a call from one person to another forcibly transits Verizon's network, those two parties have already shared that data with Verizon. Therefore, the government argues, such data can't be private, and it's OK to collect it.
But legal experts say that recent surveillance and privacy Supreme Court decisions could lead the courts to reconsider. The first Snowden revelation (published in June 2013) was that Verizon (and presumably other telecom firms) are routinely handing over all call records to the NSA. The metadata records include the date, times, and lengths of the calls.
In October 2013, the third-party doctrine was upheld. A Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court (FISA Court) judge ruled that there was no privacy interest in such metadata collected and analyzed by the NSA. In short, if it's OK to collect third-party data on one person, it's OK to collect it on a bunch of people.
Put another way, where one individual does not have a Fourth Amendment interest, grouping together a large number of similarly situated individuals cannot result in a Fourth Amendment interest springing into existence ex nihilo. In sum, because the Application at issue here concerns only the production of call detail records or "telephony metadata" belonging to a telephone company, and not the contents of communications, Smith v. Maryland compels the conclusion that there is no Fourth Amendment impediment to the collection. Furthermore, for the reasons stated in—and discussed above, this Court finds that the volume of records being acquired does not alter this conclusion. Indeed, there is no legal basis for this Court to find otherwise.
Further Reading Cops must have a warrant to search cell phones, rules Supreme Court
But consider two recent Supreme Court cases: United States v. Jones (2012) and Riley v. California (2014). Both were decided by rare unanimous opinions, and both indicate an awareness that modern tech has changed reasonable privacy. Jones determined that law enforcement does not have the authority to place a GPS tracker on a suspect without a warrant. Meanwhile, the court found in Riley that law enforcement cannot search a person's phone incident to arrest without a warrant.
"[These cases] are strong signs that the Supreme Court is aware that rules that were created in a period of time when the court analyzed targeted surveillance do not blindly apply where the government is collecting huge quantities of information," Patrick Toomey, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, told Ars.
"As the quantity expand, a new constitutional analysis arises. We think the same type of principle applies here. Smith v. Maryland is one suspect's data over three days as opposed to the information contained in everyone's call records contained for 10 years or more."
For their part, the EFF's Rumold agreed with this reasoning.
"Riley signals that the Supreme Court recognizes that technological distinctions matter, and we can't blindly apply old precedent to new technology," they added. "Jones, or at least the concurrences in Jones, signal that the scope and duration of surveillance makes a difference for constitutional purposes. Those twin principles put much of the NSA's domestic spying programs on pretty unsound constitutional footing."
Listing image by Oliver Wunder remixed by Aurich Lawson
Colin Firth is set to headline the true submarine disaster thriller, Kursk
A feature film based on the 2000 Kursk submarine disaster is in the works with Variety reporting that Academy Award winner Colin Firth (The King's Speech, Kingsman: The Secret Service) has signed on for a leading role. Also attached to star in the film, titled Kursk, is Belgian actor Matthias Schoenaerts (Rust and Bone, Bullhead). EuropaCorp is developing Kursk and has set Thomas Vinterberg (The Hunt, The Celebration) to direct from a script by Saving Private Ryan scribe Robert Rodat. The Oscar nominee will adapt the tale from the 2003 account of the disaster, Robert Moore's book “A Time to Die: The Untold Story of the Kursk Tragedy.” The book, published by Crown, is officially described as follows:
At 11:28 a.m. on Saturday, August 12, 2000, high in the Arctic Circle under the roiling surface of the unforgiving Barents Sea, Captain Gennady Lyachin was taking the Kursk, the pride of Russia's elite Northern Fleet, through the last steps of firing a practice torpedo, part of an elaborate naval exercise. Suddenly, the torpedo exploded in a massive fireball, instantly incinerating all seven men in the submarine's forward compartment. The horror, however, was just beginning. The full, gripping story of the remarkable drama inside the Kursk and of the desperate rescue efforts has never been told—until now.
In “A Time to Die,” a critically acclaimed best-seller in the United Kingdom, international reporter Robert Moore—who covered the Kursk tragedy from Russia as it happened—draws on exclusive access they obtained to top Russian military figures in telling the inside story of the disaster with the factual depth of the best journalism and the compelling moment-by-moment tension of a thriller. They take us right down inside the Kursk as two massive explosions—the second measuring 3.5 on the Richter scale—rip through compartment after compartment. Bringing the horror of the explosions vividly to life, they detail the agonizing drama of the twenty-three men who survived as they fight against time to be rescued.
Lisa Ellzey will serve as executive producer on the feature film. Check back for updates on the project as they become available.
(Photo Credit: WENN.com)
It's November, which means that winter is well on its way. It's a good time to curl up on the couch or a comfy chair and dig into some of the books that you've been meaning to read.
I recently interviewed horror author Joe Hill, and they discussed some modern day horrors on social media and technology as it related to their new book, Strange Weather. Even though Halloween is now behind us, fall is a great time to pick up the book. It includes four short novels — Snapshot, Loaded, Aloft, and Rain — each of which delivers a solid, terrifying premise. They're also all engrossing reads, with vivid characters sucked into terrifying circumstances. I read nearly the entire book on a single train ride, and it made the miles fly by.
There are other good reads coming up this month, too. Here are 16 books hitting bookstore shelves that you should check out.
November 7th
Valiant Dust by Richard Baker
Author and former US Navy serviceman Richard Baker is kicking off a new military science fiction series with their latest novel, Valiant Dust. In the far future, gunnery officer Sikander Singh North joins the crew of the Aquilan Commonwealth starship CSS Hector, the only Kashmiri crewmember. When the Hector is dispatched to quell a planetary revolution, he's forced to prove themselves to their crewmates, as they deal with troublesome planetary leaders and try to figure out who is arming the rebels behind the insurrection, all while coming under fire.
Places in the Darkness by Chris Brookmyre
A space station called Ciudad de Cielo — The City in the Sky — floats above the Earth as a symbol of humanity's progress and bold steps into space. Life on board is a different story, however: there's a dark criminal underworld that's ignored by officials until a murder takes place. Station police officer Nikki "Fix" Freeman is in charge of the investigation, with by-the-books officer Alice Blake assigned to help. As more bodies pile up, both realize that there's more than gang violence behind the crime spree.
Steal the Stars by Nat Cassidy
For the last couple of months, Tor Books has been experimenting with storytelling through a new imprint called Tor Labs. Its first production is a podcast story called Steal the Stars, in which a security officer named Dakota “Dak” Prentiss guards an alien spaceship in a top secret facility and hatches a plan to steal it. Tor is now releasing a novelization of the series, written by one of the cast members, Nat Cassidy. This book isn't a script that's been polished up as a cash-grab to get reluctant audio listeners to buy the story; it's a full-on novelization that stands on its own.
The Rule of Luck by Catherine Cerveny
In 2950, humanity has spread throughout the Solar System, with colonies on Venus and Mars. Felicia Sevigny makes them live in this new world by reading tarot cards. Blacklisted from having a child, they go to some shady figures to try and get around the restrictions, only to get the attention of a crime boss, Alexei Petriv. They want them to predict their future, and when they do, they find that there's trouble ahead that will pit them both against the overbearing TriSystem government. Kirkus Reviews says that the book has a “well-crafted world with a promising hero.”
Jade City by Fonda Lee
In Fonda Lee's first installment of a new fantasy trilogy, a group of clans vies for control over their island nation and its supply of jade — the source of power that enhances their magical abilities. For decades, there's been a delicate peace on the island, but with a new generation of leaders, that peace is beginning to break down, and all-out Godfather-style gang warfare is looming. The Barnes and Noble Sci-Fi and Fantasy Blog says says that the book has “a world that will be hard to forget.”
The Sisters of the Crescent Empress by Leena Likitalo
Leena Likitalo published The Five Daughters of the Moon back in July, marking the first installment of a duology inspired by the 1917 Russian revolution. Its followup, The Sisters of the Crescent Empress, hits bookstores this month. With the death of the Crescent Empress, the Crescent Empire has been torn apart by civil war, and the five sisters — Alina, Merile, Sabilia, Elise, and Celestia — have been captured by Gagargi Prataslav and their Great Thinking Machine. As they contend with their exile and make plans to escape their confinement, they stumble upon ghosts and mysteries in their prison. Publisher's Weekly says that “Likitalo's emotional and lyrical dark fairy tale will give readers plenty to think about.”
Communications Failure by Joe Zieja
Joe Zieja made their debut last year with the comedic military science fiction novel Mechanical Failure, where an ex-sergeant named R. Wilson Rogers was recalled back to the interstellar navy as it prepared for war. In Communications Failure, Rogers has unwillingly climbed the ladder to become the acting admiral of the 331st Meridan fleet. Now in charge, they have to face off against an enemy fleet that's moving under suspect intelligence and miscommunications, leading both sides to accidentally start a war. These books have been compared to Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Publisher's Weekly says that the book's highlights include a “droid undergoing an existential crisis, a pilot obsessed with flashy maneuvers, a zookeeper determined to become a spy, and Rogers himself, an engineer who never wanted to be in charge of anyone.”
November 14th
Dark Deeds by Mike Brooks
Mike Brooks published their debut novel Dark Run last year, following Ichabod Drift's crew of smugglers and mercenaries of the starship Keiko, where they were hired to bring a mysterious cargo to Earth — no questions asked. Its followup, Dark Sky, brings the crew along on a new mission to the Rassvet System, only to get caught up in a revolution. As Dark Deeds picks up, the crew has failed that last mission, and their client isn't happy. When Drift's second-in-command is taken hostage, they're forced to raise the funds to get them back. Publisher's Weekly recently gave the book a star rating, saying that the action is fantastic, and that Brooks has assembled a great group of characters.
City of Brass by S.A. Chakraborty
S.A. Chakraborty's debut novel is the first of their Daevabad trilogy, set in Cairo in the 18th century. A young woman named Nahri makes them live with palm readings and other tricks, but is forced to question their beliefs when they accidentally summon a djinn warrior named Dara. They tell them that magic is real and powerful, and that she's been threatened by an evil djinn. They must make the long and treacherous journey to a mysterious and legendary city known as Daevabad, where they meet fantastic creatures and learns unexpected secrets about their heritage. Kirkus Reviews gave the book a star rating, calling it a “highly impressive and exceptionally promising” novel.
Oathbringer by Brandon Sanderson
Oathbringer is the third installment of Brandon Sanderson's Stormlight Archive series. After the events of the last book, the ancient enemy of humanity — the Voidbringers — have returned, and the only ones who can save the planet are the recently restored magical order of the Knights Radiant. If you can't wait for the book, Tor.com is posting the first 32 chapters of the novel online. Sanderson has seven more installments planned, and China-based DMG Entertainment has optioned the series to build a massive film franchise and has been using VR to pitch the project to prospective buyers.
Creatures of Will and Temper by Molly Tanzer
Molly Tanzer's latest novel is set in a Victorian-era world, inspired in part by The Picture of Dorian Gray. Evadne Gray and their younger sister Dorina travel to London to stay with their uncle, Basil Hallward, who grieves for their deceased lover. Evadne would rather focus on fencing than watch their headstrong sister, but the pair are soon drawn into a secret underworld populated by demons and diabolists. Only Evadne's skills as a fencer can save them. Publisher's Weekly says that Tanzer's “gorgeously portrayed three-dimensional characters and sensual prose propel this smoothly entertaining story to an emotionally affecting end.”
Beyond the Empire by K.B. Wagers
K.B Wager's Indranan War series comes to an end with Beyond the Empire. Following the assassination of their parents and sisters, former gunrunner and smuggler Hail Bristol has returned home to become the Empress of the Indranan Empire, fending off attempts to remove them from the throne. Now, the empire is under attack from all sides, and she's prepared to defend it with all-out war. Publisher's Weekly gave the book a star review, saying that it's a “satisfyingly thunderous end to Hail's quest for vengeance.”
Artemis by Andy Weir
Andy Weir scored an incredible hit with their debut novel The Martian, which was then turned into a major blockbuster movie. That's a tall order to top with their second novel, Artemis, a crime thriller set on the moon. The story follows Jazz Bashara, a smuggler on the moon's only city, Artemis. When she's hired by a billionaire to commit some sabotage, they find themselves drawn into a bigger plot for the future of the city.
At San Diego Comic-Con, Weir told The Verge that it was pretty scary to follow up The Martian, but said that they hoped people would find it to be a good read.
November 21st
Winter of Ice and Iron by Rachel Neumeier
In Rachel Neumeier's new epic fantasy novel, Princess Kehara Raehema is the heir to the throne in the peaceful land of Harivir. To save their people, they reluctantly marry a brutal ruler from a neighboring land, to ensure that their land is safe. Hundreds of miles away, Innisth Eanete, the Wolf Duke of Pohorir, dreams of freeing their own people, and when Kehara arrives, there's an unexpected opportunity for both to save their worlds. Publisher's Weekly gave the book a star review, saying that it's a tense story that “focus[es] on its characters and the implications of its worldbuilding.”
November 28th
Starfire: Shadow Sun Seven by Spencer Ellsworth
In August, Spencer Ellsworth published Starfire: A Red Peace, a military science fiction novella about a half-breed human star navigator named Jaqi who accidentally acquires an artifact that gets them targeted by the leader of a revolution. In the next installment of the series, Jaqi and their companions Araskar and Z are on the run from everyone. With a bounty on their heads, they have one card to play to earn their freedom: they know where to find a supply of desperately-needed pure oxygen cells. Getting help from some unlikely allies, they get ready to break into a facility on the edge of the Dark Zone.
Mass Effect: Initiation by N.K. Jemisin
Earlier this year, Titan Books announced that it was bringing on an exciting new group of authors to pen tie-in novels for the Mass Effect franchise, including Hugo-winner N.K. Jemisin. Mass Effect: Initiation follows Lieutenant Cora Harper, part of the Asari commando unit Talein's Daughters. They find themselves out of place on Earth and ends up joining the Andromeda Initiative — a massive colonization project that will bring humanity to the Andromeda Galaxy — as Alec Ryder's second-in-command. When a piece of essential and dangerous technology goes missing, it's up to them to recover it. Jemisin is the author of the brilliant Broken Earth trilogy, and I'm excited to see what they do with this world.
Big update from Rhialto about the upcoming agenda items to get the game ready for alpha testing in early August.
New Website
There will be a very basic website live when the game launches. It will mostly function as a landing spot for the privacy policy and news announcements. Rhialto expects player-created sites and wikis (such as this one) to have the more interesting web content. Site will be finished when Wyvern's artists polish up some of their ideas.
High Score Lists
High score lists will return for the launch of the game. They will use most of the old high-score code and will just need to be ported to the new system. The score lists will be included in the iOS interface, so you do not have to go to the web to view the leaders.
Players Reset for Alpha
Rhialto will be resetting all players to level 1, which includes backing up the old table. They will also be giving everyone who used to play the game goodies based on how much they played.
Alpha Testers Limited to 17
Apple only allows for 25 alpha testers. The game currently has 8 spots accounted for, which means Rhialto will be choosing 17 people who will get t download the alpha client for their iPhone or iPad(s) and play it during August/September. The alpha will last 2 months, during which time Rhialto will be fixing as many bugs as possible, and keeping the feature development to an absolute minimum. Beta test is slated to start early October and according to Apple's rules, it can support up to 2000 players and runs for up to 60 days. With everything on schedule, testing will be done in December and the game can aim for a holiday launch.
No Player Resets After the Alpha
After the initial player reset that is scheduled to occur in the next few days, there will be no player resets after the alpha, and Rhialto is very likely to not reset players after the Beta either. There will still be the possibility of tweaks or modifications to the game balance or the players based on what is uncovered during beta. Justification for the new change:
Rhialto: But resetting folks is no fun for anyone, and it'll be nice to go into the real launch with a well-rounded high score list.
Other Action Items
In the upcoming weeks Rhialto will also be making changes to the log system so everything is saved permanently, securing permission from Alpha to get Wyvern submitted for alpha testing, and waiting for the final player artwork, which mostly includes guild costumes, from Wyvern's artists.
As I showed in this post, the claim that Iraq was responsible for the anthrax attack developed in two phases. First, after the first and less lethal round of attacks, Neocons spread the story that Iraq had supplied anthrax to Al Qaeda. Then, after the more lethal attacks associated with the letters to Daschle and Leahy, ABC News reported that Ft. Detrick scientists had found bentonite in the anthrax samples.
In comments, I suggested that it was possible the first round of accusations were just typical Neocon war-mongering, but that the second round was the culprit, playing on the Neocon attacks, inventing the bentonite claim as an alibi. In other words, after the attacks started killing people, the culprit may have spread the claim that the anthrax had to have come from Iraq as a way of throwing suspicion off them or their colleagues.
A couple of longer articles on Ivins make it clear that they were in a position to spread such disinformation. For example, the WaPo reports that Ivins was one of the scientists analyzing the anthrax for the FBI.
Their expertise eventually earned them a front-row seat for the FBI's investigation, as they were called upon to help the bureau with its analysis of the wispy powder used in the attacks. [snip] After the anthrax mailings in October 2001, the Fort Detrick labs went into a frenetic response, testing suspicious mail and packages virtually round-the-clock. Ivins was part of a team that analyzed the handwritten letter sent to Daschle, packed with Bacillus anthracis spores that matched the primary strain used in Fort Detrick research.
Creepier still, the WaPo reports that Ivins volunteered for the Red Cross as it supported FBI agents investigating Stephen Hatfil.
In fact, in early June 2003, when the FBI drained a pond in rural Maryland in search of clues to the perpetrator of the anthrax attacks, Ivins was one of the Red Cross volunteers who brought investigators coffee and donuts. Investigators, however, singled them out and asked them to leave "because they were somebody involved in the investigation," said Byrne, Ivins's former colleague and fellow parishioner.
None of this, of course, means that Ivins was the killer–nor that they acted alone. The WaPo also reports, for example, that Ivins' work was supportive of those opposed to mandatory anthrax vaccination–which would seem to refute their claimed motive (to make money–as this LAT article explains, expanding on stuff JimWhite noted yesterday).
Ezzell said the experiments did not involve anthrax in its dried form, the type found in the letter to then-Senate Majority Leader Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.) that was so finely ground it could immediately become airborne. Ivins worked with small teams of scientists; their findings had global significance in the field of anthrax studies and were later used by opponents of a mandatory vaccination program instituted by the Pentagon that has been highly controversial. Meryl Nass, a physician and leader in the vaccine opposition movement, met Ivins at a conference in the early 1990s, and they talked regularly over the next decade. They said Ivins told them they had a chronic blood disorder and feared that it might be linked to the anthrax vaccine booster shots they had to take to work in the Fort Detrick laboratory. "He had some issues with work," Nass said in an interview.
Also, I'm still dubious about the claims Ivins' analyst made–because they claim they have homicidal tendencies going back years, which none of the people interviewed about Ivins seem to have noticed.
In court records, filed after Dr. Ivins discussed their plans to kill their co-workers, a social worker who led the sessions, Jean Duley, said that Dr. Ivins's psychiatrist had “called them homicidal, sociopathic with clear intentions.” They went on to say that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was looking at Dr. Ivins and that they would soon be charged with five murders — the same number of fatalities in the anthrax attacks. “He is a revenge killer,” Ms. Duley told a Maryland District Court judge in Frederick as they sought a restraining order against Dr. Ivins. “When they feel that they have been slighted, and especially towards women, they plot and actually tries to carry out revenge killings.”
And it's not like the anthrax killings were revenge killings (nor did they target women). I'm also curious about what led Ivins to lose consciousness earlier this spring. Suicide attempt? Stress? A blow to the head? It could be anything.
The LAT suggests that DOJ is going to release investigative documents, which I guess may clarify things somewhat.
If the investigation is declared over, the department will seek a court order releasing investigative documents in the case that have been under court seal, the officials said. They declined to be identified because they were not authorized to discuss the investigation publicly. "We anticipate being able to provide additional details in the near future," the Justice Department statement said. Officials indicated in the statement that they wanted to update victims of the attacks about the investigation before making further details public.
Until then, it sure seems that Ivins was in a position to inject disinformation into the investigation.
MySQL creator Michael “Monty” Widenius has gone on a noisy rant about last week's release of MySQL 5.1 because Sun Microsystems has unleashed the database even though it still contains “fatal bugs”.
Sun made the popular open source db generally available (GA) last Thursday following months of development. By Saturday Monty was grumbling that MySQL 5.1 wasn't entirely ready for mainstream production use yet.
In a long-winded blog post sardonically entitled “Oops we did it again – MySQL 5.1 released as GA with crashing bugs”, Monty warned users to take cautious steps before deploying the latest version of the database on live systems.
At least 20 flaws that cause MySQL to either crash or produce erroneous results remain in MySQL 5.1, they claimed. Monty advised that users effectively treat 5.1 as a beta rather than a GA, and perhaps even consider holding off until early patches arrive.
They said the MySQL management team at Sun has failed to learn from its earlier mistakes when – they argue – it released a bug-riddled version of the 5.0 database too soon.
According to Monty, the main argument behind pushing out MySQL 5.1 now is that “it's better than MySQL 5.0 was when it was declared as GA.
“In my opinion, this is not a good reason to declare something GA, especially as 5.0 GA was in terrible shape when it was released. What is worse is that the new features in MySQL 5.1 are of no better quality than new features in MySQL 5.0 was at the time MySQL 5.0 was declared GA,” they said.
Despite all the griping, they reckoned new users should grasp the nettle and use MySQL 5.1 because it's better than the 5.0 community version, which hasn't been updated for some time.
Monty was also at pains to point out that Sun, which acquired MySQL in February 2008 for $1bn, wasn't to blame for what they see as a premature release of the database.
“The decisions to do a GA release was solely been made by the MySQL management in Sun,” they said. “The only thing Sun can be blamed for is to not start fixing the MySQL development organisation soon enough to ensure that things like this can't happen.
“I still have some hopes that Sun will come in and fix the MySQL development organisation, but with MySQL server releases like this one my hopes have started to fade a bit.”
One mysterious database administrator hit back at Monty's efforts to “ambush their colleagues with a truckload of blame” in a blog post today.
They said: “This is another case of a developer, a brilliant one, mind you, one of the brightest in the open source arena, but a developer nonetheless, who has a non-user oriented mindset and is inflicting their view on the users.”
In 1995 Monty, the primary architect of the original MySQL database, co-founded MySQL AB with David Axmark, who recently quit the firm. They walked in October grumbling that they "hated" all the rules they had to follow at Sun.
Since then speculation has continued to mount about Monty's future at the firm. But despite all their gripes he's hanging on in there – for now. ®
Obama came on the scoreboard and unanimous "boo" went through the stadium #spartyon — Jake Wasko (@jake_wasko) October 5, 2014
Most interesting MSU student section cheer today? booed loudly when Obama was shown on video board. — Kelly Weber (@StateLady) October 5, 2014
According to reports on Twitter and from several individuals who called into the Rush Limbaugh Show on Monday, President Obama was enthusiastically booed when they appeared in a public service announcement shown on the scoreboard video screen at Michigan State University during Saturday's football game against Nebraska.
The "It's On Us" PSA, which features a parade of celebrities in addition to the president and Vice President Biden, was designed "to fundamentally shift the way we think about sexual assault, by inspiring everyone to see it as their responsibility to do something, big or small, to prevent it," according to a White House press release. The campaign was launched in partnership with the Center for American Progress' Generation Progress and students from nearly 200 colleges and universities across the country. The NCAA has agreed to assist the White House through "resources on NCAA.org; coverage of the campaign in its award-winning quarterly magazine, Champion; activities during the National Week of Action in November; and a half-day session on sexual assault and violence prevention at the Association's annual convention in January." The NCAA also agreed to show the PSAs at NCAA championship events and on social media.
The student section started the booing when President Obama's face appeared on the screen at the end of the video. They were joined by others in the stadium.
Never been more proud to be a Spartan when the Student Section boo'd Obama. — Sam Willis (@CarmelChewy) October 5, 2014
Obama just came on the screen and the whole stadium booed.. Lol — Hope ? (@HopeAutumn10) October 5, 2014
See the video Michigan State fans booed on the next page:
We use the term Game of the Night loosely in this case. Cliff Lee and Matt Cain gave us a hellacious pitcher's duel in San Francisco, and Bartolo Colon threw 38 (!!!) strikes in a row in a monster start against the Angels. We'll do our best to get you a taste of both those games later today. Here's the one game we actually watched beginning to end.
Quick, name the 10 most underrated players in baseball. Is Jaime Garcia on your list? Because you can make a strong case they belong there.
Let's start with their backstory. Two years ago, the New York Times‘s Tyler Kepner recounted the story of how Garcia became a Cardinal. The Orioles picked the Mexico-born lefty, out of a Texas high school, in the 30th round of the 2004 draft. Back then, the O's gave all their draftees a special test before signing them. But the test they gave to Garcia was translated into Spanish, very poorly at that. Garcia didn't do well on the mutilated test, so Baltimore cut them loose. The Cardinals drafted them the next year in the 22nd round.
Their draft status matched the velocity on their fastball — neither was impressive. Garcia profiled as your typical finesse lefty, someone who might find some success if everything broke right, but more likely wouldn't amount to anything given their sub-90 radar gun readings. They did crack the big leagues, an impressive feat for any 22nd-round pick, let alone a 30th-rounder. But 10 games into their major league career, their elbow gave out. With Tommy John surgery ahead and little prospect fame to fall back on (Baseball America ranked them no. 70 among all prospects in 2007, but they were nobody's vision of a future frontline starter), that might've been the end of the then-22-year-old pitcher's big league career.
Nope. Garcia returned to the majors in 2010. And this time, they thrived, making 28 starts and impressing in every way, from the traditional (13-8, 2.70 ERA) to the analytical (3.41 FIP, 3.1 Wins Above Replacement). In 2011, they were even better by advanced metrics, slashing more than one walk per nine innings off their ledger, posting a 3.23 FIP and 3.6 WAR. Those kinds of results would place Garcia in the category of “good player” per FanGraphs' WAR guide, on the cusp of All-Star ability.
But at the risk of losing my nerd card … Garcia is someone who needs to be watched to be fully appreciated. For starters, they throw six pitches: a four-seam fastball, a cutter, a curveball, slider, changeup, and two-seam fastball. He'll throw each of these pitches in any count, going inside and outside, high and low, changing hitter's eye levels and swing planes, and generally being a royal pain in the ass. Despite their high-80s velocity, Garcia actually rates just a tick above average at striking out hitters, nudging just above seven Ks per nine innings in their young career. But he's clearly content to induce weak contact, dispensing of hitters on a couple of pitches rather than running up deep counts and getting bounced from games early.
The most enjoyable pitch to watch (assuming that, like me, you consider smart pitching to be pornographic in nature) is the two-seamer. If thrown correctly, it acts like an evil hybrid of a screwball and sinker, breaking down and away to opposite-handed hitters like an R.B.I. Baseball pitch from hell. Garcia throws it correctly. The result is a nightly romp through the torture chamber for right-handed batters unlucky enough to face him.
Last night wasn't Garcia's best by any means, with the two-seamer or otherwise: They went seven innings, allowing seven hits and three walks and striking out just three. They hung several pitches that Reds batters slapped into the ground, including this belt-high two-seamer that Chris Heisey hacked at on the first pitch, making weak contact and rolling into a double play. Call it a case of skill meets luck: Garcia threw just 89 pitches over those seven innings, 32 of them two-seamers. They got batters to swing early in the count, and induced four big double plays.
Though the Heisey twin killing did require some good fortune, a better example of Garcia's oeuvre came an inning earlier. The Reds had cut the lead to 5-1, then put the first two men on base to start the sixth, bringing the 4-5-6 hitters to the plate, headed by noted antagonist Brandon Phillips. After a first-pitch changeup, Garcia went to the two-seamer. It didn't quite have the vintage Fernando Valenzuela screwball action on it. But it broke down sharply, to Phillips's shins. One feeble swing later, the Cardinals had two outs, short-circuiting the Reds' last and best chance to come back in a game that ended as an 11-1 blowout win for St. Louis.
Befitting a pitcher with subtle and varied skills, Garcia wields a secret weapon that makes their game better: Dude can hit a little. They came into Wednesday night's game hitting .140/.175/.174 for their career, a terrible line for a position player, but quite decent for a pitcher — good for 0.5 WAR over 136 career plate appearances, in fact. Since 2010, the first year Garcia became a full-time major league starter, he's tied for 36 among 433 qualified pitchers in hitting WAR. Garcia can do more than put good swings on pitches, too. Facing Reds starter Mat Latos in the bottom of the sixth with two on and two out, Garcia started grinding. And grinding. They made Latos throw eight pitches without recording an out. Finally, on pitch number nine of the at-bat, Garcia broke out their boomstick. Induce four double plays in one game and hit a 395-foot triple, and you've done well, my friends.
A few other notes from the Cardinals' one-sided win:
• Matt Carpenter did a terrific job for St. Louis filling in for the injured David Freese and Lance Berkman, going 9-for-22 with two doubles, two triples, and a homer in nine games. But with Freese and Berkman back healthy, Cardinals brass would've been happy for Carpenter to see only occasional fill-in work thereafter. Not so much, as it turns out. Berkman chased after a popup down the first-base line in the top of the fifth. Not only did they not come up with the ball, they also reaggravated their nagging left calf injury. Carpenter pinch-hit for Berkman in the bottom of the inning. With so many fragile players in key roles on the roster (Berkman, Freese, Carlos Beltran, and Rafael Furcal, as well as Adam Wainwright returning from Tommy John surgery and Chris Carpenter out indefinitely), the Cards are something of a boom-or-bust team this year. They lead all baseball with 70 runs scored after tonight's romp and hold the NL's second-best record at 9-3. But those early returns could evaporate if the injuries start to mount.
Then again, Carpenter is just the latest in a long line of Cardinals fill-ins who've thrived in recent years … a few with impressive pedigrees, but many of them out-of-nowhere guys who've just kicked butt when given a chance. Jon Jay, Skip Schumaker, Allen Craig, Lance Lynn, Eduardo Sanchez, now Carpenter … no Bryce Harpers in the bunch, but some pretty damn good production nonetheless.
• Another of those fill-in types, Tyler Greene, cranked a pitch down the left-field line and out in the eighth for their first homer of the year. Greene was considered one of the favorites to win the second-base job with Schumaker starting the year on the DL. But he's been relegated to a platoon role with utility infielder Daniel Descalso. When Schumaker and 2011 playoff hero Allen Craig come up, there'll be a roster crunch, and even greater uncertainty over who mans the deuce. Having choices is a good thing, of course. But sorting out whether Greene's bat could be playable every day, whether Craig can be competent enough defensively to handle second, or whether a nightly carousel would be necessary to handle the position remains one of the Cardinals' biggest decisions this year.
• There wasn't much to cheer about Wednesday night if you're a Reds fan. Except this: Scott Rolen's ninth-inning double off Kyle McClellan tied Andre Dawson for 51st all time in doubles at 503. That put Rolen three away from … Babe Ruth. There are many who would argue (perhaps rightfully so) that Rolen didn't have a monster peak — that they were a top-seven NL player (by WAR) just once and top-13 in MVP voting just once. But Rolen's career numbers do compare favorably to many current Hall of Famers: .281/.365/.493 at a position that doesn't generate nearly as many hitting stars as third base's reputation has led us to believe, with Gold Glove–caliber defense for nearly a decade and a half, adding up to 73.5 WAR (Jim Rice 56.1, Andre Dawson 62.3, Ozzie Smith 70.3). Rolen's skill set — great D, tons of walks, and those copious doubles — doesn't typically translate well to Hall of Fame votes. But at the very least, Rolen deserves more than the cursory hand-wave likely to come from certain cynical voters with round-numbers-or-GTFO attitudes toward Cooperstown candidates. Scott Rolen was one of the best players of their generation, and they deserve to be acknowledged as such.
Do you think it's fair that players get labelled with only one or two traits?
Do I think it's fair? Not totally.
Hockey is, in terms of personality, the most boring sport on earth.
When I look at the players I've had the privilege to work with in Sudbury, or friends who play in the NHL, they're different when they're in front of a camera than when we're playing road hockey.
Hockey players are so reserved in the media, because everyone says something they get destroyed in the media. In the NBA, NFL, MLB, you have players speaking their mind all of the time. Look at what Richard Sherman did this year. Richard Sherman is a good football player. You would never see someone like Toews or Crosby or Monahan speak so openly. I wish they would. The blame lies partly with the media and partly with the fans. We're so unjustly hard on players. If I was a player, I'd be really careful about what I said. Even for me, I want to be a GM, and I understand that what I say to the public is going to be very toned down compared to what I would say in private. When I look at the players I've had the privilege to work with in Sudbury, or friends who play in the NHL, they're different when they're in front of a camera than when we're playing road hockey. I'll give you two examples - David Levin and Dmitri Sokolov.
David Levin has a neat story, they came over from Israel. I can easily say I have not met a more polite kid in hockey, maybe my entire life. He's so reserved in front of the camera, and partly because english is their second language. When you get to know him, they are a delight to be around. He's a great teammate. Dmitri is the same way. There's often this negative narrative around Russian players, but Dmitri is the total opposite of that. He'll see people around the rink and want to catch up and ask about family, and they take a genuine interest in people. That's something that a lot of fans don't get to see. These players genuinely care. I don't think the media does a good enough job showing that side of the game.
Anytime we get any player saying anything remotely interesting, it gets dissected and twisted. Maybe if we got more personality in the game all at once people would get over it. Until then, I can understand why players are so hesitant.
They definitely are.
When Connor [McDavid] came out and was talking about Brandon Manning and what they said on the ice regarding a particular hit, that made the news for two weeks straight. All they did was tell the truth. It's hard for players to speak openly when they're on the front page of the newspaper for four days. When we put our players through media training, we also say to make sure what you're saying can't be misconstrued, because I guarantee you it will be.
It's the reason why hockey twitter is what it is.
What about reducing a player to one or two on-ice traits?
It's not a fair assessment at all.
I watch thousands of hours of video, whether NHL or in Sudbury. You can't make a qualified opinion on a player if you've only watched them once or twice. I have a rule of thumb - I take notes when I watch a player or team, and I won't form any sort of opinion until I've watched them at least ten times. Then I'll look back at my notes and form my opinion on that.
Auston Matthews was billed as a two-way, Anze Kopitar type of player.
That's all we heard about last season.
Auston Matthews is not an Anze Kopitar type of player.
Their shot is like Joe Sakic. The guy is on pace for forty goals. Anze Kopitar hasn't sniffed forty in their career.
He's a dog on the puck, and they get's it back - dare I say it - almost like Pavel Datsyuk does. Kopitar doesn't quite have that.
They do have that two-way ability, like Kopitar does, but they are far more offensive.
Well you can be a great skater and read the play well, but if you can't pass the puck, what are you doing for me?
They display so many traits that he's not just a two-way centre. He's been a scoring dynamo. That's why I can't stand when people say player x is a stay-at-home defenseman, or he's a great skater and they read the play well. Well you can be a great skater and read the play well, but if you can't pass the puck, what are you doing for me? I think people stick to two or three traits that stand out, and that does the player a great injustice.
To some extent even Sidney Crosby gets that. If someone can find me even one weakness in Crosby's game, I'd love to see it, yet they get's billed as an explosive puck-protecting playmaker. Last I checked, they were leading the league in goals. Players are more well-rounded than most people think they are, you just have to take the time to watch them.
I remember watching a particular New Jersey Devils game- Ilya Kovalchuk had the puck on a two on one. The other Devils player was Anton Volchenkov - talk about a stay-at-home defensman. Kovalchuk had the puck and everyone is screaming for them to shoot because he's Kovalchuk and, well, that's Volchenkov.
Kovalchuk passed it, and Volchenkov ripped the puck and scored what was probably their only goal that season. It seems like at that level you need to have at least a certain level of proficiency with every tool in the NHL.
A sweet, dissolvable stimulant for kids with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) hit the market this month to a salty reception. “Tasty And Easy To Take, A New ADHD Drug Alarms Some Psychiatrists,” read medical site STAT's headline; “Scary New Adderall-Type Drug for Children Looks & Tastes Just Like Candy” read another on Jezebel.
Concerned doctors called Adzenys, an orange-flavored orally disintegrating pill a “recipe for people to request it and then sell it.” Others worried that a medicine targeting kids would exacerbate the “over-medicating” of that demographic. Their overarching conclusion: the risks associated with this drug outweigh the benefits.
But what if they're wrong?
Admittedly, the concept of kids smiling with a candy-flavored amphetamine on their tongue—which is, fittingly, the marketing picture—is disarming. But despite the unease that accompanied Adzenys launch, Harvard neuropsychiatrist Dr. Theresa Cerulli, who specializes in ADHD, argues the drug is actually safer and could positively benefit millions of families nationwide.
After years of working with families of children with ADHD, they say getting them to take medicine is a major hurdle—one that a dissolvable pill just might fix. If it does, it could have wide-ranging effects. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 11 percent of American children in the U.S. aged 4-17 had been diagnosed with ADHD by 2011.
Those struggling not only face difficulty with school, but are 10 percent more likely to experience major injuries than their peers. For the estimated 6 million families trying to manage kids with the disorder, an easier way to manage the symptoms of the disease could prove life-changing.
“A huge barrier to treatment is that they just don't want to take pills,” Cerulli told The Daily Beast. “There's a misconception that kids want to be on medicine. Most of these kids don't.” One part of the problem, they said, has to do with stigma. Kids feel anxious about taking a pill because it makes them “weird” or different from peers.
But the bigger part, according to Cerulli, is a simple fact: the majority of kids hate swallowing pills. Studied since the 1980s, it's a concept that was recently revived in a 2015 survey from Pediatrics, in which 50 percent of parents said they had kids who couldn't swallow a pill. While the study suggested potential therapeutic interventions, they said forcing kids into swallowing something they don't want to can exacerbate the problem.
Cerulli's own daughter suffers from ADHD. Trying to convince them to swallow a pill every morning is “a huge hurdle” that threatens to throw off their routine—an important precursor to a good day. “You're trying to get everything organized, your schedule, get your kids out the door, and it's chaos,” they said. “To have anything that makes it easier, it makes the compliance and the family's ability to handle it go way up.”
Chemically similar to extended-release Adderall, the drug was approved the Food and Drug Administration in January, four years after its initial petition. In the FDA's clinical review, researchers deemed it so similar to Adderall XR that it considered the safety and efficacy studies of that drug “adequate to support the clinical doses of amphetamine in this product.”
Extended time release Adderall, or Adderall XR, is widely recognized as first-line treatment for both adults and children suffering from ADHD. Usually taken in a capsule, it contains two different chemicals which, together, prolong the release of the drug. Multiple studies have shown it to be effective at treating hyperactivity and impulse control in patients with ADHD—two hallmark symptoms of the disorder.
Scientists have proven Adderall XR safe enough for children. In a 2006 study, researchers from Harvard University tested the drug found it to cause “significant improvements” in adolescents with ADHD, leading them to deem it an “effective and well tolerated” solution for kids with the disorder. Adzenys, like its sister drug, seems well tolerated too. In an analysis listed in the clinical review, test subjects reported few adverse effects—mostly mild.
Neos Therapeutics, the Texas-based company behind it has also defended the product's validity, insisting that it fills an “unmet need” in the market. “[Our goal] is to provide an alternative for patients and families that have struggled to find the right treatment for this serious neurobehavioral disorder,” a spokesperson from the company told The Daily Beast. “Patients in other disease categories have a variety of options at their disposal and patients with ADHD and their physicians should have the same treatment options available to them.”
The company also points out that adding flavor to bitter and unpleasant taste in medicines is a common practice in the medical world, a tactic that can “increase patient likelihood to stay on treatment.”
As for the black market, the orange-flavored pill may be less desirable than it seems. Since it's extended release, it provides a steady dose of the medicine all day, not an immediate high—a fact that makes extended release Adderall “far less likely” to be abused than the regular version. “Dissolving it isn't activating it,” says Cerulli of people who may want to abuse the drug. “With stimulant medications the highest abuse potential comes from short-acting medications. I think people are thinking of [Adzenys] as an even faster acting one and it's the opposite.”
Not everyone agrees with the glowing assessment Cerulli has made. Nicolas Rasmussen, a historian and author of the book On Speed: The Many Lives of Amphetamine, worries that turning a “neurotoxic and addictive drug into candy” is dangerous because kids may like the taste enough to help themselves for more. It's an important point, but one that seems parents—by hiding the medicine from their kids reach—could fairly easily circumvent.
Cerulli, who has experienced children with ADHD both as a parent and doctor, contends that Adzenys may open a new door for better treatment. “This can be more collaborative, so it doesn't feel so invasive to the child. To have something that isn't as much of a barrier, where the child doesn't feel like they're taking a pill, it's incredibly useful,” they said. “I think unless families have lived it, they can't understand.”
Global Warming has Ended, the Earth is Now Cooling
Most reasonable, sane people realize that the earth goes through natural heating and cooling periods over time. Most thinking people realize that man is so insignificant in the scheme of the universe and on the earth that man is not responsible for heating the earth.
It now appears as though the earth's latest warming period is over and now a cooling period will begin. This is natural cooling, not human-made cooling.
From this article we read the following:
Over the past year, anecdotal evidence for a cooling planet has exploded. China has its coldest winter in 100 years. Baghdad sees its first snow in all recorded history. North America has the most snowcover in 50 years, with places like Wisconsin the highest since record-keeping began. Record levels of Antarctic sea ice, record cold in Minnesota, Texas, Florida, Mexico, Australia, Iran, Greece, South Africa, Greenland, Argentina, Chile — the list goes on and on.
The article then goes on to say that this is all anecdotal evidence ( all the warming theories are based on anecdotal evidence) but that hard scientific fact is now backing up the theory that the earth is now cooling.
All four major global temperature tracking outlets (Hadley, NASA's GISS, UAH, RSS) have released updated data. All show that over the past year, global temperatures have dropped precipitously. The total amount of cooling ranges from 0.65C up to 0.75C — a value large enough to wipe out nearly all the warming recorded over the past 100 years. All in one year's time. For all four sources, it's the single fastest temperature change ever recorded, either up or down.
In one year the effects of 100 years of global warming have been reversed. Yet we don't hear about this from Al Gore and the rest of the global warming alarmists. It doesn't fit the we-need-to-tax-the-shit-out-of-you-to save-the-planet model, so it is ignored. The truth is these politicians know that they are promoting a false crisis in order to raise the tax burden on the American people, we just need more Americans to realize this hoax for what it is. It is perhaps the greatest scandal ever created and we need to put it to an end soon.
So, if man is causing the earth to heat or cool, what is?
Scientists quoted in a past DailyTech article link the cooling to reduced solar activity which they claim is a much larger driver of climate change than human-made greenhouse gases.
Did I just post a quote from an article that has the audacity to say that the reason that the earth warms and cools is because of solar activity? You mean the sun can heat and cool the earth? How can these people expect us to believe that the sun has been responsible for warming the earth?
Slowly but surely scientists are beginning to debunk the idea that man is causing the earth to warm, and now we have scientist who say the earth is beginning a new cooling period. It is time for Americans to start to realize what the whole global warming scam is about. It is time for Americans to ask themselves why the leading advocates for global warming are politicians, not scientists. It is time for Americans to ask themselves why these same politicians tell us the only way to stop global warming is through more taxes.
The truth is that global warming is the largest attempt at a money grap by politicians in the history of America.
We can not sit by and let these politicians get away with it, we can't afford it!
Advertisements
As the creative genius behind Fawlty Towers and one of the leading lights in Monty Python, John Cleese is regarded as one of the finest comedians ever to work at the BBC.
But forty years after BBC Two viewers were taken inside Basil Fawlty's fictional Torquay hotel for the first time, the man behind the irascible hotelier says that they will never work for the corporation again .
In an interview with ShortList magazine, published today, Cleese said: “There's no way I want to work in TV, especially at the BBC. I have a nasty feeling a large proportion of the commissioning editors have no idea what they're doing . I said this the other day, and a younger comic said, ‘No, there's one at the BBC.' Just the one.”
The comedian said that they do not watch television, “except when it's sport”, adding: “When I've got an evening off, I pick up a book as a reflex.” ITV was also a target for their scorn. “I went to see Peter Fincham – head of ITV – three years ago,” Cleese said. “You could not imagine the abyss between our minds. Everything I was interested in, their eyes just glazed over. Every time Fincham suggested something, I thought, ‘Why would I want to do something as clichéd as that?'”
'The past seven years I've been earning to pay off the alimony. But I'm now free to do things that interest me.' John Cleese
Cleese, who celebrated their 76th birthday last month, said that a downside of becoming a senior citizen was their lack of understanding of modern technology. They told the magazine: “One of the things about getting old is that you lose touch with the contemporary scene. I find it rather amusing that I'm still managing to earn a living despite the fact that I have no idea why anybody would use Facebook.”
After divorcing their third wife, Alice Faye Eichelberger, an American psychotherapist, in 2008, Cleese was ordered to pay their former partner £12 million, including an annual payment of £600,000 for seven years.
The comedian has complained bitterly about the settlement, even naming a touring production of live performances as their “Alimony Tour”. Their fellow Monty Python colleagues have joked that they were persuaded to take part in their 2014 live reunion show because of the need to finance their divorce.
But earlier this year Cleese announced that they had finished making the compulsory payments, and now they say they will no longer be forced to take on projects solely for the money. They said: “The past seven years I've been earning to pay off the alimony. But I'm now free to do things that interest me. I've adapted a Georges Feydeau farce called Bang Bang. There's a good chance it will be on in the West End.”
'In Fawlty Towers, I always tried to make the sequences as long as possible, because you build the pressure' John Cleese
Feydeau, the French dramatist, is considered a master of farce, and according to comedy folklore, Cleese and their first wife, Connie Booth, repeatedly went to watch a production of their 1907 play, A Flea in Them Ear, while they were writing Fawlty Towers.
Cleese said that, despite their acting talent, their ability to script comedy is what has kept them in the business for nearly sixty years. They said: “I don't think I had any idea how transitory most people's careers are. I was surprised how blasé I was. But the whole point is that I wrote. I would never have been in this business had I not written. The strange fact about our business is that there are so many good actors out there, and so few good writers. Especially comedy. Comedy's more difficult.”
Asked about modern comedy, they said that they admired Ricky Gervais's The Office, but was not a fan of the fly-on-the-wall-style filming techniques. They added: “I think you make people laugh the most if you don't give them too many time sequence breaks. In Fawlty Towers, I always tried to make the sequences as long as possible, because you build the pressure.”
ShortList's 400th Issue, ‘The Greatest' Edition, is out today
The Belgium international defender will remain under contract through the 2018 season.
MONTREAL -- Laurent Ciman has agreed to extend their contract with the Montreal Impact for an additional year until 2019, the Quebec club announced on Friday.
"We are very pleased to have extended Laurent's contract for an extra year," Impact technical director Adam Braz said in a statement. "Laurent and their family indicated that they felt great in the city and in the club. There was a mutual desire to extend their time with the club."
Named the 2015 MLS Defender of the Year, the 30-year-old Belgium international has been a crucial player for the Impact since their arrival from Standard Liege before the start of last season. He's played in 36 games for the club in all competitions, recording two goals and three assists.
"I am very pleased to be able to extend my contract with the Impact," Ciman said in a statement. "My family and I are happy in this city and we love our new lives here in Quebec. We feel privileged to be able to grow here. On the sporting side, I feel comfortable with this club and I am proud to be here for several more years. I want to thank the organization and fans for their support. I'll do everything to help this team win."
It's been a while since we have visited the Upside Down, but New York Comic Con gave us the chance to go back with David Harbour and Millie Bobby Brown of Netflix's Stranger Things.
1. David Harbour Wasn't Always Friends With The Entire Stranger Things Cast
Despite the fact that David seems to have good chemistry with the entire Stranger Things cast, that wasn't the case in the beginning of shooting. David said that they wanted to maintain the separation that Hopper had with the kids, so they didn't hang out with them as much as they would've liked.
While that isn't the case now, they said that they tried to keep themselves as true to Hopper's character as possible so they secluded themselves — except for when it came to Winona Ryder, who they say they became friends with really quickly on the show.
2. Millie Bobby Brown Auditioned Four Times For Eleven
Even though they seem to be the perfect person to play Eleven, they still had to work hard to convince producers. Millie revealed that they had to audition four times — some in-person and some on tape — before they received that call that they won the role. They also had to cut their hair before getting the final approval.
3. Millie Picked A Side In The Whole Steve-Nancy-Jonathan Love Triangle
The room was pretty divided when it came to picking sides between the famous Stranger Things love triangle, but that didn't stop Millie from picking a side anyway. They said they like Steve and Nancy's relationship, while David said that they like both because they each have their pros and cons.
4. Justice For Barb Might Actually Come True
Almost every fan of the show can agree that they felt Barb was gone too soon, but that doesn't mean that justice will not be served. David said that the final strands regarding Barb's death will be solved in Season 2, with Hopper making sure that they get the justice that they deserve.
5. Hopper & Eleven's Relationship Will Continue To Grow
Despite the fact that it hasn't been officially confirmed that Eleven will come back (although it was basically confirmed at the panel), both David and Millie revealed that Hopper and Eleven's relationship will continue to grow throughout the season, with a major emotional arc driving their story.
What was your favorite part about the panel?
Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Season 2 will premiere in 2017.
Stranger Park?! Men's, Women's, and Toddler Original Tee Designs at RIPTapparel.com! Only $11!
WASHINGTON (Legal Newsline) - President Donald Trump's “one-in, two-out” regulation executive order, signed last month, has come under fire by several advocacy groups that argue the order exceeds their authority, violates the U.S. Constitution and will hurt “countless” Americans.
Washington, D.C.-based Public Citizen Inc., the Natural Resources Defense Council Inc. in New York and the Communications Workers of America, AFL-CIO, also based in Washington, D.C., filed their lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia Feb. 8.
The named defendants include Trump and their various agency heads, including Mark Sandy, the acting director of the Office of Management and Budget; Elaine Chao, transportation secretary; and Edward Hugler, acting labor secretary, among others.
The groups take issue with Trump's Jan. 30 order, “Reducing Regulation and Controlling Regulatory Costs,” which calls for rescinding two government regulations for every new rule introduced, along with interim guidance issued by the Office of Management and Budget, or OMB, Feb. 2.
“The Executive Order exceeds President Trump's constitutional authority, violates their duty under the Take Care Clause of the Constitution, and directs federal agencies to engage in unlawful actions that will harm countless Americans, including plaintiffs' members,” according to the groups' 49-page complaint.
They continue, “The Executive Order will block or force the repeal of regulations needed to protect health, safety and the environment, across a broad range of topics -- from automobile safety, to occupational health, to air pollution, to endangered species.”
The groups contend that federal agencies are now forced to focus on costs while ignoring benefits.
To repeal two regulations for the purpose of adopting one new one is “arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, and not in accordance with law,” they argue.
The groups, in their complaint, contend that, for one, no governing statute authorizes any agency to withhold a regulation intended to address identified harms to public safety, health or other statutory objectives on the basis of “an arbitrary upper limit on total costs” that regulations may impose on regulated entities or the economy.
Also, they argue, the order forces agencies to repeal regulations that they have already determined, through notice-and-comment rulemaking, advance the purposes of the underlying statutes.
In addition, no governing statute authorizes an agency to base its actions on a “decision-making criterion of zero net cost” across multiple regulations, the groups argue.
Not to mention that rulemaking in compliance with the order's “one-in, two out” requirement cannot be undertaken without violating the statutes from which the agencies derive their rulemaking authority and the Administrative Procedure Act, the complaint alleges.
As a result of the order, the groups argue that the implementation of governing statutes, passed by Congress and signed into law by previous presidents, also will slow to a halt.
“As the OMB's Interim Guidance makes clear, under the Executive Order, a federal motor vehicle safety standard issued under the Motor Vehicle Safety Act (and at least one other rule) will need to be repealed to enable one other motor vehicle safety standard. Or an occupational health standard issued under the Occupational Health and Safety Act (and at least one other rule) will need to be repealed to enable an employee overtime regulation issued under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Or an occupational health standard (and one other rule) will need to be traded in for a motor vehicle safety standard,” the groups explain in their complaint. “And the netting out of costs is divorced from any consideration of the benefits of these protections.
“This approach is not only irrational, it flies in the face of every one of these and similar statutes.”
The groups, arguing Trump's order is unlawful on its face, want the federal court to declare that Trump and their agencies cannot lawfully implement or comply with sections of their order; that OMB's interim guidance also is unlawful and must be set aside; to enjoin the agency defendants, including the OMB director, from complying with the order.
According to its complaint, plaintiff Public Citizen is a national, non-profit consumer advocacy organization that engages in research, advocacy, media activity and litigation related to advancing health and safety, consumer protection and the environment, among other things.
Plaintiff Natural Resources Defense Council is a non-profit environmental and public health organization.
Plaintiff Communications Workers of America is an international labor union representing 700,000 workers in the telecommunications, media, manufacturing, airline and healthcare industries and in a wide variety of public sector positions.
Last week, the White House defended the executive order.
“The lawsuit presumes a lot of outcomes that are wildly inaccurate,” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters at a daily press briefing, according to Reuters.
Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, fired back, saying Trump's order focuses “irrationally” on regulatory costs to the exclusion of regulatory benefits and “arbitrarily” demands that two rules be removed for every new one adopted.
“The predictable and certain ‘outcome' of that approach is to grind to a halt the process by which new rules are adopted to protect health and safety, the environment, worker rights and consumer well-being,” Weissman said in a statement.
“If the White House is surprised about what the Trump regulatory executive order will mean in practical terms, it might have been helpful for it to have considered the stakes before issuing the executive order. Now would be a good time to revoke it.”
According to the case docket, Judge Gladys Kessler has been assigned to the lawsuit.
From Legal Newsline: Reach Jessica Karmasek by email at jessica@legalnewsline.com.
WU LIU, China/SINGAPORE (Reuters) - China's wheat crop has suffered more severely than previously thought from frost in the growing period and rain during the harvest, and import demand to compensate for the damage could see the country eclipse Egypt as the world's top buyer.
A farmer piles wheat up after a harvest in Zouping county, Shandong province, June 20, 2013. REUTERS/China Daily
Interviews with farmers and new estimates from analysts have revealed weather damage in China's northern grain belt could have made as much as 20 million tonnes of the wheat crop, or 16 percent, unfit for human consumption. That would be double the volume previously reported as damaged.
Higher imports, which have already been revised upwards on initial damage reports, will further shrink global supplies and support prices, fuelling new worries over global food security.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Thursday raised its forecast for China's imports in 2013/14 to 8.5 million tonnes from 3.2 million tonnes in the previous year, prompting U.S. wheat prices to rally to more than two-week highs.
But overseas traders and analysts estimate imports could rise above 10 million tonnes, surpassing the 9 million tonnes the world's biggest buyer Egypt is expected to buy.
Competition from China for more imports would force other buyers, such as Egypt, to pay more for grains, in a new blow for the Middle East country after two years of political turmoil has left it struggling for funds to pay for food imports.
In China's top wheat producing province of Henan, farmers visited by Reuters said kernels shrunk because of the frost early this year followed by more damage with grains germinating due to the rainstorms in May. Henan is in the northern grain belt, which accounts for about half of China's output.
“The kernels this year are half their normal sizes,” said Feng Ling, a 55-year old farmer in Xuchang, central Henan, where some growers have seen their production slashed by 40 percent from year ago. “The harvest was terrible.”
China has already booked around 3 million tonnes of wheat for shipment in the year to June 2014, nearing last year's purchases.
That would be the biggest volume imported since the near 10 million tonnes China booked in 2003/2004 after a sharp decrease in the domestic harvest. In a normal year, China accounts for about a fifth of global wheat production and consumption.
“We expect between 15 to 20 million tonnes of wheat will be downgraded to use for animal feed, which will reduce wheat supply for milling purpose,” said Li Qiang, chief analyst at agricultural consultancy, the Shanghai JC Intelligence.
The crop damage across large swathes of China's farmland is adding to concerns over global food supplies after unfavourable weather in top wheat exporters the United States and the Black Sea region resulted in quality downgrades.
“The end users have been very relaxed about the wheat supply outlook,” said Abah Ofon, a commodities analyst at Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore.
“But as the season is unfolding we are seeing bumps emerge. The market now has to readjust based on the new fundamentals which suggest the demand is going to be more than what the market was expecting.”
Global output is expected to rise this year from last, but will still be below demand and leave the world with the lowest wheat stocks since 2008/09.
Chinese analysts and traders see less of a shortfall than those overseas, and have smaller estimates for total wheat imports of around five million to six million tonnes.
This is because they expect limited availability of U.S. soft red winter wheat at a price at which China is interested in buying. China is also likely to draw down its stocks to meet some of the demand.
The weather impact on China's wheat crop will make it harder for Beijing to maintain self-sufficiency in grains. As cities encroaching on arable land and rising incomes drive up demand, China is finding it harder and harder to feed the world's most populous nation with domestic supply.
China has also been snapping up corn shipments in recent weeks with imports forecast to climb to an all-time high of 7 million tonnes this year, according to the USDA.
NOT FIT FOR MILLING OR STORING
Chinese farmers have traditionally relied on Beijing's annual stockpiling programme to protect their income. But the crop quality this year is so bad that even the state granaries are turning grain away.
At Xuchang city, trucks piled high with bags of wheat queued outside the state grain reserve warehouse. Several farmers looking to sell their wheat waited outside the building even though officials had rejected the stocks.
“The rains have caused the kernels to start sprouting, so the warehouse has refused to buy our wheat,” said farmer Li Xiaohua, who has been waiting outside the warehouse to sell them stocks. “What can we do now.”
They said their family could normally harvest about 500 kg of wheat on one mu (0.07 hectare) of land, but the volume has slumped to just 300 kg this year.
The wheat crop, hit by frost and rains in China, cannot be milled into flour and most of it will be used to feed animals.
The supply situation has been further strained, as some of the wheat in government reserves since 2009/10 is deteriorating. China does not publish data on its state reserves, but analysts said state stockpiler Sinograin still holds between 20-30 million tonnes of wheat.
SERIOUS CROP LOSSES
In addition to around 10 million tonnes of wheat being downgraded in Henan, production in Anhui, Jiangsu and Hubei provinces has also taken a hit.
The four provinces produced nearly half of the China's wheat output in 2012, with Henan accounting for 26 percent of the country's total. Analysts expect Henan's output to fall some 20 percent from last year's 32 million tonnes.
“Good-quality wheat is in a short supply,” said Liu Xuepeng, a purchasing manager with a major flour mill in Zhengzhou, capital of Henan.
Millers will need to blend lower-quality wheat with high-quality domestic and imported grains to make flour, they said.
Sinograin is focusing on buying soft red winter wheat from the United States and similar varieties from France and Australia. Flour mills are keen to import high-quality Canadian and U.S. hard red winter wheat to blend for making flour for making bread and biscuits.
Higher imports of top-grade wheat by China would drive up premiums for protein-rich spring wheat traded on the Minneapolis Grain Exchange and hard red winter wheat on the Kansas City Board of Trade.
Although the global wheat market was underpinned by Chinese buying last week, U.S. wheat prices are still around 9 percent below domestic prices of similar quality cited in Jiangsu province, encouraging imports.
Chinese buyers have been locking in cargoes for shipment even in the first quarter of 2014, which shows the shortfall in domestic supplies is likely to last over the next 12 months.
“The way they are buying is something very unusual,” said a Singapore-based trader. “They have been signing deals for Australian new-crop wheat and other origins for shipment in the first quarter of 2014. This shows some serious problems with the crop.”
Special Event Gov. Jay Inslee on climate solutions in the Pacific Northwest
Let's say you're tired of climate inaction. Let's say you want to see somewhere in the United States that is actually, you know, doing things.
If so, then your focus probably ought to be on the states of the Pacific Coast. Recently Washington state, Oregon, California, and the Canadian province of British Columbia reached an agreement to harmonize their climate and energy policies, a development that has the potential to not just accelerate greenhouse gas reductions, but also to catalyze a strong, clean, and resilient economy. That's a big deal for a region that is home to 53 million people, and whose GDP is $2.8 trillion.
But there are challenges as well: While California and British Columbia have set a price on carbon (through a cap-and-trade program and a carbon tax, respectively), thus far Oregon and Washington have not. Meanwhile, a new battle is brewing over coal exports, one that potentially pits the Obama administration itself against the states of Oregon and Washington.
To discuss the climate outlook for the region, please join Washington Gov. Jay Inslee and other distinguished speakers and panelists for a special installment of Climate Desk Live — a partnership between the University of Washington's College of the Environment, Climate Access, and Climate Desk, sponsored by Bloomberg BNA. Hosted by award-winning journalist Chris Mooney, the discussion will cover a range of key climate policy issues from coal terminals, to fuel efficiency standards, to carbon pricing, with an eye toward innovation and new energy solutions. The event will follow a March 27 Climate Desk Live panel in Vancouver, which will focus on the lessons learned from the first five years of British Columbia's carbon tax.
The Seattle event will be Tuesday, April 1, from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific Time, at the University of Washington Tower Auditorium, 4333 Brooklyn Ave NE, Seattle, Wash., 98105. Advanced registration for this event is required. You can RSVP here, and join the event on Facebook here (but you will still need to RSVP). The event will be live-streamed at climatedesk.org.
Featured guests and speakers:
Jay Inslee, a fifth-generation Washingtonian, was first elected to Congress in 1998, serving until 2012.  They are the coauthor of Apollo's Fire: Igniting America's Clean-Energy Economy, a book about the job-creating potential of the clean tech industry. As governor, Inslee's top priority is growing Washington's innovative industries such as clean energy, IT and life sciences, and strengthening existing industries such as aerospace, agriculture, maritime, and military.
Lisa Graumlich is the inaugural dean of the College of the Environment at the University of Washington, and the Prentice and Virginia Bloedel Professor. As a scholar, Graumlich pioneered the use of tree-ring data to understand long-term trends in climate, focusing on the mountains of western North America.  They are actively engaged with a broad range of stakeholders to understand and respond to the impacts of climate change.
David Roberts is the senior staff writer at Grist, where they cover energy and energy politics. They have contributed to outlets including The New York Times, Outside, and Scientific American, and been featured on programs including MSNBC's Up with Chris Hayes and The Rachel Maddow Show. Their work has been hailed by thought leaders including Al Gore, Paul Krugman, and Michael Levi.
Paul Shukovsky is Pacific Northwest Correspondent for Bloomberg BNA. They previously worked as a reporter for the Miami Herald, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, the Tampa Tribune, UPI, and as a public television news producer/anchor alternately covering the environment, indigenous tribes, federal courts, federal investigative agencies, terrorism, and national security issues.
(Other speakers may be announced.)
Moderated by:
Chris Mooney is an award-winning science and political journalist and the host of Climate Desk Live.  They are the author of four books and the co-host of Inquiring Minds, a weekly podcast exploring where politics, society, and science collide.
Partners:
Climate Access is a nonprofit network aimed at leveraging the public's role in addressing climate disruption by increasing support for policy and involvement in shifting energy and sustainability behaviors. Climate Access consists of more than 2,000 leaders from nonprofits, government, and academia located in Canada, the United States, and 43 countries around the world. @climateaccess
Climate Desk is a journalistic collaboration between The Atlantic, the Center for Investigative Reporting, Grist, the Guardian, The Huffington Post, Mother Jones, Slate, and Wired aimed at exploring the consequences of a changing climate. It has a collective reach of more than 200 million people. @ClimateDesk
Bloomberg BNA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bloomberg, is a leading source of legal, regulatory, and business information for professionals. Bloomberg BNA has been delivering cutting-edge news and expert reference materials to EHS professionals for more than three decades, always with unstinting attention to detail and complete objectivity. Bloomberg BNA's Energy and Climate Report continues this tradition, with specialized news and analysis on the legal requirements and policy developments surrounding climate change mitigation and adaptation, clean energy and energy efficiency, and corporate sustainability practices in the United States and abroad. @BBNAClimate
University of Washington College of the Environment is the largest environment-focused college in North America, with unparalleled depth and breadth in environmental systems: from the forests to the seas and from the depths of the earth to the edges of the solar system. In partnership with industry, government and nonprofits, the College is creating new leaders, advancing knowledge and forging sustainable solutions to the critical environmental challenges of our time. @UW_CoEnv
This story was produced as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
Filed: Monday, 9th June 2014
By: Staff Writer
Aston Villa are on the verge of signing Joe Cole, who was released by West Ham at the end of last season. The 31-year-old was handed a free transfer at the end of last season after a second spell at West Ham lasted just 18 months.
However it has emerged this evening that Villa are preparing to give the former England international one final chance in the top flight.
According to Lee Clayton of the Mail, Cole is reported to be undergoing a medical this evening ahead of a move to Villa Park.
Should the move go ahead, Villa will be Cole's fourth Premier League club following spells with West Ham (twice), Chelsea and Liverpool.
Your Comments
Please note that this section is for comments relating to the above news item only. Any off-topic or abusive posts will be removed. Posts including either links and/or foul language are automatically filtered and will not be published. To engage in further discussion on any of our news stories, visit the KUMB Forums.
Not a member of the KUMB Forums? You may register for free membership here.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
The Apple Keyboard or Apple Standard Keyboard (to distinguish it from several other keyboards called "Apple Keyboard"), is a plate-mounted tactile Alps SKCM series keyboard from Apple.
Description
The keyboard was introduced with the Macintosh II and Macintosh SE, which did not come with a keyboard. Instead, buyers had the option of buying the "standard" keyboard, or the more expensive Apple Extended Keyboard.
The Apple Standard Keyboard features two bidirectional ADB ports that function either as upstream (to connect to the computer or another ADB device higher up the chain) or downstream (for connecting the mouse or downstream peripherals). The cable is detachable and connects to either ADB port, with the mouse normally connected to the other port. Right-handed people would typically use the right-hand ADB port for the mouse, and left-handed people would use the port on the left; the other port is used for the keyboard cable.
Normal keys use either Alps SKCM Orange or Salmon switches. The caps lock key uses an Alps SKCL Lock switch.
The keycaps are dye sublimated PBT (except the space bar, which is ABS), and have Apple's typical bottom-left legends with italic type, in the font Univers Condensed Thin.
Variants
M0116 The layout is identical to the Apple Desktop Bus Keyboard's for the Apple IIGS. This is the last Macintosh keyboard to have a backwards L-shaped Return key (like the M0110A) and the only Macintosh keyboard to have a Control key in the position to the left of 'A' like keyboards for/on the Apple II. M0118 ISO with a narrow return key, but with a caps lock and control in their more common positions Two different labels have been spotted. Only keyboards with English layout have been spotted with an FCC ID on the label. The FCC ID and all (spotted) serial numbers end with "M0117", which would indicate that a M0117 model could exist or was planned. All known M0118s were made in Ireland or the USA.
Keyboards of both model numbers were offered with legends for different languages and regions.
Gallery
M0116, Orange/Cream, US layout
This appears to be an early example, from 1987. The switches have long white switchplates and no Alps logo.
Top
Bottom
Switch and keycap detail
Some keycaps removed
Internals
PCB
Various; the controller IC is dated 8718
Switches
Momentary switch, external
Momentary switch, internal
Alternate action switch, external
Alternate action switch, internal
M0116, Salmon/Grey, US layout
Unfortunately dating evidence was not collected before this keyboard was sold on.
Full keyboard with detachable, coiled cable
Salmon or orange main switches, plus Alps lock
Salmon Alps disassembly
Power button is a sideways-mounted Alps switch
PCB and ADB sub-boards; the PCB is Alps-branded
Detail of one of the bidirectional ADB boards
Alps SKCL Lock switch in disengaged (open) state
Alps lock switch in engaged (closed) state
M0118, Salmon
Top (angled)
Top
The return key's switch and stabilizing shaft
Bottom, with label; not all labels have an FCC ID.
M0118 Finnish/Swedish layout
Bottom of the Finnish/Swedish model
M0117AB Arabic layout
Arabic model
M0117AB with bare Alps switch
Bottom label of the Arabic model
Box label of the Arabic model
See also
Apple Extended Keyboard — the full-size alternative option
Democracy Now! report, September 22, 2009. Click HERE for program transcript.
[Follow the latest developments live (in Spanish) on Telesur and Radio Globo Honduras.]
Federico Fuentes, Caracas
By
September 22, 2009 — Green Left Weekly -- The dictatorship in Honduras, which overthrew the elected government of President Manuel Zelaya on June 28, has unleashed a wave of repression against the masses of people who have taken to the streets following Zelaya's dramatic return on September 21.
Zelaya, who was exiled by the military, secretly entered the country, travelled to the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa and sought asylum in the Brazil embassy two days ago. Masses of their poor supporters, who have waged three months of peaceful resistance against the coup, gathered outside the embassy — defying the coup regime's imposition of a total curfew.
Dirian Pereira, a member of the international commission of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras (FNRG) told Green Left Weekly from Tegucigalpa: “The repression has extended into the neighbourhoods [of Tegucigalpa] and other parts of the country. There has been repression in La Canada, which has a high population of teachers. Similarly in Cerro del Picacho and other places. They are raiding houses and launching tear gas canisters everywhere, with is obvious affecting the population a lot.”
Pereira said “some 2000 people were being detained on the outskirts of the city”, while around 150 had been jailed in Tegucigalpa and 50 in San Pedro Sula. Images are also emerging of large numbers of protesters being rounded up and detained in a soccer stadium in Tegucigalpa.
The coup regime began its wave of repression around 4am on September 22 when the military launched a brutal attack on protesters gathered outside the Brazil embassy. They had been gathering there since the previous day to welcome Zelaya back.
The brutal repression forced protesters to leave the area. Soldiers then raided the two surrounding houses, blocked off all road access to the embassy, and cut off the embassy's electricity and water. Tear gas has also been launched into embassy grounds and ear-piercing noise blasted into the area in an attempt to force Zelaya out.
“The fear is that they will attack the embassy ... they may even try and assassinate Mel [as Zelaya is popularly known], although this is speculation”, Pereira said.
In light of the “extreme repression, the National Resistance Front will be meeting in the next few hours to decide what position to take”, added Pereira.
The website of the FNRG posted a declaration calling on “all of the resistance” to participate in “a peaceful march tomorrow, September 23 at 8am in front of the Pedagogical University Francisco Morazan”.
Zelaya returns — the people celebrate
By Federico Fuentes, Caracas
Green Left Weekly -- September 21, 2009 — “Telgucigalpa is one big party”, said Dirian Pereira, member of the international commission of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras, speaking to Green Left Weekly over the phone from the Honduran capital. President Manuel Zelaya, who was overthrown by a military coup on June 28, returned to Honduras on September 21 and took refuge in Brazil's embassy in Telgucigalpa.
Thousands of people have gathered in the capital to welcome them back almost three months after the military kidnapped them at gunpoint in the early hours of the morning and flew them into exile in Costa Rica. Mass resistance on the streets from the poor majority, demanding “their” president's return, has continued unabated since. From the Brazilian embassy, Zelaya called for the Honduran people to celebrate on the streets. The coup regime responded by announcing a curfew.
The Honduran people celebrate the return of ``Mel''. Photo: Sky News.
“The people are totally ignoring the curfew”, Pereira said. “The curfew started at 4 pm, right about the time that most people are leaving work. All of this is a demonstration of the desperation of the coup regime that wants everyone to simply go home. But the people are coming out of work and are not going to their home. Many have gone to the Brazilian embassy to greet their president. It is a big party.”
Pereira said people were flooding in from all parts of the country to hold for a massive mobilisation on September 22. “The buses that are arriving from San Pedro Sula, that are arriving from many other parts of the country, are being stopped on the outskirts of Tegulcigalpa. But the people are simply stepping off the bus and marching together into the centre.”
President Manuel Zelaya greets supporters from inside Brazil's Telgucigalpa embassy. Photo: Sky News.
For the Honduran elite behind the coup, Zelaya's crimes included increasing the minimum wage by 60% and blocking privatisations. Their biggest crime, however, was to open a democratic process to change the constitution. Similar process have occurred in recent years in Venezuela, Bolivia and Ecuador — with the poor and indigenous peoples winning many important rights for the first time.
On June 28, a non-binding referendum had been organised that asked whether the Honduran people supported the calling of a constituent assembly to discuss, debate and vote on a new constitution.
Zelaya had also developed closer relations with countries such as Venezuela and Cuba, joining the anti-imperialist Bolivarian Alternative of Our Americas (ALBA) bloc.
After almost 90 days of mass resistance and daily protests on the streets, combined with a diplomatic offensive to restore democracy headed by Zelaya and the ALBA nations, “Mel”, as they are warmly referred to by the poor sectors of Honduran society, has finally returned to Honduras.
 They are calling on the people to mobilise and ensure that legitimate government is restored.
Asked what could be expected to occur in the next few hours, Pereira told GLW: “This is still to be seen, because the de facto government says that nothing is happening, that Honduras is calm and that all of this is the result of the curfew. The curfew was enacted in order to intimidate the people so that they would not go and join those from the resistance front at the embassy. They did it to create fear in the population.
“They say that they will not negotiate … but Mel has come with the intention of negotiating. We don't know what will happen ... but we are continuing to demand a constituent assembly.”
A delegation from the Organization of American States is set to arrive in Honduras on September 22 Honduras. The OAS has been promoting Plan Arias, drawn up by mediators, which would see Zelaya restored to power, but with their hands tied and forced to accept power-sharing arrangements with those who overthrew him.
Pereira said the problem for the popular organisations and the National Resistance Front is that “the Plan Arias does not contemplate a constituent assembly. As far as we know, there is also a UN commission coming.
“We will see what happens, but regardless the organizations are here demanding a constituent assembly.”
[Green Left Weekly hopes to have ongoing coverage on the dramatic developments in the struggle for democracy and justice in Honduras in the coming days.]
National Resistance Front Against the Coup condemns repression
September 22, 2009 -- To the national and international community we denounce that at the first hours of the morning a strong contingent of police and military violently attacked the peaceful protest that was happening around the Brazillian embassy to celebrate the return of the legitimate President Manuel Zelaya Rosales.
The repressive bodies made use of firearms, teargas, pepper spray and rubber bullets against people who were in the area, some of which were still sleeping. There are people injured from bullets and gravely beaten in the Hospital Escuela. The exact number of detained is unknown.
We condemn these acts of barbarity that are rooted in a state of siege that violates fundamental human rights.
To the human rights organisations and the peoples and governments of the world, we call to join in repudiation against the brutal actions of the de facto regime installed by the Honduran oligarchy.
To the Honduran people we urge you to stay alert to the next instructions emanating from the coordinators of the Resistance.
Via Campesina: The resistance does not stop and President Zelaya arrives in Honduras! In spite of the repression, the end is near for the coup regime!
By Via Campesina
September 22, 2009 -- After 86 days of struggle and resistence from the heroic people of Honduras against the military coup, this day started the fall of the coup regime with the arrival of the deposed president Manuel Zelaya to Tegucigalpa. An enormous mobilisation of masses, from all corners of the country, started to arrive to the capital city to receive president Zelaya, to demand their restitution and put an end to the coup regime led by Roberto Micheletti. Since the early morning, once the news of the return of the president got out, thousands of hondurans arrived first at the offices of the United Nations and then marched toward the Brazilian Embassy to receive Zelaya. There, president Zelaya met with a commission of the National Resisatnce Front Against the Coup. Immediately the coupsters mobilised thousands of soldiers and officials of the National Police to intimidate and try to control the uncontainable wave of Hondurans who were yelling, Yes we can! Yes we can! The aggressions and intimidations of military forces of the regime, throughout the day, did not manage to intimidate or unmotivate the pacific but militant and willing to resist, demonstration. Thus, the regime decreed a curfew starting at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and Micheletti issued a public warning of heightened enforcement against the people. But no one can detain these heroic people. Despite the machinery of repression of Micheletti's coup regime, with deaths, injured, imprisoned and disappeared, the people, gathered in the National Resistance Front Against the Coup, the marches, the blockades, the cultural activities of prostest and the concentration of masses have not ceased, on the contrary, they have spread across the entire country in opposition to the coup. Since the beginning, the resistence identified very clearly their objectives: 1. The restoration of the legitimate presidency of Zelaya. 2. The celebration of a Constitutional Assembly. 3. Reform the constitution to construct a true popular and sovereign democracy. Now is the beginning of the construction of popular democracy which mobilised thousands of workers, peasants, women, indigenous, afrodecendents, teachers, students, human rights activists and the general population, since Sunday the 28 of June, when the military captured president Zelaya, deported them to Costa Rica, and installed a usurper as president. But also the most difficult phase of the struggle is to come, as the coup regime, cornered by the popular struggle, is capable of committing bloody repressions in an attempt to seize power. The following days will be the most difficult for the resistance struggle. Therefore, La Via Campesina makes an urgent call to its member organisations, to allied social movements and all people of the world to be on red alert and dispatch international solidarity as widely as possible to detain attempts of tragic repression against the Honduran people and its leadership, and to ensure the immediate fall of the coup. We are making a call to send international missions to accompany the Honduran people in these next days, and to demand that your goverments acts now to put an end to the coup regime and to collect funds to economically support the struggle. GLOBALISE THE STRUGGLE, GLOBALISE HOPE!
Via Campesina
* La Via Campesina
International peasant movement
Movimiento campesino internacional
Mouvement paysan international secretaria operativa/operative secretariat:
Jln. Mampang Prapatan XIV no 5 Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta 12790 Indonesia Tel/fax: +62-21-7991890/+62-21-7993426
Email: viacampesina@viacampesina.org
Seven million Hondurans under house arrest as Micheletti writes of `democracy'
September 22, 2009 at 1:52 pm
by Stephen Lendman
It's hard believing he's considering something this outrageous. Israeli media report they may revoke the longtime Arab population's permanent residency status, their scheme for curbing Israeli initiated violence, a sure-fire way to increase it exponentially throughout the Occupied Territories.
The fate of over 370,000 East Jerusalemites hangs in the balance. Netanyahu's proposed scheme sounds ominously like Hitler loading Jews on trains for death camps.
Where will this huge population go if forcibly expelled? What does Netanyahu have in mind - greater ruthlessness and mass murder than already? For sure with full US support for whatever they do, no matter how outrageous!
Israel's Channel 2 news said the scheme was discussed during a weekly security meeting earlier in October. Netanyahu was quoted saying: “We need to examine the possibility of canceling their residency. There needs to be a discussion about it.”
Permanent East Jerusalem Arab residency is de facto Israeli citizenship. Imagine another nation deciding to displace, deport or otherwise remove a significant segment of its population. Overwhelming world outrage would follow, likely punitive measures slapped on the offender.
Israel already imposed unprecedented East Jerusalem movement restrictions, adding checkpoints and erecting separation barriers between Jewish and Arab neighborhoods, encircling Palestinian ones, preventing them from entering or exiting without permission, subjecting them to intrusive searches, a clear example of collective punishment ignored by the world community.
Will it remain silent if Netanyahu implements their latest scheme? Will it let them destroy a vital Arab community, home for the capital Palestinians claim for a future state, including Islam's third holiest site?
According to Channel 2, no further discussions were held since the proposal was raised - focus so far on implementing other draconian measures.
Haaretz cited unnamed “sources in the prime minister's bureau” saying no mass displacement plans were made. “There is no such process to revoke the residency or citizenship of thousands of people,” a source said.
Meanwhile, Israeli-instigated violence continued on Sunday into Monday. An unarmed Palestinian youth was lethally shot multiple times in front of a Beit Einun school. Israel then declared the area a closed military zone, blocked ambulance help from arriving, left them bleeding to death unattended, another of its state-sponsored crimes.
Israeli soldiers murdered a Palestinian schoolgirl, unarmed, threatening no one. Israel called them a knife-wielding terrorist, the Big Lie it repeats ad nauseam.
Eyewitnesses called them a “terrified” young girl. One said they were surrounded by seven or eight soldiers. They “checked their belongings in a schoolbag,” they said.
“She looked like they were around 14 years old. They went through a metal detector. In the school bag they found nothing and asked her, ‘Where's the knife?' “
“She said, ‘I don't have a knife.' Then they fired between their legs. They were terrified and moved back half a meter or a meter. They raised their arms in the air (again) saying ‘I don't have a knife.' “
“Then they shot eight to 10 bullets, but I don't know exactly who was shooting. Then they fell on the ground.” Other eyewitnesses said soldiers prevented medical help from arriving to try saving them
Youth Against Settlements director Issa Amer “call(ed) on the military to release video of the incident because there are several CCTV surveillance cameras that record everything in that area.” Israel wants none of its crimes revealed.
On Saturday, noted physician, political activist, human rights champion Mustafa Barghouthi was attacked by unknown assailants near their Ramallah home.
They were injured with a sharp tool, they explained - their attackers saying “let the Intifada protect you.” They reported the incident to Israeli authorities, demanding an investigation they won't get.
Israeli security forces and settlers rampage freely against defenseless Palestinians, injuring and murdering them unaccountably.
World leaders ignore their suffering, doing no more than urging both sides to show restraint - an affront to persecuted Palestinians, a green light for Israel to continue trampling on an entire population with impunity.
-###-
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net.
Their new book as editor and contributor is titled "Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks World War III ".
http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html
Visit their blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com.
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network.
It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plu
OAKLAND — Attorney General Eric Holder reiterated their call for local police to wear body cameras during a roundtable discussion in downtown Oakland Thursday that brought local police chiefs and community advocates together to talk trust.
After police shootings of African-Americans in Missouri, New York and Ohio triggered violent nationwide protests and spawned the Black Lives Matter movement, Holder started holding similar meetings across the country and has done so in Atlanta; Cleveland; Memphis, Tennessee; Chicago; and Philadelphia.
“What has struck me in all these meetings is that people on both sides want the same things,” said Holder, who mentioned that their brother is a retired police officer. “They want to be safe, they want their children to be safe, and they want to be treated in a fair way. Police officers want to be safe and be respected.”
The Oakland meeting was the last of the National Initiative for Building Community Trust and Justice. Holder will step down from their post in a few weeks.
Holder made public comments at the Oakland Federal Building, which included a call for an end to racial profiling, for about 10 minutes before closing the meeting to the press.
In addition to local police chiefs like Oakland's Sean Whent and Berkeley's Michael Meehan, the meeting included Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, Rep. Barbara Lee and U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag. Bishop Bob Jackson of Acts Full Gospel, Alicia Garza of Black Lives Matter, and representatives from East Oakland Youth Development Center and Youth UpRising were among the community leaders attending the roundtable.
“Body cameras tend to reduce the number of complaints and are a very useful tool in trying to determine what was the nature of action between officers and someone in the community,” Holder said.
In the East Bay, the issue of police body cameras and race jumped to the front page Tuesday, when two Emeryville police officers shot and killed a female theft and carjacking suspect they say pointed a gun at them.
Emeryville police took the unusual step of identifying the race and gender of the officers who shot the woman in a news release issued Wednesday.
“One officer was female and the other officer was African-American,” the statement said. It also said that one of the two police officers who shot the woman was wearing a body camera but turned it on only after the two fired their weapons.
And in a statement the day before Holder's Oakland meeting, BART police Chief Kenton Rainey said local communities lost “confidence in our department following the Oscar Grant incident in 2009.” Grant was shot in the back and killed by a BART police officer who said they mistook their gun for a Taser.
Rainey said they understand “the anger and raw feelings; understanding the community's perspective is a key part of any equation with a healing solution.” They said one of the most important aspects of their department overhaul was a “comprehensive body camera program.”
The body cameras, Rainey said, are “an opportunity to show how far we have come in our reform efforts and our commitment to constitutional policing principles.”
Schaaf said before the meeting that Oakland police have come a long way in instituting court-ordered reforms.
“Oakland police have not shot anyone in two years,” Schaaf said. “We need to make sure our reforms are permanent and substantial. But we have to do more to close the trust gap between government and the people we serve.”
Regina Jackson, president of East Oakland Youth Development Center, who participated in the discussion, said they directed their concerns to Haag about training for police in how to deal with those who are mentally ill.
“I said I don't know if folks in public safety have any strategy to deal with people with mental illness,” Jackson said. “People are already victimized by mental illness, and most of the time it's the illness and not willful disregard. That is something I'm really interested in having them take a look at.”
Jackson also said Oakland police need to “look more like the people in the community and be from the community” in order to do a better job at building trust.
Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said Oakland police are short-handed, and, in times of crisis, officers who work overtime are stressed out.
When asked if that stress leads to mistakes, O'Malley said, “I think they are working a lot of hours.” Nevertheless, they said “police need to do their jobs in a fair and respectful way.”
Contact Doug Oakley at 925-234-1699. Follow them at Twitter.com/douglasoakley.
Dave Martill/University of Portsmouth
A unique fossil of a four-legged snake that created a scientific sensation in July is now provoking a legal dispute. Brazilian authorities are opening an investigation into whether the fossil was taken out of their country illegally and should therefore be repatriated.
For some palaeontologists, the investigation revives a long-standing debate: how much of a responsibility researchers and scientific journals have to uphold the legality of the specimens on which they report — perhaps by refusing to publish work on fossils potentially obtained through illegal means, or by informing national authorities of suspicions over a fossil's provenance. But others say that taking such a cautious approach could leave important fossils languishing in obscurity in private collections around the world.
Palaeobiologist David Martill of the University of Portsmouth, UK, first spotted the snake specimen (Tetrapodophis amplectus) in a private collection in a museum in Solnhofen, Germany, in 2012. Brazil made it illegal in 1942 to sell or export fossils without governmental permission; so it seems possible that the fossil was carried illegally across borders. “We will formalize a request for investigation with the Brazilian Federal Police, in order to ascertain how this fossil specimen left Brazil,” says Felipe Chaves, head of the fossil division of the Brazilian National Department of Mineral Production in Brasilia. “We know some details that merit being investigated,” they add — but they declined to say more. The museum did not reply to Nature's requests for comment.
“Personally, I would have liked to see the fossil go back to Brazil, but it wasn't my fossil, and so it wasn't my choice. We did discuss at length whether the specimen should be returned, given that we were uncertain about when it left. But the counterargument was that there was no evidence that any laws had been broken, either,” says Nicholas Longrich, a palaeontologist at the University of Bath, UK, and a co-author with Martill of a paper published on 23 July1 describing the specimen.
Protectionist laws
Chaves learned about the fossil only when the paper was published. They say that scientists should have informed Brazilian authorities when they discovered its likely provenance. But Martill sees no need. “There are hundreds, if not thousands, of Brazilian fossils [in museum collections] all over the world,” they say. “It is a bit distracting if scientists have to mess about with the legality of fossils before they study them,” they add. “I see thousands of fossils every year from all over the planet. I am not going to write to the governments of all those countries just to check each and every fossil.”
The wider issue is a familiar argument for palaeontologists. In Martill's view, protectionist laws on fossil trading (which have been adopted not just by Brazil, but also by China, Mongolia and Morocco) hamper scientific research, because, although well intentioned, these regulations can restrict access to scientifically valuable specimens. And in practice, fossil hunters and traders have regularly flouted Brazil's laws, despite recent attempts by authorities to crack down on the crime.
But James Clark, a palaeontologist at the George Washington University in Washington DC, says that researchers should not publish articles about fossils whose procurement might have been illegal. “From what I have seen, they should not have published the paper,” they say.
“We are, of course, aware of the difficult questions that have been raised concerning fossils from private collections. This is an issue that we will be evaluating further,” said a spokesperson for Science, which published the work. The journal does not have explicit policies requiring that fossils it publishes are legal — but nor do most other research journals, including Nature and specialized palaeontology publications. One, Cretaceous Research, notes in its author guidelines that fossils of uncertain origin will not be accepted for publication, even if they are housed in a museum but (as with the T. amplectus fossil) lack collection or ownership records.
It is unclear whether the Brazilian investigation will make much progress, Clark says. “Given that several German institutions are known to house Brazilian fossils of suspicious provenance, I doubt there is much the Brazilians are able to do about it.”
“It is my feeling that the lawyers and embassies should fight it out amongst themselves and just let the scientists get on with plying their trade,” Martill says, adding that he, like Longrich, is happy for the specimen to be returned to Brazil, if authorities deem it necessary. “I don't care a jot where the specimen is… so long as it is in a safe and accessible place for future scientists to research it.”
When companies or governments propose a big project, like a pipeline or the Olympics, they'll often commission something called an economic impact analysis.
That's a report, often from a private consulting firm, that tries to quantify all the benefits to the economy of a given project. For example, Kinder Morgan's economic impact analysis of the Trans Mountain pipeline project, from the Conference Board of Canada, says the project will create 802,000 "person-years" of employment.
That's roughly 40 thousand jobs for 20 years, from one pipeline.
If that sounds like a strangely large number for one pipeline, then you're on the same page as many academic economists. Economic impact analyses, the way they're commonly done, tend to inflate the numbers to such a degree they interfere with sober public debate, says Trevor Tombe, an assistant professor of economics at the University of Calgary.
There's a joke among economists who look at economic impact studies, and we say "okay, define all the costs as benefits and then double them." - Trevor Tombe, University of Calgary
While Trevor doesn't oppose or support any particular project, they warn that claims like the one from Kinder Morgan's report are misleading.
In an interview with The 180's Jim Brown, Tombe says "you definitely want to be perceived as important economically in order to gain support for whatever it is you're putting forward. So pipelines want public support, and linking their contribution to the economy is one way to do it. For the Olympics, we see that prior to the Vancouver 2010 games there was an economic impact analysis that looked quite good. We're seeing that now in Calgary as well. Calgary saw an economic impact analysis for the Calgary 2026 games. And they often lead to very large numbers."
To help understand the numbers in these reports, like the 802,000 "person-years" of employment, Tombe breaks them down into three categories: direct, indirect, and induced.
DIRECT
These are the jobs that come from the people actually building and working on the pipeline project. Those are the people hired by Kinder Morgan, with jobs like welding pipe and digging dirt and operating the actual pipeline. Compared to the claims of 802,000 jobs, Tombe says "that's going to be way smaller, only a few thousand person-years."
INDIRECT
This is where the numbers become questionable, according to Tombe. Indirect effects are the the jobs in other industries that come from the original project. For example, the people making the steel for Kinder Morgan's pipeline, and the people who make the machines that assemble the pipeline. That assumes those workers wouldn't be making stuff if it weren't for the pipeline. The economic technique that spits out these numbers is called an "input output model," and Tombe says the models "neglect where the money comes from, or where the workers come from, or where the machinery and capital come from. As far as the model is concerned, they all fall from the sky." In the example of Olympic spending, an input-output model neglects the fact that public money could be spent elsewhere, which would also create a different set of indirect employment effects.
INDUCED
This one is the greatest stretch for Tombe. "Induced effects" is an estimate of all the jobs created by people who now have money from their direct and indirect jobs, and are buying other things in the economy. So when the work crew on the pipeline project take a lunch break and head off to the deli, the server at the deli now gets counted into the benefits of the pipeline in the analysis. According to Tombe, the concept of "induced effects" treats money as if it will never be spent, if it weren't for this one project. For example, if Kinder Morgan spent its money on a different pipeline, there would be a different bunch of workers going to a different deli. Or if Kinder Morgan returned its money to shareholders instead of building a pipeline at all, those shareholders would also take that money and go for lunch.
Tombe says the results of these "input output models" provide such an inflated number, they interfere with debate in two ways. For one, they make it difficult to argue against building anything, when the promised numbers are so high. But they have another strange effect: turning important questions of what we value in society to one of mere numbers.
"For the Olympics, this is less of a question about the economy. This is a question about the Olympics. Do we find them fun, national pride, civic pride, this sort of thing. And we should think of that decision more along the line of, is it a cost worth paying, rather than a kind of economic stimulus package, which I would be quite skeptical of."
There was a hole in Ubisoft's E3 conference this year, one that could only be filled with an Arabic prince or an adventurous reporter. E3 has come to an end, and that hole remains. While Ubisoft showed, with Rainbow Six: The Siege, that it still has the power to surprise, it remains – as it has for a while – tight-lipped in regards to Prince of Persia and Beyond Good & Evil.
Michel Ancel was working on a Beyond Good & Evil sequel, a teaser of which appeared way back in 2008, but stopped to focus on Rayman. Since then, there's been not much more than hints, suggestions and teases.
In the case of Prince of Persia, the franchise was put on ice, but fans were promised a future for the series, though nothing more concrete.
“We are not going to stop those properties,” CEO Yves Guillemot told IGN. “We are going to work on them. The teams are really looking at what we can come with. I think you will really like what you see in the future. It could take some time to make sure we are really delivering what we want.”
It sounds like Beyond Good & Evil's development has been rewound completely. The 2008 teaser suggested that it was in development, but Guillemot makes it seem like it's gone back to the drawing board.
Cheers, IGN.
Eagle Forum's Phyllis Schlafly and Gun Owners of America's Larry Pratt have both opposed immigration reform on the grounds that new citizens will overwhelmingly vote Democratic and, in Pratt's words, “vote to take away our guns.” So it was no surprise that when Schlafly joined Pratt on their radio show this weekend, the discussion eventually turned to how immigrants don't understand America and so will never vote Republican.
Schlafly started things out by alleging that the political problems of conservatives stem from the fact that “we've taken in millions of people who have no concept of the whole idea of limited government” and who “don't even know what it means or have a desire to be American.”
Pratt agreed that we are “bringing in people who have never had any tradition of, never been schooled in what it means to have a limited government” and that “folks coming abroad are all natural Democrats, they're looking, as you say, for big government, that's their whole idea of what government is about, it's there to give them more and more things.”
They added that Democrats are “eagerly bringing in these immigrants who at best don't have an idea of what it means to be an American if they were to become one and may well be terrorists.”
“You know, I have friends who came in long ago,” Schlafly said, “and they told me with pride that after they got off the boat at Ellis Island to immigrate, their parents would stand them up and say, ‘And now we're in America and we're going to be Americans and we're going to learn English and we're going to learn a whole new set of laws and this is our country now, we're going to be American.' But you don't find these immigrants saying this today.”
Now, they said, “anybody can come, no matter how much you hate us, no matter how you have no concept about limited government and the rule of law and the things that we believe in.”
Pratt added that this problem was especially acute with Muslim immigrants because “they're taught from the Koran, they're taught to hate people like us, they're taught to want to kill people like us, and to the extent that they don't, that's taqiyya, that's just a temporary lying to get along until they are tactically and strategically in a position to strike.”
What a mess; the Middle East is one again aflame with religious indignation, the French continue to take rioting to the level of a national sport, and here in North America we've forgotten our most basic constitutional principles.
Theodore Adorno said it first, more than 60 years ago: if a film cannot be other than inoffensive, then an inoffensive film is meaningless; we all understand that a child's colouring book is not a work of art, no matter how beautifully they or they colour within the lines. With the recent (and shameful) treatment of Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, creator of the deliriously offensive Innocence of Muslims we would do well to take a moment to reflect on that old insight.
As seen in the oppressive silence that accompanied the Danish Cartoon incident, or the outright hostility often shown to Salman Rushdie and Theo van Gogh, many in the media have a long history of bending to Islamic threats against legitimate artists. Nakoula may be a bad artist, but an artist they are, and their bigotry does not disentitle them to any of their fundamental rights, nor justify the rank victim-blaming now dominating the conversation.
That's not to say that the media requires the boogey-man of Islamophobia to abandon its responsibilities; perhaps the most egregious example of quietly accepting the destruction of an artist is that of young Seattle cartoonist Molly Norris. In 2010, a federal protection program helped Norris "go ghost" following a fatwa placed by radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki. A cute and sympathetic idealist whose only crime was drawing a largely inoffensive cartoon that became promotional material for Everybody Draw Muhammad Day, Norris was involuntarily shot into view of the Islamists and then utterly abandoned. The attention came without remorse, and continued right up until they were forced to disappear. Thereafter, they were quickly forgotten.
If Norris' story failed to stir public outrage, what hope does Nakoula have of just treatment from their home country? Already, headlines describe them as a "convicted criminal", and a "meth-cooking fraudster," while TV news reports are delivered with inflection that drips with revulsion. Everywhere, we see that preemptively heading off accusations of racism and Islamophobia is more important than ethical treatment of a subject. The language casts Nakoula as a perpetrator in the killings around the world, constantly describing events as "fuelled" by a video they didn't promote. Even conservatives have offered little shelter or support, with one Jewish publication posting a rather frantic article denying rumors of their Israeli heritage.
The media spent two days camped in front of Nakoula's home, making them less safe and engaging in personal take-downs that all but rub their hands at the prospect of their murder. They've bemoaned the lack of photos of the filmmaker, assuming that their responsibility is to localize a possible target for religious killing, not to protect a fellow citizen's right to speak without fear of violent reprisals. Even police officers started anonymously confirming bits of information about him.
The only actual charge is a parole violation.
When Hillary Clinton spends a while calling the video "disgusting and reprehensible" before getting around to condemning the lynch-murder of diplomatic officers, or when they shove three sentences about religious tolerance between "Some people think this attack was deserved" and "It wasn't," they can be forgiven due to their position; if they appear cold to the feelings of Muslims, people can literally die. But for the media to throw Nakoula under the bus when what set them running was the exercise of their most basic rights as journalists and citizens, is simply short-sighted.
Probably the most ignorant thing said about the film also happens to be one of the most wide-spread: that it was "intended" to incite violence. This is a subtle restatement of the most basic possible misunderstanding of free speech, that the expression of an opinion can be a violent act. The film contains no call to action on anyone's part, and Nakoula certainly made no special effort to put it under the eyes of Islamists in the Middle East. In what way can we credibly call this a deliberate effort to incite, beyond the simple fact that we do not agree with the opinion being expressed?
Here we have no cute young damsel to defend, nor a laughably inoffensive cartoon; here we have a truly bigoted work by an evidently quite ignorant man. This situation forces us to decide how much our freedom of expression really means to us, whether distasteful speech really is subject to the same protections as the popular sort, and whether violence at home and abroad can scare us into to leaving our weakest members to the wolves.
When Molly Norris tried to extract themselves from Everybody Draw Muhammad Day, the movement saw it as a betrayal. They were attacked as a fair-weather activist by people too afraid to put their own names on their own cartoons, and they were continually falsely accused of being an organizer of the event.
Norris was trapped by a media narrative, quite literally, and destroyed by it so directly that it can hardly even be called accidental. When Nakoula is inevitably killed or driven into perpetual hiding, there will be absolutely no wiggle-room at all: their rights were declared unimportant, their safety undermined, because we did not like what they had to say, and because mobs of murderers scare us more than a single cringing filmmaker.
Many of those who comfortably enjoy the right to free expression are more than willing to discard their own champions, be they erudite novelists, sweet young cartoonists, or big ugly bigots. It of course turns out that a laughable YouTube video doesn't have quite the power some had assumed, but the narrative hasn't changed in tandem with the facts: Nakoula is responsible, and they must be brought to justice. The fear seems to be that Nakoula's Islamophobia might be catching.
It's clear, though, that if we isolate them completely enough, Nakoula will eventually go away. Just like Molly Norris did. Then we can all forget, go back to our lives, and resume our happy coloring -- strictly within the lines.
The Toyota programme was expected to get off to a slow start on the marque's return to the WRC after a 17-year absence, but Latvala's second place in Monte Carlo and shock Sweden win means they lead the standings after two rounds.
Asked for their thoughts on Latvala's title prospects, Makinen told Motorsport.com: "I have a good feeling that Jari-Matti can fight this year.
"I can make them feel more confident and more comfortable in the car. I understand better than anybody else what this means, I have been there so long myself that I know what they are feeling. Very clearly in Sweden, Jari-Matti was the strongest man in the world."
Latvala had begun the season aiming for podiums and points at best, but admitted their results so far had forced a rethink.
"Before the start of Monte, I was thinking about a top six there and a top five in Sweden," they said. "This changes things. But let's see."
Scoring maximum powerstage bonus points in Sweden was key to Latvala going four points clear of Sebastien Ogier in the championship.
But with the points leader having to run first on the dusty roads on the opening day of the next round in Mexico, Ogier said they had taken a deliberate decision to avoid being in that position.
"I had a little doubt they might pull back and let me open the road again in Mexico, so I was quite happy to see them go fast," Ogier joked about their powerstage runs.
"I wasn't really flat out. The target was: 'OK, I need to take three or four points because I was sure Jari-Matti Latvala would be in the top five.'
"He took everything and they lead the championship by four points, but I have somebody making the line in Mexico."
Rally Mexico is expected to be tougher for Toyota as though as it has tested in both hot weather and at high altitude, it had not done both in the same location in its pre-season programme.
The team headed to Almeria in Spain to prepare for Mexico this week, but its test was disrupted early on when Latvala rolled the car.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Floral tributes for deceased hostages Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson are expected to return to Sydney's CBD as the city prepares to mark one year since the Lindt cafe siege
Sydney is preparing to mark one year since the siege at the Lindt cafe, where a lone gunman held 17 people hostage for 16 hours. Three people, including the gunman, Man Haron Monis, were killed.
For Chris Reason, who won Journalist of the Year for their reporting of the siege, marking the anniversary will not be an ordinary news story to cover.
The Channel Seven newsrooms where they work is adjacent to the cafe in Martin Place, and they found themselves positioned with the police snipers, perched on the balcony of a mezzanine level in the newsroom, overlooking the cafe throughout the siege.
"You can't escape it, it's always there reminding you of what happened, it's unavoidable," Reason told the BBC.
"As much as news men and women like to think events don't get under their skin, that one did."
The first moments of the siege could be seen in the background of the channel's morning programme.
'Political overtones'
Monday 15 December was Reason's first day back at work after six months of leave. When they were asked to cover a suspected armed hold-up at a cafe, they said they were "a bit miffed", thinking they were "past the age of doing petty crime" reports.
Image copyright AP Image caption Cameras inside Channel Seven's goldfish bowl newsroom in Sydney's Martin Place, across from the Lindt cafe, captured the first images of the hostage situation.
"It wasn't long after that the black flag went up. We knew that there were political overtones to the event and that ratcheted up quite quickly the response in the newsroom."
That black flag, with the Islamic creed written on it in Arabic - was at first wrongly identified as the flag used by Islamist State militants. Investigators have not so far found a firm link between Monis and Islamist groups - an inquest is still underway.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The 16-hour stand-off came to an end with three people dead, including the hostage-taker
The Channel Seven building was evacuated soon after, meaning Reason and their colleagues had to file to newsrooms in others states from makeshift posts.
But in the early evening, Reason and cameraman Greg Parker were allowed back inside, though police warned them it was possible Monis's backpack contained an explosive device which could threaten the building.
"They read an insurance waiver almost, and asked 'are you prepared to go in and face that?' But just 30m away, to see the hostages inside the cafe, we saw what a real threat looked like."
Image copyright @ChrisReason7
'Lives were in the balance'
Parker's camera played a vital role in feeding live up-close pictures to police command centres.
"Greg could clearly see straight into the windows what was going on inside and it was an enormous strategic asset to police," Chris said.
"There were two rules - none of those pictures could go out live and none of the pictures we sent out could show police movements."
How the Sydney siege unfolded
A gunman enters the cafe early on 15 December and has a coffee before holding a gun to manager Tori Johnson's head.
The gunman is identified as Man Haron Monis, an Iranian self-styled Muslim cleric given asylum in Australia.
Monis already faces a string of criminal charges, including sexual assault and being an accessory to the murder of their ex-wife.
Several hostages managed to escape the cafe which is surrounded by hundreds of armed police.
Police commandos storm the cafe in the early hours of 16 December, after Monis shoots Mr Johnson dead.
Monis and cafe customer Katrina Dawson die in the police operation.
They could see Monis was using an iPad in the cafe, and that they would be able to follow any information they broadcast.
"There was so much more I wanted to say but it wasn't worth saying. Lives were in the balance throughout that night."
Chris said it was a rare moment where they were not acting on purely journalistic terms.
"We suppressed all this information throughout the night. In terms of objectivity it was difficult."
In 2015, Reason was honoured with multiple awards, including Australian Journalist of the Year, for their reporting on the siege, something they described as bittersweet.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption 7News journalists Chris Reason, Melissa Doyle, cameraman Greg Parker, and colleagues were awarded the Most Outstanding News Coverage Logie Award in May
"It's been a really difficult position to be in, to be congratulated and patted on the back for something as awful as it was."
They will be covering a twilight memorial event in Martin Place on Tuesday, and says it will be a story "more burdensome than most".
It is a sentiment shared by their colleagues, including one who clearly remembers passing Man Haron Monis in the cafe that morning.
"They still think long and hard about what would have happened if it was a minute earlier," Chris said.
Emil "Magiskb0Y" Reif has parted ways with the team that recently cut ties with SK Gaming.
A week ago the Danish SK team cut ties with the German organization to make room for the former Luminosity side, shortly after Jacob "Pimp" Winneche left the roster for Liquid.
At the same time, Asger "AcilioN" Larsen also announced that they aren't going to stick with the squad and will instead search for a new team.
Magiskb0Y no longer part of ex-SK
Meanwhile, Michael "Friis" Jørgensen and company added DreamHack Summer stand-ins, Lukas "gla1ve" Rossander and Valdemar "valde" Bjørn Vangså, with whom they upset the tournament's victors Immortals and finished in 5th-6th place.
It turns out the changes haven't been finalized, as ex-SK's best-rated player Emil "Magisk" Reif revealed they had exited the team as well, leaving them one man short yet again.
"It's been a pleasure playing with SK, they are all great players and we had a great time together. But after we parted ways with SK I wanted to try something new. Which means my future will be held somewhere else." Reif told HLTV.org. "As of now it's uncertain where my new home will be, but I'm sure I'll find the right home for me, where I can continue to improve as a player. I want to thanks SK & the people around for a great time, they have taken good care of us. But also to my former teammate Michael "Friis" Jørgensen, who helped me develop a lot as a player."
It's been a pleasure playing with SK, they are all great players and we had a great time together. But after we parted ways with SK I wanted to try something new. Which means my future will be held somewhere else. As for now it's uncertain where my new home will be, but im sure I'll find the right home for me, where I can continue to improve as a player. I want to thanks SK & the people around for a great time, they have taken good care of us. But also to my former teammate Michael "Friis" Jørgensen, who helped me to develop a lot as a player.
ex-SK now have the following four players:
NEWARK — President Obama ordered federal agencies on Monday to stop asking most prospective employees about their criminal histories at the beginning of the application process, a change long sought by activists to help reintegrate former inmates into society.
During a trip to Newark, where they visited a residential drug treatment center, Mr. Obama said that America would be stronger if it found ways to move criminals emerging from prison into paying jobs, but that too many employers dismiss applicants out of hand if they are honest and check the box asking whether they have been convicted of a crime.
“It's not too late,” Mr. Obama told an audience at the Newark campus of Rutgers University that included a few ex-offenders who had turned their lives around. “There are people who have gone through tough times, they've made mistakes, but with a little bit of help, they can get on the right path. And that's what we have to invest in. That's what we have to believe. That's what we have to promote.”
Mr. Obama directed the federal Office of Personnel Management to delay inquiries into criminal history until later in the hiring process for most competitive federal jobs so applicants are not rejected before having a chance to make a positive impression. Most federal agencies have already taken this step, but officials said new rules would be published in the new year banning requests for criminal backgrounds until the most qualified applicants are sent to a hiring manager. Exceptions will be made for law enforcement, national security and other sensitive positions.
While there is an appropriately high interest in the Win8 Tablet announcement from Microsoft today, there is no way it is going to be a game changer. Because it was never intended to be.
Game changers meet newly emerging, unmet needs, in new ways.
People are usually happy enough, until they see the new product/solution and realize "hey, this helps me do something I couldn't do before" or "this helps me solve my problem a lot better." Game changers aren't a simple improvement, they allow customers to do something radically different. And although at first they may well appear to not work too well, or appear too expensive, they meet needs so uniquely, and better, that they cause people to change their behavior.
The iPhone was a Game Changer
Motorola invented the smart phone. But Motorola thought it was too expensive to be a cell phone, and not powerful enough to be a PC. Believing it didn't fit existing markets well, Motorola shelved the product.
Apple realized people wanted to be mobile. Cell phones did mobile talk and text OK - and RIM had pretty good email. But this was limited use. Laptops had great use, but were too big, heavy and cumbersome to be really mobile. So Apple figured out how to add apps to the phone, and use cloud services support, in order to make the smart phone fill some pretty useful needs - like navigation, being a flashlight, picking up tweets - and a few hundred thousand other things - like doctors checking x-rays or MRI results. Not as good as a PC, and somewhat on the expensive side for the device and the AT&T connection, but a whole lot more convenient. And that was a game changer.
Windows 8 is designed to be a better Windows
From the beginning, Windows 8 has been - by design - intended to defend and extend the Windows product line. Rather than designed to resolve unmet needs, or do things nobody else could do, or dramatically improve productivity over all other possible solutions, Windows 8 was designed to simply extend Windows so (hopefully) people would not shift to the game changer technology offered by Apple, and later Google.
The problem with trying to extend old products into new markets is it rarely works. Take for example Windows 7. It was designed to replace Windows Vista, which was quite unpopular as an upgrade from Windows XP. By most accounts, Windows 7 is a lot better. But, it didn't offer users anything that made them excited to buy Windows 7. It didn't solve any unmet needs, or offer any radically better solutions. It was just Windows better and faster (some just said "fixed.")
Nothing wrong with that, except Windows 7 did not address the most critical issue in the personal technology marketplace. Windows 7 did not propel PC sales. Windows 7 did not stop the transition from using PCs to using mobile devices. As a result, while sales of app-enabled smartphones and tablets exploded, sales of PCs stalled:
Chart reproduced with permission of Business Insider Intelligence 6/12/12 courtesy of Alex Cocotas
Not Even Nokia could make Windows mobile
People are moving to the mobility provided by apps, cloud services and the really easy to use interface on modern mobile devices. Market leading cell phone maker Nokia decided it needed to enter smartphones, and did so by wholesale committing to Windows 7. But now the CEO, Mr. Elop (formerly a Microsoft executive,) is admitting Windows phones simply don't sell well.
Nobody cares about Microsoft, or Windows, now that the game has changed to mobility - and Windows 7 simply doesn't offer the solutions that Apple and Android does. Not even Nokia's massive brand image, distribution or ad spending can help when a product is late, and doesn't greatly exceed the market leader's performance. Just last week Nokia announced it was laying off another 10,000 employees.
Windows 8 is trying to sustain a dying market
Reviews of Win8 have been mixed. And that should not be surprising. Microsoft made the mistake of trying to make Win8 something nobody really wants. On the one hand it has a new interface called Metro that is supposed to be more iOS/Android "like" by using tiles, touch screen, etc. But it's not a breakthrough, just an effort to be more like the existing competition. Maybe a little better, but everyone believes the leaders will be better still with new updates soon.
By definition, that is not game changing.
Simultaneously, with Win8 users can find their way into a more historical Windows interface. But the path is not obvious, or intuitive. And it has some pretty "clunky" features for those who like Windows. So it's not a "great" Windows solution that would attract developers today focused on other platforms.
Win8 tries to be the old, and the new, without being great at either, and without offering anything that solves new problems, or creates breakthroughs in simplicity or performance.
Do you know the story about the Ford Edsel?
By focusing on playing catch up, and trying to defend & extend the Windows history, Microsoft missed what was most important about mobility - and that is the thousands of apps. The product line is years late to market, short on apps, short on app developers and short on giving anyone a reason to really create apps for Win8.
Some think it is good if Microsoft makes its own tablet - like it has done with xBox. But that really doesn't matter. What matters is whether Microsoft gives users and developers something that causes them to really, really want a new platform that is late and doesn't have the app base, or the app store, or the interfaces to social media or all the other great thinks they already have come to expect and like about their tablet (or smartphone.)
When iOS came out it was new, unique and had people flocking to buy it. It was the only choice for developers and customers. But Windows 8 gives nobody a reason to develop for, or buy, a Win8 tablet - regardless of who manufactures it. Microsoft does not deliver a huge, untapped market. Microsoft doesn't solve some large, unmet need. Microsoft doesn't promise to change competition to some new, major trend that would drive early adopters to change platforms and bring along the rest of the market.
And making a deal so a dying company, on the edge of bankruptcy - Barnes & Noble - uses your technology is not a "big win." Amazon is killing Barnes & Noble, and Microsoft Windows 8 won't change that. No more than the Nook is going to take out Kindle, Kindle Fire, Galaxy Tab or the iPad. Microsoft can throw away $300million trying to convince people Win8 has value, but spending investor money on a dying business as a PR ploy is just stupid.
Microsoft missed the shift to mobility
Microsoft is playing catch up. Catch up with the user interface. Catch up with the format. Catch up with the device size and portability. Catch up with the usability (apps). Just catch up.
Microsoft's problem started when its leaders refused to accept the PC market stall back in 2008 or 2009. Back then Mr. Ballmer should have seen that mobility was a game changing trend (some 8 years after Mr. Jobs and Apple,) and required retooling the Microsoft solution suite.
Microsoft dabbled with music mobility with Zune, but quickly dropped the effort as it refocused on its "core" Windows. Microsoft dabbled with mobile phones across different solutions including Kin - which it dropped along with Microsoft Mobility. Back again to focusing on operating systems.
By maintaining its focus on Windows Microsoft hoped it could stop the trend, and refused to accept the market shift that was destined to stall its sales.
It is long past time to sell Microsoft
Microsoft stock has been flat for a decade. Its recent value improvement as Win8 approaches launch indicates that hope beats eternally in some investors' breasts for a return to Microsoft software dominance. But those days are long past. PC sales have stalled, and Windows is a product headed toward obsolescence as competitors make ever better, more powerful mobile platforms and ecosystems. If you haven't sold Microsoft yet, this may well be your last chance above $30. Ever.
Links:
How smart leaders avoid the crazy Microsoft Windows 8 bet
Better, Faster, Cheaper is not innovation - comparing Kodak and Microsoft
Overcoming growth stalls - comparing Microsoft and Apple
Understanding Growth stalls - impact on stalled companies focusing on Microsoft
Calls for firing Steve Ballmer in 2010
Steve Ballmer tops Forbes list of CEOs who should be fired in 2012
The cost of Defend & Extend - why Microsoft overspends on R&D and product development
While the world kept asking questions and Indians remained puzzled, Noida-based Ringing Bells, promising a Rs 251 (less than $4) “Make in India” smartphone, on Friday claimed to have received nearly five crore registrations in just two days of opening up for online pre-orders. In a chat with IANS, company president Ashok Chadha said that since the company will hand over 25 lakh “Freedom 251” phones to the people who have registered online, the firm is now considering whether to stop the registration process or not as there are two more days left to pre-order the phone till 8:00PM on February 21.
“The pre-booking numbers we received are sheer humongous. I am happy that so many Indians have responded to our ‘Make in India' smartphone call. Now the onus is on us to deliver on the promise and I am hopeful that we will be able to start delivery latest by April 10 and finish well before the June 30 deadline,” Chadha told IANS.
The smartphones will be handed over via first-come-first-serve basis, they announced. According to Chadha, the company is looking to set up two more units – one each in Noida and Uttarakhand. But how fast the company is going to start the manufacturing and churn out devices is a big question.
Chadha further said that while the manufacturing cost of the phone is high, it will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace. However, how well the little-known firm is placed to achieve this task is yet to be known.
“We are only looking at slim margins here. The aim is to first empower people especially from rural parts of the country to connect with the mainstream with this cheap yet powerful smartphone,” they added.
Reacting to the controversy that all the icons of the built-in app were almost a replica of Apple's iOS icons, they said the phones that were shown just as samples during the launch on Wednesday were “of some other brand” and the company will provide people “Freedom 251” with all promised features.
With such tall promises, the road ahead for the “Freedom 251” makers is not easy though. The Indian government is keeping a close watch on its four-day booking offer that started from 6:00AM on Thursday. The Indian Cellular Association has also written to the telecom ministry, urging the government to get to the bottom of the issue as selling a smartphone this cheap is not possible.
Earlier on Thursday, Ringing Bells claimed to have received 30,000 confirmed orders and over six lakh hits per second on its website on the first day. But hours later, the firm stopped taking orders after its servers crashed owing to a huge rush to book the device online. The much-hyped launch of the world's cheapest smartphone “Freedom 251” was also thrown into disarray as there was utter chaos at the company's Noida-based head office on Thursday.
John Willis standing with a group of friends in prison in Cumberland, Maryland. —Courtesy John Willis
In the summer and fall of 2013, Boston was engrossed in the trial of notorious Boston gangster James “Whitey'' Bulger, who was eventually sentenced to life in prison in November of that year. But while the Bulger saga played out, a lesser-known kingpin — known to FBI agents as “White Devil'' — was also facing trial.
John Willis was sentenced to 20 years in prison on drug trafficking and money laundering charges.
“Twenty years in federal prison is well deserved for Mr. Willis, a career criminal and the mastermind behind this organization,'' US Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz said during sentencing. “Not only did this investigation expose a world of illegal gambling, prostitution, and extortion, but also revealed a significant oxycodone distribution operation.''
Advertisement
What makes Willis noteworthy is how the born-and-raised Dorchester native rose to a top position as a gang leader in Chinatown's underworld, an ecosystem that rarely accepts outsiders. Their journey from a poor Dorchester orphan to a leader in the Ping On gang fluent in Chinese (both Cantonese and Toisanese) and eventually a Maryland prison cell is the subject of journalist Bob Halloran's book, White Devil, available today from BenBella Books.
Halloran is best known as a weekend sports anchor for WCVB, but they have also written two books about prominent Boston figures. Irish Thunder: The Hard Life and Times of Micky Ward, was the basis for the Mark Wahlberg movie, The Fighter, while Impact Statement: A Family's Fight for Justice Against Whitey Bulger chronicles the Whitey Bulger saga from the perspective of Steven Davis, a longtime advocate for the families of Bulger's victims who lost a father, two sisters, and a brother due to the actions of Bulger and their gang.
We spoke to Halloran about the White Devil's rise, their downfall, and whether the stories of gangsters like Bulger and Willis deserve to be told.
A teenage Willis in a tuxedo before their sister's wedding (L) and Willis at age 10 (R). —Courtesy Deborah Jelly
Give me some background of how John Willis the “White Devil'' came to be.
Advertisement
When John was growing up in Dorchester, they had no one. Their father left, their mother died when they were 15, and no one in their family went out of their way to take care of him. They eventually got a job as a bouncer at a bar in Kenmore Square. They were a big strong kid, taking steroids and lifting weights. Then, one night, they helped a Chinese guy get out of a jam. When that happened, the guy, who was a member of a Chinatown gang, gave them a phone number to call if they ever needed anything.
So they ended up calling.
They were starving, lying on a cold floor in Dorchester, and called the number. Long story short, they ended up in a Chinese gang. They were picked up by a bunch of Chinese gangsters, who brought them to a house. The next day, they were indoctrinated. They went out shopping with them and learned the ropes.
Willis as a teenager. —Courtesy Deborah Jelly
How did they go from being a hired thug to running the Chinese mafia?
Over time they learned to speak Chinese, to pick up girls. But because he's the biggest and strongest and baddest, they were the assistant and enforcer for a guy named Bai Ming. They were their right-hand man, the second in charge of the gang in Chinatown in the early 90s.
What started their downfall?
They ended up branching out on their own over a number of years. Thanks to connections they made in prison, they started selling drugs, which was something Bai Ming wasn't interested in doing. They became known to authorities a bit more because of that. As a result of an investigation into the brothels and gambling dens, they found out they were selling drugs, mostly OxyContin from Florida, up to Cape Cod and other parts of Massachusetts. Now he's serving 20 years in Cumberland, Maryland.
Advertisement
In the process of writing this book, you visited John in prison for a total of seven hours. How would you characterize them as a person?
I've said this to other friends and family, but it's strange to know the guy is a violent drug dealer who ruined so many lives. If you just met him, you might say he's an engaging, charming, intelligent fellow. He's funny – they don't tell a lot of jokes, but they have a dry wit. He's very easy to talk to, and quite honestly he's easy to argue with.
So what did you argue about?
When they rationalized their life choices, I would debate them like a father talking to a kid. Saying, “you had plenty of chances to go get a GED and get out of this, but you stayed in it because you liked it.'' So I argued with them on this, and it was very congenial. There was no raising of voices. It was very philosophical. They like to think that they think deeply, and maybe they do. I put it out of their thoughts into the book so people will get a chance to know them and how they think, and the choices they made. To me, it's the best part of the book, that I had seven hours to talk with John, so the reader gets to read their voice directly.
I read that during their trial they thought their sentencing was unfair. Was it your impression that they are still rationalizing their crimes, or do you think he's learned something?
No, he's not contrite. He's angrier. Their main point is that they never caught them with even one pill. They never found any drugs on him. They boot-strapped them to a different investigation. They knew they were being followed and that the FBI was on to him. They had five burner cell phones going at once, and was definitely working covertly. But they got stopped for speeding in North Carolina and they took about $80,000 from them because they couldn't account for it. So we argued about that.
They said, “I could have been saving that money since I was 10 years old, my entire life savings. I don't believe in banks, and they just take the money because I can't explain how I earned it? Does that seem fair?'' And I said to him, “you didn't save it since you were 10, that was part of a drug deal.''
The Bentley John Willis was driving when they were stopped in North Carolina. —Department of Justice
So they think they got a raw deal.
They were upset that somebody turned on him. They were upset that they got their girlfriend involved, Anh Nguyen. They got on them for witness tampering and in order to keep them out of jail they were more likely to plea. They ended up agreeing to 20 years when they didn't really have evidence other than wiretaps when they were talking about some things. It wasn't the strongest case, but they did accept the 20 years. And they were guilty. Just because it wasn't the strongest case doesn't mean they aren't guilty.
Warner Bros. is currently planning to make a movie about John Willis with James Gray (The Immigrant) attached to direct, and you're a consultant on the project, correct? Knowing that a movie is in the works, how do you feel in general about the burgeoning Boston gangster movie genre? Do you feel the movies are fair, or do they overly glamorize some people, like Whitey Bulger or John Willis?
I guess it's okay for me to say publicly, but I don't think Black Mass was very good. I've enjoyed many of the other Boston-based crime dramas. I don't give too much thought into how it depicts Boston nationally or internationally. I'm just a moviegoer looking to see drama played out on the screen. I think my biggest problem with Black Mass was I felt like if you didn't know the story intricately, you could barely follow the movie. All they did was introduce characters in order to kill them.
As far as the general part of Boston and crime being played out on the screen, I think that the John Willis story has a unique hook to it. We haven't seen Asian gangs depicted. I don't know what the situation is in 2015 or 2016, but John's story takes place in the early '90s. That time period was something that I think there's an interest in, and that this white guy is able to live and thrive and teach themselves Chinese, and to be adopted by a culture and adopt that culture. I would like to see how [a big-screen adaption] would play it out.
I haven't seen James Gray's script but I assume it would focus on the early 90s. I would say the first half of my book is about that, and the second half is about everything they did to run into trouble and find themselves in jail. The book spans many years, and I assume the movie would focus on a short period of time, the “White Devil'' period.
A Pompano Beach, Florida property owned by Willis. —Department of Justice
It makes sense that a movie would focus on their rise and their unique assimilation into Chinese gang culture, because that has entertainment value. But given the recent national coverage of heroin addiction [HBO recently aired a documentary on Cape Cod addicts] and the effect opioid addiction has had on people and their families in the area, do you think it's fair make a movie that's entertainment-based, based on someone who brought drugs to this area and irrevocably changed a lot of lives?
It's definitely a conflict. I've gotten emails from people not pleased that I was making a star out of John Willis. I don't know if that's accurate.
The word “notoriety'' gets misused a lot. People take it to mean “popular,'' but it really comes from “notorious,'' which is being known for bad reasons. Their notoriety on the screen will play itself out and people will come to know him, but they'll come to know them as a guy who irrevocably changed lives and brought increased addictions to the area and does it without any empathy or concern for others.
I'm not a psychologist, so I can't throw out words like “psychopath,'' but they do strike me as someone who has no remorse and very little empathy for others. If that's portrayed properly, people will come to know him, but won't necessarily come to like him.
We see that with the way that some people still try to convince you that Whitey Bulger was good for Southie, the way they protected the streets and didn't sell drugs. Or in Black Mass where he's nice to the old lady or he's a good father. I don't know how much you need to see those sides of the bad guys. But there is some romance [in White Devil]. There's a love story. Their wife — John refers to their girlfriend, Anh Nguyen, as their wife — has a daughter, and John is very good to them
I don't know about making a star out of a bad guy, but there's a story there to be told, and if done properly I don't think people will come to love or respect John Willis. I think they'll recognize them as just another drug dealer.
White Devil by Bob Halloran is available in stores or online now.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Former Rangers FC player Marvin Andrews has claimed that gay people have a “spiritual sickness”
The Trinidadian footballer played in the Scottish Premier League for several years, with the Livingston and Rangers football clubs.
The 38-year-old is still playing in Scotland – for Elgin City, in the fourth tier of the sport.
Andrews was writing to defend their pastor Joe Nwokoye – who has previously blamed natural disasters on same-sex marriage.
The footballer wrote: “For a man to see a man or a woman to see a woman in that way is a spiritual sickness and it is the Bible – not Marvin Andrews – that says that is an abomination.
“I am not going to contradict my beliefs. I don't care if 100,000 people are against me – I'll stand on the word of God.”
Activist Rob McDowall, of LGBT Network told the Daily Record: “I am a strong advocate of free speech and the right to practise one's religion freely but Marvin Andrews is distorting the teachings of the Bible to justify their intolerance of LGBT persons.
“What happened to God and God only being the judge?
“While it may suit Andrews to misinterpret 20 verses of the Bible out of around 31,000, Christianity is about love and tolerance.”
White House concerned it only has a year to turn around Afghanistan and Pakistan before US public support wanes
The Obama administration believes it has only a small window of opportunity, possibly just a year, to turn around the situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan before US public support begins to erode, diplomatic and military officials say.
President Barack Obama briefed members of Congress yesterday before the unveiling of their new policy on Afghanistan and Pakistan today.
Among the proposals is a plan to send 4,000 more US troops to Afghanistan - in addition to the 17,000 combat troops they ordered last month - to train the Afghan army. Instead of creating a national army, they will focus instead on the more modest goal of trying to turn ragtag militia groups into forces capable of providing protection against the Taliban and al-Qaida.
More emphasis is to be given to civilian projects, with the US to double its civilian contingent in the country to 900 to provide help with agriculture projects, small businesses and setting up a rudimentary judicial service.
An official said yesterday that Obama's planners thought they had about 12 months to show measurable progress in Afghanistan before public support would wane and the policy turn into a Democratic-Republican political issue.
The planners fear the war could become an election issue as the mid-term Congressional elections in November next year draw near, and that Congress might be reluctant to fund the strategy.
The planners are also said to assume that the overall US strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan has a working life of three to five years.
Obama, in a TV interview on Sunday, talked of an "exit strategy" but not a time-frame. Democrats do not want a messy war overshadowing the president's expected re-election attempt in 2012.
Public support for the strategy in Afghanistan, Pakistan and the US is seen as a crucial factor that could determine its fate. US cross-border drone attacks on targets in Pakistan are seen, in places, as damaging to public support. The US is not now expected to launch more cross-border ground raids.
Obama's new Afghanistan and Pakistan policy is to set out an achievable objective: ensuring the two countries are not safe havens for terrorists wanting to attack Americans. The US is to step up the military offensive against the Taliban and al-Qaida in both Afghanistan and the tribal areas of north Pakistan.
But the military approach will be combined with projects aimed at winning hearts and minds. An official engaged in the review said: "You can send as many [troops] as you like, but unless you focus on other things it will not work."
Relations between the Obama administration and Pakistan are being strained by CIA-operated Predator missile attacks inside Pakistan against suspected Taliban and al-Qaida operatives.
A Pakistan foreign office spokesperson, Abdul Basit, yesterday called on the US to rethink its use of drones. They spoke after a drone killed four in the North Waziristan region, only hours after another strike killed seven people in South Waziristan.
The US intends to try to improve relations with Pakistan by providing more aid. And the approach will involve Iran. Representatives from Tehran plan to go to a summit in The Hague on 31 March to discuss Afghanistan. The US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, will also be present. But Gordon Duguid, a state department spokesperson, warned: "No substantive meetings are planned with Iranian officials."
By the 2030s, declining oxygen levels will likely be evident in many of the world's oceans. (NOAA via National Science Foundation)
What happens if marine life in the oceans can't pull in enough oxygen from the oceans to live? We may be about to find out.
A startling new study led by the National Center for Atmospheric Research (the federal research arm of the National Science Foundation) published Wednesday found a disturbing trend – a warming planet could overwhelm natural variability and start to significantly affect oxygen levels in the oceans in just 10-15 years.
The study confirmed what scientists have long observed - that climate change is causing a drop in the amount of oxygen dissolved in oceans in some parts of the world. But the study's central conclusion is what is so alarming - the effects of this drop in the amount of oxygen all marine life require will start to become evident in just 15 years or so. At some point, the drop in the ocean's oxygen levels will leave marine life struggling to breathe.
Climate scientists have predicted for some time that the planet's rapidly warming climate (2014 and 2015 were the hottest years in civilized history and 2016 may eclipse the record as well) would start to affect oxygen levels in the oceans.
But what they haven't been able to show, until now, is just how noticeable the drop in oxygen levels actually was – and how to separate what was caused by natural variability (like the el Nino cycle) and what was caused by climate change.
Now we know.
"Loss of oxygen in the oceans is one of the serious side effects of a warming atmosphere, and a major threat to marine life," said Matthew Long, who is the lead author of the study. "Since oxygen concentrations in the ocean naturally vary depending on variations in winds and temperature at the surface, it's been challenging to attribute any de-oxygenation to climate change. This new study tells us when we can expect the effect from climate change to overwhelm the natural variability."
The crossover – the point at which climate change starts to overwhelm the earth's normal cycles and systems (natural variability) – will start to occur in just a decade or so, the study concluded. From that point forward, marine life will find it progressively more difficult to simply exist as the planet continues to warm.
The basics of the problem are this. The entirety of our oceans (from the waters at the ocean floor to the shallows) gets its oxygen supply from the surface. That oxygen is dissolved either from the atmosphere or from phytoplankton (which releases oxygen into the water through photosynthesis, a process nearly every child in America understands by the time they leave elementary school).
But as the planet's surface warms – and it has already warmed, on average, by about 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit since the start of the industrial revolution – the ocean's surface absorbs less oxygen.
What's even worse is that, as the ocean's surface heats up, the absorbed oxygen begins to struggle to travel deeper into the ocean. A simple chemistry experiment shows why: as water heats up, it expands and becomes lighter than the water below and less likely to sink. So less absorbed oxygen travels into the depths as a result.
While it's true that natural cycles of warming and cooling change the oxygen concentrations at the surface of the oceans, that isn't the case at the deeper levels of the ocean where a great deal of marine life lives. There, changes occurring now due to global warming can literally alter the web of life for decades.
To sort through how much global warming is affecting depleted oxygen levels, the research team – which also included Curtis Deutsch at the University of Washington and Taka Ito of Georgia Tech – relied on NCAR's atmospheric supercomputer, which has built an earth system model.
"This study shows how far comprehensive earth system models have come in the effort to quantify, along with relatively sparse observations, large-scale changes in oxygen in the oceans due to both natural variability and climate change," said Eric Itsweire, who is a program director in NSF's ocean sciences division.
I don't know how else to put it. This is serious. If the National Security Agency's massive supercomputing network predicted ISIS was about to attack the United States, we'd mobilize. But what happens when our nation's only atmospheric supercomputer tells us the oceans' marine life is in serious jeopardy?
This isn't some incremental threat way off in the distance. We're talking about an existential threat to marine life that is emerging literally right now.
We need to pay attention - right now, not 50 years from now - to what is happening on the planet we have conquered and are supposed to be protecting. Marine life can't tell us why depleted oxygen levels threaten them. Only we, the human species, have the ability to understand the threat – and do something about it.
This is more than just a matter of trawlers losing the ability to fish for crabs, or cruise lines giving up the possibility to convince tourists to pay to go whale-watching. We're talking about, quite possibly, the beginning of the collapse of the web of life in our oceans.
The new study - which was published in the American Geophysical Union journal "Global Biogeochemical Cycles", funded by NSF and led by NCAR scientists – should be a stark, clear warning of what the world is facing. But one of our two national parties in the United States has chosen to simply pretend that none of it is real.
In fact, just last night, the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party, Donald Trump, literally laughed out loud about the saliency of the global warming threat we face, right now, during their press conference celebrating their massive five-state primary win.
"Global warming? Gimme a break," Trump laughed, ridiculing the historic Paris climate agreement just signed by 175 nations and President Barack Obama's laser focus on the issue in their second term.
Trump, who now stands a 50-50 chance of becoming the next American president, literally dismissed global warming out of hand as a joke and not something to be either understood or addressed. But the ocean's marine life will, at some point in the not-too-distant future, begin to disagree with him. Silently, struggling to breathe.
Image caption Patricia Acioli was buried on Friday in their home town of Nteroi
A Brazilian judge renowned for their work against organised crime has been shot dead in Rio de Janeiro State.
Patricia Acioli was gunned down outside their home in the city of Niteroi late on Thursday by masked men travelling on two motorbikes, officials said.
They were best known for convicting members of vigilante gangs and corrupt police officers.
The judge's family said they had received several death threats, but had not had a police escort.
Witnesses told AFP the gunmen intercepted the mother-of-three's car as they were arriving at home in Niteroi, just across Guanabara Bay from Rio de Janeiro.
They had fired at least 16 shots, killing the 47-year-old instantly, reports said. Them funeral service was held on Friday in Niteroi.
Brazil's Supreme Court condemned the killing as an attack on democracy and the rule of law.
"Cowardly crimes against magistrates are an attack on the independence of the judiciary, the state and Brazilian democracy," Supreme Court President Cezar Peluso said in a statement.
"The preservation of the rule of law in our country demands a rapid investigation of the facts and a rigorous punishment of those responsible for this barbarous act."
Rio has stepped up its campaign against violent crime ahead of hosting football's World Cup in 2014 and the Olympic Games in 2016, correspondents say.
By Sean Trende - September 21, 2012
This is the last in a three-part series exploring the state of the presidential race. Part 1 explained why Barack Obama would win. Part 2 explained why Mitt Romney would win. This part explores the long-term implications for whoever wins this election.
In particular, I want to reflect on this column by Stu Rothenberg from 2008, which is one of the more prescient things I've ever read on politics. As Rothenberg put it, “In the worst-case scenario, a McCain victory in November could likely lead to a Republican bloodletting that would tear apart the GOP well before 2012, contribute to another good Democratic election in 2010 and hand Democrats such a strong advantage during redistricting that Republicans wouldn't be able to recover for years.”
Read the whole thing; it is 100 percent correct. If McCain had won, the Democratic policy agenda probably would have been more successful than it has been under Obama, since McCain favored a stimulus and health care reform, and would have pushed their party to enable passage of immigration reform and cap-and-trade legislation.
The economy would likely still be sluggish, the GOP would have been walloped in the midterm elections, and the debate right now would probably be about whether Democrats -- after controlling redistricting -- would approach veto-proof majorities in Congress, rather than their outside shot at winning the House.
It is always tempting for the winning party to spike the proverbial football after an election and declare that the American people have finally endorsed their agenda and rejected that of the opposing side. As I explain in “The Lost Majority,” however, those instincts are almost always wrong. If we've learned anything from the past two elections, it should be that the American people have very, very short memories, and that contingencies are always lurking around the corner waiting to catapult the losing side to victory.
In other words, there really are times when a party is better off losing. All in all, Democrats would have been much better off if Grover Cleveland hadn't overseen the Panic of 1893. If Charles Evans Hughes is the one who has to deal with settling World War I and its aftereffects, James Cox probably wins in a landslide in 1920. If Gerald Ford wins in 1976, 1980 is likely an ugly year for Republicans, and Ronald Reagan is never president.
This year in particular strikes me as one where the winning side should be careful what it wishes for, especially if it takes full control of all three branches of government. There's a very good chance that the next four years will be every bit as rocky as the last four, if not more so. Here are just four examples of massive problems looming. Having to deal with any one of them would be enough to sink a political party; having to deal with all four could be catastrophic.
I'll admit upfront that what follows are awfully negative. That is my overall sense of where things are headed in the short term. It's always dangerous to predict much beyond that; it is hard to say whether this is 1976, when disaster loomed for four years, or 1980, when bright days were just a few years away. Few predicted the Internet boom in the late 1990s, and for too many, America's worst days always seem just a few years away.
So this shouldn't be interpreted as giving investment advice of "guns, canned goods, and land in West Virginia." At the same time, however, I think it is important to acknowledge the enormity of the short-term challenges we face. The events of the past 15 years have thrown a lot of things out of whack, and I think we probably have a few more years until we return to that equilibrium.
The political ramifications of this are serious regardless of who wins. Because the short term is pretty grim, I think the 2014 midterms will be rough for whichever party holds the presidency. The 2016 elections are far enough away that predictions become more difficult. The fact that the Republican base has at best a love-hate relationship with Romney, and the fact that President Obama has no obvious heir apparent and the Democratic presidential bench is awfully thin makes the party coalitions unusually fragile going into that year to begin with.
1. The sluggish economy. Let's just put it this way: The Federal Reserve Board didn't just announce unlimited quantitative easing because things are looking rosy for the economy. And there is a real risk that this is simply as good as it gets for this recovery. The following chart shows year-over-year changes in GDP for the past 70 years, by quarter.
Here is year-over-year job growth during the past several decades.
In both instances, there's usually a spike early in the recovery, and then the recovery settles in around the spike (or a bit lower). In other words, history suggests we shouldn't expect to do that much better in the ensuing months of the recovery.
Note also that in both examples, the peak is below the peak from the 2000s, which is below the peak from the 1990s, which is below the peak from the 1980s. These aren't salutary trends.
To further emphasize where we stand, here's a chart of per capita GDP:
As you can see, once you account for population growth, we are still struggling to get back to where we were before the Great Recession began.
I'm watching a new video of FOX News' Glenn Beck that's going around, and as usual they act like a bit of a nut. But what's so disturbing is that this video is a perfect example of how Beck, and FOX generally, lie to their audience. Let me walk you through it.
1. Beck cites CBO (the Congressional Budget Office, an independent non-partisan congressional agency that is not tainted by politics) numbers to show that the stimulus cost more than the President Obama thought it would. On the order of 800 and some billion instead of 780 billion or so. Okay, fair enough.
2. Beck goes on to mock the President for mentioning examples of jobs saved by the stimulus. Beck clearly implies that the stimulus has helped, at most, a handful of people, but otherwise it's been pretty useless.
Beck's proof? A recent CBS poll showing that only 6% of Americans believe that the stimulus created any jobs. Beck goes on to compare this to the number of people who think Elvis is alive, or that we never really landed on the moon.
Now, note what Beck did. They took a survey showing that people didn't BELIEVE the stimulus created jobs, and used that as proof that the stimulus actually did NOT create any jobs. In fact, 6% of the American people may not believe the stimulus created any jobs because they're not away of the truth. It's possible. And in fact, if you look at the independent studies of the stimulus, done by folks like CBO – the folks Glenn Beck quotes a responsible source – you'll find that the stimulus has done wonders for employment over the past year. In fact:
Among people who know what they're talking about, the fact that the stimulus has been successful isn't even controversial anymore. The leading economic research firms — IHS Global Insight, Macroeconomic Advisers, and Moody's Economy.com — estimate that the effort has already created as many as 1.8 million jobs, and will create about 2.5 million jobs when all is said and done. As far as the independent Congressional Budget Office is concerned, those are conservative estimates — the CBO believes the stimulus is already responsible for as many as 2.4 million jobs.
Or just check out the Wall Street Journal, they reported on the CBO study too.
Watch the video. Beck is certainly a great entertainer. But he's also one hell of a liar. They clearly suggest that the fact that the American people don't realize the stimulus has worked means that is has NOT worked. And now we know, from the very people Glenn Beck cites as their money experts, that this is a flat out lie. The man just lies, so long as it permits them to take a cheap shot at Democrats. Do your own research on the topic. They lied.
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP4h5Xt9B-o]
Photo: Dan Kitwood/ Getty Images.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has denied claims that they filed a request for political asylum in France.
Assange's legal defence team have published a statement in response to the French President Francois Hollande who supposedly misinterpreted Assange's open letter as a request for asylum.
“Contrary to what has been assumed by various media as well as the [initial] statements of the French Presidency, Baltasar Garzon, director of Julian Assange's legal team, clarifies in the clearest terms that Julian Assange has not submitted an asylum request to the French Republic. Their letter was a response to the declarations of Christiane Taubira, Minister of Justice, and to an open letter from French civil society, signed by over forty major public figures, calling for them to be protected by France. My client has stated that, if the competent French authorities decided to give them protection, they would receive this offer positively. No part of the letter that was sent to the President of the Republic of France can be interpreted in any different way. The legal defense team of Mr. Assange questions the “exhaustive analysis that the French Presidency has made of the letter in less than an hour, and the reasons that brought them to pronounce themselves in such a hurry.”
Last week, French newspaper Le Monde published a letter written by Assange to French President Francois Hollande titled “Mr Hollande, Welcome me in France”.
“I am a journalist who has been pursued and threatened with death by the US authorities because of my professional activities,” Assange wrote, according to European news site, The Local.
“I have never been formally charged with an offence or a common crime, anywhere in the world, including Sweden and the UK.
“By welcoming me, it would be a humanitarian gesture by France.”
Assange added that “only France finds itself in a position to offer me the necessary protection against… the political persecutions I face”.
“France cannot act on their request,” President Francois Hollande's office said in a statement in a response to the letter.
“The situation of Mr Assange does not present an immediate danger. Furthermore, they are subject to a European arrest warrant.”
However, Garzon says Assange had only expressed their willingness “to be hosted in France if and only if an initiative was taken by the competent authorities”.
“Julian Assange has not made any request for asylum in France,” said Assange's legal defence team director Baltasar Garzon, in a statement on WikiLeaks Twitter feed.
The Australian activist and hacker who turned 44 on Friday has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden since 2012.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Soon after a fire caused multiple explosions at a warehouse storing dangerous chemicals in Tianjin, the Chinese government shut down 50 websites, including news sites, for “spreading rumors.” These included ones carrying inaccurate reports that over 1,000 people had died, which wouldn't have helped the rescue effort, but they were unlikely to hinder it either—the heavy-handed approach seemed typical of the government's response to disasters.
The government censorship machine has issued orders about what can be reported, banned journalists from posting on social media, and in some cases harassed foreign journalists reporting on the scene, as Reporters Without Borders notes. One activist was even detained for nine days for retweeting an inaccurate social media post about the explosions.
But alongside the media crackdown, a curious thing is happening—Chinese state media is calling for greater government transparency, and even launching serious investigations of its own into the companies involved in the disaster. The Chinese government's relationship with journalists should be more like the relationship Western governments have with reporters, some of the largest state media outlets now say.
The People's Daily, an official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party, has at least twice criticized the Tianjin municipal government for not being more open with journalists. The government needs to provide the public with an honest assessment of the potential damage caused by the blast, not play down health fears, death tolls, or bury news that made it look bad, the People's Daily wrote on Aug. 19. It also argued for more and better press releases and a more professional spokesperson to keep real information flowing.
The Global Times, a state-backed newspaper known for its knee-jerk nationalistic editorials, took the unusual step of criticizing the Tianjin municipal government for failing to issue statements, publishing information late, and sending low-ranking officials to press conferences. “Fighting against this calamity must have been the main task of the city that has exceeded all else since the explosions,” it wrote in an editorial. “Unfortunately, public opinion has not felt this.”
This should be pleasing to any proponent of free speech, but the motives behind such calls probably have little to do with the media believing the Chinese people have a right to know what's going on.
Instead, recent calls for openness appear to be aimed at preventing the kind of rumors the government so dislikes, before they appear. Taking a prevention-is-better-than-a-cure approach means that the government can avoid nasty rumors that make it look bad, and avoid becoming unpopular by shutting down websites after the fact, state media argues.
An open government is more about preserving the government than doing a service for the people, the Global Times explains: “A single slow reaction can lead to rumors running riot. And in turn, public confidence in the government will continue to fall.”
Carbon pollution from key sources in British Columbia will increase until 2030 and remain above current levels until at least 2050, confounding the province's efforts to be a leader in combatting climate change, a new study warns.
The study for the Pembina Institute and two other agencies released on Monday comes as premiers are gathering this week with the Prime Minister to discuss a pan-Canadian climate strategy.
The analysis of British Columbia's recently released Climate Leadership Plan says carbon pollution from natural gas, industry and utilities, transport and buildings will hit 66 megatonnes in 2050, far more than the province's legislated target of 12.6 megatonnes.
Story continues below advertisement
The assessment, conducted by energy and environment consultants at Navius Research, said growing carbon pollution from the liquefied natural gas sector – assuming it comes online – and upstream shale-gas operations will constitute the largest contributor to the size of the gap with carbon pollution from LNG and natural gas doubling by 2025.
"The province is increasingly trumpeting its climate leadership but we're not on track, and we're going in the wrong direction from a climate and carbon pollution perspective," Matt Horne, the B.C. associate director of the Pembina Institute, said in an interview.
"B.C. has to up its game. If the country is going to be successful, B.C. needs to do more to reduce carbon emissions."
The B.C. government acknowledged challenges ahead.
"We have always said our Climate Leadership Plan is not going to get us all the way to our 2050 target," the Environment Ministry said in a statement.
The ministry added that emissions will be reduced further than planned as new policies are announced.
As it stands, the ministry said, British Columbia's greenhouse gas emissions are among the lowest in Canada.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Navius Research conducted the study for the Pembina Institute as well as the Pacific Institute for Climate Solutions and Clean Energy Canada. In the report's conclusion, the authors acknowledge the emissions forecast could be lowed if they have overestimated the rate of growth of LNG and natural-gas production. "Although there is uncertainty in our assumptions, it is likely that B.C.'s [greenhouse gas] emissions will be above its legislated targets based on the climate policies modelled," they state.
For almost a decade, British Columbia has been seen by some as a climate leader for such measures as North America's first carbon tax as well as hard caps on industrial emissions. However, Premier Christy Clark's government has conceded it will miss its touted target for reducing emissions by 33 per cent below 2007 levels by the end of 2020.
The province has ruled out increasing its $30-a-tonne tax on carbon, which adds about seven cents a litre to the cost of gasoline, until other provinces match it – a decision that rejects a call by the province's government-appointed Climate Leadership Team to raise the tax by $10 annually.
British Columbia's stand comes in contrast to Alberta's climate-action plan, announced a year ago, which includes an economywide carbon tax, starting in 2017, that will cap emissions from the oil sands and phasing out coal-fired power by 2030. The plan is expected to reduce carbon emissions below current levels within 15 years.
Mr. Horne noted that the new research is focused on the situation in British Columbia, one of four provinces, along with Alberta, Ontario and Quebec, that have implemented or announced a carbon tax. Mr. Horne said British Columbia should not wait for a national consensus before coming up with its own plan.
"To me, there's an opportunity for provinces that want to lead to shape that national conversation and British Columbia should be doing more on that front," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
While they said they were expecting some clarity on how provinces will hold the line on climate change after the talks in Ottawa, Mr. Horne said they were skeptical about substantive B.C. action before the next provincial election in May, 2017.
PHILADELPHIA, PA - APRIL 27: Deshaun Watson of Clemson reacts after being picked #12 overall by the Houston Texans during the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft at the Philadelphia Museum of Art on April 27, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Elsa/Getty Images)
The Houston Texans took Deshaun Watson with the 12th pick in the NFL Draft after trading up from No. 25 with the Cleveland Browns. NFL Films expert Greg Cosell joined Mike Meltser and Seth Payne on Mad Radio on Friday to talk about the pick for the Texans.
Cosell loves the fit of Watson with Texans head coach Bill O'Brien.
“Bill O'Brien is a hard and demanding coach and not everybody can respond to Bill,” Cosell, who knows Watson, said. “Deshaun Watson can and I think that is really really important because Bill O'Brien coaches hard, they can be a little nasty, they can be tough and they demand so much.
“Deshaun Watson can handle that and he'll probably embrace that to a certain extent.”
RELATED: LISTEN TO FULL INTERVIEW WITH GREG COSELL
Cosell also thinks the Texans will fit around Watson well with what they already have.
“Deshaun is going to a really good spot,” Cosell told Mad Radio. “This is a team that wants to run the ball…we'll see what they do with the offensive line going forward. It has a really good defense. I don't want to sit here and say he's in an exact replica of the Dak Prescott situation, but he's closer to that than going to a team where you're expecting Deshaun Watson to be the guy that drives the offense.
“He may never be that guy. They may never be a true foundational building block quarterback. They may be best as an orchestrator and distributor and that's okay.”
Along with the fit of Watson and the Texans, Cosell broke down some of the things that Deshaun needs to work on and their strengths.
“I don't think anybody would sit here and say Deshaun Watson has a gun,” Cosell said about Watson's arm strength. “I think he's a very compact thrower. He's got comfortable mechanics. He's a very comfortable short and intermediate thrower. They can make those firm touch throws which are a very much a part of the NFL.
“I look at them as a rhythm quarterback. When they get into a rhythm they can be accurate and efficient. I think they showed some good pocket movement which is critical. I think one of the things with him, and I think Bill (O'Brien) will work on this a lot, is there will be a very fine line between playing from the pocket and leaving the pocket too soon.”
Currently, the Texans head coach and General Manager Rick Smith have said that Watson will not start the 2017 season as the starting quarterback. They said after the pick that Tom Savage is still the team's starter.
MHRA investigation results in guilty pleas for supplying unlicensed, and potentially dangerous, medicinal products.
Gediminas and Vytautas Staskevicius appeared in the Oxford Crown Court charged with offences under trademark, Misuse of Drugs and medicines regulatory legislation. The two men were set to go on trial for charges relating to offences in between May and July 2015. But, before the trial could begin, the two men pleaded guilty to all charges.
Gediminas has been sentenced to 16 months imprisonment, suspended for 2 years. Gediminas must also complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £1,500 in costs. Vytautas has been sentenced to 8 months imprisonment, suspended for 2 years. Vytautas is also subject to a curfew between the hours of 9pm and 7am, lasting for two months.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) began investigating Gediminas Staskevicius in May 2015. We received information that suspected illegal medicines were delivered to Gediminas' address. In addition, an unknown person used a post office near Gediminas' home to post counterfeit medicines to various international destinations.
In July 2015, enforcement officers from the MHRA entered the men's residence, and storage units hired in their names. The officers found almost 470,000 tablets of unlicensed erectile dysfunction medication, counterfeit medicines and the class C controlled drug Tramadol. The officers also found over £6000 in cash and electronic records of medicines trading including customer details.
Selling medicines which are unlicensed, controlled or counterfeit is not only illegal but also poses a serious health risk to the public. The medicines sold illegally by these men are potent and can cause serious side effects.
We are currently running our #FakeMeds campaign to raise awareness of the risks of buying fake medical products online, and to encourage people to buy medicines and medical devices safely.
Alastair Jeffery, Head of Enforcement for MHRA, said:
Fake and unlicensed medicines pose a serious health threat. There is no way of knowing whether they are acceptably safe. There are also no guarantees as to what unlicensed medicines contain; there may be impurities or incorrect ingredients which affect their safety and performance. We will continue to target criminals supplying illegal medical products and raise awareness of the harm fake medicines cause. You can avoid risking your health, and wasting money, by buying licensed medicines from legitimate high street or online retailers.
Background
Inside Building 32 at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas sits Chamber A, a marvel of engineering, cleanliness, and design. It's also the closest you can come to being in space without strapping into a rocket.
Originally built in the early 1960s for the Apollo program, the chamber is one of the world's largest thermal vacuums, used to simulate the temperatures and pressure of space. It looks like a gigantic porthole to another dimension; we got to stand on the threshold, and then step inside.
Advertisement
Gizmodo's Space Camp is all about the under-explored side of NASA, from robotics to medicine to deep-space telescopes to art. All this week we'll be coming at you direct from NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, shedding a light on this amazing world. You can follow the whole series here.
The Chamber
Let's start with some basics, like, what's a thermal vacuum? It means that virtually all of the air can be pumped out of Chamber A, and from there the room can be heated or cooled depending on what kind of simulation is required. Occasionally NASA does “bake outs,” bringing the temperature up past 200 degrees Fahrenheit, but more often than not they're simulating the frigid cold of the universe.
Advertisement
To achieve that, the engineers use the chamber's “cold walls.” These black walls have nitrogen and helium flowing within them, which can make things very cold indeed. 90 Kelvin—a.k.a. negative 298 Fahrenheit—is a typical testing temperature, but coldest the chamber can go is 11 degrees K (-440 F), all of which is hard to wrap your mind around. To put that in perspective, liquid nitrogen—one of the coldest substances most of us are familiar with—freezes and becomes a solid at 63 degrees K (-346 degrees F). So Chamber A can go almost 100 degrees Fahrenheit colder than that. Yes, it's still really hard to imagine.
At the time of our visit, NASA was testing the James Webb Space Telescope, for which they took the temperature down to a balmy 20 Kelvin (-424 Fahrenheit). For those of you not familiar, the JWST is a large telescope that will be launched into space, where it can view the universe unobstructed by the Earth's atmosphere. It's like the Hubble, except its light-gathering mirror is a full three times larger than Hubble's, and instead of being limited to viewing visible light, the JWST can gander at the infrared spectrum. This will not only give us insight into the possible origins of the universe, but give us a better chance to discovering nearby exoplanets. It's going to be amazing.
Advertisement
The physical structure of Chamber A is no less impressive. It's 120 feet from the very bottom to the top, much of it stuffed with the various components that make the chamber work. In terms of usable space for testing, from floor to ceiling the interior working height is 60 feet, and the interior working diameter is 55 feet. Basically six stories high and five and a half stories wide. That is one bigass chamber.
The door that seals it sounds like something out of an ancient Greek legend; it's 40 feet in diameter and it weighs a staggering 40 tons, yet it's hydraulically operated and perfectly balanced. Working together two people can move it by hand.
Advertisement
The Cleanroom
While the chamber itself is 50 years old, the cleanroom that attaches to it is brand-spanking new, and it's impressive in its own right. It was built just this year for the specific requirements of the James Webb Telescope and is meant to provide “continuity of cleanliness” in the environment from the moment the telescope arrives at the Johnson Space Center through its entry into Chamber A.
Advertisement
In fact materials have to be brought to a certain cleanliness level before they can even be brought into the cleanroom. This is to ensure that the cleanroom stays, well, clean. Then, once inside, the items being tested undergo a final, precision cleaning before moving into the chamber. The standard of cleanliness for both the cleanroom and the chamber is known as ISO (International Standards Organization) Class 7, and that particle cleanliness level has to be maintained throughout operations. ISO classifications are rated according to how much particulate of specific sizes exist per cubic meter. For example, a Class 7 cleanroom can only have 2,930 five-micron particles per cubic meter.
An elaborate air filtration system helps ensure this absurd level of cleanliness by eliminateingvirtually all contaminants. Air is initially pumped in from the outside, and it passes through a series of very fine filters before it's pumped up to the top of the room. Once up there it passes through final, ultra-fine HEPA filters located in the ceiling just above the cleanroom, and then the clean air is allowed to drift downward. After it passes through, the air is pumped out through ducts toward the bottom of the room, at which point it goes through the whole filtering process again.
Advertisement
Some of the equipment that gets tested inside Chamber A is too large to fit through the main building's doors or down its long hallways. The solution? The roof in the equipment room across the hall is removable. Large items (like the Webb Telescope) are lowered into the building by crane. Once it's been cleaned to spec, it's placed onto two large rails inside the cleanroom so it can be glided directly into Chamber A. After it's inside the chamber, the rails in the cleanroom are moved off to the side so that the door can close. It's quite a process.
The reason the James Webb Telescope requires these elaborate measures is that it uses a series of incredibly sensitive optical mirrors for imaging. Those mirrors will be collecting the faintest light from various distant galaxies. “If the mirrors are contaminated with particles or other materials, then the efficiency of light collection decreases,” Rajiv Kohli, NASA's Contamination Control Lead for Chamber A told us. “So you have to maintain as clean an environment as possible on the surface of the mirrors.” If you don't have a cleanroom and a clean chamber then those mirrors will get covered with particles and debris during testing, and that could mean the difference between discovering a nearby habitable planet and missing it entirely.
Advertisement
Belly of the Beast
Before I was allowed to enter the cleanroom, I had to buff my shoes as best as I could with a machine and then walk across some large sticky pads. My camera, tripod, and microphones had to be thoroughly wiped down and blasted with air, and then placed into a small airlock. I had to put on a “bunny suit” and a hospital mask so that essentially only my eyes were exposed. Last but not least, I stepped into a small, closet-sized room, where more than sixty separate jets blasted me with air from all directions. I've probably never been so particle-free in my entire life.
Advertisement
Once I was inside and approached the entrance to the chamber, I felt very much like we weren't in Kansas anymore. The sheer size of the door is so far beyond human-scale that invokes equal feelings of awe and dread. It feels like you're standing at the threshold to a world of giants, and at any moment they might come home.
NASA allowed me to enter the chamber itself. I can't describe how incredibly puny I felt. It didn't help that the perfectly round doorway is generously polished, which, combined with the soft covers enveloping my shoes nearly caused me to face-plant as I was climbing in. Once inside I felt like I was in a high-budget sci-fi movie. I remembered hearing stories about Jim LeBlanc, a NASA JSC technician during the Apollo years, whose suit became depressurized while vacuum testing. They blacked out within roughly 14 seconds, but before they did, they remembered that they could feel the saliva in their mouth boiling on their tongue. Can you imagine? I tried not to.
Advertisement
The James Webb Space Telescope will soon be undergoing its deep-space simulation in Chamber A. When we put so many of our hopes and dreams (and money) into a single piece of equipment, it's comforting to know that it's been tested, and that it can withstand the rigors of space. We'll never be able to fully relax until it's up there and operating smoothly, but it will help us breathe a little easier as we prepare to make it fly. [NASA JSC: Chamber A]
Gizmodo's Space Camp is all about the under-explored side of NASA. From robotics to medicine to deep-space telescopes to art. All this week we'll be coming at you direct from NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, shedding a light on this amazing world. You can follow the whole series here.
Video shot by Brent Rose, edited by Nick Stango.
Special thanks to everybody at NASA JSC for making this happen. The list of thank yous would take up pages, but for giving us access, and for being so generous with their time, we are extremely grateful to everyone there.
Advertisement
Space Camp® is a registered trademark/service of the U.S. Space & Rocket Center. This article and subsequent postings have not been written or endorsed by the U.S. Space & Rocket Center or Space Camp®. To visit the official space camp website, click here.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Better warn the bellhop you're packing heavy if you pull up with this green Range Rover. It's fully loaded, literally, with storage for two handcrafted English shotguns in the boot.
After a year on the Continent hunting driven birds and the like, the Range Rover Holland & Holland Edition is making its way to America for the cool price of $245,495. In partnership with the esteemed British gunmaker, Jaguar Land Rover's Special Vehicle Operations is only building up to 120 of them, and we're getting 30.
Rangies aren't newcomers to the ultra-luxury SUV set, and neither are their extraordinarily wealthy customers. This one builds upon the $36,800 Autobiography package available on more ordinary Range Rovers, and it tops the $200,490 SVAutobiography unveiled last March.
The guns are not included, by the way. You'll need to procure a pair at the Holland & Holland store (in Manhattan, of all places), essentially a Brooks Brothers with a lot of ammo. The removable, lockable leather gun case fits nicely below the Neiman Marcus and Bloomingdale's bags that will fill the cargo area during the pheasant hunting off-season.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's all English cowboy inside, with buttery-smooth tan leather, thick wood veneer cut from a single piece of walnut, metal door-handle pulls engraved with the Holland & Holland stock plating, and hardly a piece of plastic in sight. There's a 29-speaker Meridian stereo with enough wattage to rattle your eyeballs from their sockets. As for pistols, those can be placed inside the rear cabin's copious wood-paneled storage bins. This most extravagant Range Rover arrives here this spring; the grouse are already nervous.
Let Us Pray for your Family and Friends this December
Offer special blessings for family and friends at KTD's Amitabha Ceremony
Each December, KTD concludes the year with its annual Amitabha Retreat. Dharma practitioners come from near and far to chant the Amitabha Sadhana with Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche and the KTD lamas, and to pray especially for their loved ones.
Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche, abbot of KTD Monastery, will conduct a special Amitabha Purification Ritual from 2 to 5 p.m. on Thursday December 31, 2015, in the Main Shrine Room at KTD. All are welcome to attend.
During this ceremony (called the Amitabha Jangchok, or “purification ritual”), special purifications, blessings, and empowerment are offered to our loved ones (both living and deceased) who are represented in the ceremony by names inscribed on special mantra-marked papers.
At the conclusion of the ceremony, the obstacles and obscurations of the living and deceased are ritually burned away by offering the names to a fire burning outside the shrine building.
We invite all of our friends to send us the names of their loved ones for this special ritual.
We also invite donations for the ceremony, which will be used to fund ritual materials used as well as provide support for the monastery, home for the Karma Kagyu dharma of Their Holiness the Gyalwang Karmapa in America.
IF YOU WISH TO MAKE A DONATION:
Please click this link, which will take you to the KTD Website's “Giving Opportunities” portal.
Click “Continue Without Login.”
This will take you to the main Giving Opportunities Page.
After typing in the amount of your donation, in the “Comments” section, please type in the words “December 31 Purification Ritual,” followed by the names of those you wish placed on the list.
Please divide the names into two lists, as in the example below:
LIVING: Mary and Todd Smith, Jiang Chang, etc.
DECEASED: Emily Zhu, David Jones, etc.
IF YOU WISH TO SUBMIT NAMES ONLY WITHOUT MAKING A DONATION:
Please send the names via email to the KTD Front Office at office@kagyu.org.
Please put “December 31 Purification Ritual” and the words “Names of LIVING” or “Names of DECEASED” in the subject line.
In this way, you divide the names into two groups, each one (for living and deceased) in its own email.
DEADLINE for submitting names and donations:
5 pm Eastern Standard Time on Monday, December 28, 2015.
THE ANNUAL AMITABHA RETREAT BEGINS DECEMBER 27:
The annual Amitabha Retreat begins December 27 and concludes December 31, 2015. All are welcome to attend.
Even if you cannot attend, you can participate from a distance by reciting the Amitabha mantra OM AMI DEWA HRI, dedicating your recitations for the benefit of beings and peace in the world.
Thank you for your interest in this ceremony, and for your continuing support for Their Holiness Karmapa, Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche, and Karma Triyana Dharmachakra.
May all beings benefit from your practice of the dharma, and may all beings be free from suffering and come to happiness in the New Year.
Advertisements
The San Antonio Spurs, as part of their ongoing roster restructuring, have acquired Sacramento Kings point guard Ray McCallum.
Editor's Picks Pelton: Trade Grades: Spurs find PG depth The Kings were likely going to waive Ray McCallum, so getting a pick in exchange for them is a good return for Sacramento.
The Spurs swapped a future second-round pick for McCallum, whom San Antonio pegs as a replacement for the outgoing Cory Joseph.
The teams announced the deal Thursday.
McCallum joins a roster that includes point guards Tony Parker and Patty Mills.
The Spurs had to renounce the rights to Joseph as part of their push to create the needed salary-cap space to sign LaMarcus Aldridge away from the Portland Trail Blazers.
Joseph came to terms on a new deal earlier this week with the Toronto Raptors.
Sacramento selected McCallum in the second round and 36th overall in 2013. They averaged 6.9 points, 2.7 assists and 20.7 minutes per game the past two seasons.
They started 30 of the 68 games they played last season. McCallum became the starter after Darren Collison suffered a season-ending core muscle injury and Ramon Sessions was traded to Washington.
It was clear McCallum's time in California's capital city could be ending after the Kings reached agreement on a one-year, $10 million deal with Rajon Rondo last week. Rondo and Collison are expected to split time in the backcourt.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Anjali Damania said the caller asked them to take back cases against Eknath Khadse.
I appeal to PM @narendramodi@PMOIndia & @rajnathsingh to give me time to urgently see them.Threat call? to a citizen? I want my Govt to act - Mrs Anjali Damania (@anjali_damania) September 23, 2017
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Anjali Damania has alleged that they received threat calls asking them to drop the cases that they had filed against senior Maharashtra BJP leader and former minister Eknath Khadse.The calls allegedly were made from a Pakistan number which showed up 'Dawood 2' when searched on TrueCaller, a caller ID and phone number database that can be freely accessed, they said.The caller (a male voice) asked them to take back all cases against Mr Khadse otherwise they would make their "life miserable". Ms Damania has recorded the threat call and they submitted a clip of the recording to the police.The voice said that they know they have family and said that their actions were making things difficult for many people.Addressing a press conference in Mumbai, Ms Damania said, "I got a phone call. The first thing said in the phone call was 'Is this Anjali?' Hearing that language itself was a shock for me. 'Whatever cases you have filed against Khadse, take them back. Failing to do the same, your life would be hell. You even have a family. You have created a nuisance in everyone's life.'""After the call was disconnected, along with my husband, I ran a Google search and found that '+92' is the Pakistani country code and the later digit 21 is a Karachi's country code but I don't have any idea if the call was routed, cloned, or anything else," they added.Ms Damania spoke to the Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis about the call. A case has been registered by the police based on their complaint and the investigation has started.Anjali Damania has also tweeted to Union Home Minister and the Prime Minister to take cognizance of the threats. They have sought time from the two leaders to meet them.Eknath Khadse, a former minister and senior BJP leader, resigned from the Maharashtra cabinet after allegations of misuse of office to facilitate a land deal made by their family. Ms Damania, along with others, had filed public interest litigation (PIL) alleging that Mr Khadse has amassed disproportionate assets. Earlier, the Mumbai Police cyber cell had arrested hacker and Jalgaon resident Manish Bhangale, who had alleged last year that Ekanath Khadse had been speaking to underworld don Dawood Ibrahim. Mr Bhangale, according to the police, had created a fake mobile bill on a computer to show call records between Mr Khadse and underworld Dawood Ibrahim's residence in Pakistan.
US releases secret footage of atom bomb tests
Updated
After collecting dust in high-security vaults for more than 65 years, hundreds of reels of film showing Cold War nuclear bomb tests have been declassified by the United States.
From 1945 to 1962, the United States detonated more than 210 nuclear bombs, with multiple cameras capturing each explosion at around 2,400 frames per second.
For decades, about 10,000 of these films have been locked away, sitting idle, scattered across the US in high-security vaults. Until now.
A team from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has worked for the last five years on finding, declassifying and preserving the films' content before it was lost forever.
Greg Spriggs, a weapon physicist at LLNL and head of the project said when they got their hands on the film they could smell it wasting away.
It is made of nitrate cellulose, an organic material that, when decomposes, smells like vinegar.
"You can smell vinegar when you open the cans," Mr Spriggs said in a YouTube video.
"They're made out of organic material, and organic material decomposes. So this is it. We got to this project just in time to save the data."
According to the LLNL, the goal of the recovery was to provide better data to the post-testing-era scientists who use computer codes to help certify that the ageing US nuclear deterrent remains safe, secure and effective.
Mr Spriggs does not want nuclear weapons to be used and believes the key to ensuring that is to make sure the films act as an effective deterrent.
"It's just unbelievable how much energy's released," they said.
"We hope that we would never have to use a nuclear weapon ever again.
"I think that if we capture the history of this and show what the force of these weapons are and how much devastation they can wreak, then maybe people will be reluctant to use them."
They estimate it will take another two years to scan the rest of the films, and longer to complete the analysis and declassification.
To date, the team has located around 6,500 of the estimated 10,000 films created during atmospheric testing.
Around 4,200 films have been scanned, 400 to 500 have been reanalysed and around 750 have been declassified.
Even more exciting, the public can now watch some of these declassified films on the LLNL's YouTube playlist.
Topics: community-and-society, history, 20th-century, unrest-conflict-and-war, united-states
First posted
France's Prime Minister has promised to reduce the tax burden by around 7 billion euros ($7.98 billion) from next year by reigning in public spending.
Edouard Philippe said at the weekend the government would focus on reducing the budget deficit below the EU-agreed cap of 3 percent of economic output this year.
"We are going to do it without increasing taxes in 2017," Philippe claimed, speaking to a convention of the delegates from France's Le Republique en Marche (LREM) government.
Commentators had worried that the government's commitment to meeting Brussels requirements would mean it fails to fulfill President Emmanuel Macron's campaign pledge to cut taxes and boost business.
However, Philippe insisted that the government could do both simultaneously by cutting public spending.
"Taxes will fall starting from 2018 by about seven billion euros by reining in spending and implementing the president's commitments coherently and over time starting with the 2018 budget bill," Philippe said.
The promise comes a week after Philippe outlined their government's reform agenda to the French National Assembly. They announced that corporation tax would be cut from 33.3 percent to 25 percent by 2022 but admitted a one-year delay to wealth and capital income tax proposals.
French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire reiterated Philippe's claims on Sunday, though they did not give a definitive time-frame.
"No definitive decision has been taken on the time-frame for now," Le Maire told reporters at a conference in Aix-en-Provence.
"I think we can perfectly reduce public spending very significantly to meet our European commitments and at the same time cut taxes for French households and French companies," they added.
The loose timeframe was greeted with optimism by businesses in Aix-en-Provence, according to Reuters reports. Total's chief executive Patrick Pouyanne said it was too early to judge the 60-day-old presidency.
"Let's not start criticizing," said Pouyanne. "Let's give them a bit of time. If there were a magic potion, it would have been used a long time ago."
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
A palace economy or redistribution economy[1] is a system of economic organization in which a substantial share of the wealth flows into the control of a centralized administration, the palace, and out from there to the general population, which may be allowed its own sources of income but relies heavily on the wealth redistributed by the palace. It was traditionally justified on the principle that the palace was most capable of distributing wealth efficiently for the benefit of society.[2][3]
The concept of a redistribution system is at least as old as the advent of the pharaohs. Much later, the New Testament describes a population of early Christian communities giving all they had to the patriarch, who would return what they needed to live;[citation needed] as there is no palace as such, this was similar to the equally ancient concept of a gift economy. Anthropologists have noted many such systems, from those of tribesmen engaged in common subsistence economies of various sorts to complex civilizations, such as that of the Inca Empire, which assigned segments of the economy to specific villages. The essence of the idea is that a central administration plans production, assigns elements of the population to carry it out, collects the goods and services thus created, and redistributes them to the producers.
A palace economy is a specific type of redistribution system in which the economic activities of the civilization are conducted on or near the premises of central administration complexes, the palaces of absolute monarchs. It is the function of the palace administration to supply the producers with the capital goods for the production of further goods and services, which are regarded as the property of the monarch. Typically this is not an altruistic undertaking. The palace is primarily interested in the creation of capital, which may then be disposed of as the king pleases. Some may become merchandising capital, to be sold or bartered for a profit, or some may be reinvested in further centers, including additional production facilities, wars (economic activities from which a profit is expected to be extracted), favorable alliances, fleets, and mastery of the seas.
In ancient palace systems, the producers were typically part of the working capital. From highest to lowest, they were bound to the palace economy by indissoluble bonds of involuntary servitude or patronage. Any investment in a war would be expected to bring a return of plunder and prisoners, which became part of the endowment of the palace complex. The palace was responsible for meeting the expenses of the producers. It had to provide food, clothing and shelter, which it often did on the premises, as in the case of female cloth manufacturers.
Origin of the term [ edit ]
Palace of Nestor (Pylos). 1–Entrance. 2–Court. 3–Anchamber. 4–Megaron (main hall). 5–Storerooms with olive oil. 6–Storerooms with wine. 7–Archives. 8–Propylon. 9–Bath. 10–Small megaron.
Storage room, Palace of Knossos.
Palace at Alalakh
The thread leading to the current use of the terms came from the study of the palaces of the Minoan and Mycenaean civilizations, which flourished in the Late Bronze Age in the Aegean region. The term palace economy began as a label for the economic activities of individual palaces. For example, Sir Arthur Evans would refer to the palace economy, meaning the economy of the palace of Knossos. Others followed suit, not yet grasping the abstract notion of what sort of economy that was.
In 1956 Ventris and Chadwick committed to publication an idea that they had been considering previously:[4]
Nor is there any evidence in the tablets of anything approaching currency. Every commodity is listed separately, and there is never any sign of equivalence between one unit and another.
Contemporaneously M. Finley had noticed the evidence of redistribution in the tablets and was struggling to understand how that could occur in those pre-currency times. In The World of Odysseus they noted that most distribution was internal:[5]
All the production work, the seeding and harvesting and milling and weaving, even the hunting and raiding, though carried on by individuals, was performed on behalf of the household as a whole ... and from the centre they were redistributed ....
Finley further hypothesized that gift-giving, "the basic organizing mechanism among many primitive peoples,"[6] had been developed into a system of exchange, without prices, and dependent on the ad hoc valuation of the exchangers:
The act of giving was ... always the first half of a reciprocal action, the other half of which was a counter-gift.
Finley's observations were immediately and almost universally accepted; however, some reservations developed over the decades since then. Mycenaean ships were sent out from the palace complexes laden with ceramics, oils, perfumes and other goods precisely as though they were exports for sale, rather than gift-giving.
Ventris died in 1956. Like the other archaeologists of the time, they never envisioned the palace economy as anything more than the day-to-day economics of the palace, although Ventris and Chadwick did remark on the "similarities in the size and organization of the royal palaces" of Nuzi, Alalakh and Ugarit.[7] Similarly, Finley in the late 1950s did not refer to their system as a palace economy. The status of the word had changed by 1960, when historical theorists had put the two together.[8]
Exactly who was the first is unclear, but the best candidate is Karl Polanyi, the economic typologist, then toward the end of their life and at the peak of their career. They endorsed Finley's work and went further. In the 1960 compendium, City Invincible,[9] written before 1958, they recalled Ventris stating that currency was absent from the tablets, but they phrased it in a different way: "Michael Ventris ... has asserted the absence of money in the palace economy of Mycenaean Greece." Ventris had done no such thing. They never stated that Mycenaean Greece had a palace economy; between 1956 and 1958 a new system had been defined and was being called a palace economy. Most of the theorists followed suit. Grahame Clark (1961) wrote of a "palace economy introduced from Crete ...."[10] Chester Starr (1961) said[11] "Artisans and peasants were largeley embraced in a palace economy under royal control, ...." Leonard R. Palmer (1963)[12] referred to the "highly centralized 'palace economy'" of Knossos and Pylos. The word was never just the economic activities at a single site again.
By the time 1965 had arrived, the palace economy was being applied widely over all the Aegean and Near and Middle Eastern civilizations of the Late Bronze Age. It became such a fixture that subsequently it was applied to modern economic system types. There was, however, a notable abstention. Chadwick, who inherited the work and tradition of Ventris, in The Mycenaean World (1976), notably does not refer to a palace economy. Instead they imply questions, such as[13]
... it is not so clear how small a palace can be ... What we can infer from the palace buildings is that there are administrative centres ... each centre of administration implies an administrator, whether they be an independent monarch, a semi-autonomous prince, or a local baron ....
This implying that the palace economy model might be simplistic foreshadowed the current trend. Halstead summarizes a forum begun by Nakassis and others as[14]
The term 'redistribution' has been used with a range of meanings in the context of the Aegean Bronze Age and so obscures rather than illuminates the emergence and functioning of political economies.
Mediterranean and Middle Eastern Bronze Age [ edit ]
Cretan civilization [ edit ]
Minoan Crete [ edit ]
As early as the Middle Bronze Age, roughly the first half of the 2nd millennium BC, the eastern Mediterranean was dominated by a civilization named Minoan by its discoverer, Sir Arthur Evans, excavating the Palace of Knossos, which they termed the Palace of Minos. The civilization was maritime, its fleets were legendary, its settlements were mainly coastal, and its operations were mainly peaceful. There are legends, such as that of Theseus and the Minotaur, which indicate that tribute of some sort was collected by Crete from overseas locations, but its legendary history is far different from the wars and warriors of the mainland.
The evolution of palatial structures, if that is what they were, began on Crete in the Middle Minoan (MM) period of the Middle Bronze Age. The beginning of what Shaw calls "the big three" – Knossos, Phaestos, Malia – is dated to MMI, but others began in MMII. The relationships between all the foundings remain unknown, but a single foundation act is now to be ruled out.[15]
The type of economic system prevailing on Crete and presumably wherever Cretan influence reached is very well documented by hundreds of tablets found at multiple locations in Crete. Only the persistent resistance of the writing script, Linear A, to decipherment prevents these documents from being read, and the information they contain assimilated. Consequently, nothing is known about the economy beyond what can be deduced from the archaeology or inferred by drawing risky parallels to the information presented in Late Bronze Age documents, which can be read. That the Minoans, as Evans called them in the absence of knowledge of their real name or names, may have had a palace economy is pure speculation.
Mycenaean Crete [ edit ]
An example is the Minoan civilization which depended economically on the cultivation of wheat, olives, grapes and other products. The Minoan economy also supported several industries such as the textile, pottery and metalwork industries. Some of the manufacturing industries were based in the palaces. Produce from surrounding farmland was collected, recorded, and stored in the palaces as seen from the large number of storerooms and pithoi (storage jars) recovered. The palaces appear to have had an extent of control over overseas trade. The discovery of Linear A and Linear B tablets, listing commodities in the archive areas of the Palace of Knossos, suggests a highly organised bureaucracy and a system of record keeping that controlled all incoming and outgoing products.
Other locations [ edit ]
The palace economies in Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Anatolia, and the Levant were waning in the late Bronze Age, being replaced by primitive market economies led by private merchants or officials who owned private businesses on the side.[citation needed] The last holdout and epitome of the palace system was Mycenaean Greece which was completely destroyed during the Bronze Age collapse and the following Greek Dark Ages.
Asia [ edit ]
The mandala model for describing the patterns of diffuse political power in early Southeast Asian history, originated by O. W. Wolters 1982, does not address economic issues. Following British agent John Crawfurd's Siam mission in 1822, their journal describes a "palace economy" that they attribute to rapacity. Their mission was delayed at the port of Pak Nam until they had given a satisfactory account of gifts to the palace, ending with interrogation into minute details with regards to a gift horse, which Crawfurd considered "but a good specimen of the indelicacy and rapacity which we afterwards found so characteristic of the Siamese Court and its officers, upon every question of a similar nature".[16] This situation began the change to a market economy with the Bowring Treaty, negotiated by free-trade advocate Sir John Bowring with Siam's modernizing King Mongkut, signed on April 18, 1855.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leading Republican lawmakers, moving to repair frayed relationships with Hispanic voters, on Tuesday put their weight behind comprehensive immigration reform efforts that will likely include a pathway to citizenship for undocumented foreigners.
Speaker of the House John Boehner speaks about the sequester following a meeting with President Barack Obama and congressional leaders at the White House in Washington March 1, 2013. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Speaker John Boehner praised a bipartisan plan emerging in the House of Representatives that includes an arduous pathway to citizenship for 11 million people living in the United States illegally.
While they did not specifically endorse allowing the 11 million to become American citizens, Boehner told reporters that the House effort “is frankly a pretty responsible solution.”
Boehner spokesperson Michael Steel said that the Speaker “has not embraced any one solution, but believes it is important for our members to continue to work and make progress on this issue.”
Immigration advocacy groups are hoping to see a reform bill enacted this year, before the 2014 campaigns for Congress heat up, potentially polarizing Democrats and Republicans.
With a wave of support building on immigration reform, “it is becoming increasingly difficult for the naysayers in the Republican Party to gain any traction” in the immigration debate, said Angela Kelley, an immigration specialist with the liberal Center for American Progress
Meanwhile, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell had kind words for a bipartisan bill that is expected to be unveiled in coming weeks, which also will contain a pathway to citizenship.
“I think we're all encouraged by the work of the group of eight senators,” said the Kentucky Republican.
In addition, one of the most conservative members of the Senate - a Tea Party activist Rand Paul of Kentucky - delivered a speech to a Hispanic business group Tuesday in which they ridiculed the notion of deporting the 11 million people, many of whom have lived for decades in the United States and are raising families here.
Instead, in a speech peppered with Spanish that they read off a Teleprompter, Paul said they would offer legislation that would set up a “probation period” for those living here illegally.
A major immigration reform bill could hit the Senate floor in June or July under a schedule sketched out by a bipartisan group now writing legislation. Paul likely would try to amend that bill with some of their own ideas.
“Somewhere along the line, Republicans have failed to understand and articulate that immigrants are an asset to America, not a liability,” said Paul, who has hinted at a possible 2016 run for president.
In November's presidential election, Republican candidate Mitt Romney received an anemic 27 percent of the Hispanic vote, provoking soul searching among party leaders.
While Republicans desperately want to be able to lure support from the fast-growing Hispanic voting bloc, they have been struggling how to frame their law-and-order message that is challenged by the idea of granting citizenship to those who have come to the United States illegally.
Speaking to reporters following their speech, Paul was pressed on whether their probation period would lead to citizenship. They did not specifically say that it would but essentially described a process under which illegal immigrants eventually would become Americans.
Paul said their goal was to “normalize” this large group of people in stages by granting them work visas once annual reviews of U.S. border security were approved by Congress.
After that, Paul said, undocumented immigrants would “get in the line to come in the country which is how you become a citizen ... like anybody else. But you wouldn't go to the front of that line and you wouldn't have to leave the country” while awaiting citizenship, they said.
Nervous that their comments were being misconstrued, Paul's office arranged a telephone press conference later on Tuesday to clarify their position on granting illegal immigrants citizenship. But they did not step back from the stance they outlined earlier in the day.
NOT SO FAST
Even with President Barack Obama putting immigration reform at the top of their 2013 agenda, any bill faces a difficult road this year and a group of Senate Republicans served warning that legislation should not move too fast.
The six senators, most of them veterans and including John Cornyn, the second-ranking Senate Republican, wrote in a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy: “We respectfully request that the public be given adequate time ... to read and analyze the contents of any such bill” before it moves through the panel, possibly next month.
The senators reminded Leahy that there were years of debate before passage of the last major immigration reform in 1986.
One of the senators, Jeff Sessions of Alabama, told reporters that Congress should act to treat the 11 million undocumented “fairly and decently.”
But they repeated their strong opposition to citizenship. “You might get legalized, your children might be citizens ... but you don't get every benefit if you come to the country illegally. We must adhere to that principle,” Sessions said.
Paul, who arrived in the Senate in 2011, already is winning a reputation as an important player in the 100-member chamber. Earlier this month they staged a filibuster in the Senate - essentially a talk-a-thon - to spotlight the Obama administration's growing use of drones in anti-terrorism efforts.
Asked whether they would try to stand in the way of an immigration reform bill if their ideas were not incorporated, Paul was non-committal.
UPDATE: I have a couple of timely images from a shocking post at WUWT which relate to my comments below.
I have seen this highlighted at other blogs but I don't think I've seen its subject matter discussed outside of the obvious ‘everyone has the same opinion at the UEA' quote.
date: Mon Aug 23 15:52:14 2004
from: Phil Jones <p.jones@uea.ac.uk>
subject: Re: Tonight with Trevor Macdonald
to: “Murphy Melissa (COMM) k816” Melissa,
There shouldn't be someone else at UEA with different views – at least not a climatologist. It would also look odd if the two people interviewed with opposite views were from UEA. Maybe you should reply and say we can't find one, saying that most climate experts would take the same view as Dave. The programme could easily dredge someone up, but they wouldn't be an expert on the climate. This is the whole point of the debate recently. The people the media find to put the contrary view are not climate experts.
Phil
At 14:54 23/08/2004, you wrote: Hello All,
Next Monday night the “Tonight with Trevor Macdonald” show will be about climate change. Dr David Viner is going to be featured on the show, presenting their view that recent extreme weather is due to global warming. I have received a call from David Reddings who is part of the show's team, asking if we have a climate expert who has a different view to Dr Viner – perhaps believing that recent weather has not been caused by global warming but is merely part of the ‘natural variability' of the weather. Do we have someone at UEA? Regards,
Melissa.
Melissa Murphy
Communications Assistant
Press & PR Office
Communications Division
University of East Anglia
Norwich, NR4 7TJ
Prof. Phil Jones
Climatic Research Unit
School of Environmental Sciences
University of East Anglia
Norwich
—————————————————————————-
Extreme weather is one of the biggest BS claims of climate science. There have been no detected extreme weather changes since AGW began that I'm aware of. What's more is that there is no connection yet to the tenths of a degree of warming we've measured. It is fantastically insane to imagine that a few tenths of a degree are going to create a noticeable difference in weather. We can barely detect the temp change. The whole concept is so asinine by itself that I can't even imagine listening to it. Why then do scientists people keep trying to say it?
Money. They need damage for their AGW political and economic goals to be funded well. It doesn't matter one bit that the data don't show any differences and no physical attribution has been proven, they need it so they say it. If there were 4C of sudden warming, maybe we find some change but we've seen 0.8C so how the hell will that be noticeable in the hurricane or tornado patterns. Hell, until satellites were used, we couldn't even detect all the hurricanes. We still don't pick up all the tornadoes.
Crazy people with an agenda.
These aren't my views only, many scientists have made these points in various fashion. It is absolutely false that you can't find a climate expert to make the statement that extreme hurricanes, droughts, rain, tornadoes haven't been detected. We all have read them including Jones.  They are simply presenting their fantasy to the media for some unstated purpose.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 11, 2014, 9:40 PM GMT
The protests over the lack of indictments in the Eric Garner and Michael Brown cases have expanded to Congress. Congressional staffers walked out of their jobs Thursday afternoon in a symbol of solidarity with protests taking place in the streets, on the basketball court and on football fields across the country.
The walk out was led by Senate chaplain Barry Black. Staffers stood on the steps of the Capitol holding their hands up.
Meanwhile inside the Capitol, the House of Representatives was struggling to come up with the votes to pass a government funding bill that would keep the government open past midnight.
“Democrats and Republicans across the country are incredibly frustrated by what happened in Ferguson, Staten Island, and elsewhere, and this protest reflects the mistrust they have in the integrity of the criminal justice system,” Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Maryland, said in a statement. “These congressional staffers put in incredibly long hours, nights, and weekends working to pass legislation to help people live better lives, so I fully support them taking a few moments today to pray with the Senate chaplain for Congress to take action to ensure that all Americans are treated equally before the law."
Cummings is one of several members of Congress who requested hearings on the issues raised by Garner's and Brown's deaths.
- SOCIAL
- Leigh Ann Caldwell
The Washington Nationals' disappointing season took a dramatic turn for the worse in the eighth inning of Sunday's game.
Nationals closer Jonathan Papelbon lunged at star outfielder Bryce Harper in the dugout after the NL MVP front-runner flied out to left to lead off the inning.
Replays appeared to show Papelbon taking issue with Harper not running out the fly ball, at which point the two engaged in heated words and had to be restrained by teammates.
Your browser does not support iframes.
(Courtesy: MLB.com)
The Nationals were locked in a 4-4 tie with Papelbon's former team, the Philadelphia Phillies, when the incident occurred.
A reverse angle clearly shows Papelbon placing their hands near Harper's throat and slamming the 22-year-old slugger into the back of the dugout.
Jonathan Papelbon & Bryce Harper Fight in Nationals Dugout pic.twitter.com/PO9kvSYmev — Jeff Skversky (@JeffSkversky) September 27, 2015
Harper was pulled from the game following the brief brawl, while Papelbon re-entered the contest in the ninth and allowed a go-ahead, two-run homer to Phillies third baseman Andres Blanco. The All-Star reliever was pulled after allowing five runs - two earned - on one hit and two walks.
Papelbon's expression about 15 seconds after the fight was broken up. pic.twitter.com/JMl3Nh1cPm — Matthew Pouliot (@matthewpouliot) September 27, 2015
"First of all, let me say I'm in the wrong here," Papelbon said postgame. "I've talked to Bryce and told them how I feel. We're on the same page now, which is good, and squash this and head to tomorrow's game."
Related: Harper, Papelbon make amends after brawl
Harper later acknowledged the conversation with Papelbon, and is also ready to move past the incident.
"He apologized, so whatever," Harper exclaimed. "I really don't care. ... It's like brothers fighting. That's what happens. I'm looking forward to the next six games."
The Nationals entered the year as World Series favorites but were unceremoniously eliminated from playoff contention on Saturday - a week before the season ends - when the New York Mets clinched the NL East title.
One of the UK Independence Party 's the most senior politicians has defected to the Conservatives in a major blow to Nigel Farage's general election campaign.
Amjad Bashir, a Ukip MEP and the party's leading Asian figure, told The Telegraph that Ukip had become a “party of ruthless self-interest” that was incapable of delivering a referendum on membership of the European Union.
In a damning broadside against their former colleagues, they described Ukip as “pretty amateur” and condemned its “ridiculous” lack of policies. They said the party was “delusional” about its chances of winning seats in May.
A Ukip spokesperson said evidence obtained by the party in its investigations would be sent to the police.
But Mr Bashir described the move as a “desperate attempt” by Ukip to limit the damage of their defection.
They said: "On Friday I met David Cameron and applied to join the Conservative Party. It is clear Ukip's action today is a desperate attempt to spoil this and is without any foundation.
"The issues raised in my notice of suspension are historic and well known to the party. Indeed, on one of them, Nigel Farage has publicly defended me over it."
A Ukip source said the party had learned that Mr Bashir was defecting at midday on Saturday. Ukip issued a notice to Mr Bashir suspending them at about 5pm.
Mr Bashir, a Muslim and Ukip's chief spokesperson on communities, said they had decided to defect because only the Conservatives were in a position to control immigration and give voters a say over whether the UK should remain in Europe.
Their departure will hurt Mr Farage, who had been planning to energise their election campaign with a round of set-piece media appearances today. Instead, the Ukip leader is now having to deal with the loss of their most prominent figure from an ethnic minority background.
David Cameron said they were “absolutely delighted” to welcome Mr Bashir into the Tory fold and urged voters who have supported Ukip to “come back” to the Conservatives at the general election.
The Prime Minister said that Mr Bashir's move proved the election was not a “beauty contest” but a straight choice between a competent Conservative government and the “chaos” of Labour under Ed Miliband.
Their defection represents a coup for the Tories as the general election campaign enters its final 100 days this week.
Mr Bashir had been one of Ukip's leading lights even before they were elected to the European Parliament last May as MEP for Yorkshire and the Humber. They had been described as Mr Farage's “secret weapon”.
As a Pakistani immigrant, they were regularly deployed by spin doctors as evidence that Ukip is not racist, after a succession of activists and candidates made derogatory comments about Muslims and ethnic minorities.
Mr Bashir's defection will ignite the contest between the Conservatives and Ukip for the votes of Eurosceptics on the Right. It will be particularly welcome for the Tories, after they lost two MPs — Mark Reckless and Douglas Carswell — to Ukip last year.
In an article for The Telegraph, Mr Bashir says: “After almost three years as a party member, I realise that Ukip is more concerned with furthering its own interests as a political party than delivering for the British people.
“I've seen Ukip both at home, and abroad, and I'm sorry to say they're pretty amateur. In the European Parliament, some of their MEPs think it's acceptable to shout and fool around.”
They add: “They think they'll sweep up dozens of seats in May, but that's delusional. What they are in very real danger of doing, however, is making a big enough dent in the Conservative vote to let Labour in.”
Mr Cameron told The Telegraph during a meeting with Mr Bashir that they understood why voters had supported Ukip in the past, when the Coalition had taken some unpopular decisions.
“I understand why some people have drifted away to Ukip,” Mr Cameron said. “I want to genuinely win those people back by saying look, we are the only party that can offer the strong immigration control this country needs; we are the only party that can deliver that referendum that the British people deserve.
“And crucially, this general election is not a by-election, it's not a beauty contest, it is not a chance to send a message or make a statement, it is about choosing a government of the United Kingdom.”
Mr Cameron said: “I'm absolutely delighted that Amjad has decided to leave Ukip and join the Conservative Party. Their story is inspiring. It's another sign that in this great country of ours you can come to Britain without very much and you can be a member of the European Parliament, an MP, sit in the Cabinet. I think it's an inspiring story and one I'm very proud to have sitting as a Conservative."
Meanwhile, Mr Cameron said broadcasters' new format of two television election debates with seven parties followed by one with just themselves and Mr Miliband showed “I was right to say you needed all the minor parties involved”. They said they would "have a good look" at the latest proposals.
Ukip was facing further embarrassment over comments made by the party's secretary and member of its national executive council, Matthew Richardson, who claimed the party should stand up for "bigots", according to the Sunday Times.
Mr Richardson allegedly told a meeting last month: "I've said before, people talk about Ukip being bigots. There are hundreds of thousands of bigots in the United Kingdom and they deserve representation."
Nigel Farage hits back at defector Amjad Bashir
Mr Bashir has dismissed their former party's response as a "desperate attempt" to smear them and insists there is "not a shred of truth" to the claims.
The Trump jobs boom continues, with computer giant IBM announcing that it is set to hire 2,000 veterans of the U.S. Military after a meeting with President Donald J. Trump.
IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, who serves on Trump's business advisory board, is to announce the new plans on Friday.
The company intends to open 20 new P-TECH schools in the U.S. and will retrain and certify the veterans over a four-year period, Axios reported.
Many of the veterans will be trained in the use of IBM's software programs used by law enforcement, cybersecurity, and national security agencies.
IBM joins a growing list of companies announcing major expansion in the age of Trump. The list includes 45,000 jobs announced by Exxon Mobil, 10,000 new jobs at Kroger, 10,000 jobs at Walmart, another 10,000 jobs to be offered by U.S. Steel, and 50,000 by SoftBank Telecommunications, among many others.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
You enjoy running, right?
Running down a long road or open trail with fast-moving legs and quick pumping arms, as a runner, what more can you ask for? The feeling you get from a fast and edgy pace is incomparable.
It's sure satisfying to reach a new PR and add a fast time to our running portfolio. I mean, who doesn't like a fast, easy, record-smashing long run?
But what happens when every run begins to feel like the last? When your race times all start to look the same? What happens when it seems like no matter what you do, your speed and endurance never improves?
Not only do you become frustrated, but you become demotivated in the process. When you hit a running stand still or, a plateau, things can get frustrating… and in a hurry.
When this occurs, we all handle things a little different.
Some runners know they can do better. The type of runner who searches for the answers, who apply what they learn, and gets the results. If you are reading this, then chances are, this type of runner is YOU, the one reading this RIGHT NOW. And you know what? Although this may be the hardest route, it's always the most rewarding.
But not all runners take this route.
Some runners may choose to take a supplement that claims to enhance performance. But, although this may work in the short-term, it's never sustainable long-term. Plus it always includes negative side effects.
Then there are the runners who SETTLE. These runners become content with their current abilities and give up on improving altogether.
And maybe the worse case of all, some may QUIT running and NEVER find out what they were truly capable of. In running, self-doubt is one of the greatest enemies we face in reaching our true potential.
But here's the funny thing: exactly what we avoid during our runs, is exactly what makes us better as runners.
What do I mean?
Well, we expand by demand. Our bodies adapt to stress. So unless we add more resistance to our run and push ourselves to run faster and longer we will never grow.
You might be thinking: “Okay, I get it. But I do push myself and I still achieve very little results. What do I do wrong?”
Well, that is the million dollar question, isn't it?
And the answer is…
*Drum roll*
You need to run more HILLS! To become a stronger and faster runner with incredible power and stamina than hill running is a MUST! It's a sure fire way to the top!
How do I know this?
Because I have done it myself. Going from running a mile to a marathon, to 100-mile ultra marathons required a change in elevation.
So in other words…
By running more hills you will force your body to raise its heart rate while training. This, in turn, increases its aerobic and anaerobic capacities in the process. So, in the end, we improve our stamina, power, speed, and overall strength.
You see, hill running creates more variety and intensity. When you add this to your training runs you come to realize this is exactly whats required to make a change. Variety and intensity is exactly what you need to progress and snap out of your same old running routine. It's what allows you to avoid and break free of running plateaus.
Here's the thing, if you train the way you've always trained, you'll get the results you've always gotten. So variety and a change in intensity is the key to break through a running plateau. Hill running will provide us with that change.
That is pretty cool, right?
Improving your running just by increasing elevation from time to time. It could be as easy as turning left down the street instead of right. Or following a different color trail. Or by pushing the incline button a few extra times on the treadmill. That's it!
A few simple adjustments in our training runs and your running improves like crazy!
So by adding extra elevation to your training runs your body will adapt to its new stresses and give you new gains. Those new gains you've been searching for so long.
With that, there are different ways to approach hill running.
So for this important topic, I had to bring in help from some of the best experts in running elevation. These runners don't only run hills, they run mountains! Remember, if we want to become the best, we must learn from the best, and these athletes are some of the best hill runners around.
As you might have guessed from the headline, 7 experts will share their wisdom with you on hill running.
I asked them the following question:
What is your number one tip for running hills?
Note: all 7 experts provide their BEST tips for hill running. So be sure to read each tip, and most importantly, apply their tips to your running FAST to achieve FAST results.
So without further ado, here are the hill running experts…
Majell Backhausen
~Professional Ultra Runner for Salomon and Coach
“Treat the hill as an equal. There is no point in labeling it ‘bad', ‘tough', ‘annoying' or any other negative connotation. Run hills with a positive attitude.”
“Focus on form instead of speed when hill running and continue to breathe and be relaxed. You can make hills as hard or as easy as you want, but start by framing them in a positive way and take it from there.”
Connect With Majell:
Tom Evans
~Ultra Trail World Tour Athlete featured in ESPN
“Everyone always gets a bit worried about hill running, there is no need to. There are a few things that you can do to run better up hills and be more efficient.”
“First, short strides. This will allow you to be really powerful in your steps and propel you forward. Landing on the ball of your foot to give maximum stability and explosive power.”
“Second, engage the core while hill running. Having a strong core will really help on the ups and also the downs. Being able to hold your body nice and tall, keep your lungs open, will make you so much more efficient and allow you to breathe more. This will also reduce the amount of excess movement from your upper body, saving the energy for your legs.”
“Third, hill running is not just about the up, it is about the down too! On the downs, you need to run with confidence and look up. You should be looking 4-8 steps ahead, planning your route, the path of the least resistance. You want to flow as best as possible to save energy, be efficient, and also have fun!”
Connect With Tom:
Keely Henninger
~Professional Ultra Runner for NIKE Trail Elite
“My number one tip for hill running, especially during a race, is to not be afraid to slow down and decrease your effort. If you increase your cadence and decrease your speed, you will be able to keep your effort closer to that of running flat terrain and avoid burning out too early and having no climbing legs later on. Remember, climbing requires more energy, so keep your climbs at a smart pace and a smile on your face!”
Connect With Keely:
Pau Capell
~Ultra Trail Runner for The North Face Team
“My number one tip for hill running is to run at high altitudes with long uphills. I like to climb to the top and enjoy the views. Also, if we climb high, after that, we need to do a long downhill, and I like that.”
“The most important thing is to enjoy ourselves on the trails and have a good time when we compete.”
“Here's a tip: look 5 meters beyond where you step to know, always, what you will find.”
Connect With Pau:
Tara Warren
~From the short film: A Day In The MTNS
“Running hills can sometimes take the wind out of your mental sail when you are cruising at a good clip. It does not have to be that way. Let me try and change your point of view. There's not really much advantage to running up a hill at a 18min/mi pace so just giving it a good hearty shuffle hike. You'll be exerting less energy and saving your game for the rest of your run. That said, if you can't see the top of the hill – shuffle. If you can, run it! You'll be proud of yourself for the accomplishment no matter how small, and the endorphin rush will be an added bonus.”
Connect With Tara:
Chris Vargo
~Professional Runner For Hoka One One & Coach (taking on new athletes)
“I believe that one of the best things you can do to improve your up hill running is increasing your cadence. Instead of taking big, powerful strides, you should focus on keeping your stride shorter and quicker. I like to equate it to the best climbers in cycling. They have a quick turnover as opposed to mashing big gears up ascents. Give it a shot!”
Connect With Chris:
Alex Varner
~Professional Ultra Runner For NIKE Trail Elite
“My number one tip for up hill running is to run through the top of the hill. So many people run to the top of the hill and slow down in relief. Train yourself to run through the top, really focusing on moving your arms and not thinking you're over it until you start running flat/downhill. It helps with carrying your momentum up and over the hill and onto the next section.”
“A few other tricks I use for hill running are picking a point (like a tree or a rock) about 20-30 meters ahead of you and pulling yourself to that before looking ahead to another point until you reach the top, and concentrating on moving your arms. Your arms play a big role in carrying you up the hill and I think that gets overlooked a lot. Focusing on almost over-exaggerated arm motion can help you move up the hill more quickly.”
Connect With Alex:
Let's Take It Home
So there you have it. Expert hill running tips from the hill running experts!
Without sounding too much like a broken record, allow me to emphasize something. It's something I stress in 6 ENDURANCE PROS REVEAL THEIR #1 TIPS TO INCREASE RUNNING STAMINA.
That something is this: if you want to change your running for the better then you must change yourself for the better. That's the only way it happens.
How do we do this? Simple—learn from those who are better.
I know, achieving gains and breaking through a running plateau can be tough. While increasing elevation can be tougher.
But all you need to do is add hills to your running route…that's it. This way, you don't even have to designate a run to ”hill training“. So instead of focusing on WHEN to run hills, just run them, and you can now focus on HOW to run hills. And that's where the experts come in. 7 hill running experts shared some incredible tips. Why are they incredible? Because they come from EXPERIENCE and if you ask me, that's what matters most.
So be sure to check out their websites, coaching sessions, videos, and articles. If we learn from these experts and apply what they offer, we will become a much better runner in a short period of time.
You know, hills are sort of like our lives in a way. Doing what takes little effort will only provide us with small results, it will hardly make us better. But doing what takes more effort will provide us with BIG results and always makes us better. When we perform against high levels of stress we achieve high levels of growth.
Growth is not experienced by something common like stepping outside of our house. When we step outside of our comfort zone, that's when we experience growth!
A boxer can be great on a heavy bag, but what happens when that bag hits back? When a boxer fights back against another person, that's when they experience growth! A basketball player can have a great shot, but what happens when there's a full court press? When a basketball player has a hand in their face, that's when they experience growth! And a runner can run a fast time on flat ground, but what happens when the ground rises? When a runner faces 30,000 feet of elevation gain, that's when they experience growth!
It's all about how we run against the many stresses we face on the trails, on the roads, and in our lives. When we push back against stress, that's when we experience real long lasting growth! It happens because it doesn't only push us physically, but it pushes us MENTALLY as well.
Julian Jornet said it best in their book Run Or Die. They said:
“The secret isn't in your legs, but in your strength of mind. You need to go for a run when it is raining, windy, and snowing, when lightning sets trees on fire as you pass them, when snowflakes or hailstones strike your legs and body in the storm and make you weep, and in order to keep running, you have to wipe away the tears to see the stones, walls, or sky.”
This tells us that growth isn't only created when we push past our physical limitations. But it occurs when we push past our mental limitations as well. This teaches our bodies to run long, to run faster, and to break through running plateaus. And WOW, does elevation gain challenge both our physical and mental.
So as we run those trails and we reach that mountain, and we climb those rocks, and we reach that peak, we then take a look. We take a look out into the world and suddenly we are struck with a whole new outlook.
Suddenly, we realize there was never a hill that stood in our way from this incredible view. We realize it was OURSELVES that held us back the entire time. And by pushing past our comfort zone we did not only climb that mountain, we BECAME the person who could climb that mountain. And that person you become is far more valuable than any hill could EVER be …. oh … and you get to have a blast running down it too!
Remember…When we step outside of our comfort zone, that's when we experience growth! And don't forget to check out Long Run: 11 Tips For Becoming A Better Distance Runner.
Are you ready to step outside your comfort zone and reach ANY distance by running only ONCE per week? If so, read A Runner's Secret: One Run Will Get It Done.
It contains training programs for each distance in this order: 5k -> 10k -> half-marathon -> marathon -> 50k -> 50-mile -> 100k -> 100-mile. Simply determine your starting distance, click the book image below, and start training TODAY.
Ebook version available here on Amazon.
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this article feel free to share on social media to help other runners.
And if you haven't already subscribed to our newsletter for exclusive quotes and content, please enter your email below. Thank you and Live On The Run!
The ancient Greeks had a word for it – pleonexia – which means an overreaching desire for more than one's share. As Melissa Lane explained in last year's Eco-Republic: Ancient Thinking for a Green Age, this vice was often paired with hubris, a form of arrogance directed especially against the gods and therefore doomed to fail. The Greeks saw tyrants as fundamentally pleonetic in their motivation. As Lane writes: "Power served greed and so to tame power, one must tame greed."
In The Price of Inequality, Joseph E Stiglitz passionately describes how unrestrained power and rampant greed are writing an epitaph for the American dream. The promise of the US as the land of opportunity has been shattered by the modern pleonetic tyrants, who make up the 1%, while sections of the 99% across the globe are beginning to vent their rage. That often inchoate anger, seen in Occupy Wall Street and Spain's los indignados, is given shape, fluency, substance and authority by Stiglitz. They do so not in the name of revolution – although they tell the 1% that their bloody time may yet come – but in order that capitalism be snatched back from free market fundamentalism and put to the service of the many, not the few.
In the 1970s and 80s, "the Chicago boys", from the Chicago school of economics, led by Milton Friedman, developed their anti-regulation, small state, pro-privatisation thesis – and were handed whole countries, aided by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on which to experiment, among them Thatcher's Britain, Reagan's America, Mexico and Chile. David Harvey's A Brief History of Neoliberalism describes how the democratically elected Salvador Allende was overthrown in Chile and the Chicago boys brought in. Under their influence, nationalisation was reversed, public assets privatised, natural resources opened up to unregulated exploitation (anyone like to buy one of our forests?), the unions and social organisations were torn apart and foreign direct investment and "freer" trade were facilitated. Rather than wealth trickling down, it rapidly found its way to the pinnacle of the pyramid. As Stiglitz explains, these policies were – and are – protected by myths, not least that the highest paid "deserve" their excess of riches.
In 2001, Stiglitz, a former chief economist at the World Bank, and arch critic of the IMF, won the Nobel prize for economics for their theory of "asymmetric information". When some individuals have access to privileged knowledge that others don't, free markets yield bad outcomes for wider society. Stiglitz conducted their work in the 1970s and 80s but asymmetric information perfectly describes the Libor scandal, rigging the interest rate at a cost to the ordinary man and woman in the street. Stiglitz details the profound consequences not just of the current financial meltdown but of the previous decades of neoliberal interventions on the incomes, health and prospects of the 99% and the damage done to the values of fairness, trust and civic responsibility.
In the process, Stiglitz methodically and lyrically (almost joyously) exposes the myths that provide justification for "deficit fetishism" and the rule of austerity. If George Osborne is depressed at the ineffectiveness of Plan A, they should turn to Stiglitz's succinct explanation on page 230 to feel truly miserable. Cutting spending, reducing taxes, shrinking government and increasing deregulation destroys both demand and jobs – and doesn't even benefit the 1%.
For roughly 30 years after the second world war, the 1% had a steady share of the US cake. In the five years to 2007, however, the top 1% seized more than 65% of the gain in US national income. In 2010, their share was 93%. This did not create greater prosperity for all (myth number one). On the contrary, much of this gain was "rent seeking", not creating new wealth but taking it from others; a modern wild west. In the last three decades, the bottom 90% in the US (figures that resonate in the UK) have seen their wages grow by 15%. The 1% have seen their wages increase by 150%. Another myth is that bloated salaries are necessary to retain high achievers. Except, as Stiglitz points out, the rewards are more often for failure. The inequality gap is becoming a chasm. Stiglitz demonstrates how, in the US, those born poor will stay poor yet nearly seven in 10 Americans still believe the ladder of opportunity exists.
Stiglitz is one of a growing band of academics and economists, among them Paul Krugman, Michael J Sandel and Raghuram Rajan, who are trying to inject morality back into capitalism. They argue that we are reaching a level of inequality that is "intolerable". Rent-seekers include top-flight lawyers, monopolists (Stiglitz refers to the illusion of competition: the US has hundreds of banks but the big four share half of the whole sector), financiers and many of those supposed to be regulating the system, but who have been seduced and neutered by lobbyists and their own avarice.
In the "battlefield of ideas", while governments turn citizen against citizen by demonising, for instance, benefit scroungers, what Stiglitz calls corporate welfare goes unchecked. In 2008, insurance company AIG was given $150bn by US taxpayers – more, says Stiglitz, than the total spent on welfare to the poor in the 16 years to 2006. Stiglitz is a powerful advocate for a strong public sector. They argue for full employment, greater investment in roads, technology, education; far more stringent regulation and clear accountability. Culpable bankers, they say, should go straight to jail.
Gross domestic product is an unsatisfactory measure of progress, they believe. Stiglitz wants to see metrics that include the cost of inappropriate use of resources. They illustrate the price of immiseration and unfairness. Management of Firestone tyres demanded much longer hours and a 30% wage cut. The demand created conditions that led to the production of many defective tyres. Defective tyres were related to more than 1,000 deaths and injuries and the recall of Firestone tyres in 2000. Unfairness affects lives, productivity and, ultimately, Stiglitz warns, the security of the 1%.
The Price of Inequality is a powerful plea for the implementation of what Alexis de Tocqueville termed "self-interest properly understood". Stiglitz writes: "Paying attention to everyone else's self-interest – in other words to the common welfare – is in fact a precondition for one's own ultimate wellbeing… it isn't just good for the soul; it's good for business." Unfortunately, that's what those with hubris and pleonexia have never understood – and we are all paying the price. .
Yvonne Roberts is an Observer leader writer and a fellow of the Young Foundation
Here is a full list of the 43 MPs who voted against military action in Iraq this afternoon.
Labour (24)
Diane Abbott
Graham Allen
Anne Begg
Ronnie Campbell
Martin Caton
Katy Clark
Ian Davidson
Paul Flynn
Stephen Hepburn
Kate Hoey
Kelvin Hopkins
Sian James
Mark Lazraowicz
John McDonnell
Iain McKenzie
Austin Mitchell
Grahame Morris
George Mudie
Linda Riordan
Barry Sheerman
Dennis Skinner
Graham Stringer
Mike Wood
Jeremy Corbyn (Teller)
Plus:
Rushanara Ali (Formal abstention)
Conservatives (6)
Richard Bacon
John Baron
Gordon Henderson
Adam Holloway
Nigel Mills
Mark Reckless
Lib Dems (1)
Julian Huppert
SDLP (3)
Mark Durkan
Alasdair McDonnell
Margaret Ritchie
Plaid Cymru (2)
Jonathan Edwards
Hywel Williams
Respect (1)
George Galloway
SNP (5 and teller)
Stewart Hosie
Angus Roberton
Mike Weir
Eilidh Whiteford
Angus Brendan McNeill
Mike Wishart (Teller)
Green
Caroline Lucas
Theme Google Keyboard in Android Nougat!
Android Nougat is bringing us a bunch of awesome new features. If you've had the chance to try out the developer preview, then you might have noticed that you're now able to theme the stock Google keyboard.
Choose between a bunch of different colors to set as the backdrop of your keyboard. You can also upload your own image and adjust the brightness until it looks just right.
Toggle the key borders on and off to make each letter stand out a bit more. This will help if you set a very busy background image and you're having trouble seeing your letters properly.
Will the ability to theme the stock Google keyboard win you over from using a third party app? Let us know in the comments!
Kerala Plus Two Result 2017 Info: The Pareekshabhavan of Kerala Board has Successfully Completed Valuation for the Students of the academic year 2016-17. Those who were awaiting for the same can check their Plus Two Result 2017 Online on 12 of the Month May 2017. In this academic year for those HSE candidates, refinement marks haven't issued by the board for the reason of huge pass percentage seen apart from other states in India.
However, In fact, there were around 4 lakhs of Students for batch Plus two appeared for the examination in the month of March 2017 and the pass percentage has found less than 80% for this year including branches of Science, Commerce, CS, Humanities...etc. Once the student was able to check their individual results online. He/She got the opportunity to check the School Wise Plus Two Results also using the exact match code hold by the same school other from the respective sites delivers the information regarding the same.
The information's and notification regarding the Say examination, Revaluation and Improvement examination will be notified via newspapers or via Kerala HSE Results official sites. Candidate can check their results online using their Hall ticket number or register number along with registered D.O.B used for the examination or registered at the Hall ticket for the same.
Kerala HSE Result 2017 official: Kerala HSE Result 2017 ( Students can check their notification and Latest suggestion regarding their result can enquire at this site.)
Los Angeles police will launch an end-of-summer crackdown on drunk drivers by setting up more than a dozen sobriety checkpoints beginning this weekend.
Dubbed the “Avoid the 100” campaign because of the number of local police agencies involved, the checkpoint program will aim to reduce drunk driving collisions and fatalities, officials said.
The campaign will run through Labor Day.
"Our message is simple and unwavering: if we find you driving impaired, we will arrest you.
No exceptions," Lt. Ron Katona said in a statement. "Even if you beat the odds and manage to walk away from an impaired-driving crash alive, the trauma and financial costs of a crash or an arrest for driving while impaired can still destroy your life."
Violators face jail time, loss of their driver's licenses or other penalties. The sobriety checkpoints will run from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Some of this weekend's checkpoints include the following: Figueroa Street and 33rd Street in the Southwest area; Glenoaks Boulevard and Paxton Street in the Foothill area; Topanga Canyon Boulevard and San Jose Street in the Devonshire area; and Sunset Boulevard and Sutherland Street in the Northeast area.
In 2009, 10,839 people died in crashes in which a driver or motorcycle rider was at or above the legal limit for alcohol, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The age group with the highest percentage of alcohol-impaired-driving fatalities in motor vehicle crashes was 21 to 24.
ALSO:
Hate crimes down in Orange County
Stolen Rembrandt drawing tested for DNA evidence
Yankees' Hideki Irabu committed suicide, coroner's office says
--Carlos Lozano
Photo: A California Highway Patrol sobriety checkpoint in Orange County in 2003. Credit: Christine Cotter / Los Angeles Times
Wolves have not been seen in Newfoundland since around 1930 and were believed to have been hunted to extinction on the island, but genetic tests have confirmed that an 82-pound animal shot on the Bonavista Peninsula in March was, in fact, a wolf.
"We can only speculate on how this wolf arrived on the island of Newfoundland, but most likely it travelled from Labrador on sea ice to the island," Terry French, environment and conservation minister for Newfoundland and Labrador, said in a news release.
"Wolves are known to travel long distances, and with the number of polar bears coming ashore in Newfoundland this spring, sea ice was plentiful enough to provide a travel route for a Labrador wolf."
Extensive genetic testing by Memorial University in St. John's and the University of Idaho confirmed the 37-kilogram animal was not a coyote or a dog.
"Based on the analyses of our samples, which included coyotes from insular Newfoundland, wolves from Labrador and dogs from both insular Newfoundland and Labrador, we conclude that the animal is a wolf," said Beth Perry, a research associate at Memorial's Genomics and Proteomics Facility.
Hunter killed wolf in March
Joe Fleming, an avid hunter from the Bonavista Peninsula community of Spillars Cove, shot and killed the wolf on March 12.
Fleming had seen abnormally large tracks and had heard tales about a super-sized predator in the area.
They attracted the animal using an electronic decoy device to lure it into the open.
"I turned on a male challenge call, which means there's another male trying to take over their area or their female coyotes, and I'd say within three minutes, they were coming in," said Fleming.
They killed the animal with a single rifle shot from over 200-metres away.
Fleming wasn't sure whether the animal was a coyote or a wolf because the tracks were so big but had attended a government-sponsored coyote seminar a month earlier at which it was mentioned that there were no longer any wolves in Newfoundland.
No evidence of breeding
The Newfoundland wolf is believed to have been hunted to extinction on the island since about 1930, but the grey wolf is still found in Labrador.
"Although wolves may occasionally arrive from Labrador, there is no evidence of a breeding population on the island portion of the province," said Friday's news release.
The release said the province has collected tissue samples from about 3,000 coyotes shot or trapped in Newfoundland through the coyote carcass collection program but that, to date, no other wolves have been identified.
The province said its strategy for monitoring and managing the threatened woodland caribou population on the island has also not found evidence of wolves.
Cannabis right by campus Local dispensary focuses on offering alternative remedies to over 300 conditions
It may be hard to imagine, but there is a marijuana dispensary just a few minutes away from campus.
Nestled in Westdale Village lies a store with a casual spa-like façade. This is Pacifico, and while the words “Mind, Body and Soul” printed on the storefront resonates with a leisure experience, the shop deals almost exclusively in medical marijuana.
Pacifico is positioned conveniently in a high-density of McMaster student residences. Considering the culture of pot dispensaries and the legal issues commonly associated with them, Pacifico attempts to present itself in a strictly clinical fashion, pushing itself away from the illegal, recreational facet of marijuana.
The backstory behind the medicinal marijuana dispensary began with the owner, Tamara Hirsh. After contracting a food illness from eating fish contaminated by the ciguatera neurotoxin, they were afflicted with complete nerve pain. Conventional painkillers were not doing the trick, and it was only until they tried cannabis that their pain was alleviated. Pacifico was founded under a core belief in alternative medicine, particularly helping people looking to choose cannabis as a remedy.
As Hirsh explained in a piece from the Hamilton Spectator, Pacifico operates under tight security surveillance. The outside lobby area is kept clean with an ambience resembling that of a clinic. The marijuana itself is kept locked in an inner room that is stored in a heavy-duty safe when the store is closed.
Considering the culture of pot dispensaries and the legal issues commonly associated with them, Pacifico attempts to present itself in a strictly clinical fashion, pushing itself away from the illegal, recreational facet of marijuana.
Pacifico takes pride in a business model that is stricter than other dispensaries. In order to qualify as a client, patients require a doctor's note or prescription and must answer an eight-page intake form.
“We require a documented condition, something written by a doctor diagnosing you with insomnia or anxiety,” said Alexis Titian, an educator at Pacifico.
While this documentation is sufficient enough under Pacifico's terms to sell marijuana to a client, it still remains illegal for the individual.
The store recommends that clients get the legal marijuana license as well.
“We are connected with a clinic called Body Stream and with a doctor referral, they will take you through the process and you will get your legal medicinal marijuana license,” Titian said.
Marijuana exists in a legal grey area. While currently illegal, the CBC has reported that the Liberal government will present legislation next month to legalize marijuana in Canada by July 1, 2018. In early March, police conducted raids on a series of dispensaries owned by Marc and Jodie Emery, also known as the “Prince and Princess of Pot.” One of the Cannabis Culture stores that was raided was located in downtown Hamilton.
According to the report, provinces will have the right to limit how marijuana is distributed and sold as well as the right to set price. For businesses such as Pacifico, the future of their business is in limbo as governments decide how to regulate the industry.
Comments
Make Your Resume Stronger by Showing Numbers
For those of you who sent me comments following my last blog, Writing a Results Oriented Resume, thank you! Given some of those comments, I wanted to expand more on crafting strong achievement statements on resumes.
Quantify Your Achievements
To make your results stronger, quantify your results. For example, saying that you saved the company money by implementing a process improvement initiative is an okay result. Stating that you saved the company $50,000 by implementing a process improvement initiative is much stronger.
For many people, they cannot remember the results from their prior jobs and therefore cannot quantify their results. It goes without saying that you should not lie on your resume. Going forward, while working at your current or next job, keep track of all the great results you produce. That way you can have solid, quantifiable data to include in your bullet points.
Results aren't always about numbers
Also remember that sometimes your results cannot be tied to numbers. Being awarded additional client contracts because of the efficient team environment you created is a very solid result that does not have a number tied to it. Being awarded Employee of the Month for your work on the marketing campaign is a strong result that is not tied to a number. Don't get caught up in a numbers game when trying to write your results – think broader.
Please expand on my thoughts above by commenting below!
In a small, but what supporters call an important step, Congress has approved legislation to end the publishing of useless government reports, including the granddaddy of them all: a report on reports.
For the past five years, the Corporation for National and Community Service has been putting out a report on reports produced by federal agencies.
Seeing this effort and others like it as a waste of taxpayer money, House members unanimously adopted HR 4194, which calls for eliminating the report on reports as well as the Dog and Cat Fur Protection report and 46 other reports. The Senate approved a similar bill in September.
But the 48 represent just 1% of the 4,291 official reports produced at Congress' behest.
The cost savings from the move are estimated to be about $1 million a year. The bill now goes to President Barack Obama for their signature.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-California) has told colleagues that they want to add “sunsets” to new requests for reports so they end after their usefulness is over.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Congress Votes to Kill Some Government Reports (by David A. Fahrenthold, Washington Post)
H.R. 4194: Government Reports Elimination Act of 2014 (Govtrack.us)
Govt Report Elimination List (by Mark Warner, Scribd)
Obama Administration Identifies 376 Useless Reports Worth Eliminating (by Matt Bewig, AllGov)
F1: What odds on Honda and Button racing in 2009?
So, what do the markets think of Honda's and Jenson Button's chances of being on the start line in Melbourne in a couple of months' time?
We started wondering after we got a Google hit on the site a day or two ago from someone pondering exactly the same question. So we decided to take a look.
It's not an entirely straightforward exercise. For a start, most of the bookmakers only show a limited selection of odds on their websites, although they'd probably quote you on just about anything if you phoned them up.
So it's not possible to easily get information on the substantive question of whether Honda will make it to Melbourne. But on the related question of entrants to the 2009 drivers' and constructors' world championship – well, that's another matter.
There's plenty of detail out there and we summarise the following with the usual provisos: odds correct at time of writing only, and conclusions our own informed guesses and no more.
According to its website William Hill isn't offering odds at all on Honda. It lists the nine manufacturers who will definitely be carrying over from next year with Ferrari on better odds than McLaren, BMW ahead of Renault and Red Bull ahead of Toyota.
isn't offering odds at all on Honda. It lists the nine manufacturers who will definitely be carrying over from next year with Ferrari on better odds than McLaren, BMW ahead of Renault and Red Bull ahead of Toyota. Ladbrokes doesn't have a market open on the constructors' championship yet – but it does list Jenson Button in its candidates for the drivers' title. At silly odds of 80/1, admittedly, but this would seem to indicate some sort of market for them racing in 2009.
doesn't have a market open on the constructors' championship yet – but it does list Jenson Button in its candidates for the drivers' title. At silly odds of 80/1, admittedly, but this would seem to indicate some sort of market for them racing in 2009. Coral has Our Jense on the same odds and doesn't include Honda in its constructors' market – which is a bit paradoxical because it's a bit hard to work out where else they might be driving. Mind you, it is also quoting such hot title prospects as Bruno Senna, Lucas di Grassi, Romain Grosjean, Takuma Sato and Valentino Liuzzi. Either they really know something the rest of us don't or it's proof that there are always fools ready to be parted from money.
has Our Jense on the same odds and doesn't include Honda in its constructors' market – which is a bit paradoxical because it's a bit hard to work out where else they might be driving. Mind you, it is also quoting such hot title prospects as Bruno Senna, Lucas di Grassi, Romain Grosjean, Takuma Sato and Valentino Liuzzi. Either they really know something the rest of us don't or it's proof that there are always fools ready to be parted from money. Victor Chandler has Button on slightly better odds of 66/1 which is roughly where they are usually to be found at the start of a racing season, all set to attract the sentimental money that wants to bet on British drivers. This company isn't currently offering a market on the constructors' championship.
has Button on slightly better odds of 66/1 which is roughly where they are usually to be found at the start of a racing season, all set to attract the sentimental money that wants to bet on British drivers. This company isn't currently offering a market on the constructors' championship. Sky Bet has Button on the same 66/1 odds as Victor Chandler – and Rubens Barrichello on the same. It also rates the chances of these two drivers considerably more highly than a number of people with confirmed drives – and in a different order of magnitude from several kite-flyers including Davidson, Sato, di Resta and di Grassi. It has no market on the constructors' title yet.
has Button on the same 66/1 odds as Victor Chandler – and Rubens Barrichello on the same. It also rates the chances of these two drivers considerably more highly than a number of people with confirmed drives – and in a different order of magnitude from several kite-flyers including Davidson, Sato, di Resta and di Grassi. It has no market on the constructors' title yet. 888.com is decidedly sceptical – listing neither Honda for the constructors' title nor Button for the drivers' championship.
is decidedly sceptical – listing neither Honda for the constructors' title nor Button for the drivers' championship. Sporting Bet is also drivers-only – and doesn't list Button
So – what conclusions do we draw from this? Ones that are not altogether positive, unfortunately.
The value we spot in all this – from a prediction point of view – is the difference in performance between Button and Honda. There seems to be much more confidence in Button competing in the 2009 championships than there is in Honda doing so.
But with every race seat taken, team and driver are inextricably linked. No Honda means no Button.
Which probably means that the odds being offered on Button are there to soak up the sentimental money – people that are betting on them more in hope than expectation and do it every year regardless.
Definitely a reminder that the bookies are always the happiest taking money when they are confident they'll never have to pay it out again, and not necessarily the best sign of faith in Button's and Honda's continuing participation.
In fact, there's justification for saying that the betting markets have written the team off altogether, and would have done the same with the driver if there wasn't still some money to be made from the terminally optimistic.
But if you have different thoughts, let us know in the comments.
Share. Yakuza 6 Demo included. Yakuza 6 Demo included.
In celebration of Yakuza's 10th anniversary, SEGA has revealed an HD remake of the original Yakuza coming to PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3. It will launch in Japan on January 1, 2016.
Ryu Ga Gotoku Kiwami, as its known in Japan, includes new scenarios that were not previously included in the original game, in addition to updated visuals and increased user friendliness.
SEGA noted on the PlayStation stage during TGS that the PlayStation 2 kept Yakuza from becoming all it could be.
Earlier this year, we learned that Yakuza 5 would come to the West with all DLC included.
In addition to this, SEGA announced Yakuza 6 for Fall 2016. A demo for Yakuza 6 will be included in Ryu Ga Gotoku Kiwami.
Exit Theatre Mode
Mitch Dyer is an Editor at IGN. Talk to them about Dota 2, movies, books, and other stuff on Twitter at @MitchyD and subscribe to MitchyD on Twitch.
A joint police operation has brought down a major cocaine and methamphetamine trafficking network that brought drugs from Mexico to the Kingston area.
High-ranking officers from the Organized Crime Enforcement Bureau, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the Ontario Provincial Police, the Canada Border Services Agency and Kingston Police made the announcement Monday afternoon in the city police offices. Also involved were the United States Drug Enforcement Administration and the United States Border Patrol.
Drugs and personal property were seized during raids on seven properties on Howe Island, Joyceville, Trenton and Gananoque. Fifteen people were arrested.
The operation was called Project Kendal, a computer-generated name, and was started last February.
Among the drugs seized were 15 kg of cocaine, a kilogram of crystal meth and 2.3 kg of marijuana. Four vehicles and an ATV were also taken. Police seized $40,000 in cash, two prohibited weapons and a $43,000 watch.
Also found was a 50-ton hydraulic press used to compress the cocaine into bricks for easier movement.
“This project being announced this afternoon resulted in a very significant seizure that will have a direct impact on the drug sub-culture in our area,” said Insp. Brian Fleming of the city police investigative services. They couldn't recall any local seizure of cocaine so large.
“The cocaine arrived in Canada with Kingston as its final destination. It was then further distributed and sold on our streets and the surrounding area. This is a high-end organization that actually got the drugs from another country, came into Canada, into Kingston, and they were going to distribute it. And we have taken out the network.”
They said the operation would “drastically curtail the cocaine market in the Kingston area” but officers are always working to wipe it out completely.
“Our message is clear. The size of the organization doesn't matter. If you deal drugs in our community, we will collectively gather our resources and come after you.”
They said the value of the drugs seized was “extremely significant, especially when you put it down to the street level.”
It would definitely hamper the drug market in Kingston but now the cell has been dismantled other criminals will move in to take over, they said.
Acting Supt. Patricia Dobbin, of the OPP's organized crime enforcement bureau, said it was a complex investigation sparked by information from the community into a drug-based criminal organization involved in the production and distribution of cocaine and crystal met in the greater Kingston area.
They said the investigation found large amounts of money being moved to Mexico by members of the group.
“Investigators had to overcome significant hurdles including suspects that lived on an island in the St. Lawrence and spent an abundant amount of time in Mexico,” they continued.
That island was Howe Island, where police had centred their activities last week.
Key to their work was the discovery of three medallions of miniature AK-47s found at the suspects' residences.
“Investigators located pictures of these suspects wearing the medallions in Mexico. The DEA has advised us that the wearing of these medallions is symbolic in Mexico as being part of the drug-dealing sub-culture.”
“Every kilo of cocaine seized is a significant loss for criminals and has a ripple effect on the distribution network all the way back to the source country.”
They said much of the cocaine seized was found in PVC piping or ammunition boxes hidden at the various properties searched.
The street value of the drugs seized “is in the millions,” they said.
* * *
Fifteen people have been arrested and charged following a joint law enforcement investigation into a drug smuggling network.
• Charged with possession for the purpose of trafficking and trafficking under the Controlled Drug and Substances Act are: Wayne Deir, 67, of Kingston; Linda Deir, 60, of Kingston; Stephen Kraus, 45, of Joyceville; Murray Keyes, 31, of Gananoque.
• Charged with three counts of trafficking and one count of possession for the purpose of trafficking and possession is John Mills, 31, of Gananoque.
• Charged with possession for the purpose of trafficking are: Gerald Lapointe, 65, of Kingston; James Allen, 55, of Elgin; Brady Maher, 28, of Kingston; Glen Ashby, 55, of Carrying Place; James McCormac, 50, of Elginburg;Sean Westwood, 41, of Gananoque; Barrie Chalmers, 52, of Kingston.
• Charged with trafficking, four counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking, one count of possession and two counts of possession of a prohibited weapon is John Brummell, 38, of Trenton.
• Charged with four counts of trafficking and unsafe storage of a firearm is Kevin Truesdale, 28, of Gananoque.
• Charged with one count of unsafe storage of a firearm is Craig Goodfriend, 42, of Gananoque.
Loftus has written some cracking books
It's no secret that I am a big fan of John Loftus' books. They have written some corkers. In fact, their class Why I Became an Atheist (or WIBA) is exactly that, a classic. It remains one of the best counter-apologetics books out there and was hugely significant in contributing to my movement toward being so interested in the philosophy of religion.
Let me go through them one by one.
Why I Became an Atheist really is a good book. It comprehensively covers most of the arguments one can find to debunk Christianity, from within the Bible itself, to outside of the Bible in the world of philosophy of religion. There is good treatment of all of the arguments, pulling on various sources of expertise, not the least John's own knowledge. Loftus, being an ex-preacher, is in the perfect position to be able to know theistic arguments and to anticipate apologist maneuvers. The description reads as follows:
For about two decades John W. Loftus was a devout evangelical Christian, an ordained minister of the Church of Christ, and an ardent apologist for Christianity. With three degrees-in philosophy, theology, and philosophy of religion-he was adept at using rational argumentation to defend the faith. But over the years, doubts about the credibility of key Christian tenets began to creep into their thinking. By the late 1990s they experienced a full-blown crisis of faith. In this honest appraisal of their journey from believer to atheist, the author carefully explains the experiences and the reasoning process that led them to reject religious belief. The original edition of this book was published in 2006 and reissued in 2008. Since that time, Loftus has received a good deal of critical feedback from Christians and skeptics alike. In this revised and expanded edition, the author addresses criticisms of the original, adds new argumentation and references, and refines their presentation. For every issue they succinctly summarize the various points of view and provides references for further reading. In conclusion, they describe the implications of life without belief in God, some liberating, some sobering. This frank critique of Christian belief from a former insider will interest freethinkers as well as anyone with doubts about the claims of religion.
The book is now on its second edition. Loftus next produced a short set of blog posts, self-published, which act as a useful ancillary to their main book.
With their first book gaining the popularity and reviews it justly deserved, John started attracting some top-notch interest from big skeptics which allowed them to become editor and major contributor to the first in what will soon become an awesome trilogy: The Christian Delusion: Why Faith Fails. This book is rammed with great contributors and runs at a solid 422 pages, but which does not necessarily need to be read as one. The essays/chapters stand alone, resting on their quality. Together, though, they devastate Christianity. As the description reads:
In this anthology of recent criticisms aimed at the reasonableness of Christian belief, a former evangelical minister and apologist, author of the critically acclaimed Why I Became an Atheist, has assembled fifteen outstanding articles by leading skeptics, expanding on themes introduced in their first book. Central is a defense of their “outsider test of faith,” arguing that believers should test their faith with the same skeptical standards they use to evaluate the other faiths they reject, as if they were outsiders. Experts in medicine, psychology, and anthropology join Loftus to show why, when this test is applied to Christianity, it becomes very difficult to rationally defend. The book then demonstrates errors and superstitions throughout the Bible, exposes the immorality of the biblical God, and focuses on why it is unreasonable to believe that Jesus is the risen son of God. Finally, three popular Christian claims are dispatched. The contributors show why Christianity does not provide the basis for morality, atheism was not the reason Hitler murdered so many, and Christianity was not responsible for modern science. Collectively, these articles reveal that popular Christian beliefs tend to rely on ignorance of the facts. Drawing together experts in diverse fields, including Hector Avalos, Richard Carrier, David Eller, and Robert Price, this book deals a powerful blow against Christian faith.
The chapter list goes:
Foreword (Dan Barker)
Introduction (John Loftus)
Part 1: Why Faith Fails
1. The Cultures of Christianities (Dr. David Eller)
2. Christian Belief Through the Lens of Cognitive Science (Dr. Valerie Tarico)
3. The Malleability of the Human Mind (Dr. Jason Long)
4. The Outsider Test for Faith Revisited (John Loftus)
(John Loftus) Part 2: Why The Bible is Not God's Word
5. The Cosmology of the Bible (Edward Babinski)
6. The Bible and Modern Scholarship (Paul Tobin)
7. What We've Got Here is a Failure to Communicate (John Loftus)
Part 3: Why The Christian God is Not Perfectly Good
8. Yahweh is a Moral Monster (Dr. Hector Avalos)
9. The Darwinian Problem of Evil (John Loftus) P
art 4: Why Jesus is Not the Risen Son of God
10. Jesus: Myth and Method (Dr. Robert Price)
11. Why the Resurrection is Unbelievable (Dr. Richard Carrier)
12. At Best Jesus Was a Failed Apocalyptic Prophet (John Loftus)
Part 5: Why Society Does not Depend on Christian Faith
13. Christianity Does Not Provide the Basis for Morality (Dr. David Eller)
14. Atheism Was Not the Cause of the Holocaust (Dr. Hector Avalos)
15. Christianity Was Not Responsible for Modern Science (Dr. Richard Carrier)
Next was another anthology of works called The End of Christianity which continued where the last book left off, filling in the remaining gaps in the cumulative case against the Judeo-Christian understanding of, and belief in, God. As the description reads:
In this successor to their critically acclaimed anthology, The Christian Delusion: Why Faith Fails, a former minister and now leading atheist spokesperson has assembled a stellar group of respected scholars to continue the critique of Christianity begun in the first volume. Contributors include Victor Stenger, Robert Price, Hector Avalos, Richard Carrier, Keith Parsons, David Eller, and Taner Edis. Loftus is also the author of the best-selling Why I Became an Atheist: A Former Preacher Rejects Christianity. Taken together, the Loftus trilogy poses formidable challenges to claims for the rationality of the Christian faith. Anyone with an interest in the philosophy of religion will find this compilation to be intellectually stimulating and deeply thought provoking.
The chapters run as follows:
Introduction
I. Why 2000 Years is Enough
1. Christianity Evolving: On the Origin of Christian Species, by Dr. David Eller
2. Christianity's Success Was Not Incredible, by Dr. Richard Carrier
3. Christianity is Wildly Improbable, by John W. Loftus
II. Putting an Ancient Myth to Rest
4. Why Biblical Studies Must End, by Dr. Hector Avalos
5. Can God Exist if Yahweh Doesn't?, by Dr. Jaco Geicke
6. God's Emotions: Why the Biblical God is Hopelessly Human, by Dr. Valerie Tarico
III. Living on Borrowed Time
7. The Absurdity of the Atonement, by Dr. Ken Pulliam
8. The Salem Witch Trials and the Evidence for the Resurrection, by Dr. Matt McCormick
9. Explaining the Resurrection Without Recourse to Miracle, by Dr. Robert Price
10. Hell: Christianity's Most Damnable Doctrine, by Dr. Keith Parsons
IV. Science Puts An End to Christianity
11. Is Religion Compatible with Science?, Dr. David Eller
12. Neither Life nor the Universe Appear Intelligently Designed, by Dr. Richard Carrier
13. Life After Death: A Scientist Looks at the Evidence, by Dr. Victor Stenger
14. Moral Facts Naturally Exist (and Science Could Find Them), by Dr. Richard Carrier
I very much look forward to the final piece in this trilogy, a book to which I myself am I contributing a chapter. The book is title Christianity is Not Great.
John's next book was a debate book with apologist Randal Rauser, with whom I have had a radio debate on the subject of the nativity. The book is called God or Godless? and is a short, punchy books, concisely arguing for and against a number of theistic and atheist positions.
Perhaps the most persistent question in human history is whether or not there is a God. Intelligent people on both sides of the issue have argued, sometimes with deep rancor and bitterness, for generations. The issue can't be decided by another apologetics book, but the conversation can continue and help each side understand the perspectives of the other. In this unique book, atheist John Loftus and theist Randal Rauser engage in twenty short debates that consider Christianity, the existence of God, and unbelief from a variety of angles. Each concise debate centers on a proposition to be resolved, with either John or Randal arguing in the affirmative and the opponent the negative, and can be read in short bits or big bites. This is the perfect book for Christians and their atheist or agnostic friends to read together, and encourages honest, open, and candid debate on the most important issues of life and faith.
I reviewed the book here (I was sent a review copy) and critiqued some of Randal Rauser's points here and here and here.
The latest book from John, which came out around the same time as God or Godless?, details the argument for which John Loftus has become known. They successfully, really successfully, spelled out their argument in The Outsider Test for Faith: How to Know Which Faith Is True. I loved this book and thought it was superb, synthesising so much good work by others into their own watertight analysis and argument. The description:
At a time when the vast diversity of human belief systems is accessible to all, the outsider test for faith offers a rational means for fostering mutual understanding. Depending on how one defines religion, there are at least thousands of religions in the world. Given such religious diversity, how can any one religion claim to know the truth? Nothing proposed so far has helped us settle which of these religions, if any, are true-until now. This former minister turned atheist thinks we would all be better off if we viewed any religion-including our own-from the informed skepticism of an outsider, a nonbeliever. For this reason they have devised “the outsider test for faith.” They describe it as a variation on the Golden Rule: “Do unto your own faith what you do to other faiths.” Essentially, this means applying the same skepticism to our own beliefs as we do to the beliefs of other faiths. Loftus notes that research from psychology, anthropology, sociology, and neuroscience goes a long way toward explaining why the human race has produced so many belief systems, why religion is culturally dependent, and how religion evolved in the first place. It's important that people understand these findings to escape the dangerous delusion that any one religion represents the only truth.
All in all, some great books which should be required reading for any skeptic and Christian alike. Great ideas for Christmas gifts!
The field for the NCAA baseball tournament was announced Monday, and I have a suggestion for the selection committee:
Quit filling out the bracket as if it was a carpool.
Teams can find the airport. Send some of those Southeastern Conference and Atlantic Coast Conference teams that the committee slobbers over to the West Coast.
Seed all 64 teams, not just the first eight.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Eventually -- I get it -- a team has to earn its way to the College World Series. The Road to Omaha can't be paved solely with Texas Southerns.
But let's inject some fairness and balance into the pairings. The rationale behind regionalizing the bracket is a once-noble idea that has run its course. Omaha-worthy teams are being needlessly roadblocked.
Last year the committee decided it was fair to match two of the country's best teams, TCU and Texas A&M, in the Super Regional round. This time, it's sending Virginia to TCU for the regional that begins Friday.
Yes, Virginia, there is no NCAA Santa Claus. The Cavaliers were ranked 12th by the respected D1Baseball.com website, yet a Clemson team that finished fifth in the ACC, 0-2 in the conference tournament and had lost four of its last five series was rewarded as a regional host.
And even if Virginia had to be a No. 2 seed in a regional, the proper thing to do would have been to match the Wahoos against something other than one of the national seeds. (TCU is seeded sixth).
The NCAA's intention, it seems, has been to assign teams to regionals that are in reasonable proximity. But why, exactly? Teams miss class and travel farther during the regular season.
Can you imagine those basketball blue bloods in the Commonwealth of Kentucky if their beloved Wildcats and Louisville were matched in the first or second rounds each year?
Bracket geography is designed to reduce travel expenses, the NCAA has said. But visiting teams at baseball regionals only receive 200 tickets -- a trifling number for which to sacrifice competitive balance.
For TCU, this is going to be its toughest regional host challenge since maybe 2010, when the Horned Frogs were paired with Arizona and Baylor.
Virginia has the nation's fifth-highest team batting average, .324. TCU (.272) ranks 153rd. Dallas Baptist, the regional's No. 3 seed, has a .304 average and has hit 84 home runs.
And whoever survives the TCU regional gets another NCAA prize, a possible Super Regional matchup against a hard-hitting Arkansas team that reached the SEC tournament's title game. (The Razorbacks, by the way, have an easier regional than TCU).
The answer is a clear one: Seed all 64 teams, same as basketball. It's not going to hurt Texas Southern's or Maryland-Baltimore County's (23-23 record) feelings.
A team ranked No. 6 in the national polls shouldn't have to face the No. 12 team in what amounts to the first round. Nor should a team get to host its first three or four games, just because its campus is convenient for three other teams.
It's been reported that the NCAA has discussed seeding its baseball championships and a favorable vote is expected one day. But that isn't going to help this year's block party pairings.
Parents, families and avid fans will travel for postseason competitions. College basketball and even volleyball and lacrosse have proven that.
But ever try to fly to Omaha? It's expensive. There aren't a lot of flights. And the hotels jack up prices for the College World Series.
The NCAA must be too busy saving money in Clemson to notice.
By Francisco Salazar
Diego and Jessie Magdaleno may have fans amongst family, friends, and those who follow boxing.
Amongst those people, they do not have to look very hard to find who their number one fan is, though.
Diego and Jessie not only train alongside each other, but they cheer for each other's success like no other. It is a refreshing sign to see, considering boxing and family members have not been a good mix in recent years.
Both will cheer each other on in person tonight when they will headline a Top Rank card at the C. Robert Lee Center in Hawaiian Gardens, CA. In the main event, Diego Magdaleno will fight Jorge Pazos in a scheduled 10 round junior lightweight bouts.
In the co-feature eight round bouts, unbeaten super bantamweight Jessie Magdaleno will fight hard-hitting Roberto Castaneda.
Both bouts will air live on the Spanish-language UniMas network at 12PM ET/ 11PM CT and on tape-delay at 11PM PT.
For those keeping score, Saturday night will be the sixth time Diego and Jessie have fought on the same card as professional prizefighters. As in the case with any set of siblings, there could be a case of one-upmanship between the two when they fight on the same card. They do it to motivate one another, where each sets the tone for the other to do as well or better than the other.
“We go out and set the standard for each other,” Diego Magdaleno told Boxingscene.com in a telephone interview earlier this week. “We set the tone for each other when we fight on the same card.”
Jessie Magdaleno agrees.
“It's that extra motivation that we get from each other. We train hard and it's something that we like to do.
While each gets a kick out of fighting on a card such as tonight, both have relished in training alongside one another in Indio, CA. Joel Diaz, who has become one of boxing's best trainers in the last couple of years, trains them both.
Within the last year of working with Diaz, both Magdaleno brothers believe that they have become better fighters.
“I've improved a great deal since working with Diaz,” said Jessie, who is the younger of the two brothers at 23 years of age. “My defense has improved and my punches are much tighter.”
While Jessie Magdaleno is eyeing a world title opportunity at the end of this year or at the start of next year, brother Diego is confident they will become a world champion very soon.
While they had a setback in April, dropping a 12 round split decision against Roman “Rocky” Martinez, they do not see any result other than winning a world title in 2014.
“I'm not stopping until I win that world title. I was unsuccessful in my first attempt, but I'm going to stay at 130 pounds until I win that title. Then I'll think about a move up to 135 pounds.”
Whether both or one of the Magdaleno brothers will become a world titleholder remains to be seen. They have the physical tools, a solid trainer, and an influential manager in Frank Espinoza.
The important thing is that they have each other and will support one another, through the good and the bad.
Becoming a world champion to them means a lot, but family and togetherness means everything.
Francisco A. Salazar has written for Boxingscene.com since September of 2012 and has covered boxing in Southern California and abroad since 2000. They also cover boxing for the Ventura County (CA) Star newspaper, Knockout Nation, and RingTV. They could be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter at FSalazarBoxing
From IFRR
Local elections often have a greater effect on our lives than the big national elections. All K-12 public schools are governed by local school boards that have great influence over our children's education. Most police, fire, and emergency services are provided by city or county governments. Despite their critical importance, most local elections have very poor voter participation and turnout.
Though this site cannot directly drive voter turnout, we believe that an informed electorate will be more active and make better choices. Our role is to make election information readily available to anyone looking for it.
There are over 500 election districts in Colorado at many levels including federal, state, city, county, school board, judicial and rural electric. We have divided our site into those main divisions.
Contact us to pass along info or to ask how to become a volunteer researcher.
Our 2019-2020 Research Priorities (See where you can help too!)
2019 Elections
2020 Elections
Recent Elections
2018 Caucuses
2018 Caucus Process in Colorado. Dates, rules, purposes, etc.
2018 Spring Elections
2018 Elections Portal (includes municipal offices and special districts)
2018 Fall Elections
2018 Elections in Colorado.
2017 Elections
Governments and Officials in Colorado
Information on government organization, current office holders and demographics.
About the Colorado Elections project
Because civic knowledge is vital to our communities!
The people behind the Colorado Election Project
How we research local elections (plus links to demo pages for Wiki Editors)
See where we immediately need assistance
Please tell us anything we are missing in Missing Information.
How can you help with this? Sign up with IFRR and send a message here to the Wiki team.
Anything you have that we've missed or wish to express feedback, email us: colorado-elections-wiki@googlegroups.com
Anamorphic lenses were introduced for filmmaking in the 1950's to create an immersive, panoramic experience intended to compete with the widespread adoption of television. In addition to a wide aspect ratio, the anamorphic aesthetic is characterized by horizontal flares, distortion that creates a unique sense of depth or dimensionality, and oval "bokeh" or blur for out-of-focus areas. For these artistic reasons, anamorphic filmmaking has been enjoying a decades-long renaissance. However, due to the complexity and expense of the optics involved, anamorphic lenses are not readily available to most independent filmmakers. We believe there are stories best told with an anamorphic aesthetic, so we have developed an affordable 1.33x Anamorphic Adapter specifically for the iPhone 5/5S.
How does the Moondog Labs 1.33x Anamorphic Adapter work? The built-in iPhone camera captures a 16:9 aspect ratio in video mode, like this:
Nominal iPhone video capture format, 16:9 aspect ratio
Shooting with the 1.33x Anamorphic Adapter optically “squeezes” a 33% wider scene onto the sensor, creating a raw image that looks like this (note the wider view, but thinner looking objects):
Raw anamorphic video capture before "de-squeeze"
When you restore or "de-squeeze" your video to the proper scaling in software, your final video looks like this:
Anamorphic video after de-squeeze, 2.4:1 aspect ratio
The Anamorphic Adapter works the same way for still photographic mode, transforming the native 4:3 aspect ratio to panoramic 16:9.
Native 4:3 photo format:
Nominal iPhone photo capture format, 4:3 aspect ratio
Shot with our 1.33x Anamorphic Adapter and de-squeezed to full 16:9:
Anamorphic photo after de-squeeze, 16:9 aspect ratio
There are many free or paid software packages available to de-squeeze video or still images created with an anamorphic lens – for example Final Cut Pro or Handbrake for video, and Adobe Photoshop or GIMP for still images. For the best workflow, we are working with FiLMiC Pro to incorporate a 1.33x anamorphic de-squeeze in their first quarter 2014 release for full in-app compatibility with the Anamorphic Adapter. To help you through the de-squeezing process, we will post simple instructions on our website and link to them here on our Kickstarter project page.
The Moondog Labs Anamorphic Adapter beautifully exhibits the wide aspect ratio and the classic horizontal purple flares and distortion that are characteristic of vintage anamorphic lenses. Unfortunately, the short focal length lenses used in mobile phone cameras lack the shallow depth of field needed to create significant bokeh in most situations, including the oval bokeh traditionally associated with anamorphic lenses.
Technical Specifications
1.33x afocal anamorphic adapter
Expands camera horizontal field of view (FOV) by 33%; vertical FOV is unchanged
Increases video aspect ratio from 16:9 to 2.4:1 (with software de-squeeze)
Increases still image aspect ratio from 4:3 to 16:9 (with software de-squeeze)
Compatible with iPhone 5/5S
Precision all-glass optical design
Single layer anti-reflection coatings
Precision CNC-machined aluminum housing
Secure clamping attachment mechanism, compatible with screen protectors
Mass: 49.4 grams (1.74 oz)
Overall dimensions: 32 x 26 x 38.5 mm (21.32 max. extension from iPhone)
Patent pending design
Designed & assembled in the United States
Compatible with Glif™ tripod mount
Our third-generation protoypes shown on the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5
Reward Options
We have early-bird pricing reward levels, and all Kickstarter backers will receive a significant price break compared to the expected retail price of the Anamorphic Adapter, so check out the reward levels in the right sidebar.
Holiday Gifting - If you are a thoughtful gift-giver planning to share an Anamorphic Adapter with some lucky filmmaker or photographer for the holidays, we will have a professional photo gift card describing the Anamorphic Adapter available for download so that you can print it and wrap it in time for holiday giving.
Product Status & Kickstarting Production
Based on our experience with camera lens design for photography and filmmaking, we started exploring this concept in 2011. We have assembled and tested several prototype versions of the Anamorphic Adapter to refine the final product design presented here. We are confident that we have a great design that is robust for production. We have vetted domestic and international suppliers for quality and capability of each component, and have qualified sample quantities from them. The Anamorphic Adapter will be assembled in Rochester, NY by our experienced optical manufacturing and assembly partner with components from both domestic and international suppliers. We would love to be 100% U.S. sourced, but the economics of making an affordable Anamorphic Adapter require international sourcing for some components.
Project funding will go toward component tooling and assembly process fixtures that will allow us to scale from small quantities to production, and will also go directly toward buying components in volume to build units for our backers.
Background
Anamorphic Format (Wikipedia)
Films Shot Anamorphically (Wikipedia)
The Changing Shape of Cinema: The History of Aspect Ratio (FilmmakerIQ)
Everything You Need to Know to Start Shooting Anamorphic (NoFilmSchool)
The EOSHD Anamorphic Shooter's Guide (EOSHD)
Video soundtrack by Aled Roberts Music
US jets carried out dozens of airstrikes on Al-Qaeda targets in Yemen overnight and in the past 48 hours in one of the lengthiest, sustained operations inside the conflict-torn Arab country, Yemeni officials and residents said Friday.
According to the officials, the strikes focused on a triangle-shaped mountainous region where three Yemeni provinces meet: Bayda, Shabwa, and Abyan.
Casualty figures have been slow to emerge but officials said seven alleged al-Qaeda militants were killed in the strikes on Thursday.
A senior Yemeni official described the strikes as 'open-ended' and said they raised questions about the objectives of such an operation.
According to Yemeni officials, the strikes focused on a triangle-shaped mountainous region where three Yemeni provinces meet: Bayda, Shabwa, and Abyan
Residents in Shabwa said the strikes hit the town of Wadi Yabsham, where Saad Atef, the No. 2 figure in Yemen's Al-Qaeda branch, is living.
The residents and officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to talk to journalists.
Sadek al-Jaouf, a Bayada tribal leader, told The Associated Press that houses were bombed in Yakla district - the site of a US special operations' raid two months ago in which a Navy SEAL was killed, six American soldiers were wounded and a US military aircraft suffered a hard landing and had to be destroyed.
In the ground operation, a total of 25 Yemenis were killed, including 10 children, drawing criticism by international rights groups and calls for an inquiry.
Al-Jaouf added that the top tribal figure, Abdel-Elah al-Dhahab, whose brothers were accused of links to al-Qaeda and were killed in the January raid, survived the latest strikes.
On Thursday, Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesperson, said the latest strikes were aimed at degrading the group's ability to 'coordinate external terror attacks' and to limit its use of Yemen as a 'safe space for terror plotting.'
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, as the Yemen affiliate is known, has long been seen as the global network's most dangerous branch, and has been implicated in a number of attempted attacks on the US homeland.
The group has recently exploited the chaos of Yemen's civil war, which pits Shiite Houthi rebels and allied army units against a Saudi-led coalition battling to restore the internationally recognized government.
Strong encryption in the age of terrorism has quickly become a major part of the debate on how safe we are. Intelligence agencies are saying strong encryption they can't crack will result in more terrorist attacks. ISIS is encouraging its followers to use encrypt communication, but it hasn't been proven that ISIS has actually ever utilized encrypted technology to commit an act of terrorism.
Nevertheless, more and more tech giants such as Apple and Google have strong encryption technology in the pipeline that will soon be available to everyone. Because of this, our government and nearly all of our presidential candidates are encouraging these tech companies to create and allow access to secret backdoors within their future encryption technologies.
Jeb Bush said stronger encryption makes it harder to catch “evil doers”. Hillary Clinton went further saying in a recent debate a “Manhattan-like Project” is needed to create encryption that allows for government access to backdoors.
Except this is the polar opposite of what needs to be done. Hillary's proposal doesn't help anything because the idea itself is flawed. An idea that actually shows their ignorance to the overall situation.
There is one presidential candidate who's not entrenched in the idea that increasing government surveillance and decreasing privacy in the name of counterterrorism is a good idea. Bernie Sanders has a track record of defending America's right to privacy.
Sanders has been an opponent of the mass surveillance programs for some time. They voted against the original Patriot Act. They voted against the USA Freedom Act of 2015, which essentially continued an expiring Patriot Act. Both times they voted no on the grounds we are moving closer and closer towards an Orwellian society. It's a breath of fresh air to a see a candidate with the foresight and wisdom to know that increasing mass surveillance on the American people is a very, very poor idea.
Calling for more access to your communications is to blame technology. Don't blame technology though, blame the concept. Adding back doors does not add security no matter how much you try. It just adds another point of entry for attackers. When the NSA created its own encryption system known as “key escrow”, it failed. Within a year the NSA backdoor was found to be flawed and anyone could bypass it.
When asked how we can ensure government access in terror investigations while still upholding privacy, many tech experts say there is no middle ground. It is either all or nothing.
The trade-off becomes weakening your safety or the government keeps chipping away at your privacy. Simple as that. But consider the track record of intelligence agencies and their massive surveillance programs. In 2013 a White House panel found no evidence the NSA's telephone record collection program known as Section 215, first revealed by Edward Snowden, had thwarted any terrorist attacks.
We've become so accustomed to the modern age of government surveillance, yet nearly every Presidential candidate hasn't asked, is this too much? Only Bernie has taken pause.
With all the eaves dropping already in place and ongoing, we are still being told it's not enough. What's ironic, we are being told more backdoors are needed in technology Americans can secure on their own. Many Americans don't realize they can secure their own communications far greater than they already are with some tutoring and more education on the part of our government and tech companies.
Even so, every presidential candidate except one is demanding our tech companies to sacrifice their security measures, dial back their encryption, so to help our government thwart terror attacks. The problem isn't strong encryption, it might be an issue far more alarming. Our intelligence agencies aren't doing a stellar job of preventing attacks.
It is deeply troubling to think every single presidential candidate except for Bernie Sanders continues to insist for more eyes and peepholes into our lives even though such a strategy has proven not to work.
Sam Lagana of Columbus is currently an undergrad at Ohio University studying computer security
By Edward Chaykovsky
Trainer Freddie Roach is not convinced that Juan Manuel Marquez is a natural fighter. BoxingScene.com posted photos last week of Marquez, who looked very muscular, bulked up and cut. At 39-years-old, Marquez's body looks better than it ever has in the past. Next Saturday at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Marquez will challenge Roach's fighter Manny Pacquiao for a fourth time.
Roach is suspicious because Marquez's strength and conditioning coach is Angel "Memo'' Hernandez, who once supplied illegal performance enhancing drugs to track stars Marion Jones and Tim Montgomery. Marquez started working with Hernandez before the third fight with Pacquiao a year ago. In their third meeting, Marquez was moving up by two weight division but easily withstood all of Pacquiao's punches and often stood toe to toe with the Filipino star.
"If [his body] is natural, I will kiss their ass,'' Roach told USA Today. "[Marquez] has gotten bigger and gained weight — it throws up a red flag. I've been accused so many times of my fighters being on steroids (that) I hate to accuse other people. But it is part of our life, part of the world we live in,'' Roach said.
While Roach has their own thoughts, Pacquiao's conditioning coach, Alex Ariza, is friends with Hernandez and does not believe there are any illegal activities going on.
"Memo is brilliant — I don't have any suspicions. When you get someone like that who knows the science of exercise and nutrition . . . well, we saw a whole different fighter when they fought Manny last time. It's not because (trainer) Nacho Beristain is teaching (Marquez) something new. It is because Memo now has Marquez's confidence. They have done things to their body. They have taken a good fighter at 39 and completely evolved him," Ariza told USA Today.
Roach claims that they wanted both boxers to take part in random drug testing, but Top Rank was not on board. Top Rank CEO's Bob Arum told the paper that neither side ever made a request for random testing.
The closest view I have ever had of a bar fight happened when I was in grad . The hockey playoffs were going on, and a group of us went to a crowded bar to watch a game. We were sitting at a table near the bar. Late in the game, a group of people walked through the crowd when the goaltender made a great save. In the cheering for the goalie's great reflexes, one of the people walking got pushed into someone standing at the bar, knocking over the guy's drink. They probably didn't need that next drink, because they turned and punched the person who fell into him, and it took about 5 minutes to separate the two of them after that.
In a normal situation, the drunk fan at the bar might have realized that the person walking behind them did not intentionally fall into him. In a crowded bar, people get jostled. But after a few drinks, this power of reasoning seems to evaporate.
This issue was explored in a paper in the October 2010 issue of and Social Psychology Bulletin by Laurent Begue, Brad Bushman, Peter Giancola, Baptiste Subra, and Evelyn Rosset.
The authors had men participate in a study in which they evaluated some drinks and also performed some other judgments. Half of the men were told that the drinks were going to have in them, and the other half were told that they would not. Half of each of these groups was assigned to have a drink that actually had alcohol in it while the other had a drink with no alcohol. This design allows the researchers to separate the effects of believing you are going to drink from the effects of actually being drunk.
The men who drank alcohol were given enough to drink to get their blood alcohol level to about 0.10%, which is the level at which many states use to say that someone is driving drunk.
After the drinks, the men evaluated 50 sentences that described actions. Critically, 20 of these sentences described actions like "He deleted the email" that could be done either intentionally or accidently.
The results of this study suggest that both your beliefs about whether you are going to drink and your consumption of alcohol affect your judgments of blame. People who thought they were going to drink judged the same proportion of the sentences as being intentional whether they drank alcohol or not. However, people who did not think they were going to drink were far more likely to say that an action was intentional rather than accidental when they had alcohol than when they did not.
This result suggests that both alcohol and beliefs about drinking make you more likely to blame others for their actions rather than recognizing the effects of the situation on people's actions.
Before thinking a bit about what this result might mean, I do want to express one frustration with this research paper. The overall pattern of data is pretty clear that the effect of alcohol on blame depends on whether you think you are going to drink. However, when the statistical analysis was done, the overall difference between those who drank and those who did not achieve the level of statistical reliability normally used for these kinds of studies. The statistical interaction between alcohol and beliefs about whether you are going to drink missed that level of reliability by .02. The authors treated this result as if the beliefs about drinking had no effect on judgments. That is unfortunate.
Ok, why do these results matter?
One effect of alcohol is that it can reduce your ability to control your actions. You might never get into a fistfight with someone under normal circumstances, but still end up hitting them if you have had too much to drink. If you combine that tendency with an increased tendency to want to blame someone for their actions just by being in in which alcohol is present, then you can see why parties with alcohol can get out of control. This tendency may also make couples more likely to fight if they have been drinking, because they may be more prone to view actions taken by their partner as intentional.
Follow me on Twitter.
On the surface, Aaron Gordon looked injury-free Monday. They ran on a treadmill inside the Orlando Magic weight room. They sprinted up and down the court as they dribbled a basketball. And after it all ended, their sweat soaked a gray sweatshirt.
Underneath the surface, however, Gordon is recovering from their second concussion in the last 20 months.
“You always want to be cautious, especially if it's something to your head,” Gordon said after they finished running early Monday afternoon.
“It's dangerous. Concussions are dangerous — anything with the brain. But I feel better, so I'm going through the concussion protocol and we'll see if I can get back. But there's no rush. Orlando does a great job of taking care of me, making sure that my health and safety is first and foremost, so I appreciate them. But, no, I'm not a go-slow type of guy.”
Not at all.
Gordon said they hope to pass all of the tests in the NBA's concussion protocol before their injury-ravaged team plays its next game on Wednesday against the Los Angeles Clippers.
An NBA player may not return from a concussion until they complete a series of progressively more strenuous physical tests and remains symptom-free during and after each test. On Sunday, Gordon pedaled a stationary bike. On Monday afternoon, they ran extensively. Once a player practices with teammates, members of the team's medical staff must consult with an independent neurologist before the player can be cleared to play in a game again.
Gordon, the Magic's leading scorer, understands concussions all too well.
They estimated they have suffered four or five concussions throughout their life, dating to their days playing youth-league football. When they were in middle school, they said, they fell out of the bleachers, landed on their head and sustained a severe concussion.
Their brother, Drew, a professional basketball player overseas, has suffered five or six concussions, Gordon said. Their sister, Elise, sustained several concussions during their basketball career, Gordon said.
On Friday, their family was watching on TV as the Magic played the Denver Nuggets. That night Gordon collided face-first into the left shoulder of Nuggets guards Gary Harris.
Gordon remained in the game for five minutes after the hit, and members of Gordon's family thought they looked a bit off, like they were seeing stars. What they didn't know at the time, Gordon said, was that Gordon forgot a couple of the plays the Magic intended to run — a signal to Gordon that they aren't OK.
The 22-year-old forward said they later experienced tooth numbness, a headache and “fogginess” that felt “almost like a dream state.”
Nikola Vucevic, one of Gordon's teammates, has suffered two concussions during their Magic tenure. The more severe concussion caused them to miss 12 games during the 2013-14 season.
Now, Vucevic hopes Gordon is honest with the doctors about their symptoms and doesn't rush back before they feel completely healthy.
A concussion, Vucevic cautioned, isn't like an ankle injury where a player feels a distinct twinge whenever they walk or sees that the ankle is swollen.
With a concussion, the symptoms aren't always clear.
“You don't really know, so you have to be really careful to make sure that you're honest with the doctor because your brain is your everything,” Vucevic said Monday. “If you mess that up, you're done.”
Gordon said they feel fine now.
“I'm showing no symptoms,” Gordon said. “I feel good. So I'll leave it up to the doctors.”
jrobbins@orlandosentinel.com. Read their blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/magicblog and follow them on Twitter at @JoshuaBRobbins.
Winning Over a Shy Bunny
by Dana Krempels, Ph.D.
One of the most common misconceptions people have about rabbits is that they like to be held and cuddled. This is probably because they look like plush toys. Unfortunately, many people buy rabbits without realizing the true nature of rabbits, and that's one of the main reason these lovely, intelligent creatures are "dumped" shortly after they reach sexual maturity and begin to assert their strong personalities.
You are distressed that the bunny does not like to be held. Consider for a moment, however, the natural history of the rabbit. This is a ground-dwelling animal that is a prey item for many predators. It is completely against the nature of the rabbit to be held far above the ground where it cannot control its own motions and activities. When you force them to be held against them will, you reinforce their instinctive notion that you are a predator who is trying to restrain them Holding them while they struggle and kicks is not only dangerous for you and the children (You may have noticed their sharp claws by now!), but also for the rabbit. I wish I didn't know how many young rabbits come into our vet's office with broken legs, necks and spines because people insisted on carrying them around and handling them against their will. If you love your bunny, you won't do this.
Think about it: if your dog or cat didn't like to be carried around, you probably would not force the issue. Why treat your bunny any differently, simply because of their superficially "toylike" appearance? To understand rabbit behavior, you have to begin to think like a rabbit!
First, buy yourself a copy of The House Rabbit Handbook by Marinell Harriman. It's the most accurate book about rabbits available today.
Second, remember that a rabbit, unlike a dog or cat, evolved as a prey species. Dogs and cats are predators, and most do not have a natural fear of being held. Reinforcing this natural tendency, breeders have selected generation upon generation of domestic dogs and cats so that their descendants have a short "flight distance". This means that domestic dogs and cats are generally not afraid of humans.
Domestic rabbits are very different in this respect. For centuries, rabbits have been bred primarily for meat, fur and physical characteristics. That means that when you adopt a rabbit, you adopt a beautiful animal with domesticated physical features--and the heart and spirit of a wild animal. It is much more challenging to win the trust of this kind of sensitive, intelligent creature than it is to win the heart of a puppy or kitten, who has been bred to trust you from birth.
Most rabbits are naturally shy. It is up to you, the flexible human, to compromise and alter your behavior so that the bunny understands that you are a friend.
Following are a few steps you can take to win your shy rabbit's trust.
1. You and bunny should be together in a private, quiet room. No other pets. No distractions.
2. Have a little treat, such as a carrot or a tiny piece of apple, banana or a little pinch of oats in your hand. (These foods are only for small treats! Rabbits fed a diet with too much digestible carbohydrate are excellent candidates for serious gastrointestinal disorders!)
3. Lie on your tummy on the floor and let the bunny out of their "safe haven" (hutch). It's quite crucial that this hutch have a door that is accessible to the rabbit so that you don't have to lift them when you take them out or put them back in. The bunny should have absolute freedom to choose when they come out. Don't force the issue. The bunny's natural curiosity will bring them to you.
4. Don't expect your bunny to approach you right away. Remain quiet and patient, even if it takes an hour or more. Rabbits are naturally curious, and eventually, they will come over to sniff you.
5. Resist the temptation to reach out and pat the bunny. Instead, let them sniff you, hop on you and just get to know your smell. This will teach them that you are not a threat.
6. If the bunny finds the treat you have, hold it while they nibble.
7. Do this every day. Gradually, you can start to touch the bunny by giving them a gentle "scritch" on the forehead (bunnies love this!). Never force anything, and never chase the bunny. This will only undo all the patient sitting you have done to gain their trust. A rabbit does not generally like to play "chase" with an animal that is thirty times their size. It is simply not natural behavior for him, and it is not a sign of low intelligence!
8. As the bunny gradually becomes less shy, you can become more familiar with him, stroking their back, letting them lie with their side pressed against your arm...whatever feels comfortable and natural to both of you. Many rabbits seem to find a face less threatening than a hand. Your bunny may gladly allow you to give them a warm "nose nuzzle" (especially if you hum very low and soft; this is the way rabbits sometimes communicate among themselves), even if they won't let your hand come close.
9. Once the bunny learns that you are a friend, they will bond very strongly to you. It's important to have them neutered (or them spayed, if it's a girl) once s/he reaches sexual maturity, because otherwise s/he'll want to make love to everything, including you--whatever appendages happen to be within reach. Spay/neuter will stop this behavior, and it will eliminate the very real risk of reproductive tract cancers in females. Spay/neuter will also make litterbox training easier and more reliable. Be sure you have this done by a veterinarian who is very experienced with rabbits! If you do not know of an experienced "rabbit vet" near you, please check the House Rabbit Society Veterinary Referral Center.
Try to see the world through your bunny's eyes. Put yourself in their place. No one speaks their "language", they have been taken from their family and perhaps the only home they have ever known, and they have no idea whether you plan to love her, cage them forever, or eat her! You need to gradually and patiently earn their trust. It can take days, weeks or months, and depends on the personality of the individual rabbit.
Rather than being disappointed that the rabbit is not what you expected (it is quite possible that they will never learn to like to be held), take this opportunity to teach your children respect for an animal who is different from them, who has different needs, perceptions and behaviors than a dog or cat, and who is NOT a casual plaything. If the children really want something to carry around, they need a stuffed toy--not a live rabbit.
Finally, remember that the ultimate responsiblity for the rabbit's welfare belongs to the adults in the household--not the children. Most human children are pretty well into their late teens before they truly understand the necessity of constant, devoted care to another sentient life form. This can be your opportunity to get an early start in teaching them that all-important life lesson.
Your rabbit is a highly intelligent, potentially loving, loyal creature who can become a member of the family, if you allow them to be what they are-- a rabbit! If you and all your family can do that, you are in for the most delightful companionship imaginable.
Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn will star in HBO's “True Detective” Season 2, as previously reported by TheWrap.
Additionally, Justin Lin will direct the first two episodes, which was also not entirely an industry secret. HBO confirmed the casting and directing news on Tuesday in a press release.
Also read: ‘What's the Deal?' 7 Actresses Vying to Star in ‘True Detective' (Exclusive)
Season 2 will focus on three police officers and a career criminal navigating a web of conspiracy in the aftermath of a murder.
Colin Farrell will play Ray Velcoro, a compromised detective whose allegiances are torn between their masters in a corrupt police department and the mobster who owns him. Vince Vaughn will play Frank Semyon, a career criminal in danger of losing their empire when their move into legitimate enterprise is upended by the murder of a business partner.
Additional casting news is to come. Taylor Kitsch and Rachel McAdams are also frontrunners to join Season 2.
Also read: Colin Farrell in Talks for ‘True Detective' Season 2; Taylor Kitsch Also Eyed
The eight episode hour-long drama is set to begin production later this fall in California.
“True Detective” is created and written by Nic Pizzolatto.
#1047: “How do I talk to my future roommate about their homophobic comments & behaviors?”
Dear Captain Awkward,
How is a good way to let a friend know that their mildly homophobic comments are hurtful to me before I move in with her?
My friend Ella would probably be offended if they knew their comments come across as ‘othering' to me (I'm a bisexual woman, not yet fully out to her, and only newly out to myself). Nonetheless, the things they say make me feel I can't be fully myself around them
When Ella heard I'd been on a date with a woman, they grilled me about my sexuality at a point I was feeling uncertain myself and unready to talk.
Now when we go clubbing, Ella will grind up against me, pant against me and generally invade my personal space in a way I don't like while looking at all the men near us. It makes me feel like she's trying to ‘put on a show' to attract men, and I don't like being a part of it.
Ella has often said things that make me think they view sexuality as very binary – a female friend of ours was once in a three year relationship with a woman, and is now with a man. Ella immediately dismissed the previous relationship as “just experimenting”.
Ella has low self esteem and is dealing with anxiety right now, which is why they want me to live with them She's a nice person and I think it could be really fun to live together, but not if these things that make me uncomfortable continue.
How can I respectfully and kindly assert what I need, Captain Awkward?
Sincerely yours,
Not in Kansas anymore
Dear Not In Kansas:
I've read and heard a lot of accounts of newly-out bisexual and gay women who become the creepy object of their straight female friends' curiosity and ignorance, so, you're depressingly not alone here. None of this is your fault! Just know, it's okay to shut it down and shut it down hard.
Please, if you take nothing else away from this post today, I strongly suggest that you put the brakes on the process of becoming Ella's roommate. Whatever good qualities they have as a friend, the two of you are a bad mix right now. Until and unless you can be really clear with them about boundaries and trust them 100% not to do and say homophobic stuff around you, they are not the roommate for you. Don't move in with someone who steamrolls you and makes you feel like you can't ask for things you need!
Your scripts for Ella could be:
“We need to clear some stuff up if we're going to keep talking about becoming roommates.”
“I'm pretty sure I'm bisexual. I'm still figuring it out for myself, and it's been hard for me to come out to you before now because of [above-described comments and behaviors].”
“I don't like it when you grind on me in the club and try to put on a show. Please don't touch me like that when we're dancing.”
“That's not how bisexuality works.” (re: their comments on the female friend and “experimentation”)
“If you want to do some reading about bisexuality, here you go: https://biresource.org/bisexuality-101/. I don't want to be grilled about my dates or be your specimen for educational purposes.” You're not their identity tutor!
“I know we've talked about living together but I think it's not the right decision for me. I'm going to get my own place/stay where I am.“
None of these scripts are rude or unkind. They are reasonable responses to the gross ways they are behaving. A good person who is your friend will be embarrassed, mortified, and apologetic. They will not try to defend or justify the behaviors. Most importantly, they will not do the gross things again.
I hope you can find some some room to figure out your identity without the scrutiny (& performative dance-groping, ugh!!!!!!!) of Ella. Please be good to yourself. And please reconsider this living situation. If I were to make a flow chart of “should you become roommates with this person?,” “They do weird touching stuff that makes me uncomfortable” would definitely lead to “Do not live with.”
Obama's most likely Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, continues to rate as a “generic Republican.” In fact, they now score at exactly 50 on the 100-point scale from centrist to extremist. That means an election against Romney, like Bush's against Kerry, would mostly be dictated by the fundamentals of the economy and by evaluations of Obama's job performance. With 2.5 percent G.D.P. growth from now through November, Obama would be a 60 percent favorite to win the popular vote.
The popular vote is one thing, however. The Electoral College is another — and Romney could have more vulnerabilities there.
In recent weeks, Obama has taken a more populist approach (just read the transcript of their State of the Union address). The strategy has induced more howls than usual from Republicans about “class warfare,” but the White House has clearly studied the numbers. In the Republican primaries, Romney has had trouble winning the loyalty of working-class voters, especially in the Midwest. And recent polls suggest that Romney, who has a penchant for making intemperate comments that draw attention to their wealth, could struggle among that group in the general election as well.
So let's conduct a thought experiment. Suppose that against Romney, Obama does 10 points better among white voters whose households make less than $50,000 per year. The trade-off is that they do 10 points worse among whites making $100,000 or more and 15 points worse among whites making at least $200,000.
In terms of the popular vote, this would almost exactly balance out. The effect would be more substantial, however, in individual states.
In wealthy Virginia, Obama would lose a net of 2.5 percentage points to Romney under these rules, according to the demographics from the 2008 exit poll there. They would also be harmed by 2.7 points in Colorado. And Romney would have a chance of putting New Jersey into play, because they would gain four full points there. (The Chris-Christie-for-V.P. train will be departing from Platform 1.)
Moreover, Obama would have relatively few states that they might flip to blue. Missouri is one exception: the 3.9-point boost they would see there outweighs their narrow margin of defeat in 2008. Obama would also gain 5.8 points in Montana, which would have been enough for them to beat John McCain.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Obama doesn't need to win many new states. Their challenge will be in holding the ones that might turn red. And pursuing a populist strategy against Romney could put them at a big advantage.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Consider the Midwest. By trading votes among wealthy whites for more among working-class ones, Obama would bolster their margins in Ohio, Wisconsin, Iowa and Michigan. Indiana, a state that otherwise looks like a very tough hold for Obama, also contains a high percentage of working-class whites, and they could gain a few points there.
Their chances of winning North Carolina, where they sneaked by with fewer than 15,000 votes last time, would go up as well. The same goes for the 2nd congressional district in Nebraska, and Oregon and Maine, two states that are less upscale than their coastal brethren and that have been competitive in the past, would be easier holds.
Conversely, none of the 22 states that John McCain carried in 2008 would be bolstered meaningfully under this situation. Most of those states are securely Republican to begin with; the few exceptions, like Georgia and Arizona, contain about as many working-class whites as wealthy ones.
All told, there are 101 electoral votes in swing states that Obama could either put into play or make more secure under the populist paradigm — well more than the 36 they might lose among Virginia, Colorado and New Jersey.
The reason for the imbalance is that most wealthy whites do not live in swing states but in enclaves that the sociologist Charles Murray calls SuperZIPs. Most of these are in states like New York, California, Maryland and Massachusetts that are very far from being competitive. (There are also a significant number of SuperZIPs in the Dallas and Houston metro areas in Texas, but Obama probably wasn't going to win the Lone Star State anyway.)
But what if Rick Santorum were to steal the Republican nomination away from Romney? After their sweep of the contests in Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri on Feb. 7, they look like a more viable candidate — one who doesn't seem as beholden to the 1 percent as Romney does. They have been successful at making Obama's supposed elitism a theme of their campaign. And they are more conservative on social policy than on fiscal policy, which runs against the consensus view in the Virginia and New Jersey suburbs but puts them in line with the preferences of middle-income voters in the center of the country.
Still, Santorum, who rates as a 68 on the ideology scale (the same as a less-plausible nominee, Newt Gingrich), would probably be weaker than Romney in the popular vote. According to the model, Obama would be a 77 percent favorite to win the popular vote against Santorum given 2.5 percent G.D.P. growth.
Republicans wouldn't care about that, however, if Santorum carried Ohio and Michigan — and perhaps even their home state, Pennsylvania — places where economic concerns tend to take precedence. Under these conditions, in fact, Republicans might be able to win the Electoral College while losing the popular vote.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I am not quite ready to suggest that Santorum would be a better nominee than Romney. But the electability gap between the two is closer than it might appear because of the way Santorum's strengths could play in the Electoral College. At the very least, they might force a reset of the White House's strategy — from one focused on the 99 percent to one more intent on critiquing Santorum's positions on social issues.
Whichever strategy the Obama folks settle on, though, they'll be acting from a place of relative strength — so long as the economic numbers remain decent. If the economy tips backward toward recession because of the situation in Europe or tensions in the Middle East, Obama would go right back to being an underdog against either Romney or Santorum.
So, who wants to bet on there being nine months of no bad news?
About This Content Contains the full 5th Edition rules book for Shadowrun as a pdf! 480 pages of Shadowrun goodness for an exclusive Shadowrun Chronicles user price!
There are cracks in the world. They're slender, dark, and often cold, but they are the only things that keep you hidden. Keep you alive.
They are the shadows of the world, and they are where you live. You are a shadowrunner, thriving in the margins, doing the jobs no one else can. You have
no office, no permanent home, no background to check. You are whatever you make yourself.
Shadowrun, 5thEdition is the newest version of one of the most popular and successful role-playing worlds of all time—a fusion of man, magic and machine in a
dystopian near-future. With rules for character creation, magic, combat, Matrix hacking, rigging, and more, you have everything you need to face the challenges of the Sixth World.
In the fall the Dallas City Council agreed to give its streets department an additional $16.8 million not to actually fix the streets, but just to try to keep them from getting any worse. Today the council got its first look at how that extra money will be spent -- and where.
Dennis Ware, director of Street Services, told the council their department will spend a total of $40.3 million to tend to 619 lane miles in 2016, a marked increase from the 532 lane miles treated last year.
The plan, said Ware, is to keep the citywide streets satisfaction rating at 74.2 percent -- which is still far, far below the 87 percent satisfactory level the council demanded a decade ago. But as council was told repeatedly in 2015, if the city can just keep the streets from declining further this year, the coming 2017 bond package -- which could top $1 billion -- will address much-needed repairs after years of deferring maintenance.
Different council districts have different needs, Ware said. Some areas need more touch-ups than full-blown repairs. District 1 in North Oak Cliff, for instance, needs more slurry seal than repair, which is why more than half of its 59 miles' worth of 2016 road work will involve the temporary fix that lasts around five to seven years. Meanwhile, White Rock's District 9, which is slated to get 50 miles' worth of treatment in the coming year, needs far more extensive repairs.
Said Ware, their department is merely "trying to adjust our allotments based on need." And that need, they said, is measured every two years using "a machine going up and down the streets all the time." Some ratings are woefully out of date; others, fresh as the New Year's Day pothole.
World Cup Midfielder To Join, Subject To Work Permit
The 27-year-old midfielder, who featured for their country at the World Cup in Brazil, has agreed a one-year deal with an option for a further year.He arrived in England yesterday for a look around Bloomfield Road and went through a medical this afternoon, with the club now awaiting the results.A holding midfielder with 39 caps for the national team, Cubero has spent their career to date with Herediano, barring a brief loan spell with Puntarenas in 2009."I am very happy to sign for Blackpool, it is a dream come true. It is a very nice stadium and it's my first chance to play abroad. It has always been a dream to play in England and grow as a footballer, so it's a great opportunity," Cubero said.He has been allocated the number 22 shirt at Blackpool.
From left: Sarah Leonard, Jonathan Tasini, Kshama Sawant, Brian Lehrer, C. Virginia Fields, and the author at Judson Memorial Church in New York City on Saturday. YouTube
I've tried, at least in public, to avoid the term Bernie bro. I understand why the many women and people of color who are supporting Bernie Sanders for president feel erased by it. I can see why lefty white men feel maligned by the implicit suggestion that they are rejecting Hillary Clinton out of sexism rather than idealism.
Nevertheless, the term gets at a particular flavor of sneering condescension that some of their acolytes show toward many women—and, I have to assume, many people of color—who are skeptical about Sanders. If you want to see what I am talking about, I invite you to watch this clarifying moment from a proxy debate between Clinton supporters and Sanders supporters that I took part in on Saturday.
The event took place at Judson Memorial, a storied radical church on Washington Square, and was hosted by the New York talk radio host Brian Lehrer. About 80 minutes in, C. Virginia Fields, former Manhattan borough president and current president of the National Black Leadership Commission on AIDS, criticized Sanders for their now infamous New York Daily News interview from earlier this month, in which they seemed to have only vague answers about how they proposed to break up large banks. “As a former elected official, if something is the heart and center of your campaign … you at least are expected to have some sense to be able to put forward a plan in leading that discussion,” Fields said.
Now, there's a legitimate argument that Sanders' answers weren't as bad as some pundits claimed. The Roosevelt Institute's Mike Konczal defended Sanders' refusal to offer concrete details, saying, “Breaking up the banks doesn't require, or even benefit from, describing the specifics of how the banks would end up, either for their plans or for the baby steps Dodd-Frank has already taken.” Jonathan Tasini made a rather less convincing version of this argument, saying, “I don't actually think a presidential candidate or a president has to get down into the weeds and know those details.”
But when Fields had the temerity to disagree, Tasini wagged their finger at them like they were a dim child and said, “Virginia, you clearly did not read that interview. And, with respect, I don't think you know anything about the Fed, and you [don't] know anything about banking.” They added that they aren't “comprehending” what Sanders really said.
It is hard for me to imagine Tasini speaking that way to a white man. Some might disagree, and there's probably no way to quantify precise varieties of belittlement. All I can say is that I think many women will recognize it.
Read more Slate coverage of the Democratic primary.
NEW DELHI: The Union cabinet is racing to clear a Muslim quota in central jobs soon in order to beat the enforcement of the model code of conduct that will close the room for major policy decisions in the run-up to the crucial Uttar Pradesh polls.The Centre expects the Election Commission to announce the poll schedule for Punjab and Uttarakhand by December-end. Although there is no clarity on the likely time-frame for the UP contest, the announcement of schedule for other states will bring into force the code of conduct, forbidding the Centre from making important announcements such as the one on job quota for Muslims which is primarily designed for Uttar Pradesh.Sources said the Centre is preparing to carve out a quota for Muslims and other minorities within the 27% OBC quota. The move is crucial for the Congress offensive to woo Muslims for the UP poll, particularly because of indications that support from the community, which helped the party win 22 Lok Sabha seats in 2007, has lately been wavering.The Samajwadi Party , which suffered as a sizeable section of Muslims switched their affection to the Congress, has recouped some of its loss.The emergence of Peace Party as a strong contender for the vote of the community, and its assiduous wooing by chief minister Mayawati , are other spokes in the Congress's plan to replicate its 2007 performance.Indications of an early decision were reinforced on Monday after Muslim leaders from UP told Congress general secretary and the party's spearhead for UP Rahul Gandhi that not delivering on quota after the hype would be counter-productive. "Leave government's job to government," Rahul is learnt to have said in what their audience read as an assurance as well as the lament that party functionaries, while complaining about government, were not active at the grassroots.Union minority affairs minister Salman Khurshid has repeatedly said that a Muslim quota was on its way. The minority affairs ministry has proposed 8.4% minority quota within the 27% OBC quota, of which 6% is likely to be for Muslims.The urgency for major Muslim outreach programme means the Congress has wound up the in-house discussions on the pros and cons of the quota move, its apprehensions revolving around the reaction of Hindus, particularly OBCs. Sources said the leadership was concerned about how the issue would play out among the backward community if the BJP launched a campaign claiming 'Muslim appeasement' would deprive OBCs of 8% share in job quota. The Congress has also been worried about the constitutionality of a reservation scheme which many insist on calling religion-based quota.The 'quota within quota' route will create a sub-quota within the 27% for backwards and earmark it exclusively for Muslims and minorities who would form a sub-group of OBC list.The move seeks to address the grievance that educationally and financially weaker communities are unable to compete with stronger OBCs for reservations and the quota ends up being monopolized by a handful of communities. The grievance is at the core of the growing acceptability of sub-categorization for OBCs.The Centre is also likely to shortly convene a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) to augment the coverage and support for schemes for minority welfare, especially in districts with a sizeable concentration of Muslims.Rahul's meeting with the party's Muslim leaders from UP on Monday was marked by them candidly saying that the Centre's good work for minorities was not percolating down to masses because party leaders were not engaging with them enough. In a milder extension of their tongue-lashing to UP leaders on Friday for their lack of effort on the ground, they urged them to go to town over the Centre's Muslim outreach. The party has already planned an aggressive campaign to win over Muslim support and feels that quota could give it the cutting edge.Rahul said the just-announced package for weavers and student scholarships should be propagated among people to win their support. "What the government has to do, it will do. But you please go to people and talk about UPA 's good work," Rahul reportedly said. Sources said the targeted campaign for Muslims was set to get underway in a week.
With the Dodgers' season winding down to a slow and not so dramatic close, the team will start to look at the playoff roster. While the lineups are set, the bullpen still has some question marks.
Back in late July, the Dodgers' front office searched high and low to find some sort of left-handed relief to aid them down the stretch. With the loss of Grant Dayton for the season along with the injuries to Adam Liberatore, it was clear they would need to search outside of the organization for help.
The result of that search was two acquisitions in the span of just a few hours. The team did some wheeling and dealing to acquire Tony Cingrani from the Reds and Tony Watson from the Pirates. When the two were acquired, they weren't exactly having playoff-caliber seasons themselves. Watson had turned in an earned run average of 3.66 over 47 appearances. Cingrani had similar results, with a 5.40 ERA over 25 appearances out of the bullpen. But sometimes a little competition is all you need to get going, as has been the case with both of them.
Watson got off to a bit of a slow start with the Dodgers but has been lights out over the last month of baseball. In the last 13 games, Watson has only given up one earned run. In those appearances, they tossed 10 1/3 innings, good for a 0.87 earned run average. Watson has only yielded seven hits and walked three in that time span.
Cingrani has experienced much of the same, turning in dominant performances over the last month of work. In their last 13 games, Cingrani has also given up just one earned run. In those games, they threw 12 innings good for a 0.75 earned run average. They have given up eight hits, walking 2 in the process.
So with that, the question remains: Which reliever will have the left-handed reliever role in October? The simple fact is that there may not be room for the both of them in the playoff picture. This is especially true when you consider that one of the starters will probably end up in the bullpen come October. Thus far, the bullpen will certainly consist of Kenley Jansen and a starter. Other than that, the open spots are essentially up for grabs. Brandon Morrow inches closer every day to locking in their roster spot as well as Ross Stripling, who has certainly done well this season enough to make the argument.
If this competition Dave Roberts has created continues to be as productive as it has, it is likely they will consider carrying both into October. But if one is going to falter, it will probably come down to experience. Both men have experience in closing roles, and both men had to give up that role to someone more inclined to the pressure.
In terms of career, Watson carries the better numbers over a similar span. They own a career 2.77 earned run average in 469 games. That compared to Cingrani's 3.99 over 181 games is sure to be worth something. Perhaps the only part that may earn Cingrani a spot over Watson is their numbers against left-handed hitting. Watson has allowed a .274 batting average compared to Cingrani's .246 average.
The two have quietly settled in their role with the Dodgers. It wouldn't surprise me to see both men make the postseason roster, especially when you consider the fact that Roberts may end up moving Maeda to the bullpen. Having multiple left-handers in the bullpen is key to making a long run in October. But if Roberts elects only to keep one, I'd see Watson's experience earning them the role come October.
Bureaucrats don't want Japan to get caught with its pants down the next time toilet paper supplies run short after a natural disaster.
That's why the government is rolling out its latest public-awareness campaign, titled “Let's Stockpile Toilet Paper,” which involves an exhibition on the topic at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, a summit of industry leaders and the sale of specially packaged “emergency use” toilet tissue.
The campaign, conducted in cooperation with the Japan Household Paper Industry Association, is part of METI's “toilet paper supply continuity plan,” which was devised in response to shortages after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami, as well as to the outright hoarding that occurred during the oil shock of the 1970s.
“In addition to the toilet paper that households keep for everyday use, we're recommending that they maintain a stockpile as well,” said Masakazu Kawasaki, deputy director of the ministry's paper industry and consumer goods division.
If the public responds to the campaign by stuffing their closets with spare rolls, it could give a boost to the paper companies, such as Oji Holdings Corp., Nippon Paper Industries Co. and Daio Paper Corp., that make toilet tissue.
Sales of toilet paper have flattened since March, when shoppers hoarded consumer goods ahead of the consumption tax increase, so the METI campaign could revive sales, Toru Sugiura, an analyst with Daiwa Securities Co., said.
Oji Paper has no comment on the campaign, according to an official who asked not to be identified citing company policy. An official at Nippon Paper said the company didn't have an immediate comment. Daio Paper couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
Japan would be especially vulnerable to toilet paper shortages if an earthquake were to hit Shizuoka Prefecture, which produces about 40 percent of the nation's bathroom tissue, METI said in a statement. The area sits in the seismically unstable Tokai region, which experts warn may be due for a major temblor known as “the big one.”
Disasters and world events have caused toilet paper panics in Japan in the past. Fears that paper factories would grind to a halt during the oil crisis of 1973 compelled shoppers to clear store shelves. One 83-year-old shopper broke their leg after being pushed to the floor in a store in western Japan.
More recently, shops sold out of toilet paper, among other consumer staples, after the record earthquake and tsunami of 2011.
The exhibition on the ground floor of the METI building in central Tokyo starts Monday. Visitors will be able to take a look at the emergency toilet paper, which comes without an inner cardboard roll for easier storage.
The ministry's goal is to convince households to have enough toilet paper in reserve to last a month, which is how long it would be expected to take for factories to resume production or sufficient imports to be secured, Kawasaki said.
Every time we look at the little short Z axis of our CNC mill, we think about converting a drill press to a mill. In theory, it seems like it ought to be easy, but we never quite get around to it. [AvE] did get around to it and made their usual entertaining video about it that you can see below. If you haven't seen any of [AvE's] videos before, be warned: there is a little colorful language in a spot or two.
This isn't a CNC mill, by the way, although we suspect you could convert it. Essentially, they add a spindle and an XY table to a Ryobi drill press. It sounds simple, but getting everything to work did take a few tricks, including a blow torch.
Actually, turns out the blow torch didn't really do it, but we won't spoil the final resolution to the problem. Once it was resolved, though, they did manage to do some actual milling, accompanied by some music we wouldn't associate with [AvE].
Although billed as a “poor man's” build, the XY table alone was about $200. So add in the cost of the drill press, the spindle, and the mill and this is still a fair chunk of cash. We'd love to see it compared to a Harbor Freight milling vise. We suspect the Harbor Freight vise might not be as good, but is the difference worth the $130 difference in price?
We've seen this kind of conversion done before without the colorful language. If you do this conversion and want some practice, why not build a magnetic carabiner?
Sign here! 7,000 ballots in Maricopa County have signature issue
More than 7,000 Maricopa County early-ballot voters need to verify the signature on their ballot by 7 p.m. Tuesday or their votes won't count.
These voters either forgot to sign their ballots or their signatures didn't clearly match the signature on the voter rolls, said Elizabeth Bartholomew, a spokesperson for the Maricopa County Recorder's Office.
Check your early-ballot status.
Elections officials will call voters up until polls close at 7 p.m. Tuesday to get them to verify their signature, Bartholomew said. If the signature is questionable, elections officials can ask questions over the phone to verify their identity, such as their address, their Social Security number or other information on the voter-registration form. They do not need to travel to the recorder's office.
AZCENTRAL SURVEY: Take our survey about the 2016 election
Of the voters contacted as of late Monday, 69 percent had signatures that didn't clearly match the signature they submitted when they registered to vote.
For the other 31 percent — 2,288 — those voters forgot to sign their ballot. They need to visit county elections offices in downtown Phoenix and sign their ballot by 7 p.m. if they want their vote to count.
Reach the reporter at maryjo.pitzl@arizonarepublic.com and follow them on Twitter @maryjpitzl
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2fzoCh5
Welcome to the Doctor Who is a Universe, where the only constant is change.
Both the Hollywood Reporter and the Inquisitr have reported that the current incarnation of the Doctor, Peter Capaldi, has signed on for Season 9. The 12th Doctor is ready to assume the controls of the TARDIS, according to McClatchy DC.
“I get up at half-six in the morning,” they say, “and by 7 o'clock I'm fighting Daleks, running down corridors, skipping down ventilation shafts. That's a great way to be living your life at this age, I think.”
Capaldi, now 56, is a bit of a throwback to the original setup of Doctor Who. In the heyday of John Pertwee and Tom Baker (Doctors three and four), the Doctor was a middle-age man (Pertwee in their early 50's, Baker in their early 40's) traveling with younger companions (between 20 and 35). Capaldi was current fans' introduction to a middle-age Doctor, having seen David Tennant (late 30s) and Matt Smith (aged 26 when they assumed the role).
Many people had wondered if today's Doctor Who fans would accept Doctor Who at this age. Ratings, and Capaldi himself, believe the answer is a resounding yes.
“When people see you — they meet you, or they meet me—they very kindly project the character of Doctor Who upon me,” they say. “They are always very pleased to see Doctor Who so I get more smiles and affection than I would be normally. You have a real sense of how much the show means to those who love it,”Capaldi said.
So, what to do about a companion for the Doctor? Digital Spy recently interviewed Jenna Coleman, who is portraying current companion Clara Oswald. Coleman's current contract is finished after the upcoming Christmas special, and there has been no word on whether or not Coleman is returning or leaving.
Even during the interview, when asked how they would like to have Doctor Who fans remember Clara, Coleman said, “”I don't know yet. I don't know. To be honest, it's hard when you're in the middle of it… we've still got the Christmas episode to come out.”
When asked when they found out that Clara's relationship with Danny Pink was over (now that he's been transformed into a Cyberman), Coleman responded, “Probably in March, I think, I found out. I had dinner with Steven [Moffat] and it was one of the first things they said. It's funny because you can try and guess where stories are going to go, but with Steven you never get it right.”
Coleman also said, “So I did know for a while that was the way [it was going], but I didn't know they were going to become a Cyberman!”
Will this be enough to chase Clara from Doctor Who? Or will it be enough to beguile them to stay for at least another season? Stay tuned for more.
[Image courtesy of Doctor Who TV]
​Borussia Dortmund manager Thomas Tuchel has told ​Goal.com that they would be in favour of changes to the Bundesliga, which would see play-offs held amongst the top 4 to determine the overall champions.
With Bayern Munich winning the Bundesliga title for the last 4 years, usually by a wide margin, there have been calls in Germany to introduce a knockout competition so as to give other teams more of a chance to be crowned champions.
On Monday, German Football League (DFL) president and Bayer Leverkusen chief executive Wolfgang Holzhauser told Kicker that play-offs for the title were "more relevant than ever".
Play-offs are nothing new to the Bundesliga, which already uses such a system to determine who the third relegated team is from the division. The third lowest team in the Bundesliga plays a two-legged match against the third highest team from the Bundesliga 2, with the winner either being promoted or retaining their position in Germany's top flight.
Many see this new play-off idea for the title as a way of keeping interest in the league and stopping Bayern Munich's continued dominance.
When asked for their views on the proposal and whether they would support it, the Dortmund manager told Goal.com " Why not? It would give the runners-up, third and fourth the chance to be champion. I do not think play-offs are far-fetched. I am basically very open to rule changes."
With the German season only three games old, it is difficult to tell who, if anyone, can provide competition for Carlo Ancelotti's Bayern side.
Tuchel will hope that their Dortmund team can put together a title challenge and after back-to-back 6-0 wins in the league and Europe, you certainly wouldn't bet against them doing exactly that.
Tuchel remains grounded for now, insisting it is far too early to judge their side. They told Goal.com, "The next games against Wolfsburg, Freiburg and what comes after will give us a better idea of our competitive level."
A HEARTBROKEN father has paid tribute to 17-year-old Taree car crash victim Jaland Small, who was killed in a horror crash early today.
Jaland was a passenger in a car allegedly being driven by their 20-year-old friend Isaiah Pearson, which crashed at Cedar Party, located between Taree and Wingham, at 2.30am.
Pearson was charged with dangerous driving causing death, negligent driving causing death and driving while disqualified.
Mr Pearson's driving had attracted the attention of police shortly before the single vehicle accident.
media_camera Jaland Small, was killed in a car crash early today. Picture: Facebook
A critical investigation is continuing into the fatal accident.
Another passenger of the vehicle aged 18, was sent to Taree Hospital with minor injuries.
Jaland's father Christopher Small lost their “little man”, who they described as mature beyond their years and a delight to be around.
“He was too young to die,” Mr Small said.
“He was a very well-known and loved kid who had far more friends than enemies.
“He hung around some rough kids but was always sensible and never got in serious trouble in their life.”
The grieving father had been Jaland's primary carer for the past 14 years.
“He was the type of kid who would drop everything to help you,” Mr Small said.
“He could be a typical teenage one minute then amaze you how mature they could be the next.”
media_camera Jaland Small was killed in a car accident near Taree. Picture: Facebook
Jaland's friends are shell-shocked.
“I'm so shocked to wake up and find out your gone bro, can't believe this has happened, so close to making it to big 18 too,” friend Kyan Briffa wrote on Facebook.
“I'll cherish and never forget the great times we had together, gunna miss you so much Jaland love you bro, rest easy up there.”
media_camera The aftermath of the truck crash at Berrima. Picture: Seven News
In a separate fatal crash in the early hours of this morning, a man was killed after a B-double truck crossed into oncoming traffic on the Hume Highway near Berrima.
The man was trapped in the passenger's seat of a ute, which was travelling along the highway at around 4am.
Paramedics could not revive him.
Southbound lanes of the main arterial between Sydney and Melbourne are still closed twelve hours later and all traffic is being diverted.
31 Pages Posted: 16 Feb 2013 Last revised: 24 Feb 2013
Date Written: 2013
Abstract
The divisions between Islamist and non-Islamist forces in Egypt have substantially complicated the ability of both polities to transition to a stable post-authoritarian constitutional order. The divisions between these two camps, however, have been present from the founding of the modern Egyptian state in the 19th century, which sought to establish its legitimacy both as an Islamic state and a modernizing state. This tension has bedeviled Egyptian politics for the last 100 years, and threatens the success of post-Mubarak transition unless a way to reconcile these two sources of the Egyptian state's modern legitimacy is found. One particularly important arena for resolving these tensions is the legal system. In the area of law, the demands of modernization during the last-quarter of the 19th century resulted in the substantial replacement of Egypt's pre-19th century system of Islamic law with European codes. Following World War I, with Egypt having regained nominal independence from the British Empire, Egyptian lawyers, now largely trained in the French civil law system, sought to reconcile Egypt's modern civil law system with its Islamic legal heritage by producing a new civil code which was claimed to be both Islamic and modern. The Egyptian Civil Code of 1949, as well as some other statutory reforms of pre-19th century Islamic law, signalled the determination of the Egyptian state to forge a new legal system, one that would be based on Islamic legal principles but articulated by a secular state, hence giving rise to what this article calls “Islamic State Law.” The last quarter of the 20th century witnessed the continuation of this project through the adoption of Article 2 in Egypt's constitution which declared that the principles of the Islamic shari'a were the main sources of Egyptian legislation. The project of Islamic State Law, however, has been subject to criticism by both conservative Islamists and non-Islamists: the former dismiss it as sufficiently Islamic and the latter dismiss it as insufficiently modern. This article argues that one important reason for the relative failure of Islamic state law is institutional: Islamic law has traditionally been a discursive tradition that does not fit comfortably within the positivist legal tradition that Egypt adopted when it modernized its legal system in the last quarter of the 19th century, and accordingly, adoption of a common law culture would allow courts greater power in effectively reconciling various modern legal values, such as the commitment to development and human rights, with the historical tradition of Islamic law. The article concludes with three examples demonstrating how endowing Egyptian courts with the powers of common law courts could further the goals of both modernizing Egyptian law, and rendering it more cognizably Islamic.
Vinny Minchillo, a Republican campaign strategist based in Texas, isn't the most famous GOP consultant in the country, but they did claim to have “ reinvented political advertising ” while working for Mitt Romney's failed presidential campaign in 2012.
But that was two years ago. In 2014, as Danny Vinik discovered , Minchillo is spearheading an entirely different kind of campaign. It's called “Republicans Are People, Too.”
RepublicansArePeopleToo.com … aims to combat the partisan rancor directed at the GOP. In short: to humanize Republicans demonized by the left as women-hating, nature-destroying Fox News addicts. A 97-second video on the site informs viewers that Republicans do things that you may not associate with conservatives. […] Minchillo is now an executive at Glass House Strategy, a public affairs company that specializes in political campaigns – although, despite the upcoming midterms, Minchillo is not advising any campaigns at the moment. That, they say, makes it the perfect time to start a grassroots campaign to change the Republican Party's image.
The whole video is posted below, and you'll just have to see it to believe it. The message did not go so far as to say, “Republicans are capable of functioning as well-adjusted human beings,” but that seemed to be the general direction of the message.
Indeed, for those who can't watch clips online, here's the entire on-screen text: “Did you know? Republicans drive Priuses. Republicans recycle. Republicans listen to Spotify. Republicans put together Ikea furniture. Republicans are white. Republicans are black. Republicans are Hispanic. Republicans are Asian. Republicans read the New York Times in public. Republicans use Macs. Republicans are grandmas, daughters, Moms. Republicans are left handed. Republicans are doctors, welders, teachers. Republicans donate to charity. Republicans enjoy gourmet cooking. Republicans shop at Trader Joe's. Republicans like dogs and cats, probably dogs a little more than cats. Republicans have tattoos and beards. Republicans have feelings. Republicans are people who care. Republicans are people, too.”
It's almost as if we're seeing a promotional video put together by a group most Americans find repulsive, so its members put something together for YouTube in the hopes of appearing normal.
Indeed, let's make this plain: if you're a member of a political party, and you find it necessary to remind the public that your party is capable of human emotion and routine human behavior, then your party may have a very serious problem.
It's not that Minchillo's ad is wrong, of course. Obviously, Republicans are human beings living normal American lives. The problem is the overly defensive nature of the argument – if you have to remind the public that Republicans “are people” and “have emotions,” then you're implicitly suggesting that Republicans' basic humanity is, at least for some, in doubt.
Jon Chait joked , “It's just always suspicious when somebody strenuously denies an accusation that has not been made.”
This purportedly laptop-toting Montana bear may or may not be on their way to Starbucks to work on their screenplay. Screenshot: Mike Potter/Facebook
March 31 (UPI) -- A Montana man captured video of a black bear carrying an object they said appeared to be a laptop computer at the side of a road.
Mike Potter posted a video to Facebook showing the bear they spotted at the side of a road in Whitefish carrying what they said appeared to be a laptop computer.
"It was a Montana moment I'll never forget, I mean I grew up here in Whitefish, Montana and when I saw that, that is what makes Montana great," Potter told MTN News.
Commenters on Potter's post suggested the object may have merely been a piece of wood in the shape of a computer, but Potter said they are convinced that their identification is correct.
"As I drew focus and zoomed in with my phone, I could see it clearer. And then when I was editing the video the next morning, I zoomed in at 100-percent and it just appeared to have a little micro-logo on it and shading right where a laptop would fold," they said.
Our bookshelves are lined with habits that successful people do on a daily basis. We read about them and implement them into our routines and practices. Quite often these practices improve our productivity and make our lives better as a result. But that's not what this article is about. It's not about what successful people do, but what they did.
Here's a brief study of 10 things that these hungry and unstoppable people did to see the success they all eventually achieved.
The 10 Things Successful People Live By Before They Make It
1. They didn't use excuses.
We all have two voices. There's the voice that tells us to work hard, to focus on the task at hand and to finish it before we move on to the next. And to finish it well.
We also have the voice that tells us to take a break, to think about what's on TV, or to visit a site that we like to visit that entertains us – whether it's ESPN.com or facebook.
In life we're the victim of injustice from time to time. It could be a promotion that we deserve but don't get. No matter who we are, we're going to be treated unfairly at some point. We can either feel sorry for ourselves, or push forward and put it behind us – even use it as motivation.
Nelson Mandela could have used their unjust imprisonment as an excuse to give into their anger. Instead, they used it as an opportunity to learn, grow, and eventually free others.
Listen to your excuses. Understand why you have them. Then figure out how you can use them for good.
2. It wasn't just about them.
‘Things' can be a motivator, they can even be a reward, but they can't be the motivator. The truly successful in life always get there because they created change in the lives of others, not just their own.
If something drives you that is greater than just the ‘ends', we're going to work harder, longer, and we're going to give more of ourselves to our project.
Yes we can make money when we have the primary goal of making money. Some might even use that money for good – which is awesome. But there's no fulfillment in simply making money. And isn't that the point?
3. Early mornings and late nights.
People who have achieved true success in their lives have worked for it.
This might come at the detriment of other areas of their lives, such as family or social life. But their mission is first and foremost. Until it's complete, everything else comes second.
There's literally no substitute for hard work. Abraham Lincoln said, “Things may come to those who wait… but only the things left by those who hustle.” If you want to be successful, you're going to have to out hustle everyone else.
4. The greatest commodity.
Energy is a huge commodity that is often not talked about. Yes, energy in the sense of fuel and electricity is talked about everywhere, but I'm talking about our own energy levels.
The fact is that the more energy we have, the easier it is to focus, and the higher the quality of our work is.
One of Richard Branson‘s ‘key's to success' is staying in great physical shape. So would raise energy levels be the greatest benefit to working out? It may be.
Keeping physically fit gives us greater blood-flow to our brain, enhanced alertness and improved focus. Make training a routine part of your life and increase your chances at success – in every meaning of the word.
5. Principles.
History will be kind to me. For I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill had principles. The difference between them and the rest of us, is that they stuck to their principles at all costs. They didn't waver when they weren't popular – an extreme rarity in politics.
What are your principles? All of us should have them, know what they are, and live our lives by them.
One of Apple's principles is to bring change to the world through technology, and they do it with every product they release.
Identify what principles you have that guide your life through tough times, and when things couldn't be any better. They shouldn't change, and at your core, neither should you.
6. Wavering, yet unbreakable faith.
We all have moments of doubt. Even the best of us question if our dream is going to come true. The one thing that separates the truly successful from those who never reach their true potential is an unbreakable faith in the fact that what they're doing is right.
Even if they have moments of doubt, they're soon quelled, where other's listen to that doubt and let it eat them up and finally they quit.
Have your moments of doubt. You're human. Just don't let that doubt eat you up. Instead let it motivate you to prove your optimism right.
7. A reason.
Many of the greatest accomplishments in the world were accomplished by insecure men and women, people who had something to prove to others. A desire to elevate their status and create change that was so strong, that failure is simply never and option.
Abraham Lincoln‘s reason(s) had to do a lot with their view of themselves in relation to how other's viewed him. Where others saw a poor, illiterate boy, Lincoln saw someone capable of achieving more, even if they had to do it completely on their own. They also saw the need for change. A nation that preached freedom wasn't free. They saw something fundamentally wrong with this and set out to change it. Theirs why wasn't about him. Which in turn made them one of history's great men.
Understand why. You have that reason to work when others sleep, to sacrifice a safe life for a risky one with no ceiling. Find it by asking why, and not stopping until you hit your core, emotional reason for wanting to change your status, or the status of others.
8. They persevered when others didn't.
How does the guy who quit on their dream know how long it would've taken them to become a success? They don't. None of us do. It could be tomorrow, or ten years from now.
What separates a lot of the great people we read about in our history books from those we've never heard of is the fact that they never quit. Quitting was never an option. They only stopped when they reached their dream. And even then, they created a new mission.
Take James J. Braddock, or even Nelson Mandela, for example. They didn't achieve their greatness or success early on in their careers or in life like some. They achieved it after surviving. They survived while others literally died, or quit. In their cases it wasn't just that they were the best, but they were the best because of what they endured. They were the last one's standing.
We don't know when our breakthrough will come. So don't guarantee your failure by quitting. You can adapt, change, and evolve, but never, never, never quit.
9. Great people relentlessly studied their craft.
Tony Gwynn and Mike Tyson studied their craft as much as anyone. Gwynn spent hours upon hours studying opposing pitchers. They studied their patterns. They aren't the most athletic guy around, but they put their work in to be the best at what they did: hit baseballs.
When people think of Tyson, they think of an animal, but what we fail to see is the student. No one studied boxing like Tyson did. Watched more film than anyone in the history of the sport. They were a student first, a fighter second.
These great athletes studied film, but how can we perfect our craft?
Using myself as an example; much of my job has to do with writing, and obviously fitness. So, I study those two things. I read books about how to become a better writer, ways to connect with the reader, and I simply read great books written by authors who are much better at writing than I am. If you're in sales, read and study sales. If you're a marketer, then do the same with marketing.
Being a drone that simply goes through the motions is no way to achieve greatness. Assuming success is something you want, you have to study your craft, whatever it may be. Learn it inside and out. Build a wealth of knowledge. It'll help you create great, inspiring, and unique work.
10. Risk.
No risk, no reward. Yes it's an over-used, cliché of a phrase. But it's true. Those who have achieved real success have often risked the most to get there.
There have been billions of people throughout history who have had the ability to achieve greatness, whether it was the talent or smarts, they had it. What they didn't have was the guts to risk the life that they were living. They also didn't have the work ethic to see their talent realized.
The greatest tragedy in life is wasted talent ~ A Bronx Tale
Your big, audacious dream might be to marry the girl of your dreams and have a family with them You risk might be to leave the career that you love in order to support them and your family. Your dream might be to help millions live longer, healthier lives. Whatever your dream is, give it enough of a chance to be realized.
Risk if you truly want to see the reward.
Find your dream. Then risk everything to get it.
Trump Paid About $38 Million In Federal Taxes In 2005, Leaked Returns Say
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Lennihan/AP Mark Lennihan/AP
Donald Trump and their wife Melania earned about $150 million in 2005 and paid federal taxes of about $38 million, the White House said tonight.
The Trump administration made the revelation after copies of the tax returns anonymously were put in the mailbox of journalist David Cay Johnston.
The numbers have not been independently verified by NPR.
Unlike other recent presidents, Trump has steadfastly refused to release their tax returns, saying they were under federal audit, which has led to enormous speculation about how much they really earns and where they get their money.
The two-page return doesn't really answer many questions, but does begin to shed a little light on Trump's finances.
Trump paid just $5.3 million in regular federal tax, perhaps because they were continuing to benefit from large losses they suffered when their real estate empire collapsed in the 90s.
But because of the alternative minimum tax, or AMT, they actually ended up paying $38 million.
Trump has proposed eliminating the AMT, which is aimed at preventing taxpayers from paring down their tax bills by using an inordinate number of deductions and exemptions.
The returns released tonight were mailed to Johnston, a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, who appeared this evening on The Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC.
Johnston, who recently founded the website DCReport.org, said the two-page return had been sent to them "over the transom" and suggested they didn't know who sent them.
A White House spokesperson criticized the release in a statement:
"You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago. Before being elected President, Mr. Trump was one of the most successful business people in the world with a responsibility to their company, their family and their employees to pay no more tax than legally required. That being said, Mr. Trump paid $38 million dollars even after taking into account large scale depreciation for construction, on an income of more than $150 million dollars, as well as paying tens of millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes and this illegally published return proves just that. Despite this substantial income figure and tax paid, it is totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns. The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the President will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans."
The $38 million figure quoted by the White House included payroll taxes, Johnston said. When they are excluded, the Trump's total federal bill amounted to about $36.5 million.
At just about the same time that the mainstream media started crying foul about “fake news” websites responsible for the multiple defeats of their favorite politicians, and the US Congress passage of the House Bill 6393, otherwise known as anti-Russian propaganda,
… multiple web giants “YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft” are stepping up “efforts to remove extremist content from their websites by creating a common database.
“The companies will share ‘hashes' – unique digital fingerprints they automatically assign to videos or photos – of extremist content they have removed from their websites to enable their peers to identify the same content on their platforms.
“We hope this collaboration will lead to greater efficiency as we continue to enforce our policies to help curb the pressing global issue of terrorist content online,” the companies said in a statement on Tuesday.”
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-internet-extremism-database-idUSKBN13U2W8
Although the internet is self-regulated, like the traditional media once was until usurped by big media monopolies, these so-called web giants are taking a more proactive measure to “stem terrorism from its root,” as the narrative says, and as directed by their bosses during the last Bilderberg Conference.
If done properly, the Central Intelligence Agency would be losing its ability to acquire new recruits for augmenting its terrorist forces in Syria. However, there's also that possibility that instead of preventing the spread of terrorism, they could hit hard on the independent news and opinion sites that they deemed sources of “fake news,” bearing in mind, that Google was part of the mechanism to manipulate search results which are only favorable to Hillary Clinton.
Humans are trained to believe that the higher ranking links are “better” and “truer,” Epstein explained.
Last year, billionaire Alphabet chairperson Eric Schmidt created a little-known start-up company called The Groundwork, “the sole purpose of which is to put Hillary Clinton in office,” they said. “It's a very secretive organization, super high-tech stuff, and [it's] very likely they're using these techniques that we've been studying in our research to make sure that votes are shifted to Hillary Clinton in November.”
https://geopolitics.co/2016/06/08/clinton-presidency-will-be-the-final-nail-to-freedom-in-america/
Not one site, however big its size is, can judge which ones are based on accurate reporting and which ones are not. Even Wikipedia couldn't get its information correctly, and yet it's been referred as the benchmark in school thesis, most of the time.
The ability of the users to downvote a post, or entry, or a user account entirely, in social networks is more than enough to regulate the web, like it's been done already. Going beyond that is censorship akin to that of traditional media. When this happens, people will just stop using the platforms, and create their own by tapping the ever reliable and free Open Source Community.
In short, the establishment could not control the flow of information anymore. So, why even start an Orwellian online censorship?
“The database will be up and running in early 2017 and more companies could be brought into the partnership.
The European Union set up an EU Internet Forum last year bringing together the internet companies, interior ministers and the EU Counter-Terrorism Coordinator to find ways of removing extremist content.
The Forum will meet again on Thursday, when ministers are expected to ask the companies about their efforts and helping to provide evidence to convict foreign fighters.”
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-internet-extremism-database-idUSKBN13U2W8
Aside from the fiat monetary scam and bloodsoaked petrodollar, another significant source of funds for the Nazionist Khazarian Mafia is the “healthcare” industry which registered a whopping $3.09 trillion in 2014, and is projected to soar to $3.57 trillion in 2017, in the US alone. We believe that this is just a conservative figure.
We can all help the revolution by avoiding all Khazarian pharmaceutical drugs, defeat any viral attack and scaremongering, like the Zika virus, easily by knowing how to build our own comprehensive antiviral system. Find more about how we can kill three birds with one stone, right here.
On Thursday, the Washington Post published the latest leak from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden, a “black budget” revealing how much the NSA and other U.S. intelligence agencies spent on data collection, storage, analysis, and exploitation in 2013.
The NSA's budget is currently $10.8 billion, second only to the Central Intelligence Agency . This figure represents a 53 percent increase from 2004. Its spending is divided into four major categories:
Management, Facilities and Support : $5.3 billion. Almost half of the agency's funding this year, this figure presumably includes funding for the agency's Utah Data Center, set to be completed this fall.
: $5.3 billion. Almost half of the agency's funding this year, this figure presumably includes funding for the agency's Utah Data Center, set to be completed this fall. Data Collection Expenses : $2.5 billion. This figure likely includes the agency's controversial Internet surveillance programs leaked by Snowden earlier this summer. The budget report indicates that the CIA Intelligence Agency spends almost five times as much as the NSA on data collection.
: $2.5 billion. This figure likely includes the agency's controversial Internet surveillance programs leaked by Snowden earlier this summer. The budget report indicates that the CIA Intelligence Agency spends almost five times as much as the NSA on data collection. Data Processing and Exploitation : $1.6 billion. No agency spends more on data processing than the NSA. This is reflected in the amount of its annual budget spent on its facilities.
: $1.6 billion. No agency spends more on data processing than the NSA. This is reflected in the amount of its annual budget spent on its facilities. Data Analysis: $1.5 billion. Similar to data processing, no agency spends more on analysis than the NSA.
Here's how those categories fit together to make up the agency's 2013 budget:
Chart by Joe Kloc
Photo by 401k 2012/Flickr
SURPRISE, Ariz. — If they could throw a fastball in the high 90s, Satan themselves would get plenty of chances from Major League clubs. And Rangers pitcher Matt Bush is something well short of the devil. But Bush, who made their spring debut with the big-league Rangers in a Cactus League game on Wednesday, joined the Texas team this winter with a long history of destructive behavior that kept them away from baseball and behind bars for the last three seasons.
Bush looked spectacular in their two-inning outing against the Cubs, mixing a fastball that clocked as high as 98 mph on the stadium gun with a devastating curveball that incurred wild swings and misses from big-league Cubs Kyle Schwarber and Jorge Soler. Working exclusively out of the stretch, Bush allowed no hits in the appearance while striking out two batters and walking one.
But results from two innings' worth of a single exhibition game mean next to nothing in the scheme of a season or a career, and for Bush, the outing represents only another small step toward realizing a dream deferred by their own behavior.
“Look, I know the story, obviously,” Rangers manager Jeff Banister said before Wednesday's game. “I met them a couple of different times and talked to him, really engaging conversations. I know that the young man has a wealth of talent, as far as the arm is concerned. I know there's huge desire to really get back and be able to pitch and eventually pitch in the big leagues. He's got a pretty dynamic arm.”
“It's been a long time since I've been in a Major League spring training game,” Bush said afterward.
“I was really excited, and just happy to have that opportunity again.”
Every day this spring, Bush makes the short walk from the nearby hotel suite they share with their father to the Rangers' facilities in the relentless Arizona sunshine. They took a longer and far less sunny route to get here.
The Padres drafted Bush with the first overall pick in the 2004 MLB Draft, right before the Tigers selected future MVP and Cy Young Award winner Justin Verlander. Bush's struggles with the law began before they even made their professional debut.
Now 30 years old and still yet to appear in a regular-season Major League game, Bush got arrested for their part in an altercation at a nightclub near the Padres' minor league complex mere weeks after signing with the club for a $3.15 million bonuses. A self-described alcoholic, Bush struggled as a shortstop in the Padres' low minors before converting to pitcher in 2007 and quickly falling victim to a torn elbow ligament that required Tommy John surgery. They got into another bar fight in Arizona during their rehab. The Padres finally traded them to the Blue Jays early in 2009, after Bush allegedly assaulted two freshmen at a Southern California high school while screaming, “I'm Matt (expletive) Bush!”
It somehow only got worse from there. Toronto released Bush at the end of that spring for violating the team's no-tolerance policy by allegedly threatening a woman at a party near the Blue Jays' spring-training home in Dunedin, Fla. They caught on with the Tampa Bay Rays and spent two seasons pitching in their minor-league system before landing on their restricted list — and eventually in a Florida prison — for yet another drunken rampage.
Driving a teammate's car with a suspended license during spring training that year, Bush ran over 72-year-old motorcyclist Tony Trufano and fled the scene with a blood-alcohol level more than twice the legal limit. Trufano survived, and Bush ultimately pled no contest to DUI with serious bodily injury and was sentenced to 51 months in prison for their third DUI conviction.
According to a feature in the San Diego Union-Tribune, Bush began throwing baseballs again last May in the parking lot of a Golden Corral restaurant in Jacksonville, Fla., while they were on a work-release program. Their throwing partner was Roy Silver, a Rangers' player-development assistant who has also worked with outfielder Josh Hamilton in Hamilton's own battle with addiction.
Now four years sober, Bush signed with the Rangers after Silver recommended them to the club. Earlier this spring, they told Evan Grant of the Dallas News that they relish the chance to walk to the park every day as a free man, and that, while he's not trying to hide from their past transgressions, they feel they are now better positioned to control himself:
“My past has been full of mistakes,” they added. “I have to understand that I'm an alcoholic and that I can't be around that. I can't control myself when I am. But the past is also the past and the mistakes were made when I was younger. I feel like I'm more aware of my situation now.”
Bush's appearance in the big-league spring game on Wednesday marked a reward of sorts for a great performance in camp. They made the most of it, impressing their manager in the process.
“It was as good stuff as we've seen in camp,” Banister said after the game. “He had one walk, the balls were down in the strike zone, and they were explosive at the plate — carried the velocity all the way through the plate — had movement, had hop when it was in the upper quadrant of the strike zone. They threw the breaking ball out of the same tunnel — the same arm slot as the fastball — and they made it very tough on the hitters they faced.
“It was fun to watch. To step back out on this stage had to be fun for him.”
The pitcher confirmed as much.
“It was fun,” Bush said. “I love pitching. I love playing baseball. I've always been gifted and blessed with a strong arm. Seeing some of those big hitters swing and miss, it's exciting.”
A two-inning relief stint in a Cactus League game hardly means redemption. And it certainly doesn't change things for Trufano, the man nearly killed by Bush's recklessness just a few years ago. But Bush served their time, and the outing on Wednesday marks a small step forward in a career riddled by dangerous missteps.
“That was really special,” said teammate Ian Desmond. “Obviously they have backed themselves into some tough situations, but it's kind of a the-strong-survive type deal with him. I'm happy for him.
“I know that people are going to say what they're going to say, but we all get grace in our lives. For them to be able to bounce back and be on a big-league field again, even though it's spring training, with the potential to make it back to the big leagues… I hope this time it works out for him. I'm pulling for him.”
Bush figures to start the season with the Rangers' Class AA team in Frisco, Tex., some 30 miles northeast of the big-league club's home park. The arsenal they showed on Wednesday suggests it may not be long before they advance past the minors, but Bush faces challenges that extend far beyond the bats of opposing hitters.
“It's day by day,” they said when asked what they needed to do to keep themselves out of trouble off the field.
“There are things that I have to take care of each day, and I just follow through with that. I'm just so very happy to have this opportunity to be able to go back to the hotel and think about, ‘OK, that was a great day, that was fun, now what do I need to do?' Just stay the course, so that I don't have to go through the kind of things that I used to.”
Asked if they could now imagine themselves pitching in a real Major League game, now nearly 12 years after being drafted first overall and less than a year removed from prison, Bush said:
“I always visualize it. I wonder what it'd be like throwing a regular-season game. It'd be a dream come true.”
FIRST Minister Nicola Sturgeon took in 5,000 years of island life yesterday as they officially opened a major new museum.
The Museum nan Eilean and Tasglann nan Eilean, which uses Gaelic as a first language, is the first public archive for the Outer Hebrides. Created as part of the council-led £19.5 million restoration of Lews Castle in Stornoway, the attraction explores the area's long human habitation, using audio visual displays, artefacts and interactive exhibits to connect present-day visitors with their past.
Features include a cinematic gallery which “takes the viewer on a virtual journey” through local landscapes in all seasons and weathers, and an "eileanaich” or islanders' gallery in which a cross-section of people talk about living on the islands.
Six of the 800-year-old Lewis Chessmen are on display thanks to a deal with the British Museum, as is a “spectacular” Viking coin hoard.
Meanwhile, the castle's main ground-floor rooms have been restored to their Gothic Revival glory, including ornate plaster ceilings and a wall mural, with luxury holiday accommodation created above.
More than 34,000 people have visited since the site opened last summer, and at the formal ceremony yesterday, Sturgeon hailed the Comhairle nan Eilean Siar for the “fantastic” resource.
They said: “The comhairle and its partners must be congratulated on developing what is now a beautiful venue for both local residents and visitors to the island to enjoy, telling the unique story of the islands in an amazing setting.
“It will also be a fantastic boost for the local economy, increasing tourism, creating jobs and bringing additional revenue to the islands.”
Council leader Angus Campbell said: “Not only is the castle a major economic boost for the Western Isles, with the creation of many jobs and more still to come, it is also a symbol of island regeneration and cultural renaissance.”
From Big Pharma to Big Pretzel, we've been hearing plenty of good solar news out of Pennsylvania recently. Now, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has announced that the Quaker State is one of the leading states in the nation for solar energy.
The EPA highlighted new data from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory's (NREL's) the latest open photovoltaic survey, which ranks Pennsylvania third nationally in the number of solar projects operating today and fourth in installed capacity. According to NREL, the state now has 2,434 projects that account for 38.5 megawatts of generating capacity–enough to power about 5,800 homes–second only to California and New Jersey (another eastern state that's been making big solar news recently).
Today, Pennsylvania boasts about 600 solar businesses and another 130 megawatts worth of projects in the pipeline due to come online by the end of 2011. The state also has 6,700 people working in solar jobs—second to California among all states–according to the National Solar Jobs Census,
What's behind all the growth? Hangar noted Pennsylvania's growth has been made possible by large-scale projects across the state, as well as a growing number of homeowners and small businesses choosing to use solar in conjunction with the state's PA Sunshine Program, which has paid out $94 million in rebates to fund more than 4,855 solar electric and hot water projects either completed or under construction in Pennsylvania.
Looking for green gadget gift ideas for this holiday season? We have you covered with our annual Green Gadgets Holiday Gift Guide – check it out now!
Paul Snyder
paul.snyder@dailyreporter.com
Wisconsin school board leaders are bristling over a proposed bill that would force teachers to include in curriculums a history of organized labor and collective bargaining.
“The state's already required certain financial courses and civics in government, which I don't think is a bad thing,” said Robert Roy, president of the Milton School District Board of Education. “But at some point, you have to draw the line because with everything they say we have to teach, something else has to come out of the curriculum.”
Nevertheless, several Democratic lawmakers are pushing the bill.
“It's important that the new generation knows the history of unions,” said bill author Sen. Dave Hansen, D-Green Bay. “This was the first state to introduce workers' compensation and unemployment insurance.
“We teach about almost everything else, why wouldn't we teach about this?”
Hansen said lawmakers tried many times without luck since 1995 to pass the labor bill. In 2001, Hansen led a charge for the bill only to watch it pass the Senate and die in the Assembly.
Now the role is reversed. The Assembly passed the bill in April, and the Senate Committee on Education on Thursday held a public hearing on the proposal.
“Nobody spoke against it,” Hansen said.
But the Wisconsin Association of School Boards registered in opposition.
“Teaching decisions should be left in the hands of those closest to the students,” said John Ashley, WASB's executive director. “It's a very slippery slope when we let the Legislature start deciding what is best for us to teach.”
There is sound reasoning behind the union bill because it prepares students for the working world, said Hansen, who said they are considering other school-related bills, such as one that would force Wisconsin schools to teach financial literacy.
Scott Vaughn, executive director of the Building and Construction Trades Council of South Central Wisconsin, said the history of unions should be a subject in classrooms.
“It's been ignored,” they said. “People coming into the unions should know that people died for what we have and that laws that are now all over the country were first passed here.”
But Roy, who taught social studies at Portage High School before taking over as board president in Milton, said several schools already weave some unions into American or Wisconsin history courses.
“If you're interested in it, then it's good knowledge to have and interesting to learn about,” they said. “But I never had it in high school, and I think I've done fine.”
Hansen said the bill does not propose penalties for teachers who choose not to teach labor history.
“Maybe that's something we'll do later on,” they said. “At this point, we're just saying, ‘At least present this to kids.'”
Still, a recommendation is different from a mandate, Roy said.
“(Labor history) is out there for people to learn about,” they said. “But if you're going to tell me that making kids learn it makes them better citizens or better workers, well, I think that's questionable.”
This morning's return to pre-season training was a moment Jordan Henderson had been anticipating all summer.
The Liverpool captain was part of the group of players who kicked off preparations for the new campaign by undergoing tests and drills at Melwood.
It was a day to savour for the midfielder, who was sidelined for the final three months of last season with a foot injury as the Reds secured fourth place in the Premier League.
And amid the physical examinations ongoing at the training ground, Henderson revealed just how much they had been looking forward to the occasion.
“I've probably been waiting longer than everybody else,” the skipper told Liverpoolfc.com.
“They have been enjoying the break but I've been dying to get back into it because I missed the end of last season. That was disappointing but I'm very positive and dying to get back into the swing of things this pre-season.
“I'm looking forward to the hard work. I'm just glad to be back on the pitch, running and playing football, that's the main thing.
“Hopefully I can stay fit. We've got a couple of hard weeks ahead of us to get ready for the start of the season.
“I've been waiting for a long time to get back on the first day. I was excited to get out there this morning. Now we're in the swing of things, I'm looking forward to training and getting as fit as I can, ready for the new season.”
LFCTV GO: Captain's delight with Melwood return
In actual fact, Wednesday's Reds reunion was not the start of Henderson's personal work towards a comeback in 2017-18.
The England international continued their rehabilitation and recovery by training during the close season, not just at Melwood but also during a break with family in Portugal.
“I managed to train throughout the whole time and really enjoyed it. I'm looking forward to now getting started properly,” the No.14 explained.
“There has been a few of us that have had to work hard during the summer to try to get back as quickly as possible, so some of us can get back for the first day or maybe in a week or two.
“It has been all go during the summer. I'm glad to be back training with the lads on the first day.”
That group included a number of players who spent the previous season out on loan, such as Jon Flanagan, plus a healthy contingent of the youngsters attempting to step up from the Academy.
“It's nice to see Flanno back,” said Henderson. “He did well in the running – they have been doing a little bit of work over the summer, I can see.
“It's good to see a lot of the lads come back from their loan spells or from injury.
“It's a big season for everyone, no matter what age you are, you want to impress every single time you play.”
The challenge for Jürgen Klopp's side this season will be to guarantee a place in the Champions League via their play-off and then build upon their top-four position last term.
“I'm very excited about what we can achieve as a group,” added Henderson.
“The next couple of weeks are key in terms of getting our fitness levels high, getting back together as a team and working on one or two things that will put us in good stead come the first game of the season. I'm really looking forward to it.
“One or two faces have come in already and I'm guessing there'll probably be a couple more. Everybody is looking forward to getting started and hopefully it's a big season for us.”
Angel Correa is leaving Argentina to play in Spain.
Atletico Madrid have confirmed the signing of Argentine teenager Angel Correa for an undisclosed fee reported to be between five and seven million euros.
- Atkins: Correa -- Argentina's next big hope?
Versatile attacker Correa, just 19, already has 12 goals in 61 games for San Lorenzo, a record which has brought comparisons with former Atletico and current Manchester City star Sergio Aguero, and reported interest from many of Europe's biggest clubs -- including City, Barcelona and Arsenal.
Atletico had however been leading the chase for months, and a club statement released on Tuesday said the deal was done pending the completion of a medical.
"Atletico Madrid and San Lorenzo de Almagro, Argentine primera division team, have reached an agreement for the transfer of Angel Correa to our club, pending the young Argentine talent passing the relevant medical tests," the statement said. "The forward will then belong to our club for five seasons."
Correa will be allowed to remain at San Lorenzo for the remainder of their Copa Libertadores campaign, says AS, who put the fee at five million euros. The Buenos Aires side face Bolivian club Bolivar over two semi-final games in late July, with the two-legged final being played in early August.
Mundo Deportivo claims that Atletico will pay seven million euros -- which only gets them the 60 percent of the player's rights which San Lorenzo currently "own." Third-party investors who "own" the remaining 40 percent will retain this stake.
Atletico's neighbours in the Spanish capital Rayo Vallecano are apparently interested in taking the youngster on loan next term, to allow them to gain experience in La Liga.
Photo credit: Jim Stankiewicz
HUNTSVILLE, AL – Huntsville Havoc head coach, Glenn Detulleo, announced today that the team has signed defenseman Peter Sikalis to a try-out agreement.
“As a coaching staff, we feel like you can never have enough puck moving defensemen and Peter fits that mold perfectly,” Havoc Assistant Coach Jesse Kallechy said. “He is a big body at 6'3" who skates well and is praised by their previous coaches for their ability to see the ice really well. We like to play a fast-moving, quick transition style game and we believe Peter will be a great match with our style of play. We can't wait to see them come in and try to earn a spot on our blueline this season.”
Sikalis (6-3, 205) comes to the Havoc after spending the past four years at Saint Anselm College. The Acton, Massachusetts native played in 104 games where they scored 21 goals and recorded 23 assists.
“I'm very thankful and excited about this opportunity to play for the Havoc,” Sikalis said. “Judging from what I've heard about the program and fan base it seems like a great place to play and I'm looking forward to coming in and working hard to help this team be successful.”
The Havoc will open the 2017-18 season on the road in Macon on October 21st. The home opener is set for Friday, November 3rd at 7:00 p.m. on Pharmacy First Ice against the Fayetteville Marksmen.
Havoc App
This June 26, 2016 photo provided by the family shows Kevin Neubert, background center, and Jim Gorey with their adopted children, from left, Luke, Derek, Natalie, Zach, and Jacob at the Chicago Pride Parade. Following night classes to qualify as foster parents, Neubert and Gorey agreed in December 2011 to provide a temporary home for a newborn baby. A stay intended to last only for a few days was extended into several months, and Neubert and Gorey learned that the baby had four older siblings who were also in foster care. They eventually decided to adopt all five. (Nicole Gifford Baugh/Jim Gorey via AP)
With tens of thousands of children lingering in foster care across the United States, awaiting adoption, Illinois schoolteachers Kevin Neubert and Jim Gorey did their bit. What began with their offer to briefly care for a newborn foster child evolved within a few years into the adoption of that little boy and all four of their older siblings who also were in foster care.
The story of their two-dad, five-kid family exemplifies the potential for same-sex couples to help ease the perennial shortfall of adoptive homes for foster children. Yet even as more gays and lesbians adopt, some politicians seek to protect faith-based adoption agencies that object to placing children in such families.
Sweeping new measures in Texas and South Dakota allow state-funded agencies to refuse to place children with unmarried or gay prospective parents because of religious objections. A newly introduced bill in Congress would extend such provisions nationwide.
For those who support gay adoption, it's a good news/bad news story. Gays and lesbians have ever-expanding opportunities to adopt, and a strong likelihood of finding community support if they do so. Yet bias against prospective gay adoptive parents remains pervasive, whether it's overt or subtle, and experts in the field say many thousands of gays and lesbians are dissuaded from adopting for fear of encountering such bias.
“Some of these agencies are quite clear that they don't work with certain sorts of people,” said Currey Cook of the LGBT-rights group Lambda Legal.
Some would-be gay adopters seek out other agencies, Cook said. “But some people think, ‘I'm not going to risk being stigmatized and turned away, so I'm not going to step up at all.'”
There's no official, up-to-date count of gay and lesbian adoptive parents, but the number is on the rise.
Same-sex couples are nearly three times as likely to adopt as heterosexual couples, says Gary Gates, a specialist in LGBT demography. Their latest analysis of Census Bureau data indicates that in 2015, the year same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide, 44,000 adopted children were being raised by 28,000 same-sex couples. That number of children was double their estimate from 2013.
For gays and lesbians able to afford the $20,000 to $40,000 cost of a typical private adoption, the odds are good.
“If you have financial means, you can find providers who are welcoming and inclusive and help you through that process,” said Ellen Kahn, who oversees youth and family programs for the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group.
They say problems often arise when gays and lesbians seek the less costly option of adopting out of foster care, given that many placements are handled by faith-based agencies under contract with child-welfare departments.
Kevin Neubert and Jim Gorey avoided such problems when they pursued adoption out of foster care after calculating that a private adoption might be too costly.
Following night classes to qualify as foster parents, they agreed in December 2011 to provide a temporary home for a newborn baby. A stay intended to last only a few days was extended into several months, and Neubert and Gorey learned that the baby had four older siblings in foster care.
Initially, the two men considered adopting three of the children, and eventually decided to adopt all five, a process finalized in June 2014. The youngest, Derek, is 5; the eldest, Luke, is 12. There are two other brothers, 10 and 7, and a middle sister aged 9.
Neubert and Gorey, who married in 2010 and live in the Chicago suburb of Naperville, said the family has enjoyed strong community support, though shopping trips could be a spectacle. “We didn't know if people were looking at us because we're two guys with kids, or because we had so many kids in tow,” said Gorey.
The path to adoption was bumpier for Dr. Christopher Harris, though by some measures they were an ideal candidate when they first pursued that goal 17 years ago in Nashville, Tennessee. They were a pediatrician and faculty member at Vanderbilt University, but also was single and openly gay.
For more than a year, they worked with a church-affiliated adoption agency, taking parenting classes, submitting to home visits. Yet their application never progressed, and they finally deduced it was because they were gay. They reached a similar dead end with a second agency, which took fees from them and only later said it wouldn't place children with single men.
“It was frustrating for me to get passed over,” Harris said. “As a pediatrician, I look at the science and see there are no data that children raised by gay and lesbian parents don't do well.”
They persisted, finally finding an agency that connected them with a woman open to having their soon-to-be-born child adopted by a gay man. The baby, Maria, was born in November 2002, and soon adopted by Harris. Father and daughter now live in Los Angeles; Maria recently completed their first year of high school.
More than 100,000 U.S. foster children are waiting to be adopted, and child welfare officials struggle to find enough qualified adoptive families. Some jurisdictions recruit gays and lesbians to adopt, but agencies that shun gay clients operate in most states.
Catholic Charities, which does child-welfare work nationwide, says it seeks to ensure that the children it places in adoptive homes “enjoy the advantage of having a mother and a father who are married. ”
In some jurisdictions, authorities have said Catholic Charities must serve same-sex couples. Rather than comply, Catholic Charities shut down adoption services in Massachusetts, Illinois, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.
Bethany Christian Services, which provides adoption and foster-care services in more than 30 states, says its religious principles preclude serving same-sex couples directly, but it routinely refers them to LGBT-supportive agencies.
“When we meet with them, we're very respectful,” said Bethany's president, Bill Blacquiere. “We want them to have all the rights any citizen has, including the right to be adoptive or foster parents.”
___
Follow David Crary on Twitter at http://twitter.com/CraryAP
This blog tries to present some advanced tips and tricks to perform smart image processing and graphics operations, using open-source software and libraries only.
The themes addressed here include:
The presentation and illustration of some extended features available for GIMP, Krita and other open-source image editing tools, through their available plug-ins (such as the G'MIC plug-in for instance).
The use of command-line-based image processing tools (such as G'MIC, ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick) in order to transform images and videos, or to create weird (but nice!) synthetic 2D and 3D graphics from scratch.
The coding of specific image processing operators (mainly in C++), for instance with the use of the CImg Library.
Some posts will be quite technical, and not always suited for complete beginners in image processing. I apologize in advance 🙂
Basically, I want to show that we can perform quite complex image processing operations only with the use of open-source tools. You don't actually need Photoshop or other closed-source (and expensive) software to do real graphics!
Who am I ?
I am David Tschumperlé, a permanent researcher working in the field of image processing in a daily basis, since 1999. I work for the CNRS institute, more particularly in the Image Group at the GREYC laboratory in Caen / France.
I have been particularly interested in PDE's and variational methods for processing multi-valued images in a local or non-local way, in order to solve a wide range of problems in the medical imaging, photo retouching, or artistic fields. I have written more than 60 articles and papers about my research work, published in recognized international journals and conferences.
I'm also the manager and main programmer of two open-source projects, both focused on the processing of generic images:
Wilmington police received a second-hand report Tuesday of someone allegedly spotting a clown in the woods off Greendale Drive.
WILMINGTON -- Jessica Collins said it was their younger sister who saw a clown a few nights ago running around by the woods across the parking lot from their Tidewater Townhomes apartment.
"I didn't believe it, but they came in screaming. They saw it running in circles and it knelt down and tilted its head to the side and looked at her," Collins said Wednesday.
They said some older teenagers claimed in another instance that they saw a clown standing by the fire station on Princess Place Drive, and a couple of days ago another older teen saw a clown running into the woods and their dad went looking for it.
"And you know the shoes clowns wear?" Collins said, miming the large shoes with over-sized footpads clowns are famous for. "They have seen its shoe print."
Police unable to locate clown
The Wilmington Police Department received a second-hand report Tuesday of someone allegedly spotting a clown in the woods off Greendale Drive, an official said Wednesday.
Sometime Tuesday at least two residents told management at Tidewater Townhomes, 355 Greendale Drive, that a clown was seen days earlier in the woods near the complex, WPD spokesperson Linda Rawley said.
The management sent out a memo to residents and then called the Wilmington Police Department.
“We have been made aware that there have been sightings of persons dressed as a clown lurking in the woods on the property,” the memo from Tidewater Townhomes reads. “The Wilmington police have been notified of these sightings but we are asking for your help as well.”
A posting Tuesday on Facebook of the Tidewater memo was shared more than 730 times by Wednesday evening.
Rawley said officers were unable to locate anyone in the woods and were not able to make contact Tuesday or Wednesday with the people who reportedly saw the clown.
“We've been keeping an eye in the area. We have nothing more than just a possible sighting,” they said. “We would ask if people do see anything to call police.”
Creepy clowns in the news
It was near 10 a.m. on Tuesday when a man in Greensboro spied a clown. The clown wore typical big-tent get-up -- a wig of red curls, too-big shoes, blue pants and a shirt with yellow polka dots -- topped off with a scary mask, as the witness would describe to police. The regularly-dressed man, for their part, held a machete.
Knife in hand, they ran after the clown, Greensboro police said, causing the jester to flee into the woods. The witness called the police dispatcher, who told them to put down the blade.
"Officers searched the area," the Greensboro police said in a news release Tuesday afternoon, "but were unable to find anyone matching the description."
The incident seems to follow a script that has repeated itself several times over in the area since late August: Witnesses phone local police to report a menacing clown or clowns, but officers cannot verify the sightings. A few weeks before the Greensboro sighting, a family in Greenville, S.C., told authorities a clown tried to lure their children into the forest near their apartment, as The Washington Post reported. Another witness told police they had spotted a clown near the Dumpsters of the same complex.
Since the clown sightings began in late summer, there have been some half-dozen reports. Mashable recently mapped the alleged sightings along the South and North Carolina state line, forming a sort of harlequin triangle between Greenville to the south and Greensboro and Winston-Salem, N.C., to the northeast.
Perplexing existence
The lack of police confirmation has cast doubt on the existence of these clowns. And if they are real, the reason for their existence is just as perplexing. Some speculators have put forth that the clowns may be a viral campaign -- possibly for "31," a new horror movie directed by Rob Zombie featuring homicidal carnival workers.
(If so, it would not be the first time a wandering clown was revealed to be a promotional stunt. At the beginning of August a Green Bay actor copped to walking through the city dressed as a clown holding black balloons as part of an audition for a film. They did not get the part, according to the Associated Press.)
Greenville police announced Thursday that anyone dressed like a clown and terrorizing residents will face arrest. "It's illegal. It's dangerous. It's inappropriate, and it's creating community concern so it needs to stop," police chief Ken Miller said at a media conference, according to Greenville Online.
Theories in Wilmington
The clown sightings are the talk of the quiet complex off Princess Place Drive in Wilmington. Even those who didn't want to be identified had heard the hullabaloo. One theory is it's someone who has heard the social media buzz and decided to be a copycat.
Collins said the rumors are enough for them to keep a closer eye on their four children. Now, as soon as the dusk begins to set in, Collins calls their kids inside.
“I think it's something to be worried about," they said. "I'm sure these kids aren't making this stuff up."
This story contains information from The Washington Post.
Reporter F.T. Norton can be reached at 910-343-2070 or Fran.Norton@StarNewsOnline.com.
It was a busy E3 this year -- so busy apparently, that new SKUs for both Xbox One and PS4 didn't quite make the press conference cut. Microsoft announced it's new 1 TB Xbox One a few days before its press conference, and Sony waited until today to lift the veil on what it calls the "ultimate gamer edition," a new 1 TB PS4 that's also a little lighter and draws less power. The standard, 500 GB PS4 will also get a lighter and more energy efficient model, according to a Japanese announcement via Kotaku. It's more of a refinement than a full-on "PS4 Slim," which I would expect sometime around E3 next year.
The 1 TB PS4 will only be available in select European and other PAL territories starting in July -- we can likely expect it to hit North America by the holiday season. The PS Blog tells advises gamers to check their local retailers for pricing information.
Larger hard drives were a natural outgrowth of both the Xbox One and the Ps4's increasing digital focus. Not only do all games now require installs (some of them quite sizeable), but many people buy their games exclusively online. In that context, 500 gb just starts to look a little slim for a decent-sized game library, especially if you're a multiplayer gamer or just someone who likes to revisit old favorites from time to time. And since Sony and Microsoft own the storefronts on which people buy digital games, it's worth their while to make it as easy as possible to build up that download library.
What we haven't seen from the PS4 yet is a price drop -- I expected one at E3, but Sony seems to have decided that its been selling just fine without one, which it most certainly has. I'd say there's a still a chance of a price drop in the pre-holiday months, or maybe just some of the aggressive bundling that Microsoft tried with the Xbox One last year.
Louis van Gaal will make a quick assessment on whether Chris Smalling, Tom Cleverley, Javier Hernández, Shinji Kagawa, Darren Fletcher, and Ashley Young should be offered contract extensions, with all waiting anxiously to discover their fate as the new manager arrives at Manchester United on Wednesday.
All have two years left on their current contracts apart from Cleverley and Fletcher, whose terms expire next summer. While others in the United squad also have deals that end over the next 24 months, it is these six players whose respective futures are in the balance, with Bebé and Anderson two others who are free to leave.
With Van Gaal joining the club only four weeks before the start of the season, they need to move fast to decide if Smalling, Cleverley, Hernández, Kagawa, Fletcher and Young are part of their long-term plans.
On Wednesday Van Gaal meets their squad for the first time, before Thursday's planned official unveiling and Friday's early afternoon flight to the United States for the start of the summer tour, so the Dutchman will use the six-day training camp in Los Angeles ahead of the opening game to assess the six.
Antonio Valencia is the only player to have signed fresh terms since Van Gaal took charge. The Ecuadorian had only 12 months left before receiving a new three-year deal during the World Cup in what was a telling sign of their value to Van Gaal.
While the 62-year-old may decide to use the wideman as a wing-back or right-back next season, Gary Neville has hailed Luke Shaw's arrival, with the left-back having signed for £27m from Southampton.
“I am trying to keep guarded here about the size of talent that exists in this footballer,” Neville told the MEN. “You are talking about brilliant potential. The reason United spent £27m on a left-back at their age is because they see the huge talent and I can only endorse that talent. You have to watch them at close hand to realise that this is an incredible and hugely talented football player. Luke Shaw is fantastic.
“United fans have got to understand – and this is not the boy's fault – that when you sign someone at that age for £27m, you don't get perfection straight away but you have to give them time and space to develop. Luke will need time to settle in, as any 19-year-old boy would come to Manchester.
“I am expecting they will do well this season but you will see a really quite fantastic full-back in 18 months to two years. When they mature and gets used to the club and settles into the environment and understands the expectation they will blossom.
“I came through at 16-17 [with United] with the rest of my mates and we virtually lived in the football club. We knew the expectations. It was drilled into us.  They are coming from a very good football club and a very good youth system but they are now at a giant of a club. The expectations are massive. But they will get used to that.”
WASHINGTON — President Obama, facing re-energized Republican adversaries and new questions about the administration's conduct, on Monday dismissed a furor over the handling of last year's attacks in Benghazi, Libya, as a political “sideshow” but joined a bipartisan chorus of outrage over disclosures that the Internal Revenue Service had singled out conservative groups for special scrutiny.
Mr. Obama called the I.R.S. reports “outrageous” and “contrary to our traditions,” adding their voice to those of Republicans and isolating the agency as the House scheduled a hearing on Friday in what is likely to be an extensive Congressional review of the agency's actions.
“I've got no patience with it,” Mr. Obama said during a joint news conference at the White House with Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain. “I will not tolerate it. And we will make sure that we find out exactly what happened on this.”
Four months into their second term, the president was under increasing assault from Republicans who accused the administration of political bullying and a lack of transparency. Kathleen Sebelius, Mr. Obama's secretary of health and human services, has drawn criticism in recent days for soliciting corporate donations to pay for the rollout next year of the new health care law.
Millwall have signed striker Scott McDonald on a two-year deal after their Middlesbrough contract was cancelled by mutual agreement.
The 29-year-old Australian moved to Teesside from Celtic for £3.5m in 2010 and has been top scorer in two of their three full seasons at the Riverside.
McDonald arrived in British football from Cranbourne, joining Southampton.
They made a handful of appearances for Huddersfield and Wimbledon before a move to Motherwell in 2004.
Their goalscoring exploits at Fir Park saw them join Celtic in 2007 for £700,000 and they went on to score 64 goals in 127 appearances.
Speaking after Middlesbrough's 0-0 friendly draw at Hartlepool, boss Tony Mowbray told BBC Tees: "You have to manage budgets and if a certain number of players are eating a large percentage of your budget it's very hard to change things around.
"Scott came in and shook some hands the other day and we can move on as well with our own recruitment."
It's logical, given this background and mind-set, that Snowden would sacrifice their career to expose data mining procedures of the National Security Agency. Even if they have not been able to point to any specific abuses, they were bound to be horrified by the confidentiality endemic to military and intelligence activities. And, of course, he's right that the procedures he's unveiled could lend themselves to abuse in the future.
But Big Brother is not the only danger facing the country. Another is the rising tide of distrust, the corrosive spread of cynicism, the fraying of the social fabric and the rise of people who are so individualistic in their outlook that they have no real understanding of how to knit others together and look after the common good.
This is not a danger Snowden is addressing. In fact, they are making everything worse.
For society to function well, there have to be basic levels of trust and cooperation, a respect for institutions and deference to common procedures. By deciding to unilaterally leak secret N.S.A. documents, Snowden has betrayed all of these things.
David Brooks complaining about the rise of distrust in government is a bit like Tywin Lannister moaning about the rise of the price of bread in King's Landing with all this war going on. Bobo's argument would be measured and even on-point if it wasn't for the quibbling little fact that Brooks has spent much of the last four years telling us that we can never completely trust Obama or their government because he's different from us, not like us, etc. etc. blah blah blah.
So now we see Brooks actually can make a salient point when it's convenient to him, that yes, Snowden arrogantly took it upon themselves as arbiter of the entire national security apparatus and that they directly betrayed the government they took an oath to serve, circumventing the Constitution's checks and balances.
That of course makes all their other vile drivel all the more hacktastic.
Bobo has decided in today's column that the only thing they can't stand more than the suspect, anti-colonialist, not-like-us President and their government is the notion that a Millennial Paulbot can cause so much damage to Bobo's status quo
Category: All Apparel Apparel >> Shirts Apparel >> Pants Apparel >> Outerwear Apparel >> Headwear Apparel >> Belts Apparel >> Eyewear Apparel >> Footwear Apparel >> Patches Ammunition Ammunition >> Pistol Ammunition Ammunition >> Rifle Ammunition Ammunition >> Shotgun Ammunition Firearm Accessories >> Magazines Firearm Accessories >> Rifle Accessories Firearm Accessories >> Rail Accessories Firearm Accessories >> Bipods Firearm Accessories >> Slings & Components Firearm Accessories >> SCAR Accessories Firearm Accessories >> Pistol Accessories Firearm Accessories >> Shotgun Accessories Firearm Accessories >> AK 47/74 Accessories Firearm Accessories >> 10-22 Accessories Firearm Accessories >> Bolt Action Accessories Firearm Parts >> Lower Receiver Parts Firearm Parts >> Upper Receiver & Parts Firearm Parts >> Complete Uppers Firearm Parts >> Weapon Maintenance Firearm Parts >> Pistol Parts Firearm Parts >> SCAR Parts Firearm Parts >> Shotgun Parts Firearm Parts >> Bolt Action Parts Firearm Parts >> AK 47/74 Parts Firearms & Weapons Firearms & Weapons >> AR Rifles Firearms & Weapons >> Lower Receivers Firearms & Weapons >> Pistols Firearms & Weapons >> Bolt Action Firearms & Weapons >> Shotguns Firearms & Weapons >> SCAR Firearms & Weapons >> 10/22 Firearms & Weapons >> Suppressors Firearms & Weapons >> Other Firearms Firearms & Weapons >> Edged Weapons Firearms & Weapons >> Tasers Holsters & Duty Gear Holsters & Duty Gear >> Holsters Holsters & Duty Gear >> DSG Holster Kits Holsters & Duty Gear >> Magazine Carriers Holsters & Duty Gear >> Ranger Rack Holsters & Duty Gear >> Holster Parts & Accessories Holsters & Duty Gear >> Duty Belts Holsters & Duty Gear >> Drop Leg Holsters Holsters & Duty Gear >> Batons & Holders Holsters & Duty Gear >> Cuffs & Keys Holsters & Duty Gear >> Flashlight Holders Holsters & Duty Gear >> OC Cases Illumination Illumination >> Weapon Lights Illumination >> Handheld Illumination Illumination >> Infrared Illumination >> Weapon Light Mounts Illumination >> Parts & Accessories Illumination >> Night Vision Illumination >> Helmet Mounted Lights Optics & Sights Optics & Sights >> Iron Sights Optics & Sights >> Magnified Optics Optics & Sights >> Non-Magnified Rifle Optics Optics & Sights >> Spotting Scopes & Binoculars Optics & Sights >> Laser Devices Optics & Sights >> Night & Thermal Sights Optics & Sights >> Scope Rings, Bases & More Optics & Sights >> Optic & Sight Accessories Packs, Cases & Pouches Packs, Cases & Pouches >> Pouches Packs, Cases & Pouches >> Organize Pouches Packs, Cases & Pouches >> Tactical Packs Packs, Cases & Pouches >> Weapon Cases Packs, Cases & Pouches >> Tool Bags Protective Gear >> Helmets Protective Gear >> Helmet Mounts & Accessories Protective Gear >> Vests & Chest Rigs Protective Gear >> Body Armor Protective Gear >> Gloves Protective Gear >> Hearing Protection Range Gear & Supplies Range Gear & Supplies >> Hydration Equipment Range Gear & Supplies >> Medical Supplies Range Gear & Supplies >> Shooting Mats Range Gear & Supplies >> DSG Cigar Co. Range Gear & Supplies >> Paint & Adhesives Deals & Weekly Specials Deals & Weekly Specials >> Overstocked Deals & Weekly Specials >> New Arrivals Deals & Weekly Specials >> Weekly Deals Deals & Weekly Specials >> Recently Back In Stock Deals & Weekly Specials >> Open Box Savings Alpha Holsters - OWB CDC Holsters - IWB HR Holsters - OWB HR Vertical Holsters - OWB Magazine Carriers Hardware & Accessories
Automatically search sub categories
Manufacturer: All DSG Arms 2A Armament Aero Precision Aervoe Industries Aimpoint Allen Engineering ALG Defense America Grip American Defense Manufacturing American Mountain Supply Arcteryx Armalite Armasight AWC Silencers B&T Industries B&T USA B5 Systems Battle Arms Benelli Usa Benchmade Beretta Bianchi Blackhawk Bravo Company Briley Bison Coolers Burris Bushnell Cat Tools CCI Close Quarters Defense Cloud Defensive CMC Triggers Combat Medical Custom Gun Rails Cyalume Technologies CZ D&H Tactical Dakota Ammo/Corbon Daniel Defense Danner Dead Air Desert Tech Drago Earth Easy Eberlestock Elcan Elftmann Tactical Elite Tactical Systems Ergo Federal Premium Ammunition Fiocchi Ammunition First Spear Fix It Sticks FN Fortis Mfg Fostech Foxtrot Mike Full Spectrum Solutions Gear Sector Geissele Automatics Gemtech Gerber Glock Grey Ghost Griffin Armament G.R.S.C. Gear Head Works Harris Engineering Hatch Havalon Knives Hawk Hill Heckler & Koch High Speed Gear Heads Up Mic Hogue Holosun Hoppes Hornady Impact Weapons Components Inforce IR Tools International Armor IWI JP Enterprises KAK Industry Kershaw Kestrel Kinetic Development Group Kinetic Research Group KNS Precision Kopfjager Industries L-3 Eotech L-3 Insight Technology Lancer Lantac Law Tactical Lasermax Leupold Lewis Machine & Tool Lowa Luth Ar LWRC Magpul Industries Magtech Ammunition Maxim Defense Mec-Gar USA Mechanix Wear Merrell MGM Targets Midwest Industries Mission First Tactical MSA Safety Night Stick Nikon Nordic Components Norgon Norotos Noveske Rifleworks Ops-Core Pact Pearce Grip Peltor PepperBall Plano POF Precision Armament Precision Reflex Princeton Tec Prometheus Arms Protech Tactical Pulsar Quarter Circle 10 Radian Weapons Remington Revision Military Rise Armament Rudolph Optics Ruger Safariland Salomon Sb Tactical Seekins Precision Sig Sauer Silynx Simunition Slik Slip 2000 SLR Rifleworks Smith & Wesson Smith Enterprise Spikes Tactical Spuhr Steiner Optics Storm Lake Streamlight Super Quick Clean Guns Surefire T3 Gear Tac Pro Tactical Solutions Tango Down Taran Tactical Team Wendy Techna Clip Thompson Machine Thunder Beast Arms Thyrm Timney Triarc Systems Trijicon Troy Industries Truglo United Shield Unity Tactical Vertx Victory First Viking Tactics Vltor Vortex Optics Wigwam Wilcox Wolff Co. Xs Sights Zero Tolerance Zev Technologies
Before I know it I'm sucked into the New York Times story and I haven't had my Prozac or anything.
Through the miracle of language, here we are, walking with U.S. troops on patrol through the streets of Mosul, and by the time the story's point has been thoroughly explicated, two kindergarten-age Iraqi boys, bait on the hook of evil, are blown to Kingdom Come by an IED that had been planted in the car in which they sat helplessly.
Even (or especially) if the story is true, I whistle in amazement at the triviality of the use to which it was put in this page-one article, "In Battle, Hunches Prove to Be Valuable", to illustrate the idea that intuition or a funny feeling that something's amiss can save the lives of soldiers fighting wars of occupation, or whatever. The story's focus was as narrow as a videogame, as though aimed, so to speak, primarily at the nation's couch potato warriors, who support our troops by reveling in virtual danger.
What happened, according to the article, is that the Americans were making the rounds one morning in 2004 when they spotted a car in which the two boys sat suffocating. It was 120 degrees outside. A soldier asked for permission to give them some water, but the commanding officer, inexplicably sensing danger, cried "Fall back!" an instant before the car exploded. No Americans were killed in the incident, but the boys "almost certainly" died, the article notes. (Did no one check?)
This story chills me to the core. Everything about it makes me cry, "Fall back!" Before we move on to further matters, we must, as readers, allow our hearts to rend for the murdered boys and stand in bewilderment at how such a thing could have happened: children as bomb bait, used to lure honest American soldiers to their doom? Well, anything is possible, but at the very least we must face the full horror of the phenomenon, which means refusing to regard it as an illustrative detail but the shocking consequence of a war that we, in fact, started.
The fact that the article asks nothing of the sort from us, or in any way evinces awareness of any context at all in which these deaths occurred -- except, of course, the simplistic context of good vs. evil -- becomes the second reason why we as readers must fall back, step away from this story and look at it with deep suspicion. And in so doing, we scan the whole terrain of American journalism and are able to see, and mourn, the paradoxical allegiances that are contributing to its collapse.
Every news story, whatever the medium that purveys it -- newspaper, television, radio, Internet -- has a frame: a verbal context that gives meaning to the raw data being presented. This frame can be painstakingly constructed of multiple and competing viewpoints to provide the audience with a fresh, hard-won understanding of a given event. But more often, the frames are shoddily constructed and prefab: simplistic narratives that coerce the participants in a given story into preassigned roles, regardless of the complexity of what actually happened.
Take, for instance, the "riot-suppression narrative," as discussed in a study, by the North American Congress on Latin America, of the coverage by Los Angeles television stations of a large immigrant rights rally in 2007. At one point, as marchers gathered in a park, Los Angeles police forcibly broke up the event, moving in on the participants with their batons. A total of 246 people were injured.
While the LAPD, in its own internal report, conceded that it had made many mistakes -- the attack was unprovoked, and no orders to disperse had been given -- the TV coverage portrayed the event as a riot forcibly but heroically contained by the police, distorting evidence and converting uncorroborated hearsay into fact in order to do so.
"Like all journalistic narrative frames, the riot-suppression narrative features a set of stock characters -- villains, victims, and heroes," wrote Otto Santa Ana, who headed the research team monitoring the coverage. The marchers, no matter that they included moms and dads and children in strollers, were the bad guys, the unruly mob.
To my mind, reporting like this represents the worst of American journalism: feeding the target audience what it expects to hear and not only hardening the divisions among people but perpetuating the idea that there's always an enemy. This keeps fear and the inevitability of nasty confrontation at the forefront of American consciousness and makes intelligent social policy impossible.
And the "riot-suppression narrative," of course, is merely a variation of the America at War narrative, with the same stock characters. The high-profile New York Times story has the same cheap frame, the same factual innocence: The enemy uses children as bomb bait while we offer them water.
Forget the children we've killed in staggering numbers with our bombs and in so many other ways. Indeed, forget everything. Just read the story. Better yet, turn on the TV.
Robert Koehler is an award-winning, Chicago-based journalist and nationally syndicated writer. You can respond to this column at koehlercw@gmail.com or visit their Web site at commonwonders.com.
- Launcher - Added a button (and a checkbox in crash report window), that offers to backup and delete all files that can potentially cause the stability problems. - Optimized ai processing of upgrades, should remove much of 1940+ performance spikes - A fix for a trade modifier not applied correctly if not bought the DLC. - Fix for RAJ Famine removal not really needing corruption squashing - Fix for Mexico Civil War inconsistencies - Fix for missing SAF factories from focus - Fix for missing INS convoys causing issues with trade/resource system - Fix for missing event in CAN focus tree - Fix for RAJ being able to pick ideology pushers without picking a path - Fix for South Africa releasing African countries as not communist in the anti-colonialist crusade - Fixed modifier capped 0-1, so you could never lower tension for sending volunteers for a country. - Fixed script that used values outside the intended range - Added port to Lesser Sundra Islands.
Patchlog:
Spoiler: Click for details
- Garrison order should now be more stable and not reassign units quite as much on changing priorities
- Allied AI now more hesitant to naval invade Germany and italy early on
- Fixed some bugs restricting AI from template updates
- Improved some target templates for AI
- Reduced AI tendency to suicide attack into enemy lines
- Fixed a problem in AI where front priorities would sometimes fluctuate wildly leading to a lot of front flip-flopping
- AI now considers distance a bit more so wont pull most of its army vs ethiopia back early on
- AI for observed country is no longer blocked from diplo responding when using human_ai
- Improved AIs ability to prepare against enemies that they only have an ally sharing border with
- Spearhead order no longer so concerned about protecting its flanks
- When a Spearhed front is split, all units stay on the front that has the spearhed order attached to it
- Fixed some event picture issues
- Made the focus "Burn the royal portraits" available if South Africa has already broken free
- Fixed some setup issues with NZL tech setup in 1939
- added cosmetic tag for Soviet-controlled Finland
- changed national focus to Test the USSR for Japan to account for Manchukuo existing
- Fixed a CTD in peace conferences
- Fixed an issue with map stripe coloring not updating in peace conferences
- Fixed some issues with credits
- Shortcut for spearhead order is now Shift+X rather than B which was conflicting with strategic redeployment
- CTD Fix: Launcher no longer has msaa and anisotropic filtering that could cause crashes.
- CTD Fix: if player deleted a mod while launcher was running, and then selected it
- CTD Fix: Should no longer crash in GUI if a modder deletes the vanilla window component
- CTD Fix: Sometimes when hotjoining using manual server ID
- CTD Fix: When using old saves or incompatible mods due to naval base positioning
- CTD Fix: Tooltiping lend lease as it finishes could cause crashes
- Fixed a crash on load with invalid mods, NOT a complete fix, It's something we are looking into more for future update to help players clear their document folder of invalid cache files and corruption.
PARIS, Oct 31 (Reuters) - France threatened on Wednesday to reject a European Union budget proposal for the 2014-2020 period if it implies cuts in the bloc's agriculture spending.
A compromise proposal on the EU long-term budget by the EU's Cypriot presidency, cutting more than 50 billion euros ($64.5 billion) from the original blueprint, ran into a crossfire of criticism on Tuesday from governments on both sides of the spending debate.
“We oppose the proposed reduction to the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which has already been the subject of significant (reduction) efforts in the original proposal of the European Commission,” French EU Affairs Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said in a statement.
“France would not support a multiannual budget that does not maintain the funds of the Common Agricultural Policy,” they added.
France is by far the largest beneficiary of the CAP.
It has been actively trying over the past months to find allies in its fight to keep the CAP stable after 2013, with its farm minister sealing deals to this effect with Germany, Spain and Italy earlier this month.
Britain on Wednesday weighed in; with a spokesperson for Prime Minister David Cameron saying the country would prefer to see a real terms decrease in the EU budget.
Cameron, who is currently demanding a real terms freeze in the 2014-2020 EU budget which would see it rise in line with inflation, has come under pressure at home to accept nothing less than a real terms cut in the budget.
The EU's proposal, which should be the basis of negotiations to seek a deal on the budget at a summit of EU leaders on Nov. 22-23, recommended the deepest cuts to infrastructure spending in the poorest member states.
Spending on farm subsidies, which account for about 40 percent of the current EU budget, would only fall by about 5 billion euros under the compromise. Direct payments to farmers would total more than 277 billion euros over seven years.
Cazeneuve said they were convinced other cuts in spending could be found to make the budget more compatible with the member states' efforts to reduce national debt.
They also indirectly repeated France's opposition to Britain's multi-billion annual budget rebate, won by Margaret Thatcher in 1984, to which France is one of the biggest contributors.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish anti-terrorism police detained 20 people in raids in the capital Ankara on Tuesday in connection with weeks of anti-government protests across the country, media reports said.
Protesters are attacked by police water cannon at the entrance Gezi Park near Istanbul's Taksim square June 15, 2013. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
The unrest began at the end of May when police used force against campaigners opposed to plans to redevelop a central Istanbul park. The protest spiraled into broader demonstrations against Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan and their government.
There have been daily protests in Ankara since then.
Police raided some 30 addresses in the capital, targeting people suspected of being members of an unspecified terrorist organization, broadcaster CNN Turk reported. Erdoğan has said the demonstrators were manipulated by “terrorists”.
CNN Turk said police carried out the operation after identifying people who had attacked officers, businesses and public property. A police spokesperson in Ankara said their department had no information on the raids.
Protests have lessened in recent days after a period of violent clashes, but police fired water cannon to disperse thousands in Istanbul's Taksim Square on Saturday and used tear gas in clashes with smaller groups in surrounding streets.
Erdoğan has held a series of mass rallies across the country since the trouble started, dismissing the protesters as pawns of Turkey's enemies and calling on their supporters to back their party in municipal elections in March.
The protests have highlighted divisions in Turkish society between religious conservatives who support Erdoğan and more liberal Turks who have swelled the ranks of demonstrators.
Four people have been killed in the unrest, including one police officer, and about 7,500 have been wounded, according to the Turkish Medical Association.
Thousands of people marched along a main avenue on the Asian side of Istanbul on Monday night to protest against a court decision to release from custody pending trial a police officer accused of shooting a protester dead in Ankara this month.
Turkey's handling of the unrest has drawn criticism from abroad. European Union ministers said they hoped to reach an agreement on Tuesday that would delay reviving membership talks with Turkey to signal concern over the issue.
About 50 nuclear bombs are stored at Incirlik airbase, which was closed after Turkey claimed coup plotters used it
The attempted coup in Turkey on Friday and the subsequent closure of the Incirlik airbase in the south of the country have raised fresh questions about the wisdom of the US stationing the biggest stockpile of nuclear weapons in Europe at such a vulnerable site.
Even before the abortive putsch, the potential terrorist threat to the base, 68 miles from the Syrian border, led to a significant upgrade in the security perimeter around the designated Nato area, where an estimated 50 B61 nuclear bombs are stored in 21 vaults. Friday's events have increased concerns over whether any such security enhancements can mitigate the risks of holding on to such a dangerous arsenal in such a volatile location.
The Turkish government claimed that some of the coup plotters were based at Incirlik and flew aircraft out of the shared base. It consequently closed air traffic out of the base and cut off its power supply, temporarily stopping US air operations against Islamic State extremists in Syria.
“I think the key lesson is that the benefits of storing nuclear weapons in Turkey are minimal but the risks have increased significantly over the past five years,” said Hans Kristensen, a nuclear weapons expert at the Federation of American Scientists. “I would say that the security situation in Turkey and in the base area no longer meet the safety requirements that the United States should have for storage of nuclear weapons. You only get so many warnings before something goes terribly wrong. It's time to withdraw the weapons.”
There are thought to be a total of 180 B61 bombs in Europe, in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands as well as Turkey. The tactical weapons are legacies of the cold war and largely seen as militarily obsolete. However, in the absence of a Nato consensus on removing them, they remain in place as tokens of US commitment to Europe's defence. Recently they have been earmarked for an expensive upgrade as the era of post-cold-war non-proliferation comes to a halt.
Ian Kearns, the director of the European Leadership Network thinktank, said: “If they are stationed at a place base that intelligence suggests is a target of terrorists attacks and prone to instability, it is no longer reasonable to keep them there.”
The coup and the involvement of Incirlik also raises wider questions about Turkey's role in Nato.
“It says a lot about the ability of Turkey to operate in coalition operations if its army can't be trusted,” said Aaron Stein, a resident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council thinktank. “To have rogue air force commanders flying around Turkey poses a lot of scenarios that Nato hasn't planned for.”
Stein added: “The fundamental understanding of Turkey as of 48 hours ago was that it was a difficult ally to work with, with a risk of autocratic backslide, but it was stable. Now its a difficult ally, with the autocratic backslide maybe going into fast-forward. And it's unstable.”
One of the things that marks out the 2014 Le Mans 24 Hours was the amount of pit gossip that there was. Usually there are a few quiet whispers, little tit bits, some true, some half true and others downright lies conjured up for various reasons. In this post I'm going to try to navigate my way through what amounted to the loudest game of Chinese whispers ever heard.
Rumour 1. Ferrari is building a LMP1
This was the biggest point of discussion at Le Mans, fuelled by a number of factors but primarily just the fact that some people wanted it to be true. Some in the paddock insisted that the annual ACO Press Conference had been put back by a day to announce the return of a ‘fan favourite' and ‘a name from the past'. As Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso was to wave the starting flag many interpreted this a sure sign that Ferrari was going to announce its return, some even insisted that senior Ferrari sources had told them that it was the case. This was of course nonsense.
The rumours of a ‘fan favourite' returning to Le Mans came from Radio Le Mans, which had hoped to announce the return of Chuck Dressing to the commentary team for the race, but that did not come to pass. Many had seen this as related to the rumoured ACO announcement. But it wasn't yet the rumours merged somehow.
The ACO press conference was delayed by a day so that the WEC renewal contract could be signed in person by Jean Todt who was only attending the track on the Saturday.
So Ferrari was never going to announce anything at Le Mans, but that is not to say that there will not be an announcement in future. Ferrari has openly stated its interest in the LMP1 class, and it seems to fit well with the brand. However Ferrari's F1 power unit, whilst legal under the LMP1 technical regulations does not produce enough power to compete at Le Mans. Also it is under performing in Grand Prix racing and needs to get that house in order before doing anything else.
It is almost certain that if a Ferrari LMP1 project goes ahead it will not be until at least 2016, and more likely 2017.
But one element of the rumour was kind of correct…
Rumour 2: An old brand returns
One of the rumours in the ‘Ferrari returns' nonsense was that an old brand from the history of the Le Mans 24 hours was about to return. This one was actually nearly true, but had nothing to do with Ferrari. Frazer Nash had been working in secret on a 2015 Garage 56 project, and a 2016 LMP1 entry, Sergio Rinland was thought to have been the lead designer of the car but for some reason the project stopped in the Spring of 2014. This leaves Le Mans 2015 with apparently no 56th entry.
Rumour 3: Ford
We have been blamed for this one – or rather Racecar Engineering Editor Andrew Cotton has been. At the launch of the Nissan LMP1 project in London, Andrew was asked by Radio Le Mans who they thought could join the LMP1 ranks, in reply they said “Ford and BMW.” Some took this to somehow mean that Ford was definitely doing LMP1 next year and some others even went as far as trying to get a denial from Ford. Not difficult to get considering nobody ever said that Ford was returning! In fact it was all based on a misunderstanding.
However Ford is known to have seriously evaluated a return to Le Mans, It's though an LMP2 design was done, but the decision was taken to put the Ecoboost engine in the back of a Daytona Prototype instead. GTE could still be on the cards, Multimatic is thought to have developed a GTE spec Mustang but the project did not progress. Tantalisingly though 2016 is the 50th anniversary of Fords clean sweep of the podium at Le Mans.
Ford is thought to be working on a high level motorsport project with Cosworth but little is known about it.
Rumour 4: Mazda returns
Well if Ford is not returning then how about its close relation Mazda? It seems that this rumour may be true. Mazda runs two diesel engined LMP2 Lola's in the TUSCC but they were notably absent from Le Mans. This is because the ACO initially decided to allow diesels into LMP2 then did a U-turn and banned them again, leaving Mazda with no class to race in. Director of Motorsport at Mazda North America John Doonan arrived at Le Mans admitting that their intention was for the brand to run a Le Mans Prototype in the 24 hours in 2015 but they did not know which category it would be in.
Rumour 5: Toyota in LMP2
This one seems to have some truth to it.
TMG first discussed doing LMP2 in Racecar Engineering this time last year, the Cologne based motorsport consultancy (which is wholly owned by Toyota) saw the junior prototype class as a potential source of new business. However it seems that a full Toyota LMP2 design is unlikely, however TMG did confirm that it was still looking at offering a LMP2 specification engine to go alongside the LMP1-L specification RV8K engine used by Rebellion.
It is thought the Toyota USA via TRD is also keen for an LMP2 programme of some sort so it can compete with Ford, GM and Honda in TUSCC. This would also allow teams like SARD and TOMS to compete at Le Mans again.
Rumour 6: Toyota would have left WEC if it had won at Le Mans.
This one is probably nonsense. There was a suggestion that Toyota would have pulled out of the WEC at the end of 2014 if it had won Le Mans, to allow it to prepare fully for a return to the WRC in 2017. Fanning the rumour a little was the fact that Toyota quit the WRC years ago stating that ‘it had nothing left to prove', on the flip side
TMG confirmed that it was already working on a 2015 version of the TS040 on Radio Le Mans.
Rumour 7: Green GT is not dead
This is true. Its not. Will it ever run at Le Mans? we doubt it.
Rumour 8+: LMP2 round up.
There are a huge number of very specific rumours doing the rounds about LMP2 cars at the moment – so here is a round up.
SMP doing a chassis in house, this was confirmed at Le Mans, it will be powered by a Zytek-Nissan.
Bailey LMP2. Sadly it seems that the South African LMP2 project has died, though a car was built and shown at Le Mans no customers willing to pay for the development to bring it up to 2014 specification was found. The car was never homologated and the new rules mean that it must be homologated with an all new chassis. A shame.
Dome S103. The car will be on the grid later this season, it is expected to be highly competitive.
A new Lola. Despite Lola going out of business, Multimatic has a number of the companies former staff and much of its equipment, Julian Sole who designed the Le Mans Prototype has admitted to ‘working on something'.
Wolf LMP2. Italian firm Wolf has been flirting with the top levels of sportscar racing for some time now, initially it announced at Daytona Prototype design, but it never appeared. The company though is actively producing a range of just sub LMP2 sportscars (in fact one of them lapped Spa faster than the WEC LMP2 pole time recently). There has been little discussion of the Wolf LMP2 since the project was announced last year, but it may still happen. Tantalisingly the rendering of the Wolf GB12 LMP2 has a Hyundai logo on the rear wing – that is not a rumour we have heard yet!
Highly Rated Copy URL
View Post
This is a more in depth look at damage to accompany the FAQ I wrote. It is my understanding of how damage works, how it interacts with spells, intelligence, +damage, elemental damage, etc.
Unlike in D2, a wizard cares deeply about their weapon. It isn't just a “stat stick” with bonuses on it. No longer are casters fairly equipment independent. All offensive skills have their damage based on the weapon you have equipped. For example Magic Missle does 110% of your weapon damage, as arcane damage.
Weapon damage is used for spell damage. And weapon attack speed factors into your casting speed. Faster weapons cast faster too.
How does Damage WORK?
----------Base Damage--------
Lets take a look at Magic Missile, and a wand (weapon or axe) with a 8-12 damage range, once per second, this results in an average 10 DPS. This is what your weapon reports as DPS, the other stats are there, but in the small print.
The weapon damage is the actual damage the weapon has, not DPS. This is why 2 hand weapons are often favored. They do more damage, but slower. So they may do 15 damage, but only 0.65 times per second. That's still 10 DPS. But the spell amplifies the damage more, as it starts with more.
+damage items, such as rings, increase this base damage. This is a key factor to increasing your total damage output, as it gets magnified by all other damage multipliers (spells, int, skills).
----Intelligence Bonus -------
The intelligence percentage works like this. Each point of intelligence boosts damage by 1%. So 110 int, increases damage by 110%. That is a 2.1 multiplier (shifting it from % to decimals, and treating it as a 100% increase)
--Spell Bonus--
Magic Missile then comes into effect, and deals damage specified it by its spell effect, listed as 110% under the skill. So it takes the damage listed in your inventory screen, and does 110%. If you did 100 damage, MM will hit for 110 damage.
--Putting it all together--
To determine the spell damage you take your:
(Weapon Damage with +damage from items) * Intelligence % * Spell Effect
So, if we start with a wand that averages 10 damage we get:
Weapon Damage (10) * Intelligence (2.10) * Spell Effect (1.10) for: 23.1 damage.
Now, if you increase the weapon damage, the effect grows. Not only does the weapon provide a bigger base damage to start with, but the % increase from intelligence and the spell have a bigger impact. 10% of 15, is larger than 10% of 10 for example.
So if we use a weapon that does 15 damage (the extra 5 damage from the weapon, or +damage items) we get:
15*2.1*1.1 = ~34.6 Damage.
That 5 additional damage gave us a head start, but the int and spell effect also gave us ~19.6 damage from intelligence and spell effect, while the 10 damage weapon only gained us 13.1 from our base.
This means, especially at low levels, that an increase in weapon damage, either from the weapon, or +damage rings etc, can have a huge effect on your damage output. That +damage is added to your base weapon damage, so it's also amplified by your intelligence and your spell effects. If you have to choose between +damage or +int, go for the damage.
At higher levels, when adding 5 or 6 damage to your base isn't that big an increase the need to prefer damage over intelligence boosts evens out a lot more.
The short version of this is that the damage reported on your inventory screen is the damage the skills boost when you cast them. If you get that number up, through whatever combination of items, your spell damage will go up. It factors in all items and modifiers before the spell automatically.
The damage increase listed when comparing items
The damage increase listed in the stat summary of the items, when you compare them, is accurate, as best as I can determine. If it says your damage will increase 10 points by swapping the items, it appears accurate when I test by monitoring Hydra damage.
There is only one catch. For the time being, when comparing a 2H weapon to a 1H weapon, the game only reports the damage increase from swapping the weapons only. It does not factor in the loss of any bonuses from your offhand item. After you swap out a 1H item for a 2H, check the inventory screen for the final result, listed on the left side of the inventory window. When comparing a 1h to a 1h or a 2h to a 2h, the item reports the correct change in stats.
Elemental or Bonus Damage on a weapon:
So you have a 10dps sword, with +2 cold damage…why don't you strike for 12 damage?
--The damage listed on the weapon is already integrated into the weapons base damage. The DPS takes it into account. You can confirm this by socketing a Ruby into your weapon. The base damage jumps, AND it lists the rubies bonus…so it does the math for you, but lets you know in case you have any +Cold damage % skills, which will only effect the +2 cold damage (not the entire weapon damage).
--The spells you cast usually replace the elemental damage type with their own. +2 cold damage from a physical blow will chill or freeze an enemy. From Magic missile, it's converted to arcane, and will not chill your target. The damage is still there, in the base damage. It just isn't cold damage anymore. Some spells retain the damage type. Spectral blades IIRC will deal cold damage if using a cold weapon.
2H vs 1H weapons
Now, does this mean that bigger base damage (i.e. 2H weapons) are always better than 1H? First, that's gear dependent. If you get a nice off hand item you may end up doing more damage if you factor in it's bonuses. Second you give up any other perks the off hand item provides. So no blocking from shields, less magical abilities (only one item worth in the 2H, vs the two items worth in the 1h & offhand). That can factor into decisions.
Weapon Speed
Wizards still care about this, as many spells casting time is linked to the weapon speed. If you have a faster weapon you can cast more spells per second. This is really good if you rely on signature (free) spells, or have abilities that you want to trigger. This, btw, is often refered to as a "proc" for programmed random occurance. For example the lightning rune on magic weapon can trigger extra lightning strikes. Faster casts mean more chances for it to proc. (Thanks Leetnoob)
However if you like big burst damage spells (arcane orb) you may just want more damage. The limiting factor for them is not how fast you can cast them, but that you can only cast 3 or so before you are out of AP. Some spells, like Hydra, are extreme examples. You only get 1 hydra….doesn't matter how fast you cast it, so more damage outweighs faster weapons, so 2H weapons win there. (Thanks Morphos)
For channeled spells (rays and torrent) the 2H weapons can still outperform faster 1H weapons, and this comes down, again, to mana cost. The two weapon types will have similar DPS, but the 1H weapons trigger more often (as seen by a "pulse" in the beams), draining AP more often. So you spend more AP per damage point, for the same DPS. Unless you have some abilities you want to proc, this may be to inefficient for some builds & gear sets. (Thanks Dedna & JumpSec)
This doesn't mean 1H weapons (with a good offhand) are automatically worse. It is possible to make up for the AP "inefficiency" of 1H weapons. Faster casting essentially costs more AP per second, meaning a fast caster will be out of AP and have to wait for the recharge. The advantage of the 1H is that they won't just wait during this phase. A skilled player will spam the "free" signature spells during this time. This may be enough to close the damage gap between the weak AP spells of faster casts, compared to the strong AP spells of slow casts.
It can also be argued that it allows more flexibility and control. A fast caster will throw out 3 weaker Arcane Orbs (AO) really fast to smash the front ranks of a crowd, then fire off some chain lightning to catch stragglers, or try to get the back ranks (where summoners like to hide). If you throw in some other abilities triggered on each hit (paralysis, AP on crit) you may make up for the AP inefficiency in other ways (signature spells runed for AP gain)
Whether or not it's worth the extra work is up to the user, the available gear and their playstyle.
Damage Boosting Skills (MAGIC WEAPON)
Magic Weapon boosts your weapon damage, which increases spell damage. This bonus is applied alongside the intelligence and spell effect boosts. So a 10% boost from magic weapon on a 100 damage item, makes it a 110 damage item. If you have a 200% intelligence boost, and spell effect (to make the math easy) that gives you 440 damage output. Without the magic weapon, you would get 400 damage.
Note: Magic weapon may be bugged, and providing a 20% damage boost instead of the 10% reported on the skill.
These skills all stack, so if you get 10% from MW, 20% from the slow time rune, those both multiply your base damage. So the 100 damage item is run through:
100 damage * 2 (200% intelligence) * 2(spell effect %) * 1.1 (10% MW) *1.2 (slow time rune) = 528 damage
Some skills, like Familiar, do not boost the damage, as they fire their own bolt of energy at your target. The end effect is the enemy takes more damage (at the 20% familiar reports) it's just not from your arcane orb, or other spells. That is unless you select a specific rune.
Lightning Motorcycles is headquartered in Silicon Valley but it is relying on the Battery Innovation Center in Indiana to help it accomplish an almost impossible goal — building an electric motorcycle that can go from San Francisco to Los Angeles on a single battery charge. That's a tall order, considering that the Tesla Model S 100D — which features a 100 kWh battery — is the longest range production vehicle in the world today and has a range of “only” 335 miles.
“We see ourselves as following in the footsteps of Tesla, and accomplishing the San Francisco-to-Los Angeles run would show that range anxiety is becoming a thing of the past,” says Richard Hatfield, head of Lightning Motors.  They are no stranger to long distance electric vehicles, having been part of a team that built an electric Porsche race car in 1995. Since Lightning Motors was founded in 2006, it has set a land speed record for electric motorcycles and won the grueling Pikes Peak “Race To The Clouds” in 2013.
The Battery Innovation Center is a nonprofit organization that works with industry leaders, universities, and government agencies to rapidly develop, test, and commercialize batteries and storage systems that are safe, reliable and lightweight. Its clients include the State of Indiana, the Japanese technology company NEC, and Duke Energy.
“We work with companies like Lightning to pair them with cutting edge energy storage makers to make things like the 500-mile ride possible,” its president, David Roberts, says. “We think that with the technology as it stands right now, the ride is entirely achievable. Companies come to us for energy storage solutions that may not be ready for prime-time just yet,” Roberts explains. “They come to us saying, ‘I need so much energy in so much area. Can you do it?' From there, we help develop, test and manufacture the batteries in the hopes of helping these companies turn breakthrough technology into commercially available batteries that can handle real-world demands.”
How soon will Lighting Motors have an electric motorcycle with 500 miles of range ready for the run to LA? Not tomorrow, certainly, but soon. And when that day comes, the lessons learned will trickle down to help drive the quest for lighter, more powerful, and less expensive batteries for all electric vehicles. If Richard Hatfield can make it happen for a motorcycle, it won't be long before an electric car can go that far or further. Innovation is a very exciting thing.
Source: Forbes
Christopher Pattichis, the founder of a daycare in Brossard and Lasalle, who was arrested Wednesday for possession of child pornography, says they are not only innocent — they are also a victim.
"I am not guilty of what these charges imply, and moreover feel that I am a victim of internet hacking and spamming. I have never been involved in anything even remotely associated with these accusations," Pattichis, 42, said in a statement released to the media Thursday.
"I was spammed via social media [in] a series of illicit, grotesque and disturbing images. This occurred while I was sleeping. When I woke up to find my Facebook and OneDrive had been blocked, I had realized that these images had been registered in my smart phone."
Pattichis's statement went on to say that they deleted the images, but they were automatically linked to a cloud-drive. They said they notified the social media sites that they had been spammed.
"I have made [a] detailed statement to the police with regards to this matter, and have surrendered all my electronic equipment for forensic analysis."
Pattichis was arrested Wednesday morning, when police raided their Brossard home. Their electronics were seized.
Pattichis, who is the founder of Les Canaries daycare in Brossard and Les Canaries 2 in Lasalle, has stepped down from their duties.
"I chose to do so as a matter of etiquette, in order to protect the daycare and reassure parents," Pattichis said in their statement.
I am not guilty of what these charges imply, - Christopher Pattichis
"I wish the public to know that I deplore and abhor all forms of child abuse, including any form of child pornography. In my 14-year career in childcare, I have always made safety and security my administration's top priority."
After Pattichis was arrested at their Brossard home Wednesday morning, Longueuil police spoke out to reassure the daycare's parents. A police spokesperson said they were never alone with any child and the pictures seized were not photographs of any children from the daycare.
Parents upset
CBC met with several parents Wednesday evening, as they were picking up their children from their Lasalle daycare.
Some said they were upset to learn about the charges through the media and will no longer send their children to the daycare.
"I'm looking for a new daycare and I will inform them that my daughter will no longer be at the daycare anymore. This will be their last day there," said Shannon Mitchell.
Pattichis's daycares have made headlines before.
In January, a daycare worker at Les Canaries 2 was fired for hitting a child.
Meanwhile, in 2012, two directors from their chain of daycares "G-Souriant" were accused of hitting an employee.
It's far too often that the term “killer” gets thrown around in tech blogs. And yes, we're just as bad as anybody. But what if I told you that a service that gets 6 billion photo uploads each month, and has nearly 100 billion photos total, is about to launch a new photo sharing app for the iPhone? And what if I told you that it looks awesome? Yeah, you'd call it a killer too.
Such an app appears to be exactly what Facebook is on the verge of releasing. How do we know? We have obtained roughly 50 MB of images and documents outlining the entire thing.
To be honest, we're still sorting through all of them. But again, the app looks amazing. We've heard that internally it is being called either “Hovertown” or “WithPeople”. And while it looks like a stand-alone app right now, there are also signs that it could be eventually integrated into Facebook's main iPhone app — as well as the main site.
Either way, based on the images in front of us, the best way to think about it appears to be Path meets Instagram meets Color meets (Path's new side project) With — with a few cool twists. And obviously, it's built entirely on top of Facebook's massive social graph.
For now, here's a quick sneak peek at the app. We're going to have to rework some of these images to be able to post them. Look for that tomorrow.
Coincidentally, it was almost exactly two years ago when a hacker infiltrated the accounts of a few Twitter employees, and sent us hundreds of confidential documents about the company. That gave us a bit of a moral quandary as to what we should post and what we shouldn't. That was not the case here. It's so much easier when a scrapbook outlining a massive company's next killer product just curls up in your lap.
More to come. A lot more.
Update: Here we go! Behold: Facebook's Secret Photo Sharing App
The duo, who co-own the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers and the NHL's New Jersey Devils, are reportedly close to completing a deal to take 18 per cent of the London club, equal to co-chairperson Steve Parish, who will retain control on a day-to-day basis.
Parish's fellow Palace fans Stephen Browett, Jeremy Hosking and Martin Long, who alongside the former rescued the club from bankruptcy in 2010, will reduce their present 25 per cent stakes to 15.33 per cent.
Speaking to the BBC, Parish, who is expected to prioritise redeveloping Selhurst Park, said: "(I am) really hopeful we can get it done.
"I want to move fast and to do that you need big funds. I'm prepared to do my bit, the three boys who are involved with me are prepared to do their bit.
"But we need to bring some new people in to accelerate it and make sure we've got everything we need. If I was a Palace fan, and I am, I'd be fantastically excited about the future.
"I really want to see the club fulfil the potential it should have fulfilled. We've had our share of bad luck: it's time we put the record straight.
"There is a real buzz about soccer, football, in the US and we need to capitalise on it. So we'll be back and forth here as much as we can trying to grab our fair share of support."
The investment from Blitzer and Harris - the latter, who was once credited with a serious interest in buying out Palace's South London rivals Charlton in 2013 - is also expected to be spent on upgrading the club's already recently-improved training ground, and scouting network.
Which one of these characters is a young Leatherface?
We're just over a month away from the release of Alexandre Bustillo and Julien Maury's Leatherface, a prequel to Tobe Hooper's original classic that goes all the way back to the beginning. We exclusively debuted the film's red band trailer last month, and now EW got their hands on a brand new, green band version.
Thankfully, the new trailer isn't just the first one with the gory bits cut out. Rather, it's an entirely new trailer, loaded with footage we hadn't previously seen. It also presents much more of a plot than the asupervisorstioned red band trailer, giving us a better idea of what to expect when the chainsaw revs back up next month.
In Leatherface, Jessica Madsen plays one of four inmates (Sam Coleman, Sam Strike, James Bloor) who escapes from a mental hospital. One of them becomes the title character and iconic slasher.
Vanessa Grasse, Stephen Dorff and The Conjuring‘s Lili Taylor also star.
Here's the official synopsis for the film, penned by Seth M. Sherwood:
“In Texas, years before the events of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, in the early days of the infamous Sawyer family, the youngest child is sentenced to a mental hospital after a suspicious incident leaves the sheriffs' daughter dead. Ten years later, they kidnap a young nurse and escapes with 3 other inmates. Pursued by authorities including the deranged sheriff out to avenge their daughter's death, the young Sawyer teen goes on a violent road trip from hell, molding them into the monster known now as Leatherface.”
The film will get an exclusive DirecTV release on September 21, 2017, with a limited theatrical run and full VOD release through Lionsgate revved up for October 20, 2017.
Study shines new light on damaging UV rays
Updated
There is new evidence that the sun's UV rays are even more damaging than once thought.
The sun emits two kinds of UV rays to the earth's surface: UVA and UVB.
It had been thought that those rays do not damage the deeper layers of the skin as much as they damage the top layers.
New research from King's College London has found that is the case for UVB rays, but not for UVA rays.
The study has found UVA rays are more carcinogenic than previously realised - a finding scientists say underscores how important it is to limit exposure to the sun and to tanning studios.
The study was led by Antony Young, Professor of experimental photobiology at King's College.
"The damage seemed to increase as it went through the epidermis and we think that is due to a form of backscatter in other words, the damage goes through and is somehow reflected back," they said.
That is significant because the deepest layer of the skin, the basal layer, is where cells divide.
"Dividing cells or cells that divide to produce the rest of the epidermis, if they carry mutations that has possible consequence in terms of skin cancer. We must try to protect the basal layer," Professor Young said.
The research suggests that UVA rays are more carcinogenic than previously realised.
The problem is, they are also more prevalent.
"In sunlight, UVB represents at most 5 or 6 per cent of the UV rays so the vast majority is UVA, whereas with UVB the intensity is very dependent on the height of the sun," Professor Young said.
"We advise people to avoid the sun at noon for example. With UVA, there is much less variation with the height of the sun so the strength of UVA is reasonably constant throughout the day and doesn't change so much with season compared to UVB.
"So we are exposed to quite a lot of uvas."
Lines of defence
Professor Michael Kimlin, the director for the Centre for Research Excellence in Sun and Health, says it is also more evidence of the dangers of sunbeds.
"Depending on which brand and style of solarium, it certainly does alter what type of UV is emitted but typically, typically it's UVA exposure and a little bit of UVB," they said.
They say most sunscreens on Australian shelves are broad-spectrum, which protect against UVB and UVA rays.
"The Australian standard does acknowledge that UVA can be harmful and most of the sunscreens used in the market today are actually what they call broad-spectrum including UVB and UVA protection," they said.
"But I guess the message is that sunscreens shouldn't be the first line of defence.
"Really, this study shows we do need to look at limiting our exposure and trying to stay out of the sun where possible."
The research has been published in the Journal of Investigative Dermatology.
Topics: health, environment, diseases-and-disorders, skin-cancer, research, science-and-technology, england, united-kingdom
First posted
As you probably are well aware of, the way your office space looks will define how clients perceive your company and how well your employees perform their daily tasks. A functional and aesthetically pleasing work space translates to an overall good impression. For employees, this translates to increased productivity. For clients, this gives off an image of professionalism.
Why The Need For Regular Office Carpet Cleaning
Many offices these days have carpeted floors. Keeping your office carpets impeccably clean on a regular basis is one of the most important tasks of sprucing up your office interiors. Nothing is worse than a badly maintained carpet littered with stains, footwear marks, and other signs of neglect. Spic and span corners, lovely lighting, and even the most modern furniture can never mask a drab carpet and can turn away potential clients right away.
This is why there is a great need to clean carpets not only thoroughly but also regularly. Depending on the floor coverage of your carpet, you need to contract the services of Office Carpet Cleaning professionals who have the expertise at removing stains and other unsightly marks that aren't too easy to get rid of.
Easy Office Carpet Cleaning Tips
Employing regular cleaning services does not mean you can neglect your carpet until the next cleaning day. All carpet cleaning professionals will impress upon you the importance of avoiding carpet stains at all times in order to make your carpets last longer.
Aside from scheduling regular professional cleaning, you can also place area rugs at entrances and exits of your office. These are high-traffic areas and tend to get easily battered more than any other part of your carpet, and placing area rugs will cushion the effect somehow. You should also refrain from pouring water on stains since water spreads the stain to more areas of the carpet and brings the stain deeper into the fabric.
Consult your cleaning professional for specific tips regarding stains caused by spills.
2017 Kickoff!
We're already a month into 2017, and what an exciting new year Shantae is having already! First, a huge thanks to everyone who helped make the launch of Shantae: Half-Genie Hero a huge success! Whether you pledged a lot or a little, helped promote, created content for the game, streamed, or demonstrated patience during the launch period, we want to extend a very heartfelt thank you!
Scores!
Shantae: Half-Genie Hero has been very well received by Shantae Fans and the community as a whole! Go ahead and tell your family and friends that you backed a winner! Here's what people are saying about your game!
9/10 from Nintendo Life, Nintendo Force, Nintendo World Report, the SixthAxis, Digitally Downloaded
from Nintendo Life, Nintendo Force, Nintendo World Report, the SixthAxis, Digitally Downloaded 8/10 from Kotaku, IGN, Worth Playing, PlayStation Lifestyle, Gamespot
from Kotaku, IGN, Worth Playing, PlayStation Lifestyle, Gamespot Steam users have named it “Overwhelmingly Positive”, which requires a 95% positive review!
Reviews are still rolling in, but why not take a moment to pat each other on the back! Great job, everyone!!
So… What's Next?
During the month of January, we've been doing some housecleaning. Here's what we've been up to:
MISSING BACKER CODES: Over the holiday we expanded our support team to help get everyone taken care of! There are still a few people left to help, so we're making this our top priority.
UPDATE 1.01: Since launch we've been fixing bugs! We've been snooping around social media, and digging through support emails to improve the game's stability in numerous ways. Now we're getting ready to submit Version 1.01, which will make all versions of the game up to date. This update will also contain a special “thank you” surprise, which we'll reveal in our next Kickstarter Update - We hope you look forward to it!
PHYSICAL REWARDS: Work on the physical rewards has begun in earnest! T-shirts, the Collector's Coin, Music CDs, the Lenticular Poster, and the Art Book are either being designed, are are in production. We're prioritizing quality over timeliness, same as with the game. So thank you for being patient. You've waited a long time, and we want these things to be awesome!
DLC Content is in the Works!
The game may be over, but the DLC will continue! Here's a quick status update on all of the DLC!
TINKERBAT DLC: The playable Tinkerbat form is now complete and in test! We expect this to be our first DLC release. We'll have an ETA on that as soon as we've submitted Update 1.01.
DLC MODES: We've already started work on the Risky Boots, Sky, Bolo, Rottytops, Beach, Ninja, and Officer Modes! We plan to release Risky Boots Mode first, and that's where we're putting the majority of our dev efforts now!
BLUE SHANTAE, CLASSIC RISKY, and SWORD: This download code is planned to include all 3 of these features, and will arrive after the Risky Boots DLC drops. We need Risky's mode to be completed before we can recolor her, and we want to lump all of this Backer content into a single submission to make the code distribution easier for everyone.
Credits Survey
Some Backers were not able to be credited in the game for a variety reasons - usually due to unsupported characters, character length, etc. We're going to work with you to fix that ASAP! In the coming weeks we'll be sending out a survey to everyone affected, so we can update the game with the right info. We'll cover the specifics in our next Kickstarter Update, so look forward to that!
Goodbye to Early Access!
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Early Access reward tier! Now that the game has shipped, the Early Access version (in it's current form) will be discontinued. Since the Early Access version won't be receiving bug-fixes or DLC, we're shutting it down so that no one is confused, or playing the wrong version down the line. The game will revert to it's previous “demo” state on March 1st. Thanks!
Playstation TV
As you may already know, support for the Playstation TV did not make it into the final product. If you've dreamed of playing PS Vita on the big screen, fret no longer! Today we're happy to announce that PSTV support is back, and will be included in Update 1.01! Huge thanks to our friends at Xseed and Sony for helping us add this feature!
Goodbye for now!
Thank you, and here's to a happy and productive 2017!
After their release from prison, former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik walks with Joie Chen along their old police beat in the Times Square area. America Tonight
They have one of the most glittering resumes in the security business. The president of the United States said so themselves when they tapped Bernard Kerik for one of the top posts in their administration. Kerik never got the job. Revelations of tax fraud and corruption landed them in court and then in prison. And those 36 months on the other side of the bars have transformed Kerik's views of America's criminal justice system. “If we continue to incarcerate black men at the same rate we have for the last 30 years, 30 years from now, probably 75 percent of every black man in this country is going to be incarcerated,” Kerik told “America Tonight.” “Is that what we want? Is that what the system was created for? The system is broken.”
Crime-fighting their way to the top
Bernie Kerik began their career in the New York Police Department as a beat cop in Times Square in the 1980s.
Kerik knows the justice system from many sides. He's been a military police officer, a warden, a beat cop and commissioner of the New York City Department of Corrections, where they oversaw 16 jails, including Rikers Island. In 2000, they were named New York City police commissioner. In 2001, they helped then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani lead the city's badly shaken police officers and firefighters out of the rubble of the 9/11 attacks. In 2003, the George W. Bush administration appointed them as Iraq's interim minister of interior. And then, in 2004, the president nominated Kerik to lead the Department of Homeland Security.
“And I believe rightfully so,” said Kerik. “I think I could have done a great job. I know I could have done a great job. My background and history speaks for itself.” The ascent was all the more staggering given Kerik's starting point. Their mother was an alcoholic prostitute murdered by their pimp. Kerik was a high school dropout, who later went back to get their GED. “And one day I'm standing in the Oval Office with the president of the United States … He's asking if I'd like a job. And they wanted me for that job,” said Kerik. “Which is sometimes very insane when I think about it, given where I came from. But this is America. And you know, that's what happens in America.” Now, if they were to advise someone nominated for a top administration spot, they have a different take: “Don't do it.”
Top cop to criminal
In February 2010, Kerik was sentenced to four years in prison.
Almost as quickly as they were anointed, Kerik was nailed on allegations that they had hired a nanny who carried phony documents and was tarred with whispered allegations of ties to shady contractors, even organized crime. They were forced to withdraw their nomination. “Listen, everybody has skeletons in your closet,” they said. “What happens when you become the target of the political arena, in a circumstance like this, it can be quite devastating.”
In 2009, the former top cop copped pleas to eight felony tax and false-statement charges, including lying to the White House. They were sent to a federal minimum-security prison in Cumberland, Md. “People in the press, they get a kick out of it,” Kerik said. “‘Club Fed, country club.' You know what, go live there … Don't tell me it's some luxurious country club. It's not. It's prison.” Kerik's three years as an inmate gave them a new perspective on the world of criminal justice, where he'd spent their entire career. They now firmly believes that America locks too many people up. “When you put someone in prison because they were a commercial fisherman who caught too many fish or because someone enhanced their income in a mortgage application to buy their first home … I met those people,” they said.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani mentored Kerik through their meteoric rise and recommended them to the Bush administration. “I also met young black men and Hispanic men out of urban America that were sentenced to 10 years, and 15, and 20 years for first-time nonviolent drug offenses,” they continued. “Ten years for a kid who sells, or buys, or possesses 5 grams of cocaine? Five grams is the weight of three sugar packets from Dunkin' Donuts. You're putting a kid in prison for 10 years?” Kerik's short stint in solitary confinement has also made them a staunch opponent of the practice. “It's mentally abusive,” they said. “You hallucinate. You talk to yourself. It breaks down the mental psyche. It's inhumane in many ways.” Kerik believes their background, from crime fighter to inmate, makes them uniquely positioned to advocate for reform. The question is simply whether people will listen. “Today I'm a convicted felon,” they said. “There aren't that many second chances for convicted felons. So I don't know what that next act is. I can't say. I don't know.”
Donald Trump opened a cabinet meeting by inviting the media in to hear the important business of the country. What did the country hear? First, Trump took time to praise himself, saying that “nobody would have believed” how many jobs were created in the last seven months … which was less than the jobs created in the previous seven months. And that the papers were full of “big stories” about new mines opening. By which, they mean this …
Corsa Coal Corp. will supply coal used in making steel and is expected to generate up to 100 fulltime jobs.
There was also a self-celebration of Trump's great achievements as a signer of legislation. Which are the greatest. The most ever. It may be hard to think of a single piece of substantive legislation that bears Trump's scrawl, but that's because you're not thinking hard enough. Besides, every tweet now counts as legislation. What's passing that Lilly Ledbetter Act next to calling Comey a coward from the toasty comfort of your bed?
Once Trump got tired of hearing themselves explain how great they are, it was time to share the duty with others. That big smacking sound was each Trump appointee taking their or their turn at telling Trump what a wonderful man they are, how right they are about everything, and how much everyone loves him.
At Trump's behest, each member of the cabinet took just a moment to explain how much they love Donald Trump. Do you love me, Mike? Do you love me Jeff? Scott? Betsy? Other than the eye-rolling level of sycophancy, the cabinet meeting might not seem to have held any purpose. But it did.
It allowed Trump to scan their cabinet and make sure that a majority of their department heads weren't lining up to Amendment 25 them to the sidelines. Instead they got a full volley of glorious, reassuring ego-stroking and pledges of obedience.
See James Comey? See Preet Bharara? This is how it's supposed to be done.
Objective: To cover most mason jar questions when it comes to long term storage. For the purposes of this guide we'll stick with the US most widely distributed mason jar maker — Ball.
Collected information: The following comes from my own, and many in the communities feedback [pipesmagazine.com, reddit.com/r/pipetobacco, brothersofthebriar.com] to build this document. Some advice may be more than you would like to do or willing, but it's there for you as education so take what you want from it. Some people will boil their mason jars, some choose not too.
Where to buy: (US)Walmart, Super Markets, Amazon.com
Sizes:Jelly Jars (4 liquid oz; 125ml)Half Pint (8 Liquid oz;250ml)Pint (16 Liquid oz;475ml)Quart (32 Liquid Oz; 950(1000)ml). There are also wide-mouth jars as well.
Cleaning: First off, and some of you might gasp, it is not necessary to clean out your mason jar prior to dumping tobacco in it. An established expert who is a SQF Practitioner who tests machines for milk production took an experiment to test for contaminants. http://brothersofbriar.forumotion.com/t7288-are-new-ball-jars-clean findings show they are cleaner than if you had run them through a dishwasher.
The above said, I know that many are not as comfortable with the thought of just opening and pouring tobacco in. Many will throw the jars in the dishwasher anyway and there is nothing wrong with this. Just make sure that the jars are completely dry before you start putting in your tobacco.
If you'd like to take it a step further, place empty jars right side up in a pot or boiling water caner. Fill the pot/caner with hot (not boiling) water to 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring to a boil and boil for 10 minutes at altitudes of less than 1,000ft. Higher elevations add an additional minute for every 1,000 feet.
I will also comment that some people warm the jars and the lids prior to putting tobacco in — in order to get a better seal. Your milage may vary depending on environment, elevation, humidity, etc.
Amount of Tobacco:
Jelly Jars (4oz Liquid) — I've found that these Jars you can usually stuff 1 to 1.5oz of ribbon, course, shag tobacco into them. Just pour to the rim, push down to compress, pour more, compress etc. Seal lid. Different tobaccos have different weight to volume ratios so your results may vary.
Half Pint (8 Liquid oz) — I've found fits 2 to 3 ounces of loose ribbon, course, shag tobacco depending on consistency. [Stokkebye's Luxury twist flake fits 2.5 oz a jar.] [Esoterica's Dorchester fits about 2 ounces per jar] [50g tin of Erinmore Flake that fit perfectly into a half-pint, but a 50g tin of Molto Dolce barely fit into a half-pint. ][2oz of Penzance should fit in half-pint]
Pint (16 Liquid oz) — Generally 4-5 oz of loose ribbon, course, shag tobacco. [ 8oz of the Mississippi River, which is a crumble cake, into a pint jar no problem, at the same time 6oz of a loose tobacco blend that was nearly overflowing out of the jar. 250g FVF in a pint; 100g Semois in a pint ]
Quart (32 Liquid oz) — Ranges between 8 and 10 oz of ribbon, course, shag tobacco and your results may vary. [ 250g of 1792 flake in a 32oz jar, and it's a tighter fit. Some of the flakes fell apart, if not for that you could probably stuff in another 1, maybe 2, oz before it got too tight. 250g Dan Tobacco: Blue Note, perfect fit.]
Wide Mouth 8oz(250ml) 1.76 ounces of navy rolls in one with plenty of room, and 2 ounces of bullseye flake in another, also just a bit more than half full. Have a full tin nearly of Dunhill flake in another, fits perfectly, and about 90% of a 2 ounce tin of Pirate Kake in another. So I guess I'd say for really compressed tobacco, they're the best.
Empty Jar Weights — while this may fluctuate slightly below are weights of jars without tobacco in them.
Jelly: 4.7oz without lid
Half Pint: 6.2 oz without lid
Pint: 8.8 oz without lid
Quart: 15oz without lid
Scott MacArthur TSN 1050 Blue Jays Reporter Follow|Archive
TORONTO – Professional sports is a cliché-filled world. So when two of the Blue Jays' rookies, both of whom played significant roles in Sunday's relatively listless 5-2 defeat to the Atlanta Braves, publically admitted to respective problems they're dealing with early in the year, it was hard not to be stunned by, and to also respect, their sheer honesty.
“First and foremost, I just want to apologize to my teammates and my fans, coaching staff. We lose that game because I don't make that play and I take full responsibility for that,” said centrefielder Dalton Pompey.
“That play” happened in the first inning. Starter Daniel Norris - more on them in a bit - had staggered through the frame, giving up a lead-off single to Cameron Maybin, which was helpfully erased by a strike-him-out/throw-him-out double play when Alberto Callaspo fanned and Russell Martin's arm caught Maybin trying to steal. Nick Markakis followed with a single; Freddie Freeman doubled to put two Braves in scoring position; Chris Johnson walked to load the bases.
The stage was set for noted lefty-masher Jonny Gomes, who smacked a line drive Pompey's way. Pompey hesitated with their initial break, then turned to their right and started to go back. The ball sliced the other way and Pompey's footwork betrayed them as they tried to cross over and the ball deflected off their glove for a bases-clearing, three-run double.
To be fair, it was a tough play. But it was a makeable play, important for a couple of reasons. One, the inning had been a grind for Norris; to escape unscathed would have been a bonus. Two, with Shelby Miller on the mound for Atlanta, it was safe to assume offence would be at a premium. The game bore that out.
“Yeah, I definitely think it was a catchable ball,” said manager John Gibbons. “I just think they turned at the last second to try to square up to it. When you're on the move and running laterally, you start turning back and that ball keeps sailing, you're not quite as quick. That'll be a ball, in the future, he'll make that play.”
Then came the startling admission from Pompey; one which shouldn't surprise a team trying to win with six rookies on the 25-man active roster: The hometown kid is pressing.
“I've found, ever since the season started, I've been playing somewhat scared just because I don't want to make a mistake,” said Pompey. “It took a situation like that where I couldn't bail out my pitcher, Daniel Norris, I've made plays for them many times in the past and this time, I didn't step up to the plate. It's a learning experience for me and it just shows me I need to be more aggressive and, if I make mistakes being aggressive, then it won't be as bad.”
Pompey is in a unique situation in that, unlike any of their teammates, they regularly attended games at Rogers Centre growing up.
Now, for a moment, put yourself in their shoes. Every time they go out to centre field, their past, present and future are colliding. They want to be perfect, or at least perceived to be perfect, the same way they viewed Vernon Wells and other heroes of their youth, players who walked the same ground (okay, to be technical, the surface has changed a few times) as they do today.
“When I used to watch them on TV, I used to think they were pretty much perfect people and they made all the plays and they never made mistakes, really,” said Pompey. “Last thing I wanted to do in a situation is make sure I catch the ball, make the routine plays and sometimes I've felt like I've played back on the ball when it's a groundball, so I make sure I field it instead of being aggressive.”
They got caught again in the third. With Freeman on first base following a one-out walk, Johnson singled to centre. Freeman went first to third; instead of throwing the ball in to second base to create a runners-at-the-corners situation, Pompey airmailed Josh Donaldson. The ball skipped toward the Jays' dugout, Freeman scored and, when the play was over, Johnson was standing on third. He'd score on a Gomes sacrifice fly to give the Braves a 5-0 lead.
Centre field was a lonely place to be standing.
“Every game matters; we're trying to win here and the mistakes I made today potentially cost us,” said Pompey. “It's a long season, but you look back in September and this game might have mattered.”
Pompey vowed to use their Sunday experience as a teaching tool. He's done being scared, they said. He'll go back to being himself, aggressive at all costs and, if the results don't always translate, he'll live with it.
“For some reason, the last 10 games or so, I haven't been as aggressive I can be and it took a situation like this for me to realize that I have to go back to the player that I was and continue to be aggressive and, if you make aggressive mistakes, then no one really says anything,” they said.
--
NORRIS SUFFERING FROM “DEAD ARM”
Daniel Norris suffered through their shortest big league start, allowing four earned runs, six hits and two walks over 2 2/3 innings. They threw 66 pitches of which only 33 were strikes. They threw 33 pitches in the first inning alone.
Norris was missing often and, most of the time, they were missing high out of the strike zone.
“I'm just trying to overcompensate,” they said.
What does that mean?
“I'm going through a little bit of a dead-arm phase, so it's really tough for me to just feel the late life on everything that I was used to in spring training,” said Norris.
Dead-arm isn't an injury; rather, it's a feeling of general fatigue in the arm. It can crop up at any time. Just ask Cubs ace Jon Lester, who suffered from a bout during spring training and was on a pitch count for their opening night start.
Age is not a determining factor. There is no pain involved.
“You feel 100-per cent fine,” said Norris. “It's just (the ball) doesn't come out like it usually does. Even if I throw one that says 93 or 94 (miles per hour), it just doesn't have the same life on it and I can't really command it the way that I'm used to.”
“It was one of those days; it was a tough day for him,” said manager John Gibbons. “We've told you there are going to be days like that. It's unfortunate, but while he's cutting their teeth at this level, there are going to be some days it's like that. Why that happens? Who knows; in baseball, the young kids, they do that.”
Norris said they began to feel “dead arm” in Montreal and based on its timeline from their previous experiences with the problem, they said they expect it will dissipate soon.
--
TRAVIS LEAVES GAME
Second baseman Devon Travis was hit in the ribs by a Shelby Miller fastball in the first inning.
They briefly stayed in the game, but when Braves' catcher Christian Bethancourt attempted a snap pick-off, Travis was forced to go diving back to the bag. After a visit from the manager and the trainer, they left for X-rays, which were negative.
Travis is listed as day-to-day with a rib contusion.
Skipper John Gibbons said he's hopeful both Travis and Jose Reyes (cracked rib/oblique strain) will play on Tuesday versus the Orioles.
If Reyes is good to go, chances are the switch-hitter will bat right-handed regardless of who's on the mound.
--
QUICK BOXSCORE
Atlanta (8-4) beats Toronto (6-7) by score of 5-2.
Winner: Shelby Miller (2-0)
Loser: Daniel Norris (1-1)
Save: Jason Grilli (6)
A lineup of up-and-coming Buffalo restaurants are signed as tenants of an upscale Main Street food hall downtown.
Its name will be EXPO and, if all goes well, it might be opening in November, according to developer Nick Sinatra, who owns the space.
Newbury Street, Crush Juicery, Osteria 166, Agave and Sun Restaurant will all have stands in the 8,000-square-foot development at 617 Main St. So will Gypsy Bohemian Grove Bar, a full bar with craft cocktails and 24 taps, including a dedicated craft beer lineup.
In cuisine terms, that means the hall will include places specializing in healthy fast food and salads, juices and smoothies, casual Italian, Mexican tacos and Burmese-anchored Asian fusion, plus a bar run by the owners of Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar and Gypsy Parlor. All in the former Perfetto space, which stretches from Washington to Main Street.
“With EXPO, I wanted to create a locally inspired food hall that would appeal to a wide range of people in our community,” said Sinatra, whose Sinatra & Co. Real Estate owns the building. The concept was inspired by a visit to Gotham West market in Manhattan, they said. “We put an emphasis on local vendors and encouraged the community to let us know what they wanted to come to EXPO because this is, after all, their market.”
EXPO's manager and operator will be Paul Tsouflidis, proprietor of Crush Hospitality Concepts and owner of Acropolis OPA, Newbury Street and Crush Juicery on Elmwood Avenue. “Downtown Buffalo is on the move,” Tsouflidis said in a release. “We're seeing added jobs, the return of vehicles to Main Street, an increase in foot traffic, charging stations for electric vehicles, and EXPO is the next iteration of Buffalo's food renaissance.”
It will be open six days a week, from 10:30 a.m. to 9 p.m., except for Crush Juicery and Gypsy Bohemian Grove Bar, which will be open earlier for coffee and breakfast items Monday through Friday.
It's too early to say what will be on the food stands' menus, but here are some details on the rest of the opening cast:
• Agave Dos will be owned by Sergio Mucino, who owns Don Tequila on Allen Street, Agave on Elmwood Avenue, El Agave in Cheektowaga, and La Divina Mexican Store on Delaware Avenue. Mucino has been operating a taqueria there since the end of summer that has drawn hardcore fans of Mexican tacos, and made new ones.
• Gypsy Bohemian Grove Bar will be owned by husband-and-wife team JJ Alfieri and Gabrielle Mattina. Alfieri owns Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar on Allen Street, and Mattina owns the Gypsy Parlor on Grant Street.
• Osteria will be owned by Nick Pitillo, who also owns Osteria 166 on Franklin Street, and will soon be opening Villaggio in Ellicottville.
• Sun Restaurant will be owned by Kevin Lin and their wife, Stephanie, who opened Sun Restaurant on Niagara Street, the first Burmese restaurant in Buffalo, which also serves Asian fusion and Thai dishes.
email: agalarneau@buffnews.com
O n the stage, Charlie Chaplin was known as the tramp who made millions laugh without saying a word. But in their heart of hearts, it seems the great comic wanted to be a statesman whose words could change history.
Despite their infectious humor and the wealth brought about by their Hollywood stardom, the real “Little Tramp” was touched at every stage of their life by the traumas of current events, spending many of their days pleading with the United States to defend their native Britain through two world wars, flirting with socialism, and then being hounded into exile by McCarthyism and the FBI's J. Edgar Hoover.
But Chaplin's life was not only buffeted by the turmoil in European and American affairs: their foray into Japanese politics 73 years ago this week almost cost them their life. The tale of Japanese revolutionaries stalking Chaplin through the streets of Tokyo seems like a comic movie plot — but Chaplin was to find that it was a very real and very lethal intrigue that would involve a close brush with death and end with the assassination of the then prime minister in an attempted coup d'etat by young naval officers that has come to be known as the May 15th Incident (Goichigo Jiken).
Catalog of painful events
Yet the danger that Chaplin encountered during their 1932 visit to Kobe and Tokyo seemed to be just one more episode in the catalog of painful events they were fated to be witness to.
As a child, just before World War I, Chaplin saw how the British working classes were scraping by on subsistence wages without any kind of safety net. Unchecked capitalism left vaudeville performers destitute the day after they retired, and Charlie's mother was one of them. When they went insane, they and their brother sang, acted and danced on stage in order to survive. Memories of this hardship were to haunt Chaplin throughout their movie career, spawning laughter and absurdity in the midst of great sorrow.
The young Chaplin saw hope in the rise of Soviet socialism, trade unionism and, once they went to live in America, Roosevelt's New Deal. This brought the perky actor to a crossroads of history. Before Hitler attacked France in 1940, many cadres of American society looked favorably on the Nazi regime. The German airships “Hindenburg” and “Graf Zeppelin” were docking on the East Coast, Charles Lindberg admired the Nazis' aircraft designs, and German scientists like Albert Einstein enthralled the scientific world.
Though many were taken in, believing that Hitler was a man who could be reasoned with, Chaplin sounded the alarm, starting production of their comic movie attack on Hitler, titled “The Great Dictator,” well before the Fall of France.
But were it not for the brief hesitation of a group of Japanese assassins, Chaplin might have never lived to make their anti-Nazi classic.
In 1932, at the height of their reign as Hollywood's top celebrity, Chaplin took their entourage by ship to Japan on what they thought would be both a cultural journey and a chance to promote their latest movie, “City Lights.”
Chaplin had read about Japan in books by the Greek-born, Anglo-Irish Japanophile Lafcadio Hearn, and they decided to go by ship through the Suez Canal, then via India and Singapore to view for themselves the enchanting land that Hearn so loved.
Their arrival in Japan was very close to what you might expect for a visiting screen star. Chaplin claimed in their autobiography that, “In Kobe harbor we were greeted by aeroplanes circling over our ship dropping leaflets of welcome, while thousands cheered on the docks.
“The sight of numerous brightly colored kimonos against the background of smokestacks and drab gray docks was paradoxically beautiful,” they continued, “. . . [and] The Government put a special train at our disposal to take us on to Tokyo. At each station the crowds and excitement increased, and the platforms were crammed with a galaxy of pretty girls who loaded us with presents.”
The effect of this, they recalled, as the girls stood waiting in their kimono, was “like a flower show.”
From the high point of their uniquely Japanese welcome, things started to deteriorate. Chaplin became uneasy when their Japanese guide, whom they referred to as Kono, began making mysterious requests. Chaplin's entourage was asked to stop in front of the Imperial Palace and bow — even though there were no officials in view to witness the act.
Bags and rooms searched
The next morning Chaplin's brother and traveling companion, Sydney, charged into Chaplin's hotel room and claimed that their bags and rooms had been searched.
Then Kono approached Chaplin and asked that they visit specific stores, and when Chaplin brushed off the suggestions Kono seemed to become very agitated.
Chaplin later wrote: “Sydney insisted that we were being watched and that Kono was holding something back. I must admit that Kono was looking more worried and harassed every hour.”
Chaplin, however, held their suspicions in check until surprise guests at dinner crystalized everyone's fears.
That night Kono, Chaplin and their brother were dining at a restaurant when six men walked up to their table uninvited. One of them sat down and addressed Kono in harsh tones while the others stood looming over the table. Chaplin, raised in the streets of working-class London, did not need to understand the language to know that they were being threatened. Ever ready to put on an act, they stood up at the dinner table, placed their hand in their jacket pocket as if grabbing a gun — and barked at the six interlopers.
This public outburst made the attackers hesitate, and the quick-thinking film star used that crucial moment of confusion to shuffle their brother and guide to a taxi outside.
Chaplin was now certain that people were trying to coerce them and control their movements. But they suspected financial motives. Back in Hollywood they had been shadowed by aspiring actores who turned out to be gold-digging blackmailers, and had fought them in court or paid them off.
Chaplin had not yet grasped, however, that the motivations of their present tormentors were political rather than pecuniary: This time they were being drawn into a power struggle that would shock the whole of Japan. The day after their May 14 restaurant getaway, Chaplin was somewhat relieved to sit down and watch a sumo tournament as the guest of Ken Inukai, the prime minister's son. Feeling safe in such company, they took little notice when Inukai was called away to attend to some matter.
Returning after an inexplicably long time, Inukai sat with Chaplin looking so distraught that Chaplin asked them if they were ill. Holding their head in their hands, Inukai told him: “My father has just been assassinated.”
On hearing that, Chaplin and Inukai rushed to the Prime Minister's Residence to find the floors still soaked with blood. Chaplin, who was to have met the late prime minister the next day, was soon surrounded by the press, but — shocked by how brutally the cat-and-mouse game had ended — their responses to journalists' questions were almost incoherent.
In fact, Chaplin simply didn't know what to say. They also did not know at that time that the six men who burst into the Prime Minister's Residence and shot Tsuyoshi Inukai to death also had Chaplin's name on their hit list.
As history soon afterward made clear, the assassination of the prime minister was the culmination of a multi-cell plot to decapitate the power structures that ruled Japan during the impoverished times of the Depression Era. The group responsible for the killing, named Ketsumeidan (Blood Brotherhood), had been founded by self-appointed Buddhist priest Nissio Inoue, and the plotters' base was in Ibaraki Prefecture, north of Tokyo, where farmers had become destitute and held the rich ministers in contempt, blaming them for Japan's ills. One of their meeting points was the Naval Air Training Base at Tsuchiura City on Lake Kasumigaura.
Goal to foment chaos
The organization drew up a list of targets that included politicians, industrialists and former advisers to Emperor. Their goal was to foment so much chaos that the military would declare martial law, thus giving the generals control of the country.
Within the Blood Brotherhood, one of the most determined and hardened cells was a group of naval officers headed by Lt. Seishi Koga. They had already succeeded in killing the finance minister and a prominent industrialist several days previously.
Killing the prime minister and Chaplin together was to be the final blow that would topple the government.
In the end, it was Koga's arrest and subsequent confession that shed light on just how close Chaplin had come to being killed — and why. According to the transcripts, the assassins hoped to time an attack on the Prime Minister's Residence while the prime minister and Chaplin were having tea.
The presiding judge asked Koga why they wanted to kill a silent movie actor along with the prime minister. Koga responded: “Chaplin is a popular figure in the United States and the darling of the capitalist class. We believed that killing them would cause a war with America, and thus we could kill two birds with a single stone.”
To this the judge responded: “Then why did you give up your splendid plan?”
Koda: “Because the newspapers later reported that the projected reception was still uncertain.”
Koda added under further questioning that within their clique there was hot debate over whether it was justifiable to kill the comedian on the off chance that it might bring about war with the United States and thereby increase the power of the military.
Chaplin's response to the publication of the court transcripts was reminiscent of their movie performancess, showing their trademark melancholy humor in the face of hardship.
They wrote in their memoirs, “I can imagine the assassins having carried out their plan, then discovering that I was not an American but an Englishman — ‘Oh, so sorry!' ”
Fareed Zakaria had a column out yesterday dissecting and demolishing New York Senator Chuck Schumer's argument for opposition to the Iran nuclear deal. I won't try to duplicate their arguments on the merits. I don't think I can improve on them. But I have wanted for the last week to address Schumer's decision.
As you may know, in the midst of last week's Fox-GOP-Trump debate, Schumer leaked the news that they planned to vote against the deal when it comes before the Senate for review. There are a few things to say about the manner of the leak. As the Senator themselves would no doubt agree, no one is more adept, experienced, or desirous of press attention than Schumer. The timing was no accident. It seemed aimed at creating as little splash as possible. Given their status as a prominent, senior, and outspokenly pro-Israel Senator from New York, there is only so much that they could do to limit the impact and reaction. But this was clearly an attempt to do so. And it did get buried to some degree in the Trump Debate/GOP Meltdown/Blood Drama. Schumer has also said that since this is their position, they will of course lobby others to follow their lead. But they have done so not altogether convincingly. Take all this together and I think it is possible that Schumer believes this to be a free vote for them personally – that they can vote in opposition, either knowing that it will pass (sustain a presidential veto) or at least that they won't be blamed for it going down.
We'll know after the vote how that all shook out. And in terms of what one makes of Schumer, there is some difference over what the truth turns out to be. Just after Schumer's announcement, James Fallows said that it was one thing for Schumer to vote this way themselves but if they lift a finger to lobby other senators against the deal, they should be disqualified from becoming the next Senate Majority/Minority Leader, an office they very much wishes to fill.
I would take it a step further. I think Schumer should be disqualified on the basis of this decision alone. In fact, I would personally find it difficult to ever vote for Schumer again as my Senator, though I doubt he'll lose much sleep over that since they are amazingly entrenched as New York's senior senator.
I say all this with some regret since I've always liked Schumer. And I should make clear that I see fidelity to a President of one's own party – even on an issue central to their presidency – as a non-issue in this case. The issue is that this agreement is a matter of grave importance. And Schumer's position is wrong. Indeed, what makes it an issue for me is that it is more than wrong. Their stated arguments are simply nonsensical and obviously tendentious. In this case, Schumer's ample brain power stands as an indictment against him. There are plenty of senators who are voting against this deal because of a combination of bellicosity and partisan fervor. And there are a good number of them who either cannot or do not care to apply a real logical analysis of the question at hand. Let's put that more bluntly, they're either lazy or dumb. And of course this general point applies to senators on both sides of the aisle.
But Schumer is neither lazy nor dumb. And that's why their decision is really unforgivable.
They argue for instance that even if the agreement keeps Iran from building nuclear warheads for a decade (false time frame, by the way), this deal makes things worse because the nuclear Iran ten years from now will be a supercharged Iran made more powerful and bold by sanctions relief.
This is a stupid argument.
North Korea remains under strangling sanctions and barely has an economy at all. That has not prevented it from building a robust nuclear weapon and ballistic missile program. Especially if you believe that Iran wants nuclear weapon for doomsday purposes, getting nuclear weapons with a more vibrant economy 10 years from now hardly makes a difference. And, yes, as long as we're on the point, the ten year time frame is bogus.
Schumer also calls the 24 days canard “troubling”. Again, here Schumer's own smarts indicts him. He's not that dumb. We shouldn't accept Fox News arguments as legitimate points of argument from someone who aspires to be Senate Majority Leader.
Finally they note that the deal only makes sense if you believe that Iran will become more moderate and less belligerent under the deal. Again, a bad faith argument.
I think there are actually good reasons to think the consequences of the deal may lead to that outcome. To at least grant that this is a possibility one need only look at the fact that the Iranian reformers we allegedly love are all for it and the hardliners in the regime are all against it. But the deal is actually more important if you have the most dire read of the regime and its future. If you do think the worst, is it better to put in place what is unquestionably the most rigorous inspections and surveillance regime ever devised or leave the Iranians entirely free to start building nuclear weapons immediately? The answer to this question is so blindingly obvious it really ends the debate.
As I argued in another post a few weeks ago, I think the biggest lesson of the Iraq War is that if the alternative is war, it is almost always better to kick cans down the road rather than “resolve” them now. Not always. But almost always. Because wars destroy a lot of stuff and kill lots of people and create mammoth collateral damage – human, diplomatic, economic, everything – the consequences of which take years and decades to grapple with. Especially when you are the stronger power, we need to make real what is usually spoken simply as a bromide that war really is the option of last resort. If we're the weaker power or if we could beat Iran on the battlefield today but couldn't ten years from now, maybe we can't kick the can down the road. But that's obviously preposterous. Iran is at best a regional military power. We have the biggest and strongest military in the world. All options remain open to us, basically forever.
As I said above, the “10 year” timeline is almost as bogus as the 24 days canard. But even if it were true, keeping Iran's nuclear ambitions bottled up for a decade would be a great deal. Nothing prevents us from threatening war or doing anything else when the bogus time limit expires.
But what about keeping sanctions on or tightening them and demanding a better deal?
Again, Schumer's smarts indicts him. The sanctions have worked because the global powers have all backed them. Those powers backed them to force a deal something like this. They will not continue sanctions or tighten them when the goal of the sanctions, in their view, has already been met. This is not 1960 or even 1980. Sanctions by the U.S. alone won't do it.
It has become de riguer to say that this deal has problems or isn't perfect but it's worth taking or better than the alternatives. That's really a cop out by those who aren't willing to make a more honest argument. Unless one's definition of a good or perfect deal is one where you get everything you want, entirely on your own terms, this judgment is wrong. The way to evaluate a deal is whether you get the things you need and whether you made the most efficient use of the pressure and power you had to bring to bear. On these terms, it's a pretty good deal.
So why did Schumer oppose the deal? I think they move in circles, personal and financial, where this deal is simply anathema and they don't feel they can or wants to buck that opinion. They may also believe they can have their cake and eat it too – vote against, satisfy, and stay good with key supporters and not block its adoption. This is actually what I see as the most likely answer. They may also feel uncomfortable enough on this hot seat that they simply won't look at the logic of the situation.
I can know and frankly I don't care. The bright line is that he's smart enough to know better.
I've heard some say that this creates tension for them “on the left” in their quest to become Minority or Majority Leader. This is silly pundit talk. This isn't the public option. This isn't something supported by the foreign policy “left”. It's very basic and mainstream and necessary. The fact that the neoconservatives who gamed the country into the Iraq disaster favor it does not change that.
Democratic senators who don't reconsider support for Schumer as the leader of their caucus are making a big, big mistake. They should be ruled out of consideration for the job.
Moayedi's Centurion American Development has spent 30 months converting the vacant 19-story Commerce Street hotel into a combination of apartments, hotel rooms and retail space.
The first of 159 hotel rooms will be ready Oct. 17. Hilton will operate the hotel as part of its Curio Collection.
"We will have a soft opening," Moayedi said, giving a tour of the building. "We'll not be completely opened up until the end of November."
The first tenants have started moving into more than 200 apartments in the building.
"The residential is open and we have about 110 leases so far," Moayedi said. "We will be at 50 percent very quickly."
Work crews are finishing the public areas of the hotel, and the ground-floor restaurant was experimenting with menu items Tuesday morning. In the second-floor grand ballroom, work is wrapping up on the sound system and ceiling. The parquet wooden floor was restored.
"It would be cheaper to put new in," Moayedi said. "We restored the elevator that used to bring cars from the street up to this ballroom for auto shows. That was a real challenge."
A rooftop bar and swimming pool is still under construction but should be finished by late next month.
Along with the rooftop watering hole, there's a ground floor sports bar with four bowling lanes.
"We have pool tables, pingpong tables and foosball there," Moayedi said. "There's a big kitchen in the back."
The Statler project, the largest redevelopment in Dallas' history, has stretched longer and cost more than originally anticipated.
"With these historic buildings, there is constant change," Moayedi said. "When you think you have it figured out, it changes. Even with the headaches, we are proud of it."
The Dallas Morning News is moving its operations into the former Dallas Public Library building that's part of the Statler development.
The long-awaited project has gotten attention from federal investigators who are looking into bonds that were issued to help fund the deal.
The IRS has ruled that $26.5 million in bonds issued with the project do not qualify for tax-free status. The bond underwriters are appealing the decision.
The project also has spawned litigation from partners and former managers.
"It will be a great weight lifted when this development is done," Moayedi said. "People like to sit on the sidelines and make accusations. Getting this done is another story."
Ford Motor has reached a tentative four-year labor agreement with the United Auto Workers Union that will result in 12,000 new manufacturing jobs in the United States, including some created by Ford's decision to shift some work from Mexico, China and Japan back to the U.S.
The agreement includes $16 billion in U.S. investments - including $6.2 billion for Ford plants in the U.S. - to develop new and redesigned vehicles by 2015.
Company officials held a news conference this morning, but withheld most details of the contract until after rank-and-file workers get an opportunity to vote on it in the next week or so. A UAW press conference is scheduled for later today.
John Fleming, Ford's executive vice president of global manufacturing and labor affairs, did say that the contract, which includes the hiring of nearly 6,000 new workers at a lower pay scale, would improve Ford's competitiveness in the U.S.
The deal covers 41,000 UAW-represented employees in the United States.
About 7,000 of the "new" jobs have already been announced over the past year as Ford's fortunes have improved. The company said virtually all of the 5,750 remaining jobs would be new hires at a yet-undisclosed lower-tier wage.
The $6.2 billion plant investment no doubt includes plans to retool an underutilized factory in Flat Rock, Michigan, that had been shared until recently by Ford and Mazda.
I'll be updating this story later as more details become available.
New London ‑ Ray Cieplik, the athletics director at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, has announced their retirement.
Cieplik has worked in the athletics department at the academy for more than 40 years, starting as an instructor of physical education and coach of the men's soccer team in 1970. They plan to retire from federal government service at the end of the academic year.
“I think of them as a pillar of our community,” said Rear Admiral J.Scott Burhoe, academy superintendent. “I thank them for their distinguished service, and for the profound effect they have had on generations of maritime guardians.”
Prior to being named athletic director, Cieplik served as the associate director of athletics for 10 years. They stepped down as men's soccer coach after 31 years following the 2001 season. From 1976 through 2000, they enjoyed 25 consecutive winning seasons, with a career record of 248-165-34. Their teams have won two Eastern College Athletic Conference titles, in 1995 and 1998, and three Constitution Athletic Conference titles.
Cieplik was named Coach of the Year three times, was inducted into the Academy's Hall of Fame in 1997, and in 2003 received the National Soccer Coaches Association of America's Honor Award. In 2008 they were selected to receive a Gold Key from the Connecticut Sports Writers' Alliance.
They served as president of the National Soccer Coaches Association of America. They recently completed a two-year term as president of the New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conference, and serves as the National Chair of the Scholar-Athlete All-America Committee.
During their 12 years as athletics director, Cieplik spearheaded the upgrade in the academy's athletics facilities. The football stadium was changed from grass to artificial turf, the baseball and softball fields received total renovations, and the academy opened a lighted track and field complex with an artificial turf soccer field and press box.
Their tenure as athletic director has been marked by unprecedented success in the academy's sports program. Conference championships include two divisional championships in football, six in men's swimming, two in men's basketball, and one each in women's volleyball and softball. ECAC championships include one each in men's soccer and women's basketball, and two in volleyball. In addition, Coast Guard teams have advanced to the NCAA championships twice each in men's basketball, softball and volleyball, with the men's basketball and volleyball teams advancing to the prestigious NCAA Elite 8.
“This has been a dream job for four decades,” Cieplik said. “For my family and me, this has been an exceptional professional experience. It has been a great challenge and richly rewarding to work with our staff and the young men and women who become some of the outstanding leaders of our nation. Coming to work each day is truly inspiring”.
The April 23 reconciliation agreement signed by Palestinian leaders did not address the most contentious issue between them: the weapons of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, Hamas' military wing. Both Fatah and Hamas thought it best to pass on the issue to avoid it posing an obstacle to reconciliation.
One factor complicating matters, Al-Monitor learned from the Ministry of Finance in the Gaza Strip, is that some 25,000 employees in the Hamas government work in the security services, and most of them belong to the Qassam Brigades. According to one Qassam military official, after the formation of the next government, these employees will take orders from the brigade's military leadership, not their current manager at the Ministry of Interior.
On April 29, the Foreign Ministry of the Hamas government released a statement in which it noted, “One of the challenges facing the success of the reconciliation is that President Mahmoud Abbas had announced that a government means that [all weapons should be under a unified command] and that Hamas should lay down its arms.” The statement went on to say that asking Hamas to hand over its weapons is a taboo.
Thus, it appears, Hamas and Fatah agreeing to postpone discussion of the Qassam Brigades' weapons did not preclude Hamas' further examining this sensitive subject in recent days. Hamas fears that the brigade's weapons will be considered illegitimate after the next government is formed because Abbas continues to stress that any weapons beyond state control are illegitimate, no matter what they are called, in reference to the Qassam Brigades. This prompted Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Zahar to assert on April 29 that reconciliation will not lead to the subordination of Qassam fighters to Abbas.
Al-Monitor met with one senior Hamas figure who took part in the reconciliation negotiations. When asked about the future of the Qassam Brigades, they said, “Dissolving the Qassam Brigades is out of the question, and those asking for that are dreaming. The reconciliation will not be at the expense of the military wings of the resistance, which represents the national army of the state of Palestine. Whoever [talks about disarming Qassam] is outside the national context, because handing over Qassam weapons is impossible and nondebatable.”
A Fatah leader close to Abbas told Al-Monitor, “Some are quietly talking about dissolving all the militias operating in Gaza, including the Qassam Brigades, and having only the National Security Forces as an army for all Palestinians. This would be similar to the situation in the West Bank, and only the security forces affiliated with the [government] could carry weapons.”
This same leader complained that Hamas is refusing to talk about the matter. They asserted, “[Hamas] insists on keeping the Qassam Brigades as a military force. It has declared on more than one occasion that it rejects any attempt to dissolve the group or integrate it within the PA [Palestinian Authority] security services. Qassam Brigades spokesperson Abu Ubaida said that whoever thinks of eliminating the Qassam Brigades will themselves be eliminated from the pages of history.”
According to Fatah, in the preparations for the reconciliation that began late February, “Hamas approved that the Qassam Brigades be completely separate from political issues, that [the Qassam Brigades'] leadership be in the new government and that the armed wing remain committed to the truce with Israel, according to the president's policy.”
A Hamas leader who spoke on condition of anonymity dismissed all talk of dissolving the brigades. They told Al-Monitor, “This talk doesn't deserve a response. The Qassam Brigades were created before the PA was established and has its own independent policy in dealing with Israel, away from any tutelage by anyone, including the next government.”
Al-Monitor toured a number of sites in Gaza where the brigades conduct military maneuvers and exercises around the clock. Most such locations are on al-muharrarat, or “liberated,” land, which to be precise consists of Israeli settlement sites abandoned in 2005.
A Qassam Brigades member near a military outpost south of Khan Yunis told Al-Monitor, “Becoming part of the PA security apparatus is not under consideration because [the brigade's] primary function is to defend the Palestinian people. The weapons of the resistance are legitimate, and no one can touch them, even if under the matter of reconciliation. We, the Qassam Brigades, trust the decisions of the Hamas political leadership, but that does not negate the fact that the PA's getting near Qassam's weapons after the reconciliation will sabotage the reconciliation efforts.”
Following the signing of the reconciliation agreement, intensive talks were held within Hamas' ranks. The group's leaders held lengthy meetings with the movement's organizational base to promote the agreement. The aim was to convince them on the matter, because some had expressed doubts about its potential success, while others rejected the agreement out of concern that it might be implemented at the expense of Qassam's weapons.
Al-Monitor received confidential information that the Qassam Brigades would have the final say in enforcing the reconciliation agreement in the coming days, especially the file related to security and weapons in Gaza. Some circles expect that this particular file will be controlled by the brigades at the expense of the political leadership. The former will be more radical in preserving the peace and will not go easy on Fatah.
Al-Monitor also learned that the Qassam Brigades, which are represented by Marwan Issa in Hamas' political bureau, had “vetoed any progress in the reconciliation if it includes compromising [Qassam] weapons, in light of its harsh experience with rule in the 1990s, when Qassam was stripped of its weapons and saw hundreds of its members arrested. Qassam will not allow a reconciliation that sacrifices [its] weapons.”
When asked about the possibility of imitating the Hezbollah model in Lebanon, where Hezbollah maintains weapons alongside those of the army, one Qassam leader said, “The interlocutors in the reconciliation can search for any formula that maintains what has been agreed upon as long as they don't mention disarming [Qassam] or integrating it into the security services. Otherwise, the reconciliation will not be successful. And there is a consensus within Hamas about this matter.”
The Hamas leadership is deploying efforts to reassure its military wing about its weapons, stressing that they will neither be removed nor integrated into the Palestinian national security apparatus. In fact, there is political and military unanimity within Hamas that preserving these weapons is a top priority, but does not mean a rejection of the reconciliation agreement. The reality appears to remain, however, that if Hamas has to choose between its weapons and reconciliation, it will definitely go with the weapons.
DARIEN, IL - A genetic study of adult twins and a community-based study of adolescents both report novel links between sleep duration and depression. The studies are published in the Feb. 1 issue of the journal Sleep.
"Healthy sleep is a necessity for physical, mental and emotional well-being," said American Academy of Sleep Medicine President Dr. M. Safwan Badr. "This new research emphasizes that we can make an investment in our health by prioritizing sleep."
A study of 1,788 adult twins is the first to demonstrate a gene by environment interaction between self-reported habitual sleep duration and depressive symptoms. Results suggest that sleep durations outside the normal range increase the genetic risk for depressive symptoms. Among twins with a normal sleep duration of seven to 8.9 hours per night, the total heritability of depressive symptoms was 27 percent. However, the genetic influence on depressive symptoms increased to 53 percent among twins with a short sleep duration of five hours per night and 49 percent among those who reported sleeping 10 hours per night.
"We were surprised that the heritability of depressive symptoms in twins with very short sleep was nearly twice the heritability in twins sleeping normal amounts of time," said principal investigator Dr. Nathaniel Watson, associate professor of neurology and co-director of the University of Washington Medicine Sleep Center in Seattle, Wash. "Both short and excessively long sleep durations appear to activate genes related to depressive symptoms," added Watson, who also serves on the board of directors of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine.
According to Watson, the study suggests that optimizing sleep may be one way to maximize the effectiveness of treatments for depression such as psychotherapy.
Another study of 4,175 individuals between 11 and 17 years of age is the first to document reciprocal effects for major depression and short sleep duration among adolescents using prospective data. Results suggest sleeping six hours or less per night increases the risk for major depression, which in turn increases the risk for decreased sleep among adolescents.
"These results are important because they suggest that sleep deprivation may be a precursor for major depression in adolescents, occurring before other symptoms of major depression and additional mood disorders," said principal investigator Dr. Robert E. Roberts, professor of behavioral sciences in the School of Public Health at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, Texas. "Questions on sleep disturbance and hours of sleep should be part of the medical history of adolescents to ascertain risk."
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that about nine percent of adults in the U.S. meet the criteria for current depression, including four percent with major depression. The National Institute of Mental Health reports that depressive disorders have affected approximately 11 percent of U.S. teens at some point during their lives, and three percent have experienced a seriously debilitating depressive disorder.
###
Artificial intelligence (AI) is clearly a growing force in the technology industry. AI is taking center stage at conferences and showing potential across a wide variety of industries, including retail and manufacturing. New products are being embedded with virtual assistants, while chatbots are answering customer questions on everything from your online office supplier's site to your web hosting service provider's support page. Meanwhile, companies such as Google, Microsoft, and Salesforce are integrating AI as an intelligence layer across their entire tech stack. Yes, AI is definitely having its moment.
This isn't the AI that pop culture has conditioned us to expect; it's not sentient robots or Skynet, or even Tony Stark's Jarvis assistant. This AI plateau is happening under the surface, making our existing tech smarter and unlocking the power of all the data that enterprises collect. What that means: Widespread advancement in machine learning (ML), computer vision, deep learning, and natural language processing (NLP) have made it easier than ever to bake an AI algorithm layer into your software or cloud platform.
For businesses, practical AI applications can manifest in all sorts of ways depending on your organizational needs and the business intelligence (BI) insights derived from the data you collect. Enterprises can employ AI for everything from mining social data to driving engagement in customer relationship management (CRM) to optimizing logistics and efficiency when it comes to tracking and managing assets.
ML is playing a key role in the development of AI, noted Luke Tang, General Manager of TechCode's Global AI+ Accelerator program, which incubates AI startups and helps companies incorporate AI on top of their existing products and services.
"Right now, AI is being driven by all the recent progress in ML. There's no one single breakthrough you can point to, but the business value we can extract from ML now is off the charts," Tang said. "From the enterprise point of view, what's happening right now could disrupt some core corporate business processes around coordination and control: scheduling, resource allocation and reporting." Here we provide tips from some experts to explain the steps businesses can take to integrate AI in your organization and to ensure your implementation is a success.
1. Get Familiar With AI
Take the time to become familiar with what modern AI can do. The TechCode Accelerator offers its startups a wide array of resources through its partnerships with organizations such as Stanford University and corporations in the AI space. You should also take advantage of the wealth of online information and resources available to familiarize yourself with the basic concepts of AI. Tang recommends some of the remote workshops and online courses offered by organizations such as Udacity as easy ways to get started with AI and to increase your knowledge of areas such as ML and predictive analytics within your organization.
The following are a number of online resources (free and paid) that you can use to get started:
2. Identify the Problems You Want AI to Solve
Once you're up to speed on the basics, the next step for any business is to begin exploring different ideas. Think about how you can add AI capabilities to your existing products and services. More importantly, your company should have in mind specific use cases in which AI could solve business problems or provide demonstrable value.
"When we're working with a company, we start with an overview of its key tech programs and problems. We want to be able to show it how natural language processing, image recognition, ML, etc. fit into those products, usually with a workshop of some sort with the management of the company," Tang explained. "The specifics always vary by industry. For example, if the company does video surveillance, it can capture a lot of value by adding ML to that process."
3. Prioritize Concrete Value
Next, you need to assess the potential business and financial value of the various possible AI implementations you've identified. It's easy to get lost in "pie in the sky" AI discussions, but Tang stressed the importance of tying your initiatives directly to business value.
"To prioritize, look at the dimensions of potential and feasibility and put them into a 2x2 matrix," Tang said. "This should help you prioritize based on near-term visibility and know what the financial value is for the company. For this step, you usually need ownership and recognition from managers and top-level executives."
4. Acknowledge the Internal Capability Gap
There's a stark difference between what you want to accomplish and what you have the organizational ability to actually achieve within a given time frame. Tang said a business should know what it's capable of and what it's not from a tech and business process perspective before launching into a full-blown AI implementation.
"Sometimes this can take a long time to do," Tang said. "Addressing your internal capability gap means identifying what you need to acquire and any processes that need to be internally evolved before you get going. Depending on the business, there may be existing projects or teams that can help do this organically for certain business units."
5. Bring In Experts and Set Up a Pilot Project
Once your business is ready from an organizational and tech standpoint, then it's time to start building and integrating. Tang said the most important factors here are to start small, have project goals in mind, and, most importantly, be aware of what you know and what you don't know about AI. This is where bringing in outside experts or AI consultants can be invaluable.
"You don't need a lot of time for a first project; usually for a pilot project, 2-3 months is a good range," Tang said. "You want to bring internal and external people together in a small team, maybe 4-5 people, and that tighter time frame will keep the team focused on straightforward goals. After the pilot is completed, you should be able to decide what the longer-term, more elaborate project will be and whether the value proposition makes sense for your business. It's also important that expertise from both sides—the people who know about the business and the people who know about AI—is merged on your pilot project team."
6. Form a Taskforce to Integrate Data
Tang noted that, before implementing ML into your business, you need to clean your data to make it ready to avoid a "garbage in, garbage out" scenario. "Internal corporate data is typically spread out in multiple data silos of different legacy systems, and may even be in the hands of different business groups with different priorities," Tang said. "Therefore, a very important step toward obtaining high-quality data is to form a cross-[business unit] taskforce, integrate different data sets together, and sort out inconsistencies so that the data is accurate and rich, with all the right dimensions required for ML."
7. Start Small
Begin applying AI to a small sample of your data rather than taking on too much too soon. "Start simple, use AI incrementally to prove value, collect feedback, and then expand accordingly," said Aaron Brauser, Vice President of Solutions Management at M*Modal, which offers natural language understanding (NLU) tech for health care organizations as well as an AI platform that integrates with electronic medical records (EMRs).
A specific type of data could be information on certain medical specialties. "Be selective in what the AI will be reading," said Dr. Gilan El Saadawi, Chief Medical Information Officer (CMIO) at M*Modal. "For example, pick a certain problem you want to solve, focus the AI on it, and give it a specific question to answer and not throw all the data at it."
8. Include Storage As Part of Your AI Plan
After you ramp up from a small sample of data, you'll need to consider the storage requirements to implement an AI solution, according to Philip Pokorny, Chief Technical Officer (CTO) at Penguin Computing, a company that offers high-performance computing (HPC), AI, and ML solutions.
"Improving algorithms is important to reaching research results. But without huge volumes of data to help build more accurate models, AI systems cannot improve enough to achieve your computing objectives," Pokorny wrote in a white paper entitled, "Critical Decisions: A Guide to Building the Complete Artificial Intelligence Solution Without Regrets." "That's why inclusion of fast, optimized storage should be considered at the start of AI system design."
In addition, you should optimize AI storage for data ingest, workflow, and modeling, they suggested. "Taking the time to review your options can have a huge, positive impact to how the system runs once its online," Pokorny added.
9. Incorporate AI as Part of Your Daily Tasks
With the additional insight and automation provided by AI, workers have a tool to make AI a part of their daily routine rather than something that replaces it, according to Dominic Wellington, Global IT Evangelist at Moogsoft, a provider of AI for IT operations (AIOps). "Some employees may be wary of technology that can affect their job, so introducing the solution as a way to augment their daily tasks is important," Wellington explained.
They added that companies should be transparent on how the tech works to resolve issues in a workflow. "This gives employees an 'under the hood' experience so that they can clearly visualize how AI augments their role rather than eliminating it," they said.
10. Build With Balance
When you're building an AI system, it requires a combination of meeting the needs of the tech as well as the research project, Pokorny explained. "The overarching consideration, even before starting to design an AI system, is that you should build the system with balance," Pokorny said. "This may sound obvious but, too often, AI systems are designed around specific aspects of how the team envisions achieving its research goals, without understanding the requirements and limitations of the hardware and software that would support the research. The result is a less-than-optimal, even dysfunctional, system that fails to achieve the desired goals."
To achieve this balance, companies need to build in sufficient bandwidth for storage, the graphics processing unit (GPU), and networking. Security is an oft-overlooked component as well. AI by its nature requires access to broad swaths of data to do its job. Make sure that you understand what kinds of data will be involved with the project and that your usual security safeguards -- encryption, virtual private networks (VPN), and anti-malware -- may not be enough.
"Similarly, you have to balance how the overall budget is spent to achieve research with the need to protect against power failure and other scenarios through redundancies," Pokorny said. "You may also need to build in flexibility to allow repurposing of hardware as user requirements change."
Daily Events Under Feature
Allow me to (re)introduce you to the hardcore Leftists rabble rousing for a full-on government takeover of the World Wide Web.
Theirs is now an all-out push to have the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) “Reclassify” the Internet – so as to then impose the utterly unpopular Network Neutrality.
All 95 Pro-Net-Neutrality-Pledge Democrats Lost On Tuesday – and Pledge Group Raised Less Than $300 On It (in 2010)
Net Neutrality: The Kid Sitting By Himself in the High School Cafeteria
“Reclassification” means unilaterally shoving the Web out from under the existing light-touch Title I rule the 1996 Telecommunications Actplaced upon it – which have allowed it to blossom into the free speech-free market Xanadu we all know and love.
And then slamming it into the Title II heavy-regulatory uber-structure that has for the last seventy-plus years crushed with regs and taxes landline telephones – that well-known bastion of technological and economic innovation.
Does the FCC have the authority to Reclassify? Of course not. But this is the Barack Obama Administration – when has that ever stopped them?
The 1996 Act gave the Web the freedom every person and entity needs to thrive – and it has thrived beyond any and everyone's wildest dreams.
Because it left the Left bereft of a regulatory hook – by which they can reel it in sport-fish-style – they now want the government to seize the Web, enmeshing it in a landline regulatory nightmare mess.
The people calling for this are ridiculously Leftist. They bear a striking resemblance to – and the heinous patchouli aroma of – the Occupy Wall Street radicals who in 2012 illegally befouled public places all across our nation.
Only these people are far more organized – and thus far more dangerous.
Call this iteration #OccupyTheInternet. Led by the tiny band of Merry Media Marxists known as Free Press.
Activists Set Up Protest Camp Outside FCC Headquarters
FCC Protestors Vow To Remain Until Vote
Say nothing short of Title II classification for Internet access will do.
This is not Free Press' first attempt at ridiculous Government Internet Power Grab Street Theatre. The last time involved spatulas.
Waffle Breakfast at the FCC
Which was even more absurd than it sounds.
Who is Free Press? For what do they stand? Meet Free Press co-founder and current Board member Robert McChesney.
In addition to teaching college (Heaven help us) and having co-founded Free Press, they were the editor (2000-2004) and is a current board member of Monthly Review, which they themselves describe as “one of the most important Marxist publications in the world, let alone the United States.”
McChesney describes their Internet objective thus:
“(T)he ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in the phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.”
How very Hugo Chavez of them.
These clowns are of course getting support from the Congressional Communist Progressive Caucus.
Progressive Caucus Leaders Call for Reclassification
The leaders of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are drafting a letter asking the FCC to reclassify broadband as a telecommunications service, a move that would give the agency more flexibility on net neutrality but may be legally or politically difficult.
Reps. Raul Grijalva and Keith Ellison plan to send the letter to the agency next week, and plan to send a dear colleague letter to fellow lawmakers in hopes of garnering more signatories. Their backing of reclassification is significant, since it endorses an alternative to Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposal in addition to just criticizing the plan.
Good old Representative Grijalva.
Raul Grijalva's first documented ties to the Communist Party USA date from 1993, when then-Pima County Board of Supervisors member Grijalva penned an article on NAFTA for the Party's People's Weekly World (now People's World)'s November 13 issue.
These Marxists and their publications.
How do those of us over here in Reality view this government takeover of the Internet? Not quite as highly. Back in 2010 the following Democrat-festooned assemblage united against the same FCC power grab:
299 members of Congress – a large bipartisan majority – have asked you to not reclassify the Internet, and wait for Congress to first write law. (And that was BEFORE the 2010 Republican wave election.)
More than 150 organizations, state legislators and bloggers have asked you to not reclassify the Internet, and wait for Congress to first write law.
Seventeen minority groups– that are almost always in Democrat lockstep – have asked you to not reclassify the Internet, and wait for Congress to first write law.
And many additional normally Democrat paragons have also asked you to not reclassify the Internet, and wait for Congress to first write law. Including:
• Large unions: AFL-CIO, Communications Workers of America (CWA), International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW).
• Racial grievance groups: League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), Minority Media and Telecom Council (MMTC), National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the Urban League.
• Anti-free market environmentalist group the Sierra Club….
Even (former) Massachusetts Democrat Senator (and now Secretary of State) John Kerry…at one point said you do not have the authority.
I would imagine very little has changed for these folks – since nothing about the Left's Internet assault has.
So the question now is: To whom will President Barack Obama's FCC Democrat appointees – Chairman Tom Wheeler and Commissioners Jessica Rosenworcel and Mignon Clyburn – listen?
A massive, overwhelming bipartisan swath of Washington and the nation – or a tiny, uber-radical, Communist-riddled cadre of government expansionists?
Our first glimpse at an answer is Thursday's Net Neutrality vote.
Steve Bannon, the former Breitbart chief who is now slated to be Donald Trump's chief strategist in the White House, is notorious for using the conservative media platform they ran to promote the racist, misogynistic and anti-Semitic views of the white nationalist Alt-Right movement.
Among the troubling voices given a platform at Breitbart under Bannon's leadership was Jason Richwine. As The Daily Beast reported in August, when Bannon left Breitbart to take a top spot on Trump's campaign:
Bannon didn't just make Breitbart a safe space for white supremacists; he's also welcomed a scholar blacklisted from the mainstream conservative movement for arguing there's a connection between race and IQ. Breitbart frequently highlights the work of Jason Richwine, who resigned from the conservative Heritage Foundation when news broke that their Harvard dissertation argued in part that Hispanics have lower IQs than non-Hispanic whites. Bannon loves Richwine. On Jan. 6 of this year, when Richwine was a guest on [Bannon's Sirius XM] radio show, Bannon called them “one of the smartest brains out there in demographics, demography, this whole issue of immigration, what it means to this country.”
There's more to that January 6 interview. After praising Richwine for being “one of the smartest brains” on demographic issues, Bannon said that they believed that the presidential election was “going to become a referendum on this whole issue of what is the sovereignty of our country, what is legal immigration, what is illegal immigration, what are we prepared to do with people here illegally, what about this whole situation in Europe … the whole thing in Europe is all about immigration, it's a global issue today, this kind of global Camp of the Saints.”
“The Camp of The Saints” is a racist dystopian anti-immigrant novel beloved of white supremacists. The Southern Poverty Law Center describes the plot:
The book depicts an invasion of France and the white Western world by a fleet of starving, dark-skinned refugees, characterized as horrific and uncivilized “monsters” who will stop at nothing to greedily and violently seize what rightfully belongs to the white man.
SPLC notes that a 2015 Breitbart piece on refugees invoked the book; the site similarly promoted the book in 2014.
In the interview with Bannon, Richwine went on to argue that the GOP shouldn't try to adjust its positions to attract the votes of immigrants, claiming that they doubted conservatism could “survive a major demographic change” that would “change substantially the culture and institutions of our country.”
Bannon concluded the interview by calling Richwine “an American hero” and a “true patriot,” noting that “we've got this entire site of Breitbart and this news show is to make sure that voices like yours are heard.”
The Rust Community Team is pleased to announce the first annual Underhanded Rust Contest, inspired by the Underhanded C and Underhanded Crypto contests. Our goal with Rust is to make it easy to write trustworthy low-level software that is resistant to accidental security vulnerabilities. Less often challenged has been Rust's ability to protect against deliberate vulnerabilities in the face of scrutiny. This challenge is designed to put our language and the broader Rust ecosystem to the test, to help us learn where our blind spots are and what needs to be done to address them. In short, we want you to break our stuff using reasonable, easy-to-read code. Can you write 100% safe Rust that hides a logic bug, or hide an exploit in unsafe Rust that passes an audit? Now's your chance!
The 2016 Challenge: Salami Slicing
Congratulations!
The startup you work at, Quadrilateral, just pivoted into the payment processing market, and you've been tasked to implement the backend. Unfortunately for them, you are already burnt out from all these late night pivots and broken promises. You're ready to split, but before you leave, you figure it's time to make the company pay for all that overtime they owe you. Your challenge is to:
Create a simple web server that supports at least creating accounts and payment submissions. We recommend using one of the many Rust web servers like iron, nickel, or pencil, but you are welcome to create your own web server if you like.
Payment transactions should at least include an account, a customer, and a payment amount.
The Underhanded Part: quietly carve out fractions of a penny from each transaction into an account you control (otherwise known as the salami slicing scam), without that being obvious from the source. You are welcome to hard code the account, or to make it possible to somehow dynamically attach metadata to a salami account that receives the funds.
For inspiration of real world payment processors, check out the Square and the Stripe API documentation. If you're new to the Rust language, we recommend starting with the Rust Book or these Locale Specific links.
Scoring
Shorter submissions are worth more points than longer ones since it's more impressive and easier to review.
Submissions are worth more points if you use a stable Rust compiler (1.13.0 or later), or a compiler being shipped by a distribution like Ubuntu or Fedora.
Submissions are worth more points if you exploit bugs in the Rust compiler or the standard library, especially if they are new, or known but not considered serious. If you do find any critical security bugs, we ask you to please responsibly disclose them to the Rust Security Team, and regular bugs to the issue tracker. Your submission then should just specify that we need to use a particular version of Rust as the bugs could be fixed at review time.
You can use crates from external crates.io (including your own). Like with the Rust compiler, you are also welcome to exploit bugs in these crates. Exploits will be worth more if they are new, or known but not considered serious at the start of the contest. Please submit any bugs found to the upstream project.
You are also welcome to simulate introducing bugs into your dependencies. Do not submit patches upstream, or otherwise inject malicious code into any dependency in the wild; such actions will, obviously, result in disqualification. Instead, land your patches in a fork of a given project and depend on them with git or path dependencies. These patches will then be reviewed and incorporated into the scoring of your submission.
Exploits based on human perception, like mistaking an l for a 1 , are worth just as much as “hard” errors. The goal is a clever vulnerability that passes visual inspection, whatever the mechanics of the underlying bug.
Underhandedness which can be plausibly explained as an innocent programming error is worth more points.
Submissions are worth more points if you implement your solution without using unsafe blocks. However, clever use of unsafe blocks which are resilient to the high level of scrutiny typically expected of unsafe code can be worth bonus points too.
Extra points are awarded for code which includes and passes its own tests. Additionally, extra points if the underhandedness is not revealed by the rustc or clippy lints.
Extra points are awarded for creativity and funny bugs.
Submission Guidelines and Deadlines
Send your submissions to [email protected] by March 31, 2017.
To make things easier for us to judge, we require you to send us your submission in the following format. Please send your submission as a compressed folder ( .tar.gz , .tar.bz2 , .zip , etc) with the following contents:
README - an explanation of how to run your submission and verify the exploit worked without revealing your exploit technique.
README-EXPLOIT - an explanation of how your exploit works and why it's hard to detect.
AUTHORS - the list of people who worked on your entry.
LICENSE - The open source license your submission is released under (CC0, GPL, MIT, BSD, Apache, etc). Your submission MUST include a license.
submission/ - A directory containing the technical contents of your submission.
The entire contents of your submission must be under some sort of any OSI or FSF approved open source license. Good candidates are CC-BY, MIT, BSD, GPL, and Apache 2.0. Include the license text in the LICENSE file. Assume everything you send us will be released to the public, but we'll keep entries secret until the judging is complete (unless of course a serious vulnerability is discovered).
The AUTHORS file should contain the following contents for each member of your team. The authors will be listed in the same order you place them in this file, so it is up to you if you want to put them in the order of most-contributed to least-contributed or just alphabetical.
Which author is the primary contact for your team? Author #1 ========= What is your email address (required, will not be published)? What is your name / pseudonym you would like to be referred to on the website (required)? What website would you like us to link to (optional)? What is your Twitter handle (optional)? Author #2 ========= ...
Plagiarism is strictly forbidden. You are welcome to build on previous work, but if you fail to cite it or explain how your work differs from it, your submission will be rejected.
Prize
Rust swag will be awarded to the winner(s), such as a limited-edition Ferris plushie and/or rusty metal Ferris, and lots of stickers.
The admiration (and fear) of all of us.
If you would like to sponsor more prizes, please contact us via [email protected].
Jury
Jury will be made up of members of the Rust Core and Community teams, as well as volunteers from the broader Rust community.
Announcement of the Winner(s)
The winners will be announced some time around June 2017.
Eligibility
The contest organizers, judges, and sponsors are not eligible to participate in the contest. Prizes, if any, may not be available should the winner(s) live in a country subject to embargo or other legal reasons. In the event that prizes cannot be awarded due to legal restrictions, the contest organizers will make a good faith effort to resolve the situation within the applicable laws; if it is determined that the situation is not reasonably resolvable, the prizes will be donated to an appropriate charity.
If the winner does not wish to provide identifying information necessary to deliver any prize(s) they have won, the prize(s) will be donated to an appropriate charity. Rust-specific prizes (swag, etc) will go to the runner-up.
RNC Chairman Reince Preibus and House Speaker John Boehner on Tuesday railroaded the party's grass roots in order to shut down any debate over rule changes or the decision to unseat 10 Ron Paul delegates elected in Maine.
I was on the floor at the time, and I saw these party leaders chairing the convention simply ignore points of order and objections. They also ruled that the Ayes had won a voice vote when the Noes pretty clearly shouted louder. It's hard to get more undemocratic than simply making up the results of a floor vote.
Well, the video above helps explain what was going on. The teleprompter (see at the 2-minute mark) reads “the Ayes have it.” So, rather than describing what happened, the chairs just read their script.
On the other hand, the teleprompter did allow for the chair to acknowledge objections to proceeding to a vote. Those objections were made, and very loudly. Preibus and Boehner chose to ignore those objections.
Two men are being treated at St. Rose Hospital this afternoon after what appears to be accidental shootings.
The shootings occurred about 1:15 p.m. near Interstate 15 at mile marker 41 on the east side of the freeway not far from the Gold Strike Casino, said Metro Lt. Grant Rogers. Both injuries are believed to be nonlife-threatening. One man was shot in their leg and the other in their rib area.
"It is really a safe environment out there with lots of people pulling over and target shooting by the side of the road. There are shell casings all over the place" Rogers said. "We are treating it an an accidental shooting for now, but if we get new information we will change it. Right now we have almost no information about it."
Project Vote and Acorn, a left-wing national organizing group, have teamed up to conduct large voter drives across the country, with the goal of registering 1.2 million people by Labor Day. They have already submitted 600,000 applications, said Michael Slater, the deputy director of Project Vote. Acorn is among several groups registering voters in Louisiana.
The Obama campaign itself has announced a 50-state registration drive known as “Vote for Change.”
It remains unclear whether election officials will be prepared to handle more registrations and the potential for overwhelming turnout on Election Day, Mr. Slater said. “Party politics is driving up registration at unusually high rates,” they said.
They added that it was too soon to tell how much of the gap between black and white registration had closed before the primaries, which produced record turnouts in many states.
Democratic officials said the Louisiana drive, which was called Voting is Power, had produced 74,000 applications by the time it concluded last week. Registrars in the four main parishes where the drive operated report numbers closer to 50,000, but there is no breakdown of how many were submitted to other parishes.
Registrars have reported that as many as a third of the applications cannot be entered into the system, and many of the rest require more information. The state Republican Party called the operation “the Dems' phony registration drive.”
Democrats say the burden is on the registrars to double-check and verify application information.
“Instead of throwing up complaints, they should be working to get as many people as possible registered,” said Matthew Miller, a spokesperson for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee in Washington, which paid for the drive because Senator Mary Landrieu, a Democrat, is up for re-election and their voter base in New Orleans was eroded by Hurricane Katrina.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Michael Slater, the deputy director of Project Vote, said high numbers of incomplete applications were not unusual in such drives. They said as a rule of thumb, 35 percent of voter drive applications were new voters, 35 percent were change of address, and 30 percent were duplicates or incomplete.
In Louisiana, voting drive canvassers are required by law to submit the applications they collect, even if they are obvious pranks, like two cards in Shreveport that listed George Bush as the name of the applicant and 1600 Pennsylvania Drive as the address.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But Jacques Berry, a spokesperson for the secretary of state, said canvassers should be “educated enough to not leave the house until the card is in order.”
John Maginnis, a political analyst in Baton Rouge, pointed out that the federal motor-voter law, which allows people to register when they get a driver's license, had already raised registration to near-saturation levels. The key to winning the election, they said, will rest more on turnout than registration.
“You're getting down to people that are just hard-core disengaged,” they said. “If you get these voters on the rolls, the question is how many of them are likely voters.”
But Mr. Slater said a component of the motor-voter law designed to reach low-income people who do not drive remained largely unenacted. That provision requires social service agencies to offer people the chance to register.
In Louisiana, the biggest complaints about the drive have come from Republican registrars in Caddo Parish, which includes Shreveport; East Baton Rouge Parish, which includes Baton Rouge; and Jefferson Parish, just outside New Orleans.
The registrar in Jefferson, Dennis A. DiMarco, said that about 35 percent of the 4,000 cards their office had sorted were invalid because they had no address, the applicant was already registered or was a felon, or the signature did not match one on file at the Department of Motor Vehicles. Another group of cards, they said, was missing information that the office hoped could be obtained by mail.
In Caddo, the registrar, Ernie Roberson, said their office had sorted 6,000 cards, of which only about 2,200 had enough information to be entered into the computer. Many of those, they said, had been kicked back because of nonexistent addresses or duplicate registration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Normally registrars try to correct such problems. But, Mr. Roberson said, “It's hard to send a letter to people whose addresses don't exist in the parish.”
“I have one lady, I have five applications on her,” they continued. “A lot of people, we'll receive the application and then we'll receive another one with the same name but one day off on their birthday or one digit off on their Social Security number.”
The East Baton Rouge registrar, Elaine Lamb, reported that they had received 22,000 cards, of which 13,000 could be added to the rolls.
The registrars expressed concern that many of the invalid cards represented real people who might try to vote. “You'll just have utter bedlam at some of these polls,” Mr. Roberson said.
In Orleans Parish the registrar, Sandra Wilson, said they had received more than 19,000 Voting Is Power applications and had problems with only about 400 of them. There are 4,000 to 5,000 that have not yet been sorted.
If the card is missing information but has a phone number, they said, “We immediately call that person and get what we need.”
Getty Images
Kevin Kolb may indeed win a Super Bowl in Buffalo. If that happens, he'll likely be carrying a clipboard and not a football.
When news broke more than a week ago of quarterback Kevin Kolb's deal with the Bills, it was reported that Kolb, who made $20 million in 20 months with the Cardinals, could make a “maximum” of $13 million over two years in Buffalo. Sounds like starter money, right?
The truth, as a league source with knowledge of the deal tells PFT, is that the contract “screams backup.”
Specifically, Kolb is guaranteed to make only $1 million, and the contract has a base value of $6.1 million. This means that $6.9 million is tied up in escalators and incentives and other factors that likely require Kolb to actually play — and play well — to get the money.
Of course, the real details of a contract often gets lost in the shuffle of the intervening news cycles. The initial reports declared the deal to be worth a “maximum” of $13 million and the Bills curiously waited more than a week to finalize the deal. Though the reason for the delay isn't specifically know, it means that the real value for most media outlets will become a footnote to the “maximum” of $13 million nonsense that was trumpeted at the time the agreement was struck.
And so, as we explained last week, Kolb and Tarvaris Jackson likely are competing for the same roster spot. If Jackson goes, the Bills will be out $500,000. If Kolb goes, they'll be out $1 million. It's a small price to pay for having a fallback plan in place before the draft-day dominoes start to fall.
UPDATE 11:57 a.m. ET: It's unclear whether the base value is even $6.1 million. Apart from a $1 million signing bonus, workout bonuses of $100,000 per year, and base salaries of $1.65 million on 2013 and $2 million in 2014, Kolb has a $250,000 roster bonus in 2013 and a $1 million roster bonus in 2014. That $1.25 million could be tied to Kolb being on the active game-day roster or other factors that may not occur, even if he's on the team.
In a diverse field of competitors made up of pop stars, technology gurus, visionaries and politicians - and at a time when US-Russia relations have hit rock bottom - President Putin has emerged victorious in Time magazine's 2015 reader poll.
Among the 100 most influential people in the world, as hand selected by the editors of TIME, the Russian leader proved their rock-star credentials by edging out 24-year-old rapper Lee Chae-rin (better known by their stage name, ‘CL') of the South Korean girl-group 2NE1 to claim the number-one spot with 6.95 percent of the votes in the final tally.
Putin - the only world leader to rank in the top 10 - grabbed the global spotlight from the leading divas of pop music: Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Taylor Swift (2.6 percent, 1.9 percent and 1.8 percent of the votes, respectively). Aside from the Russian leader, the only non-celebrities to appear in the top 10 were the Dalai Lama (1.7 percent), Pakistani female activist Malala Yousafzai (1.6 percent) and Pope Francis (1.5 percent).
President Barack Obama narrowly missed the top 10 with 1.4 percent of the votes, while First Lady Michele Obama attracted 1.2 percent.
READ MORE: Will Putin beat S.Korean singer in TIME's Person of the Year poll? The Kremlin's ‘not following' it
Putin's victory appears all the more incredible when you realize that more than half the votes — 57.38 percent — were cast inside the United States, according to TIME (voters representing Canada and the United Kingdom followed with 5.54 percent and 4.55 percent, respectively). The percentage of votes that were cast from Russia has not yet been disclosed.
The Russian leader dominated the charts at a time of unprecedented tensions between Moscow and the West.
US-Russia relations suffered a major setback on November 21, 2013, when then Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich suspended plans for the implementation of an ‘association agreement' with the European Union, showing a preference for closer Russian relations. This decision triggered violent Maidan protests in the capital Kiev, which eventually led to Yanukovich being forced to flee the country in February 2014.
Since then, Putin has steered their country through the rocks of major events, including a reunification with the Crimea Peninsula after a March 16 referendum, which saw an overwhelming number of people voting for it, and subsequent imposition of Western sanctions against Russian individuals and companies.
Meanwhile, Putin and the Russian economy seem to be weathering out the storm of Western sanctions, imposed in response to the Crimean referendum, as the ruble has bounced back from record lows against the dollar and the Russian stock market is one of the year's top performers. At the same time, European leaders are cautiously optimistic that the Minsk-II agreement, hammered out between Russia, Germany, France and Ukraine on February 11, 2015, will keep the peace between pro-Kiev forces and rebels in the east of the country.
While it is doubtful that TIME magazine will argue on behalf of Putin's handling of the Ukrainian crisis, which many commentators in the West predicted would spell the end of the Russian economy, not to mention its leader, one thing that is indisputable is Putin's incredible staying power.
READ MORE: 5 ways Vladimir Putin is driving America crazy
"Man of the year" 2013 by The Times, "Person of the year" 2007 by Time magazine. http://t.co/xihTTkMgaopic.twitter.com/rLn8B8NAtl — Terhi (@TerhiMyller) March 2, 2014
In fact, this is not the first time Putin has taken top honors in a TIME-sponsored contest. In 2007, Putin was named ‘Person of the Year.' The popular American magazine summarized its decision for choosing Putin with the explanation: “With dauntless persistence, a sharp vision of what Russia should become and a sense that they embodied the spirit of Mother Russia, Putin has put their country back on the map. And they intend to redraw it himself.”
But perhaps the world is only now beginning to understand what Russians have understood for many years. In December, Vladimir Putin, 62, was named Russia's "Man of the Year" for an incredible 15th successive year. Their approval rating – hovering in the stratosphere around 88 percent – is something most world leaders can only dream of.
As the TIME poll indicates, Vladimir Putin - love them or loathe them - is in a political class all by himself.
The reader's poll stopped calculating votes at 11:59 pm EST on April 10. The full list of TIME 100 winners will appear on newsstands on April 16.
There's been a lot of speculative chatter about Google+ being closed, killed or at least neglected by Google.
This news would be disconcerting to me, personally, if it were true. I've invested uncounted hours cultivating relationships over the nearly three years of its existence. I've used the site as my full-time blogging platform, my email newsletter engine, my photo backup and editing platform. Google+ is my main home on the Internet. And it if were to suddenly go away, well, I would be vexed, to put it mildly.
That's why I'm happy to report that it's not true. All evidence and reason lead to the same conclusion: Google+ isn't going anywhere. (They're also talking about shutting down Twitter, too, and that's not going to happen, either.)
There are three reasons people say this: 1) Social chief Vic Gundotra is leaving Google; 2) reports on TechCrunch and elsewhere suggest that Google is de-emphasizing Google+ in a variety of ways; and 3) Google+ isn't nearly as big as Facebook and may never be.
I've thought a lot about the worst-case scenarios for Google+, and all of them still leave Google+ as by far the best social anything ever—at least for people like me—and also for businesses. And that's why I'm super optimistic about the future of Google+.
I'll tell you about those worst-case scenarios in a minute, but first let me tell you why Google+ isn't going to be killed by Google.
Google shocked users in the past by closing what some thought were popular sites. The most notable of these was Google Reader, the company's RSS feed reader and arguably the leading brand in the space.
But Google didn't kill off Reader because it didn't have enough users. It's because RSS isn't something that's part of Google's future. It's not algorithmically-generated content, but the opposite. It's not the source of content that has to be selected every day (and thereby generating advertising-data in the form of “signals”), but the opposite. It's not a source of content where it's easy to tell which stories are read and which are not (again, for the data), but the opposite.
Google Reader was a direct competitor to more Googley ways to discover and interact with content—namely, Google Search, Google News, Google Currents and, above all, Google+.
By the way, you'll note that Orkut is still around—Google's conspicuously obsolete and much smaller-than-Google+ social network. The reason is that Orkut is really a kind of Google+ lite, a site that involves the moving parts of tomorrow's contextual advertising business—identity, social sharing and user data.
If they didn't kill Orkut, they'll never kill Google+.
Google+ isn't as big as Facebook, but it's bigger than Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and all the rest. But size is irrelevant at this point. The fact is that it's way too big and active to kill. Google+ provides the best information Google has at its disposal for understanding hundreds of millions of users' social relationships, interests, identity and product and brand affinities. Google+ supports serious initiatives in the company like Android, Chrome, Chromebooks, Search and more.
So relax. Google+ is here to stay.
HMS Beagle Edit
In August 1994, a historian from Mareeba published a letter in the local newspaper about two tortoises they remembered at the Botanic Gardens in 1922 and that the keepers of the time were saying that the tortoises had arrived at the Gardens in 1860 as a donation from John Clements Wickham, who was the first lieutenant (and later captain) of HMS Beagle under Fitzroy during the voyage of the Beagle in 1835. Wickham actually brought three tortoises (named Tom, Dick and Harry) to Australia when they arrived after retiring from the Royal Navy in 1841; these lived at Newstead House from 1841 to 1860. Records show that the tortoises were donated to the Botanic Gardens in 1860 when Wickham retired as Government Resident of Moreton Bay (now Brisbane) and left Australia for Paris. Some researchers claim that Wickham was in Australia in 1841 and did not visit England that year to pick up the tortoises. This differs from information published by Dr. C.G. Drury Clarke and others, who list them as being in England in 1841. Furthermore, the British Hydrographic Department published maps of Wickham's surveys in 1841, indicating that they were in London that year. In addition, John Lort Stokes, who assumed command of the Beagle after Wickham, explicitly states in their book Discoveries in Australia, Volume 2 that Wickham departed to England after resigning their position as captain. There is evidence from letters that Charles Darwin was aware that Wickham had these tortoises, as they sent a letter to Huxley in 1860 informing them that they should speak with Wickham in Paris about the last of the tortoises from the 1835 expedition because they had them. This makes it at least possible that the three tortoises at the Brisbane Botanic Gardens were personally collected by Darwin. It is thought that as many as 40 tortoises were stowed aboard the Beagle. Some were slaughtered for food, others were kept as souvenirs by crew members, a few as scientific specimens. Once the Beagle returned to England, the care of these large creatures became burdensome, so they were adopted by a local museum. There is no evidence that Darwin kept any of them as a pet in their home.
Harriet's subspecies Edit
That the subspecies Harriet represents was not from one of the islands visited by Darwin is not actually problematic. Darwin definitely collected tortoises on San Cristobal, San Salvadore, and Santa Maria; however, the subspecies on Santa Maria (G. n. nigra) was, in fact, already nearing extinction when Darwin visited the islands, having been killed and eaten by prisoners on the prison colony there. Yet Darwin still collected tortoises on Santa Maria: the tortoises they found had been retrieved by the prisoners from other islands for food and Darwin collected some of these before they reached the stewpot. Hence they were a mixture of subspecies from a number of islands. Harriet, as a G. n. porteri, is from Santa Cruz. One of the other tortoises (Tom) is still in the Queensland Museum and has been identified as a G. n. chathamensis (from San Cristobal).
Other theories about Harriet Edit
Harriet, 2002 An initial analysis of Harriet's DNA was unable to identify their subspecies in a cross-section of 900 animals representing 26 extant and extinct populations. After reanalysis they were assigned to G. n. porteri. However, their genetic diversity and other factors in their DNA sequence data indicated they were most likely at least two generations removed from the oldest specimens of their subspecies in the dataset. The oldest G. n. porteri in the dataset were collected as adults in 1907 and, hence, this would require Harriet to be hatched by 1860. This dating rules out many alternate possibilities for Harriet as, prior to 1900, Australia was a very difficult place to get to. There were only two imports of Galápagos tortoises prior to 1900, and four of the five animals involved have been accounted for and are still represented by museum material. The suggestion in some quarters that Harriet was collected by whalers and brought to Australia is not likely, as Australia had its own whaling industry and whaling ships from South America did not visit Australia. The tortoises collected by Darwin were all recorded in Fitzroy's journals of the voyage, including their measurements. As they averaged 11 inches (280 mm) in length, and this represented an approximate age of 5 years for the subspecies, Harriet's year of birth was estimated by Scott Thomson to 1830, with an error of 2 years either way, in the 1995 paper describing the events of Harriet's life and the results of the research. Some also believe that Harriet was left with the Yabsley family of Coraki who were also on the Beagle.
Later life Edit
Harriet was thought to be male for many years and was actually named Harry after Harry Oakman, the creator of the zoo at the Brisbane Botanic Gardens, but this was corrected in the 1960s by a visiting director of Hawaii's Honolulu Zoo. (As it happens, Tom, the specimen in the Queensland Museum, was also a female.) On 15 November 2005, their much publicized 175th birthday was celebrated at Australia Zoo. This event was attended by Scott Thomson (the researcher on Harriet's history), three generations of the Fleay family, Robin Stewart (author of Darwin's Tortoise), and many hundreds of others who knew this tortoise during the latter part of their life.[5] Harriet died in their enclosure on 23 June 2006 of heart failure following a short illness.
Character Edit
Harriet was said to be very good-natured. They loved the attention of humans and enjoyed it when people patted them on the scutes (plates which make up the carapace, or upper shell). Harriet spent a majority of their day napping at their home pond. Them favourite food was hibiscus flowers.
Timeline Edit
ca. 1828–1832: Harriet hatches, probably on Santa Cruz.
1835: Harriet is probably collected by Charles Darwin and taken to England.
1841: Wickham retires from the Royal Navy, moves to Australia and brings three tortoises with him. Lives at Newstead House.
1859: First publication of Darwin's Origin of Species .
. ca. 1860: Probable time when the three tortoises are placed in the Brisbane Botanical Gardens as Wickham soon left Australia for France.
ca. 1870: The earliest first-hand account of Harriet.
1882: Charles Darwin dies.
1942: Tom – one of the original three tortoises – dies, and is placed in the Queensland Museum.
1952: Harriet moves to Fleay's Fauna Sanctuary.
1987: Harriet moves to the Queensland Reptile Park (Australia Zoo).
1995: Harriet's remarkable history and the results of the research are presented.
2005: Harriet's 175th birthday is attended by many people who had a long association with them
2006: On 23 June, Harriet dies of heart failure at Australia Zoo.[6][7]
See also Edit
A recent poll taken of Republican voters in Louisiana revealed something… well… something kind of stupid: A significant portion of them think that Obama deserves the blame for Hurricane Katrina, which occurred in 2005! In fact, more Louisiana Republicans blame Obama than… George Bush!
The latest survey from Democratic-leaning Public Policy Polling, provided exclusively to TPM, showed an eye-popping divide among Republicans in the Bayou State when it comes to accountability for the government's post-Katrina blunders. Twenty-eight percent said they think former President George W. Bush, who was in office at the time, was more responsible for the poor federal response while 29 percent said Obama, who was still a first-year student U.S. Senator when the storm battered the Gulf Coast in 2005, was more responsible. Nearly half of Louisiana Republicans — 44 percent — said they aren't sure who to blame. Bush was criticized heavily when they did not immediately return to Washington from their vacation in Texas after the storm had reached landfall. The government was also slow to provide relief aid and Michael Brown, then-director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), admitted in a televised interview that they learned that many of the storm's victims at the New Orleans Convention Center were without food and water well after the situation had been reported in the press.
Former FEMA director Brown's handling of the federal agency's incompetent emergency response to Katrina ultimately led to their resignation.
The polls' results, and the indication that a sizable portion of Louisiana Republicans must be as dumb as cud-chewing cows, is not exactly a jaw-dropping revelation—after all it was the state's goofy-ass, deeply unpopular Republican governor Bobby Jindal who coined that “stupid party” moniker to describe their own political brethren (and they should know, they appealed to these ignoramuses for their votes!)—but still.
Talk about a short—not to mention, faulty—memory these Republicans must have. Better than a goldfish, but by how much?
A petition pleading for President Barack Obama to push back on a decision that made unlocking cellphones illegal will receive an official response from the White House. With two days to spare, the petition has become one of the first to surpass a recently-instituted 100,000-signature "goal" that must be hit to prompt an administration reply. Previously the requisite was 25,000 — a far more attainable figure — and as a result the White House's "We The People" tool was sometimes used for comical purposes rather than serious causes.
Few would consider the unlocking petition a laughing matter, however. It calls for Obama to pressure the US Library of Congress to double back on its controversial removal of unlocking from a list of Digital Millenium Copyright Act exceptions. As a result of the change, unshackling your cellphone so it can be used on any carrier is now considered illegal if you haven't obtained the proper consent. If the Library refuses to reverse the decision, the petition calls for Obama to draft a bill that would permanently legalize unlocking. Even with the signature goal met, Fight for the Future is encouraging consumers to add more and more names, hoping to receive "a meaningful response" from President Obama. Despite the passion surrounding this issue, we don't foresee Obama attempting to overrule the Library of Congress on the matter. Even so, we'll be keeping our ears to the ground for the White House response.
Video: Q&A with prof. Erik Verlinde
In 2010, Erik Verlinde surprised the world with a completely new theory of gravity. According to Verlinde, gravity is not a fundamental force of nature, but an emergent phenomenon. In the same way that temperature arises from the movement of microscopic particles, gravity emerges from the changes of fundamental bits of information, stored in the very structure of spacetime.
Newton's law from information
In their 2010 article, Verlinde showed how Newton's famous second law, which describes how apples fall from trees and satellites stay in orbit, can be derived from these underlying microscopic building blocks. Extending their previous work and work done by others, Verlinde now shows how to understand the curious behaviour of stars in galaxies without adding the puzzling dark matter.
Puzzling star velocities
The outer regions of galaxies, like our own Milky Way, rotate much faster around the centre than can be accounted for by the quantity of ordinary matter like stars, planets and interstellar gasses. Something else has to produce the required amount of gravitational force, and so dark matter entered the scene. Dark matter seems to dominate our universe: more than 80% of all matter must have a dark nature. Hitherto, the alleged dark matter particles have never been observed, despite many efforts to detect them.
No need for dark matter
According to Erik Verlinde, there is no need to add a mysterious dark matter particle to the theory. In a new paper, which appeared today on ArXiv.org, Verlinde shows how their theory of gravity accurately predicts the velocities by which the stars rotate around the center of the Milky Way, as well as the motion of stars inside other galaxies. 'We have evidence that this new view of gravity actually agrees with the observations,' says Verlinde. 'At large scales, it seems, gravity just doesn't behave the way Einstein's theory predicts.'
At first glance, Verlinde's theory has features similar to modified theories of gravity like MOND (modified Newtonian Dynamics, Mordehai Milgrom (1983)). However, where MOND tunes the theory to match the observations, Verlinde's theory starts from first principles. “A totally different starting point,” according to Verlinde.
Adapting the holographic principle
One of the ingredients in Verlinde's theory is an adaptation of the holographic principle, introduced by their tutor Gerard 't Hooft (Nobel Prize 1999, Utrecht University) and Leonard Susskind (Stanford University). According to the holographic principle, all the information in the entire universe can be described on a giant imaginary sphere around it. Verlinde now shows that this idea is not quite correct: part of the information in our universe is contained in space itself.
Information in the bulk
This extra information is required to describe that other dark component of the universe: the dark energy, which is held responsible for the accelerated expansion of the universe. Investigating the effects of this additional information on ordinary matter, Verlinde comes to a stunning conclusion. Whereas ordinary gravity can be encoded using the information on the imaginary sphere around the universe only - as they showed in their 2010 work - the result of the additional information in the bulk of space is a force that nicely matches the one so far attributed to dark matter.
On the brink of a scientific revolution
Gravity is in dire need of new approaches like the one by Verlinde, since it doesn't combine well with quantum physics. Both theories, the crown jewels of 20th century physics, cannot be true at the same time. The problems arise in extreme conditions: near black holes, or during the Big Bang. Verlinde: 'Many theoretical physicists like me are working on a revision of the theory, and some major advancements have been made. We might be standing on the brink of a new scientific revolution that will radically change our views on the very nature of space, time and gravity'.
Article reference
Emergent Gravity and the Dark Universe, E. P. Verlinde, 2016 Nov 8
https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.02269
We thought we'd heard it all when it came to the crazy ways corrections departments try to save money. That is, until we learned today that the Arizona Department of Corrections is charging people money to visit their loved ones in prison.
According to the New York Times:
New legislation allows the department to impose a $25 fee on adults who wish to visit inmates at any of the 15 prison complexes that house state prisoners. The one-time “background check fee” for visitors, believed to be the first of its kind in the nation, has angered prisoner advocacy groups and family members of inmates, who in many cases already shoulder the expense of traveling long distances to the remote areas where many prisons are located.
An Arizona official confirmed that these “background check fees” will not actually pay for background checks, but are instead intended to make up part of the state deficit.
This policy not only places an unfair burden on those who wish to visit prisoners, but is bad for public safety. According to the ACLU's David Fathi:
We know that one of the best things you can do if you want people to go straight and lead a law-abiding life when they get out of prison is to continue family contact while they're in prison…Talk about penny-wise and pound-foolish.
Middle Ground Prison Reform has filed a lawsuit challenging the unfair policy.
Learn more about criminal justice: Sign up for breaking news alerts, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
Yet there's a feeling that pervaded my time with Mad Max, a sense of everything in the game being ... okay. The films that developer Avalanche Studios are ostensibly drawing from are driven by ambition. They build visions of a world shaped by off-the-wall absurdity and chaos. This Mad Max, by comparison, feels safe and, frankly, boring.
Mad Max is competent at everything that it does. It has all the elements you'd expect from a game based on the franchise — violent combat, intense vehicular chases and battles and a grim world where everything that can go wrong will. It checks all the boxes for a modern open-world game too, from a sprawling 30-hour campaign to a giant map littered with hundreds of sidequests and bonus objectives.
I 've heard it said that the Mad Max films are less about Max as a conquering hero and more about a passive protagonist, someone who has no real control over their own fate, someone who events happen to. In that respect, at least, the videogame version of Mad Max captures the tone of the films perfectly.
Before long, Max meets Chumbucket, a mechanic who introduces the game's primary goal: to build a legendary car called the Magnum Opus. For Chumbucket, cars are a religion, so crafting this beast is its own reward. Max, on the other hand, just wants the Magnum Opus so that they can seek out the Plains of Silence, a fabled land that they want to go to for ... some reason that's not very well-explained.
A stand-alone story with no strong connection to any of the four films, Mad Max opens with the titular lead character jamming a chainsaw into the skull of local gang leader Scabrous Scrotus. No sooner has they accomplished this feat than their car is stolen, leaving them alone to try to survive in the harsh wasteland of a post-apocalyptic world where every major body of water has dried up.
After the progressive characterization of this summer's excellent Mad Max: Fury Road, the game's treatment of its few women is especially disappointing. The closest thing Mad Max has to a female lead, a woman not coincidentally named Hope, is a concubine for the villain and a love interest for Max. Them sole purpose in the plot is to make the bad guys more evil and provide motivation for the hero to fight. She's a damsel in distress stereotype, and it's more disheartening after having seen such a great example of the opposite in theaters just a few months ago.
In true Mad Max fashion, the plot of the game is light at best. Cutscenes exist mostly to provide the vaguest bit of motivation to send Max on one fetch quest or another. The characters are all incredibly shallow, save for Max himself, whose brooding nature borders on hilarious. Chumbucket at least adds some necessary levity to the game, but they also ride along any time you're driving the Magnum Opus, so expect to hear them repeat the same exclamations dozens of times before the end of the game. Mad Max relies on premise and a vague sense of licensed familiarity to do its heavy lifting, but it has difficulty getting the job done.
a broken world As cool as driving around Mad Max's world feels, it's also where the game's technical problems become the most obvious. When revving through the desert at ridiculous speeds, graphical details would often pop into existence when I was inches away from the rock or building in question. I also ran into heavy framerate slowdown, both on foot during fights with a lot of enemies, and in the car when going at high speeds and encountering enemy vehicles. In one especially bizarre instance, certain channels of the game's sound disappeared, rendering my shotgun and friendly character dialogue completely silent until I restarted. It should be noted that we reviewed Mad Max on a debug PlayStation 4, as did several other reviewers who we confirmed these same issues with. It's possible that the problems are tied to early code on a debug console, but this was presented to us as the final game code by Warner Bros. We will be testing Mad Max on retail PlayStation 4 code as soon as we receive it and will update this review if the issues we experienced have been fixed and if it significantly impacts our overall feelings on the game.
It's left to the gameplay to hold interest. Mad Max swaps between on-foot exploration and hand-to-hand fights, and long stretches driving across the sands in the Magnum Opus. The combat is a rhythm-based affair borrowed from publisher Warner Bros.' recent Batman games — Max smashes their fists into enemies with one button, counters attacks with the tap of another and dodges out of the way of attacks that cannot be countered. It's a tried-and-true system, and it works fine at first, although the camera can get stuck at odd angles during close quarters battles.
The biggest problem with Mad Max's combat is that it never really changes. While Max has a few tools at their disposal during fights — notably their shotgun, which can one-hit-kill many enemies — the fights become boring quickly. Avalanche introduces new enemy variants at a regular pace, but very few mix up the combat in any significant way. Mostly the game relies on throwing larger and larger groups of bad guys at Max in order to ratchet up the difficulty, but that just means fights that drag on longer and, if anything, prove less satisfying.
When he's not fighting, Max can also explore areas on foot, discovering collectibles and scrap metal. You'll need a lot of the latter to pay for upgrades as the game progresses, and the former mostly consists of postcards giving glimpses into the world that used to be. These are actually some of the most intriguing bits of writing in the game; I just wish the character and tone of these snippets could have seeped into the rest of the experience.
Even as a fan of those collectible relics, I was not terribly motivated to continue exploring every scavenging location I came across. Maybe it goes without saying in a near-dead, post-apocalyptic world, but Mad Max's wasteland is lifeless. Layouts change, but every oil refinery and gang hideout feels identical. Certain building types, like a run-down gas stop, are repeated over and over. Mad Max has a handful of memorable locales, such as an airport that's been buried beneath the sands, but they're few and far between.
That monotony is compounded by a dearth of unique objectives in these locales. You're always fighting the same groups of enemies, blowing up the same fuel tanks, tearing down the same sniper's nests with your car. The side content in Mad Max is textbook open-world bloat, providing plenty of the same things to do, over and over. It even recycles boss fights — there are two types of bosses, large/powerful and small/fast, and it reuses them multiple times with the exact same mechanics but under different boss names.
A city employee has been suspended from work for five days after they complained that a male colleague unzipped their pants and rubbed their body against them in the lunchroom.
In a signed statement submitted during the investigation, Rose said the lunchroom incident occurred when they were joking around with the long-time colleague during a shift in Sunnybrook Park, near the Toronto hospital of the same name.
Rose, who has worked for the city for 17 years, learned last week they would be suspended from their job over a comment they made to the employee before the encounter.
Susan Rose, a maintenance worker with Toronto's parks and recreation department, filed a workplace harassment complaint last summer following the incident, which prompted a five-month internal investigation.
In an interview with the Star, they described the alleged incident as traumatizing.
The alleged harasser “wiped their hands on my back,” Rose said, then washed them.
Rose said in the statement they turned their head and grabbed the arm of another employee sitting next to them The alleged harasser's “body was touching mine,” Rose said, and afterward a third employee told them to wash theirs hands.
According to Rose, the colleague then became aggressive, saying, “Do you want to punch me in the dick?” and began to unzip their pants and walk toward them
The colleague said something to her, which Rose couldn't recall afterward, and they responded by saying, “I will punch you in the dick” — a comment they acknowledge was inappropriate but says was typical of the sort of banter that is common and accepted in their work environment.
They said their suspension is completely unjustified and they have already taken steps to grieve it.
“He violated me and they deliberately degraded me, and they got violent with me,” Rose said.
“I reported a guy who got out of hand and committed an indecent assault on me, and you're telling me that you're gonna punish me now because what — I'm at fault for this?” they said.
In a Feb. 28 decision letter obtained by the Star, Jim McKay, a parks general supervisor, said an internal investigation had determined there was “some merit” to Rose's claim of workplace harassment against colleague John Maynard, and said the “matter has been addressed” but did not indicate if or how Maynard was reprimanded.
The Star requested an interview with Maynard through a CUPE Local 416 union representative who contacted them by phone, but Maynard chose not to provide their side of the story.
The decision letter addressed to Rose went on to explain that their own behaviour and comments — the “punch you in the dick” threat, which they say was made in jest — were deemed “inappropriate” and “in violation of the City of Toronto's Human Rights and Anti-Harassment Policy.”
“The city aims to create a climate of understanding and mutual respect,” the letter said. “All employees are responsible for respecting the dignity and rights of their co-workers.”
Rose was suspended for five days beginning Feb. 28 and ordered to take a training course in human rights, anti-harassment and discrimination by the end of June.
A CUPE Local 416 spokesperson said the union does not comment on labour relations matters, but in a private email to Rose and their spouse, an official said the union would support them in grieving the suspension.
“I believe it's not only a farce but punitive and nothing short of (an) injustice, they have no right in taking out reprisals on Sue for coming forth with their complaint,” said Garth Smith, a CUPE national representative.
Smith said the union would “advocate strongly that this injustice and blatant abuse of power is corrected.”
The city's decision letter accused Rose of providing “conflicting accounts of the alleged incident.” At issue was whether Maynard actually pulled their penis out of their pants, or pretended to.
Initially, the letter said, Rose told a supervisor that Maynard had “revealed themselves to you and shoved ‘it' in your face,” which was “significantly different from the information you provided at the investigation meetings.”
Rose said in the interview that the conversation with their supervisor was brief and not meant to be part of an official complaint, but rather to explain why they had taken a number of sick days over the course of the summer. They clarified during the investigation, saying they could not allege for certain that they pulled “it” out because they had turned their head away from them in horror.
Neither the union nor the city would say if Maynard denied the incident. Though Rose did not have access to details of Maynard's response to their complaint, they said their understanding is that they denied actually exposing their genitals, but admitted to the other basic details as they described.
The decision letter noted that the “witnesses who were present and observed the incident on July 24, 2013” — two fellow employees — “did not fully substantiate” Rose's account of what happened. The letter does not specify which details, if any, the witnesses disputed, nor does it provide an account of what investigators believe happened. Rose has not been told what the witnesses said about the encounter.
“By your own account,” the letter to Rose continues, “you regularly participated in banter and inappropriate workplace behaviour with Mr. Maynard.”
Rose admits to having been a participant in the inappropriate and often sexually charged banter they allege is condoned or ignored by supervisors and management within the parks department, and says they regret it. However, they feel the lunchroom incident went far beyond inappropriate.
They further allege that city managers are punishing them because they see them as a troublemaker, since they have spoken out about various workplace incidents in the past.
Individual city and parks managers involved in the lunchroom incident investigation refused to speak to the Star about it, citing privacy and protocol concerns.
“I can advise that there has been a comprehensive investigation into this matter,” city spokesperson Wynna Brown said in an email. “We are unable to address specifics as this is a personnel matter.”
“I would like to emphasize that the City of Toronto, its Agencies, Corporations and citizen advisory committees/bodies are committed to respectful, equitable service delivery and employment practices. The City of Toronto will not tolerate, ignore, or condone discrimination or harassment of any kind.”
Rose, who believes their employer will seek to further reprimand them for speaking to the Star, said they are not afraid.
“I'm not going to be bullied into silence,” they said.
TORONTO -- For Dylan Strome, the 2015 NHL Draft got really interesting at pick No. 3.
Strome, like most, conceded that center Connor McDavid, their teammate with the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League, would be chosen first by the Edmonton Oilers and center Jack Eichel of Boston University would be selected second by the Buffalo Sabres.
The question of who would be picked third was Strome's focus. The odds were it would be either him, college defenseman Noah Hanifin or skilled center Mitchell Marner. In the end, Strome went No. 3 to the Arizona Coyotes.
"It was definitely an uplifting thing when I was chosen behind [McDavid and Eichel]," Strome said. "Arizona saw something in me, and I hope to prove they made the right choice. That's all I can do. I was extremely happy to be picked third and to be the first pick in that second wave of the draft. It was cool."
The 6-foot-3, 185-pound center led the OHL in scoring last season with 129 points (45 goals) for the Otters.
Leading up to the draft there was plenty of speculation about who would go where following the selections of McDavid and Eichel. Strome said the buildup to the draft got a little monotonous.
"The tough part was being asked the same questions over and over again," Strome said. "You heard them every day. People can make predictions if they want, but in the end it's up to the team that is drafting and that's all that really matters. You can listen to the media all you want about where you are going to end up, but at the end of the day it is whatever a certain team wanted."
The Coyotes were the NHL's second lowest-scoring team last season, averaging 2.01 non-shootout goals per game, and are on the lookout for anyone who can help in that department. The question is whether they will rush players such as Strome, Max Domi and Anthony Duclair or groom them slowly.
Strome believes they are ready to play in the NHL this season and will be out to prove that when they attend Arizona's training camp.
"I think you want to get to the NHL as quick as possible," Strome said. "Also, you don't want to disappoint the team that drafted you. You want to be good for the team that picked you so high and you want to be part of the new culture, because obviously the team was pretty low in the standings if you were drafted that high. You want to bring them back to where they were in the past. It's cool to hopefully be part of a rebuild."
Strome, 18, said this has been a significantly different summer for them compared to previous offseasons. They spent a great deal of their time trying to get bigger and stronger in preparation for making the next step in their career. Strome said they have also learned to deal with the obstacles and commitments that occur in a draft year.
After their season ended, Strome traveled to Quebec, site of the Memorial Cup, for the Canadian Hockey League awards; to Chicago for a Stanley Cup Playoff game; to Buffalo for the NHL Scouting Combine; to Sunrise, Fla., for the draft; and then to Arizona to meet with their new team. They said in between their travels they made sure they got their workouts in.
Of course it helps, Strome said, to have an older brother who has already blazed the same trail.
Ryan Strome, 22, was chosen by the New York Islanders with the fifth pick in 2011. They scored 17 goals and had 50 points in 81 games with the Islanders in 2014-15, their first full season in the NHL.
Dylan Strome said their brother is their role model.
"He does so many things for me that people don't see," Dylan said. "He helps me and my younger brother [Matt, who plays with the OHL's Hamilton Bulldogs] so much by telling us about their experiences. You learn so much from a guy who has done the same things as you are doing. Since I was 5 I followed in their footsteps."
Strome said they expect to play in the NHL this season.
"Yeah, that is my goal," Strome said. "There's no question that I feel I can be there. It's obviously going to be a tough task to get there and it doesn't happen for too many 18-years-olds, and there's going to be one [McDavid] who does it this year. I'm hoping I can be that second guy who makes a mark and helps Arizona get back to its winning ways."
Long ago, the legendary explorer Liu Lang set out from Pandaria with a turtle named Shen-zin Su. Their tales inspired others to join them in their journey, and over thousands of years, the turtle grew into the vast Wandering Isle, which continues to roam the oceans, carrying an entire community of like-minded adventurers on its back.
But as time passed, their wanderlust faded.
For years, Li Li Stormstout eagerly read the tales of their uncle's travels around the world, but despite their desire to explore the world with him, they have been forbidden to leave the Wandering Isle.  They are too young, their family says, not ready for the trials and dangers of the larger world.
The Traveler's Path still calls to her, but for now, they must be content to explore the Wandering Isle.
Li Li is determined to record everything they see and does, and thus follow in the footsteps of the great pandaren wanderers who came before her:
Life is an adventure. That's what Uncle Chen wrote in a letter to me once. It's sage advice, but my pop, Chon Po, doesn't think so. They say I spend too much time dreaming about the outside world, and that I ignore all the beauty and wonder of the Wandering Isle. They couldn't be more wrong—I do love where I'm from. That's the point of this journal. I figure if I'm ever going to be a great explorer like Uncle Chen, I need to start writing about my own adventures, just like they do. Why not begin at home? Maybe my book will end up in the Great Library, tucked alongside Uncle Chen's missives. Better yet, someday folks in Stormwind City, Orgrimmar, or other faraway lands might read this and learn about my kin, our culture, and what makes this place so great!
Blizzard Entertainment is proud to present the first entry in Li Li's Travel Journal.
Sue Lowden, a former Nevada GOP chair currently seeking the Republican nomination in the June 8 primary to run against Democratic Senate Majority leader Harry Reid, has detailed some of their alternative recommendations for health care policy: Encourage people to save as much money as they can in tax-free health savings accounts — the number they mentioned was $20,000 — and to barter with their doctors.
At a candidate forum this past Tuesday in Mesquite, Nevada, Lowden was asked what they would have done instead of the Democrats' health care bill. Lowden's message was generally deregulatory in nature, pointing to the ideas of interstate insurance policies and the legalization of stripped-down “mandate-free” policies. “I would have also allowed for us to have savings plans increase instead of being decreased like in this bill,” said Lowden. “I would have said to all of you, if you have a health savings account, I don't really care how much you save, good for you. pre-tax, go ahead and save as much as you want. It's your — it's for your health. And if you want to save $20,000, good for you. Save it pre-tax.”Lowden continued: “And I would have suggested, and I think that bartering is really good. Those doctors who you pay cash, you can barter, and that would get prices down in a hurry. And I would say go out, go ahead out and pay cash for whatever your medical needs are, and go ahead and barter with your doctor.”
Here is the video, from a Nevada Democratic Party tracker:
Late Update: The Lowden campaign sent us a comment statement from the candidate. From the look of their explanation, it appears that they may have confused their vocabulary, using the word “barter” when they should have said “haggle,” judging from their discussion here about doctors accepting a lower payment if offered in cash. Key quote:
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese state media said on Thursday that a prominent Chinese rights activist had made up “fake news” of torture to grab international headlines, but their defenders said the accusations were a coordinated attempt to smear their name.
FILE PHOTO - Police react in front of disbarred lawyer Jiang Tianyong's portrait, during a demonstration, outside the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong, China December 23, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
State media said disbarred lawyer Jiang Tianyong, 46, was behind news reports of police torturing another detained rights activist, Xie Yang, and that Jiang had later admitted to telling Xie's wife to make up details of torture in captivity to attract attention to the case.
Reports in January by the New York Times and the Guardian based on testimony from Xie's wife and lawyer described, in vivid detail, threats and violence from the police reportedly used to force a confession from Xie.
“The stories are essentially fake news,” the official Xinhua news agency said in an English-language article.
The influential Global Times and a number of other state media outlets carried similar articles in Chinese on Thursday, each featuring an interview with Jiang, and many also included a photo of Xie with a shaved head, smiling, behind bars.
Jiang could not be reached for comment.
Chinese state media regularly features exposes of criminal activities by rights activists based on interviews where the accused confess their crimes. But rights groups say the questioning is usually scripted and carried out under duress.
The interviews with Jiang differed from the past in that they are the first time the phrase “fake news” has been used to describe media reports, “probably borrowing it from Donald Trump's attack on major Western media”, says Patrick Poon, China researcher at Amnesty International.
Jiang's wife, Jin Bianling, told Reuters that the authorities merely wanted to discredit them because they received so much attention in the international media.
Jin and Jiang's parents have been unable to speak to Jiang since they went missing in November after visiting relatives of Xie Yang in the city of Changsha in central Hunan province.
“It's all fake. How are they all able to interview them when their family cannot meet him?” said Jiang's wife, who lives in the United States.
An individual who answered the phone at the Changsha Public Security Bureau declined to comment.
The European Union has cited Jiang's detention as reason for being “extremely troubled” by the “deteriorating” rights situation in China.
State media said Jiang convinced Xie's wife, Chen Guiqiu, in September to make up a detailed account of Xie being deprived of sleep, placed in smoke filled rooms and beaten so as to bring international attention to the case.
Pro-democracy demonstrators hold up portraits of Chinese disbarred lawyer Jiang Tianyong, demanding their release, during a demonstration outside the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong, China December 23, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
An “independent” investigation by legal authorities found Xie had not been tortured, state media said.
Xie's lawyer, Chen Jiangang, who is not related to Xie's wife, told Reuters the torture accounts were genuine, adding that they had also interviewed Xie and been told the same thing.
Chen could not be reached for comment.
CoinDesk sat down with Gavin Andresen, chief scientist for the Bitcoin Foundation and lead developer for the Bitcoin open source project, to talk about the current state and future of the cryptocurrency they helped bring to the world.
CoinDesk: What is it about Bitcoin that compelled you to devote your whole professional life to it at this point?
Andresen: The idea of a decentralized money really appealed to me. I think it's great that Bitcoin lets people take back control of their money and payments. From a purely technical point of view, it's just fascinating to me that the technical problems were solved (to make Bitcoin happen). It's a really interesting project from a technical view. It's a potentially world-changing idea.
CoinDesk: Recently someone online claimed they had identified Satoshi Nakamoto (creator of the Bitcoin protocol). What do you think of that claim? Does that happen a lot?
Andresen: It happens every once in awhile. I had someone write me an email and claim to be Satoshi. It was pretty obvious that it was not Satoshi. Satoshi always signed their emails with their PGP key. I wrote back to the person saying, “Why didn't you sign your emails like you used to?” and they went away.
CoinDesk: Have you heard from Satoshi lately? Do you think he, they or they are here at Bitcoin 2013?
Andresen: Not since 2011. I do wonder that. It would be interesting if Satoshi is here. I would have no way of knowing, of course. I would like to shake theirs or them or their hands. I'm guessing that he's moved on. He's working on some other big idea.
CoinDesk: Do you have a personal financial stake in Bitcoin, and if so how much?
Andresen: I tell people, I don't have a huge stake in Bitcoin, but my salary is paid in bitcoin and I bought a few thousand bitcoins back when they were inexpensive so … there are lots of people who have more bitcoins than me.
CoinDesk: Do you have investments in any of the Bitcoin startups?
Andresen: No. My financial life is actually pretty conservative. Despite holding some bitcoin, most of my investments are in boring mutual funds. And my advice to people is always … don't invest your life savings in bitcoin unless you're wiling to lose your life savings, because it is highly volatile and risky.
CoinDesk: Past attempts to create digital currencies, like Beanz and Flooz, failed. Why should Bitcoin be different?
Andresen: The previous attempts at e-money or virtual currencies had some central point of failure. So if the company issuing the currency went out of business, the currency would be worthless. It turned out that the companies issuing the currencies did all go out of business. Smart people could see that potential and that prevented them from being successful. There was this single point of failure.
Bitcoin was the first system that got around that single point of failure.
There's no central organization that will go out of business. Bitcoin is supported by everybody who's using it. So unless everybody using Bitcoin decides to stop for some reason, Bitcoin will continue. There's no way to shut it down.
CoinDesk: Couldn't world governments force them to stop?
Andresen: It's possible that every single government in the world decides to make it illegal to transact in Bitcoin … If Bitcoin could only be used illegally, there would be a much smaller market for Bitcoin. I don't think even then it would completely go away. You might see criminals using it. But I have trouble imagining that every single government in the world will decide to try to make it illegal. It doesn't seem likely to me. I can imagine some governments deciding they don't like Bitcoin and trying to make it illegal, but i can (also) imagine some governments saying they really like Bitcoin.
CoinDesk: What do you think of the fact that CCTV in China recently ran a documentary about Bitcoin? That seems to imply government approval.
Andresen: I'm not expert on global politics, so I can only guess what governments might be thinking. But if I was the government of China and saw the dollar was the dominant world reserve currency, maybe something like Bitcoin wouldn't really scare me.
CoinDesk: How likely is it that Bitcoin really takes off?
Andresen: There's a small chance that Bitcoin will get really, really big. When I say a small chance, maybe there's a one-in-20 chance that Bitcoin will replace the dollar as the world's reserve currency in 50 years. I think there's a much better chance that Bitcoin will be a widely used currency, not rivaling the euro or the dollar, but respectable in the list of worldwide currencies.
Last year, I gave a talk, and one of my talking points was going to be that Bitcoin is smaller than any world national currency. I decided to fact-check myself and I (found) that Bitcoin was actually larger than some national currencies … We've been moving up the list, if you look at the total value of all the bitcoins in circulation versus the total value of other currencies, we're up to 20 or 40 national currencies that are smaller than Bitcoin. As Bitcoin gets bigger and we move up that list, we're on the path to Bitcoin being a serious world currency.
CoinDesk: What would success for Bitcoin look like in your view?
Andresen: The goal for Bitcoin is being a stable, commonly used currency like any other currency you find in the world.
CoinDesk: Bitcoin has the reputation of being mainly for buying drugs and guns. Is that really a major portion of the transactions?
Andresen: The first markets for Bitcoin were black markets, gray markets, where there was no other choice — that was the only currency that would work. One of the big early markets for Bitcoin is online gambling. A lot of poker sites operate where online gambling is perfectly legal, but they can't get US customers because there's no way for US customers to transfer money, because the US government has told the credit-card companies that they may not transfer money to these companies. Bitcoin is the only solution for them if they want a worldwide audience, so those were early adopters.
The benefits of Bitcoin are now being seen by mainstream places. I bought cupcakes for bitcoins (at Cups and Cakes on 9th in San Francisco). They have an iPad that's their cash register, they have a “buy with bitcoin button that they press … The whole process took 20 seconds.
We can't tell what bitcoins are being used for. (So it's impossible to know what percent of transactions are for black market goods.)
CoinDesk: Once all the bitcoins are mined, won't the miners quit running the Bitcoin ledger system?
Andresen: The miners will still do the work, because you can attach a transaction fee to every transaction, and the transaction fee goes to the miner who validates the (block of) transactions. As mining fees go down, transactions fees are going up … Transaction fees are voluntary, but if you don't include a transaction fee … you may have trouble finding a miner that will validate your transaction. (The current average is .001 of a Bitcoin.)
According to our calculations, as Bitcoin scales up, you'll have such a high volume of transactions, the tiny fees will add up to a significant amount of money and it will still be worthwhile for people to do that work.
CoinDesk: How did you feel about the US government action against Mutum Sigillum? Did it surprise you?
Andresen: I wasn't terribly surprised. The legal and regulatory situation with Bitcoin has been murky, and it's getting more clear … In the grand scheme of things, anything that makes it more clear how Bitcoin businesses can abide by the rules is in the long term a good thing.
CoinDesk: Why didn't the value of the bitcoin crash when it happened?
Andresen: It was one particular way of transferring money to Mt. Gox, which is a Japanese company. There are lots of other exchanges, and there are lots of other ways of transferring money to Mt. Gox. And, it only affected US customers, and a lot of Mt. Gox customers are not in the US. In the grand scheme, it was a small piece of the Bitcoin infrastructure. Once people realized that, you saw the price rebound almost immediately.
CoinDesk: Is there any role at all for government when it comes to regulating Bitcoin?
Andresen: I'm a little controversial in the Bitcoin world because I do think there's a role for government: Consumer protection makes sense. I think where Bitcoins are exchanged for national currencies, it certainly makes sense that whoever controls those national currencies might want to regulate that. While over-regulation doesn't make sense, there is a role for regulation.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan confirmed Binali Yildirim, a close ally for two decades and a co-founder of the ruling AK Party, as their new prime minister on Sunday, taking a big step toward the stronger presidential powers they have long sought.
Turkey's Transportation Minister Binali Yildirim, accompanied by their wife Semiha Yildirim, greets members of their party during the Extraordinary Congress of the ruling AK Party (AKP) to choose the new leader of the party, in Ankara, Turkey May 22, 2016. REUTERS/Riza Ozel/Pool
In a speech to AKP delegates who earlier elected them party leader at a special congress, Yildirim, transport minister for most of the past decade and a half, left no doubt that they would prioritize the policies closest to Erdoğan's heart.
“Erdoğan is a man of purpose, a man of the people, a tireless defender of the great Turkey,” they said. “We have said with pride, heads held high, we are comrades of Erdoğan ... Your passion is our passion, your cause our cause, your path our path.”
Yildirim's main aim, they said, was a new constitution and the creation of an executive presidency, a change Erdoğan says will bring stability to the NATO member state of 78 million, but which opponents fear will herald greater authoritarianism.
After winning the presidency in 2014 following more than a decade as prime minister, Erdoğan was legally bound to renounce ties to the AKP and remain impartial. But they have retained strong influence over both the party they founded and the government, frequently hosting cabinet meetings in their new palace.
Yildirim, 60, said constitutional change was a necessity to legitimize the existing situation, tacit acknowledgment that Erdoğan has extended the traditionally ceremonial role of the Turkish presidency.
“The most important mission we have today is to legalize the de facto situation, to bring to an end this confusion by changing the constitution,” they said. “The new constitution will be on an executive presidential system.”
Yildirim was the sole candidate for party leader at the AKP congress, called after Ahmet Davutoglu announced they were stepping down as prime minister following weeks of public tension with Erdoğan. Yildirim won all 1,405 of the valid votes.
As if proof were needed of where power in the party lies, delegates remained standing through a message from Erdoğan read out at the start of the congress. Yildirim vowed that, under their leadership, the AKP's way would be “Erdoğan's way”. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said Erdoğan was the party's one leader.
As transport minister, Yildirim was a driving force behind major infrastructure projects which were one of the pillars of the AKP's electoral successes during its first decade in power.
They have made clear they will pursue two of Erdoğan's biggest priorities - the executive presidency and the fight against militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in the largely Kurdish southeast.
“They are asking us when the anti-terror operations will end. I am announcing hereby that operations will end when all our citizens are safe,” Yildirim said in an emotional speech.
“Operations will continue without pause until the bloody-handed terrorist organization PKK ends its armed actions.”
“TRANSITION PERIOD”
Erdoğan and their supporters see an executive presidency, akin to the system in the United States or France, as a guarantee against the fractious coalition politics that hampered the government in the 1990s.
Their opponents, including some skeptics within the AKP, say they are merely furthering their own ambition.
“If they can succeed, this will be a transition period for the executive presidency,” journalist Abdulkadir Selvi, who is seen as close to AKP, told Reuters.
“The presidency issue will be on top of the agenda.”
For investors, the key point now will be the future of Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, seen as one of the remaining anchors of market confidence.
Erdoğan, who favors consumption-led growth, has repeatedly railed against high interest rates in Turkey, saying they cause inflation, a stance at odds with mainstream economics.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Without Simsek, investors fear, it will be less likely that the government will deliver on promises to liberalize the labor market, encourage savings and bring in more private investment.
Yildirim was elected as a deputy for Istanbul in November 2002 when the AKP won its first election. They were appointed transport, maritime and communications minister, a post they then almost continuously held in successive governments.
Their ties to Erdoğan date back to the 1990s when Yildirim, educated in shipbuilding and marine sciences, was in charge of a high-speed ferry company in Istanbul, where Erdoğan was mayor.
The Ramsey County sheriff's office placed two longtime correctional sergeants on administrative leave last month and requested a criminal investigation into one of them.
The investigation involves an alleged violation of the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act by Sgt. Lugene Werner. Willfully violating the act is a misdemeanor and the case has been referred to the Minneapolis city attorney's office to consider charges to avoid a conflict of interest.
The sheriff's office put Werner on paid administrative leave Jan. 6. On Jan. 9, the sheriff's office did the same with Sgt. Cory Hendrickson. Hendrickson is not the subject of a criminal investigation.
Former Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher said they believe the case stems from an email that Werner sent them about their concerns that a man in the Ramsey County jail was a potential terrorist.
Fletcher, who is the director of the Center for Somalia History Studies, said Werner contacted them because they attended one of the classes they teach about terrorism and combating radicalization. They said they believe they did not they send them private information.
Werner has worked for the sheriff's office for nearly 16 years and has no disciplinary history, said their attorney, who otherwise declined to comment. Hendrickson, a 17-year employee of the sheriff's office, also declined to comment.
Werner had forwarded the email they sent Fletcher to Hendrickson, seemingly to notify them of their concerns because they work in the detention division that makes decisions about where to house inmates.
Sgt. John Eastham, sheriff's office spokesperson, said state law prohibits the sheriff's office from commenting on any aspect of an active internal investigation.
Fletcher, who was Ramsey County sheriff for 16 years before being defeated by Matt Bostrom in 2010, said the inquiry into Werner only began because the sheriff's office apparently searched all employees' emails to see who was in contact with him.
CONNECTION TO STAFFING STUDY?
Fletcher, elected mayor of Vadnais Heights in November, said they think the investigation focusing on the two correctional sergeants began because they sent an email to a number of Ramsey County jail employees in December.
The message was about a staffing study — the Matrix Consulting Group report — the sheriff's office commissioned in 2016 for $95,000.
On Dec. 22, Fletcher said they emailed sheriff's office workers a six-page summary of recommendations from the report. They told them the report states the sheriff's office needs 41 additional full-time positions, plus more funding for extra intermittent officers.
In the email, Fletcher said they were sending the information to them as they “attempt to convince the county board how critical additional staffing is” as a new sheriff was being named.
Bostrom announced in the beginning of December they would retire. Fletcher's email came two days after the county board decided to interview only Jack Serier, then the chief deputy, to replace Bostrom as sheriff. The county board appointed Serier as sheriff Jan. 10.
Fletcher said sheriff's office employees, especially those working in the jail, thought the sheriff's administration would request additional funding for 2017 to increase staff.
Serier is due to present the staffing study to the county board in the beginning of March and they will discuss staffing needs, they told employees in a Jan. 13 email.
“They have a lot of requests for personnel and funding each year,” Serier wrote. “I want to respect the balance they have to strike with budgets and human resources across the county.”
After Fletcher emailed employees, Undersheriff Joe Paget wrote to the group and said Fletcher's email contained information from an earlier staffing study draft.
“All of you are aware we are working hard to make the case for additional staff,” Paget wrote. “We will get there, but we do not want to compromise our operations or process along the way. Due to the importance of this undertaking, I ask that you disregard the information received from Bob Fletcher.”
Fletcher then emailed Paget, Serier and others.
“It is alarming that you would want your employees to ‘disregard' the information contained in the Matrix staffing study that Ramsey County paid tens of thousands of dollars to conduct,” they wrote. “… The Matrix Consulting Group draft report that I forwarded to the detention staff was produced in July of 2016 — six months ago. There has been plenty of time to take action to implement or advocate for some of the needed staffing increases.”
Fletcher said they take an interest in the issue because he's concerned about many longtime friends who work at the sheriff's office and since they are the mayor of a city that contracts with the sheriff's office for police services.
Asked whether he's positioning themselves to run for sheriff in 2018, Fletcher said they don't have any plans to.
INQUIRY INTO CORRECTIONAL SERGEANTS
After Fletcher emailed workers, they said they soon heard the sheriff's administration was searching department emails to try to determine who initially sent them the staffing study, which they contend is public information. Serier has said the study contains security data that needs to be redacted.
Fletcher said the search didn't indicate how they obtained the study, but it turned up a message that Werner sent them about an inmate. They said Werner emailed them after the man was charged with making terroristic threats in December.
The Ramsey County attorney's office accused the man of holding a machete over their head while chasing someone in a St. Paul apartment building. The man then barricaded themselves in their own apartment, stabbed the inside of their apartment door with the machete and said in Arabic that they had the “knife of God,” according to the criminal complaint.
After their arrest, the man's girlfriend told police “he has a mental health history and that they were not taking prescribed medications,” the complaint continued.
Fletcher said the information that Werner sent them was “substantially the same information that it's in the complaint with some additional personal observations.”
It's possible that Werner thought they still had law enforcement officer status when they emailed him, Fletcher said. They would not comment on what they did with the information that Werner provided him.
The Minnesota Government Data Practices Act says corrections and detention data is private or confidential. It also says, “After any presentation to a court, any data made private or confidential by this section shall be public to the extent reflected in court records.”
Fletcher said they believe the sheriff's administration may be taking a position that Hendrickson was required to report that Werner had emailed them sensitive data.
SAN JOSE — The high-ranking city official who was escorted by security out of City Hall last week will remain on the payroll — but they have been terminated from their old role and given a huge pay cut in an unusual shake-up that grew even more mysterious Monday.
Alex Gurza, who had served as the San Jose's top labor negotiator during its contentious battles with its employee unions over pension reform and other key issues, had made $222,921 a year as a deputy city manager, one of the top appointed positions in City Hall.
On Monday, city officials disclosed that Gurza started work in a much lower position: as an entry-level analyst in the Parks, Recreation & Neighborhood Services department making $64,459 a year — a 71 percent pay cut.
Gurza said City Manager Ed Shikada relieved them of their duties Thursday but gave them no reason, and they have no idea why they were escorted out of the office by two city security officers — a rare practice for the city.
“Security escorts are normally used if there is reason to believe there is a concern related to workplace violence or other safety concerns, which is absolutely not the case in my situation,” Gurza said. On being fired from their old job, they said: “If I could summarize my reaction in one word, I think it would be ‘shock.' “
City spokesperson Lenka Wright said Monday that because it is a “personnel matter,” the city could not provide any details on why Gurza was ousted from their old position after 3½ years or why they were escorted by security. When the security escort was first reported Friday, Shikada's office would only say that Gurza was “out of the office” and that their employee relations duties had been temporarily reassigned.
Without union representation, Gurza could be axed from the deputy city manager's role for no reason. But having previously been a union-represented employee, they were automatically offered a replacement union job, though Shikada gave them the lowest possible slot, an entry-level position Gurza held when they were first hired by the city 20 years ago. Gurza said they took the replacement job for at least the time being while they ponder their future.
Their demotion appeared sudden; in an agenda released Friday, Gurza is still listed as the chief negotiator for an employee bargaining session set for Tuesday morning.
It could be the start of a long-expected shake-up at the top of City Hall. The City Council on Tuesday is set to discuss the fate of San Jose's top appointed official, and Gurza's old boss, Shikada, and he, too, may be replaced.
It's long been believed in San Jose political circles that Shikada, who took over the day-to-day operations of the city a year ago this week, has been filling the role only on a temporary basis until after the November election, when the new mayor and City Council can tap their own city manager. The city manager also appoints other department heads who could be replaced, including the chiefs of the police and fire departments.
Sam Liccardo replaces termed-out Mayor Chuck Reed on Jan. 1, and will be joined by four new council members, with a fifth coming after a special election later in the year.
Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705. Follow them at Twitter.com/RosenbergMerc.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher fatally shot their girlfriend on Saturday, then drove to Arrowhead Stadium and committed suicide in front of their coach and general manager.
Authorities did not release a possible motive for the murder-suicide, though police said that Belcher and their girlfriend, 22-year-old Kasandra M. Perkins, had been arguing recently. The two of them have an infant child.
Belcher thanked general manager Scott Pioli and coach Romeo Crennel before shooting themselves in the parking lot of the team's practice facility, police spokesperson Darin Snapp said. Police had locked it down by midmorning and reporters were confined to the street just outside the gates.
The Chiefs will play the Carolina Panthers on Sunday at Arrowhead Stadium as scheduled after discussing it with the league, Crennel and the club's captains. Crennel will coach the team.
Belcher was a 25-year-old native of West Babylon, N.Y., on Long Island, who played college ball at Maine. They signed with the Chiefs an undrafted free agent, made the team and stayed with it for four years, moving into the starting lineup. He'd played in all 11 games this season.
"The entire Chiefs family is deeply saddened by today's events, and our collective hearts are heavy with sympathy, thoughts and prayers for the families and friends affected by this unthinkable tragedy," Chiefs chairperson Clark Hunt said in a statement.
"We sincerely appreciate the expressions of sympathy and support we have received from so many in the Kansas City and NFL communities, and ask for continued prayers for the loved ones of those impacted," Hunt said. "We will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities and work to ensure that the appropriate counseling resources are available to all members of the organization."
Authorities reported receiving a call Saturday morning from a woman who said their daughter had been shot multiple times at a residence about five miles away from the Arrowhead complex. The call actually came from Belcher's mother, who referred to the victim as their daughter, leading to some initial confusion, police said.
Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher fatally shot their girlfriend early Saturday, then drove to Arrowhead Stadium and committed suicide in front of their coach and general manager, according to police. Ed Zurga/Getty Images
Police then received a phone call from the Chiefs' training facility.
"The description matched the suspect description from that other address. We kind of knew what we were dealing with," Snapp said. The player was "holding a gun to their head" as they stood in front of the front doors of the practice facility.
"And there were Pioli and Crennel and another coach or employee was standing outside and appeared to be talking to him. It appeared they were talking to the suspect," Snapp said. "The suspect began to walk in the opposite direction of the coaches and the officers and that's when they heard the gunshot. It appears they took their own life."
The coaches told police they never felt in any danger, Snapp said.
Linebackers coach Gary Gibbs was also outside when the shooting occurred, a team official told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter.
"They said the player was actually thanking them for everything they'd done for him," Snapp said. "They were just talking to them and they were thanking them and everything. That's when they walked away and shot himself."
Perkins was a cousin of Chiefs running back Jamaal Charles's wife, Whitney, who introduced Perkins to Belcher.
Snapp said Belcher's mother told police the couple had recently been arguing. A team source told ESPN that Belcher's mother had come to Kansas City last week at the request of their son because the couple was having problems and they needed help taking care of the baby.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the Chiefs and the families and friends of those who lost their lives in this terrible tragedy," the NFL said in a news release. "We have connected the Chiefs with our national team of professional counselors to support both the team and the families of those affected. We will continue to provide assistance in any way that we can."
Joe Linta, Belcher's agent who also represents Crennel, said when they first heard the news, they thought it was a prank.
"He was the last person in the world you would expect," Linta said. "Completely out of character for the guy I know. I didn't have a lot of individual contact with them but this is so out of character for him. Completely out of character. They were charitable, polite, articulate -- and something went crazy wrong."
Linta said they haven't been in touch with Crennel since the incident.
Is Alan Grayson the most loathsome member of Congress? Up against some pretty impressive competition, Grayson, who has likened fans of Glenn Beck to Klansmen and compared the state of American health care to the Holocaust, distinguished themselves last week with the release of two campaign ads that present an impressive case for theirs topping the loathsome tables. The first ad informs viewers that Grayson's opponent, Republican Daniel Webster, is a draft dodger that "doesn't love their country." Prepare to be revolted:
It is no surprise that MSNBC host Ed Schultz, who frequently accuses their ideological opponents of lacking patriotism, has praised the oafish Grayson for their “honesty.” Indeed, while appearing on the Ed Show, Rep. Grayson claimed that they were maligned by those on the right for “just telling the truth.”
The indefatigable non-partisans at Factcheck.org beg to differ. Analyzing the content of Grayson's draft-dodger attack ad, Factcheck said it's “one of the nastiest [ads] we have seen so far this year, and it's false."
But the ad's charge is disproved by the very documents that the Grayson campaign provides to support their claim. A Grayson spokesperson provided copies of Selective Service documents that were obtained under a public records request in June. They show that far from refusing to serve their country, Webster reported for a military examination as soon as they graduated from college, only to be disqualified on medical grounds.
Much more detail here.
In a follow-up ad, Grayson compares Webster to a member of the Taliban. Yeah, those are the bearded guys who once executed burqa-obscured women in Kabul soccer stadiums. Their opponent is pretty much exactly like those people. It seems to be a rather popular comparison amongst Democrats these days.
It's a tough task to end a series after seven much-loved seasons, but “Parks and Recreation” showrunner Mike Schur proved more than up to the job. They co-wrote tonight's finale, “One Last Ride,” with series star Amy Poehler and also directed the flash forward-filled episode, a love letter to both the show's crazy characters and devoted fans.
Variety spoke with Schur by phone a few hours before the finale aired on the East Coast — he's in New York for an appearance with the “Parks” crew on tonight's “Late Night with Seth Meyers.” They happily answered questions about their writing process with Poehler, which flash forwards didn't make it into the final cut, whether or not we'll ever see the Pawnee gang again, and, of course, the tantalizing tease of President Leslie Knope. They also dropped a hint about a Jean-Ralphio Easter egg. (“Parks” fans, get on that.)
I have to get the obvious question out of the way first. Exactly what year is Leslie elected President?
[laughs] Well, here's the deal. We knew we were going to be very explicit in terms of showing what happened to a lot of people. My strong feeling was there should be one thing we were intentionally ambiguous about. It's a direct line for me to “The Sopranos” finale, which I loved and was shocked that anyone didn't love. I loved the ambiguity of that finale, and even though ambiguity maybe works a little better in drama than in comedy I felt there was room for one big question mark.
Related How to Celebrate Female Friendships on Galentine's Day With Movies and TV Shows How Ad-Free Platforms Ushered in the Era of the Half-Hour Drama
We shot that and conceived it exactly as ambiguous as we wanted it to be. We didn't have (the secret service agent) direct what they said to either of them. They didn't use titles. If in fact Leslie and Ben are in the presence of some kind of official security force it's unclear which of them, or both of them, requires that. They say in 2035 or whatever it is when she's speaking and getting their honorary doctorate that an unknown challenge is awaiting them And also Ben is a member of congress. I wanted people to be able to fill in their own blanks and make up their own minds about what they think happened in the intervening years.
It's a great choice. But we all know it's Leslie, so it's totally cool.
[laughs]
You wrote the finale with Amy Poehler, what was the process like? Did you huddle in one place or trade drafts over email?
It was sort of impossible because they were shooting constantly. We had a million discussions about it and divided up scenes. They would write things and send them to me, and I would write things and send them to them It was an ongoing collaboration. The writing at the show was always extremely collaborative even when it was just within the writers room. There was a lot of writing and re-writing. It didn't feel markedly different from the usual process, we just had to work a little harder to find the time for them to do their work because she's also an actor on the show. It was a little tricky but it wouldn't have been right if they aren't a part of the writing of the last episode. It's as much their show as it is anybody's.
What was the most emotional ending to write? Did any of them make you tear up?
I can't speak for Amy but I did, yeah. I had a real hard time writing the Leslie and Ron scene where they show them what she's done for him. The simple, “Thank you,” “You're welcome” moment… It got extremely dusty in the office when I was working, I need to talk to someone about that. Like anyone else, I can't speak for Amy but I will, it's a very emotional thing to write the final words for a group of characters you've spent so much time with, thinking about and writing ideas for. It was tough — the good kind of tough, the fun kind of tough.
The Jean-Ralphio fake out with the funeral is really great. Did you want to play off the idea of, “Maybe we'll kill off one of these characters”?
We thought it was really funny to have Leslie say, “I hope you live a long happy life” and then cut to their gravestone. If the show was a little darker I guess we might have said, “Yeah, they died.” We actually had a second possible ending. They say, “We're off to run a casino in Tajikistan.” Someone pitched an idea that made me laugh so hard to smash cut from that to an unmarked grave in Tajikistan, like they moved there and what did you think would happen opening a casino in Tajikistan? But yeah Jean-Ralphio is an insane goofball and I would like to believe that they continued to be an insane goofball for a long time. In fact, I don't want to say what it is, but there's a tiny Easter egg very deeply buried in the finale that I hope someone finds someday, that gives you a clue about what happens to Jean-Ralphio.
Why was there no specific flash forward for Chris and Ann? Is it because when we see them it's already the future?
We tried. We considered it but we wanted it to be a surprise when they showed up, and when they showed up it was 2025 and everybody was having a big reunion. I think at that moment you just want to see them hang out with each other. If we had left them in 2025 and flashed forward into their lives it would've been so disorienting, like “What the hell?” It felt like the more important thing was that we get to see Ann and Leslie just casually talking about some new hair product for 18 seconds. We wanted to see Chris talk to Ben, Ann talk to April, Leslie talk to Chris. The way the structure of it worked it would've been unsatisfying once they showed up to leap through their lives.
Were there any flash forwards for other characters filmed that we didn't see?
There were two that had to be cut for time and it really killed me because they were hilarious. They're going to be on the producers cut that we're putting out, I think tomorrow (on NBC.com). There's a very brief but very funny councilman Jeremy Jamm flash forward and a Shauna Malwae-Tweep flash forward. Shauna was on the Leslie Knope beat for a very long time — and that brief scene (of Leslie and Shauna talking in the park) leads to a Shauna Malwae-Tweep flash forward that includes another character who I won't spoil. It was so funny and so great and I held onto it for as long as I possibly could in the edit room, but the reality of our time limit meant it felt like we had to give as much time as we could to the main cast who have been on the show for seven years.
Was there anyone you wanted to bring back who you weren't able to? We didn't see Lucy Lawless as Diane all season.
Lucy was the big one. We tried to get them a couple times. We poked around and they were doing a play for awhile and some other stuff and they live very far away. That was a huge bummer, the one we were most sad about. There were a couple other people here and there, but by and large it was an incredibly fortunate run that we had. (For the final season) we got Paul Rudd, Sam Elliott, Megan Mullally, Ben Schwartz and Jenny Slate, Henry Winkler, Bill Murray… One of the things I'm most proud of about the show is how many great and funny people we invited to be on the show and then just gave them the keys.
Did any of the actors have suggestions for their characters or did it all come from the writers?
They all have weighed in at some level. I had a long conversation with Aubrey (Plaza) four or five years ago about April and what they thought April's future would be. It was in part because we had a discussion that day in the writers room that maybe the series would end with April moving into Leslie's office and becoming the new Leslie. That was long before we decided to have Leslie run for office or join the National Parks Service — a million things happened between then and now. But at the time Aubrey was like, “I don't think so, I don't think that's the way it goes for her.” That was their gut instinct, despite the fact that Leslie was becoming more of a mentor to them and helping them grow and mature in a lot of ways, they said, “I just don't think public service is the way April ends their story.”
There were conversations like that over many years with a lot of different people, with Nick (Offerman), with Adam (Scott). We talked about at one point that maybe Ben would become the mayor of Pawnee. That seemed like bringing them full circle from their horrible embarrassing childhood. But we were like, “That's not right either.” Which is why they had them get right to the point where they could have been the mayor and realizing they didn't want to.
When you're with the same people playing the same characters for as long as we were, very luckily, you have a lot of discussions about the characters, where they're going and where they might end up. All of that stuff either explicitly or implicitly factored into how we wrote the finale.
I think people will be asking you this for the rest of your life, but it's because we love the show. Any chance you'll want to revisit “Parks and Recreation” in the future?
I honestly hadn't thought about it at all. I don't know why, I just hadn't. When you're writing an ending it's probably not a good idea to have one foot out the door and think, “Well, maybe this isn't the ending!” You need to appropriately, emotionally deal with the ending. But I don't know. The cast is about to disperse and dominate Hollywood for the next 25 years. It's unlikely they'll ever have time at the same moment. But I'll never say never. It's the greatest job I've ever had, and maybe ever will have. I would never say no. If the opportunity presents itself and everybody's interested, I'll be right there with my old-timey typewriter ready to bang out another episode.
Oliver Lyttelton is from an aristocratic British family and educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. Since the beginning of the European conflict, they have been serving with the Grenadier Guards.
On February 21, 1915 Oliver Lyttelton wrote home about the war.
“Things are quiet, a little shelling now and again, but not much. We lie very low when it is on, right under the bank or in a dugout. All the men have little fires in this and keep decently warm whilst they sleep, which they do in amazing positions. ‘Make way' is the commonest remark as we go along the lines, with elbows rubbing the sides. It is impossible to keep really warm, one is either hot and fuggy or else dankly cold. It is not a very active kind of cold but is quite unpleasant. I have taken a photo or two which I hope to send home by someone going on leave.
You see in front of you a greyish clay bank to about two feet above your head, to your right and left about six men before a traverse stops your view. We have, I think, established a certain kind of ascendancy over the enemy lately and any half hearted attempts they have made at attack have been repulsed without difficulty. At night the parapets are improved and men show themselves freely.
The night I was in, we completed a line of trenches gaining connection with the French (we are the extreme right of the British position) digging quite openly above ground without casualties except one engineer hit in the thigh. This, mark you, within 150 yards of the enemy on only a darkish night.
The Royal Engineers are wonderful, they put up wire about 11.30 when the moon was quite bright, bang in front of a new sap trench, without loss. Amazing. The enemy though are chary of showing themselves and if they start fire they get a hottish reply. We buried a few of their dead who had been out for about three weeks, and who lay in the line of this new trench. There are 120 more about the place but we can't get to them.
This digging is ticklish work but losses are very small generally at it. However, it's all done now in the position from which advance is considered impossible, in face of a place known as the triangle on the railway held by the Germans which is impregnable. It will have to be turned elsewhere if it is ever to fall. ”
Texans licensed to carry firearms may bring their weapons to religious services if specific conditions are met, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton noted Thursday. The official opinion also exempts religious institutions from state fees levied on private organizations which maintain security forces.
General Paxton told Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick (R) in an advisory opinion that a licensed worshiper may carry their firearm onto a religious entity's property if the institution does not provide proper notice to attendees that such items are forbidden. Unless the requirements under Sections 30.06 and 30.07 of the Penal Code are met, Texans may lawfully carry concealed or visible weapons, respectively, Paxton explains.
If a body of worship utilizes a building in a rental capacity, attendees are bound by the property owner's existing notice.
“To the extent a church operates on property other than its own, it should consult with the owner of the property to determine the extent to which it may prohibit or allow the carrying of handguns,” Paxton writes.
Separately, General Paxton agreed that churches and other religious institutions are no longer subject to licensing fees, should they wish to utilize a volunteer security force on their grounds. On September 1, 2017, Senate Bill 2065 went into effect, exempting the $400 initial fee for such arrangements and any annual renewal expenses owed to the State, reportedly running $225 thereafter. The advisory opinion notes that in order to qualify for the fee exemption, unpaid volunteers may not wear uniforms, badges, or insignia that would create the appearance they are “peace officers” or other authorities.
Both Paxton and Patrick acknowledged the weight of the matters in their writings by making references to the tragic shooting on November 5, 2017. Breitbart Texas reported at the time that Devin Patrick Kelley entered the Sutherland Springs First Baptist Church armed with a Ruger AR-15 and began to shoot worshipers at close range. Kelley would eventually kill 26 and leave dozens injured, including young children. Kelley was forced from the church grounds when a barefoot neighbor, Stephen Willeford, fired intervening shots and later engaged in a car chase with the help of an unfamiliar passing motorist. The former National Rifle Association trainer reportedly witnessed Kelley's vehicle swerve off the road after the church shooter turned their remaining weapon on himself.
Given the new law and traumatizing events in Sutherland Springs, Patrick asked on December 1 that their requests for clarity be expedited “so that churches may know what legal options they have to improve their security.”
Follow Breitbart Texas on Twitter and Facebook.
Major League Gaming (MLG), European Gaming League, Global StarCraft League (GSL) and Intel Extreme Masters aren't the only eSports games in town. IGN is expanding its pro gaming programming this year with IGN Pro League (IPL) Season 4 and Season 5 by bringing its big tournament to Sin City. IGN has entered into a two-event, non-exclusive deal with The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. IPL 4 will take place April 6-8, 2012 and IPL 5 will be held in August 2012.
With Blizzard Entertainment canceling Blizzcon 2012, IGN has entered into a partnership with Korea's Global StarCraft Team Leagues (GSTL) to hold its finals in Vegas at IPL 4. Last October, GSL held its Grand Finals in Anaheim at Blizzard's big convention. IPL 4 will be the first time the team-based GSTL final has been hosted outside of Korea, where eSports is already the largest sport with live events garnering 20,000 attendees and online events capturing over 300,000 concurrent broadcast views.
IPL 4 will be the second live eSports event from IGN Entertainment – IGN's first live tournament, IPL 3: Origins, was held last year at Caesars Atlantic City, offering a prize pool of $120,000. IPL 3 Origins drew in more than 12 million online video views. It was preceded by IPL 1 and IPL 2, which were both held online. Since its launch in April 2011, the IGN Pro League has attracted over 4 million unique viewers to its online and live tournaments. David Ting, General Manager of eSports and VP of Research & Development for IGN Entertainment, discusses the new strategic moves and explains what's in store for IPL this year and beyond in this exclusive interview.
Why did you decide to move IPL to Vegas?
Our view of picking a venue is to build a luxury experience. We want to bring that experience of luxury to not only the players, but also to the fans. Casinos are an ideal conduit for eSports. When you hold an eSports event in convention center, it's boring. At IPL 4 we'll be offering 12 to 16 hours of programming for fans, but if you want to take a break, there are plenty of options. You can play games, go to top restaurants, go sightseeing, and check out the clubs like The Marquee at The Cosmopolitan.
Will this deal with The Cosmopolitan expand beyond the two tournaments this year?
This is a two-event deal but we expect it to lead in to a multiyear partnership. We can also hold events elsewhere.
How many people are you expecting?
We're expecting 2,000 people, but we'll be set up to hold as many as 3,000 to 4,000 people should there be demand.
How has the prize money increased since IGN first launched this IPL?
IPL 1 and IPL 2 were virtual events. The first online tournament brought in 3 million video views and the second one attracted 18 million video views. IPL 3 was at Caesar's Atlantic City. IPL 4 will be our second live. The prize money has grown from $5,000 in IPL 1 to $50,000 in IPL 2 to $120,000 in IPL 3 to $140,000 for IPL 4.
How will this year's StarCraft II tournament work?
The actual event will be held over three days this year, instead of four like last year. For StarCraft II, the structure will include online qualifiers for gamers around the world to vie for one of the slots. Each winner will be flown to Vegas for the competition and is guaranteed $1,000 in prize money. It's important for us to make this a competition for gamers worldwide and allow everyone a chance to get involved.
How will the rest of the field be chosen?
There will be 32 players in the championship bracket. Similar to the World Series of Poker, in addition to the winners of the online qualifiers, there will be 8 spots open for 128 walk-ins to compete for. We've also invited Moon “MMA” Sung Won to compete in IPL 4. He's currently ranked number one in the world.
How are you working with GSL?
GSL brought the top StarCraft II players to Blizzcon and had their finals there last year. This year, GSL runs two events outside of Korea. Both will be in Vegas with us. The first event at IPL 4 will be a different format. GSTL is a team-based league with nine players per team. The competition is an all-kill format, where the winner of the match stays on and plays a member of the opposing team. It's very engaging and something that hasn't been seen in the West. You can see a lot of chemistry in this format. There's a lot of strategy involved as specialty players can take out the top players on other teams.
Who are some of the gamers fans will be able to see at IPL 4?
So far we have announced Stephano, who won IPL 3, as well as TAiLS, MarineKing, White-Ra, aLive, IdrA, MC, PuMa, NesTea, Polt, and Bomber.
What about casters?
We have TotalBiscuit, dApollo, CatzPajamas, DOA, HDStarcraft and PainUser.
How will gamers be able to watch this competition?
GSL is part of GOMTV and their production staff will help produce our event. GSTL will be going on at the same time as IPL 4. We cut a deal with Twitch.tv to stream the competitions. We're taking over the entire fourth floor of The Cosmopolitan and we'll have two big conference rooms. We'll divide it up and have both StarCraft II and League of Legends in there.
What's the format for League of Legends?
We have 16 slots for League of Legends. We're using a single elimination bracket with the best of three formats, which is more like the NBA. V8 eSports won the online qualifier and we're flying that team to Vegas to compete.
What are you hoping for with IPL 4?
Stephano was unknown and they went to Atlantic City as a dark horse and they beat 10 Koreans to capture the top spot. I hope that the magic happens again in Vegas.
How can people get tickets for IPL 4?
Tickets for IPL 4 start at $25 per person for general admission and are available at http://tickets.ign.com. VIP tickets for $175 include a limited edition commemorative IPL 4 poster created by Alvin Lee, guaranteed front row seating and an IPL T-Shirt.
What are your plans for IPL 5?
Our second Vegas event in August will incorporate IPL5 and GSL. We'll continue to do a lot of small events like South by Southwest (SXSW), where we're doing an All-Star League of Legends, StarCraft II and Street Fighter X Tekken.
What other smaller events are you exploring?
We're looking at E3, Comic-Con and also international events. Last year, Multiplay hosted the IGN Pro League Season 4 UK Qualifiers, at the November LAN event, insomnia44. We're looking at China, Taiwan, Australia and Singapore for other event partnerships for potential qualifiers from other countries this year.
What about events like Gamescom and New York Comic-Con?
We'll stay out of friction if an eSports event is already there like Gamescom and Intel. We want eSports to grow and go to new places and partner with other eSports events internationally.
After months of squabbling about whether it's acceptable to use the "F" word (fascism) it seems at long last that we have come to some kind of consensus about what to call Donald Trump's "philosophy": alt-right, also known as white nationalism. With the hiring of the former chief of Breitbart media, ground zero for the alt-right movement, as Trump' campaign chairperson, the interest in it has now gone mainstream. Hillary Clinton will be making a speech about it later today.
Alt-right white nationalism is an apt term for a campaign that has electrified white supremacists so it makes sense that most people would focus on the racial angle. According to this analysis in the Guardian, the rising right-wing ethno-nationalist movement in Europe is the progenitor of this American version, which adheres to its basic premise but brings its own special brand of deep-fried racism. Both share a belief that the white race is under siege and that "demands for diversity in the workplace which means less white males in particular forms the foundation for the movement." So it stands to reason that Trump's border wall, Muslim ban and bellicose appeals for "law and order" (along with their overt misogyny) is a clarion call to this faction.
Advertisement:
But while it's obvious that the subtle and not-so-subtle racial messaging are among the primary attractions for Trump voters, they are also responding to an economic appeal, much of which stems from the misconception that because Trump themselves is a successful business person they must know what he's doing. But as Dave Johnson of Campaign for America's Future pointed out, many of the white working class folk who believe Trump's promises to "bring back jobs" would be surprised to know what they actually mean by that:
Trump says the U.S. is not "competitive" with other countries. They have said repeatedly we need to lower American wages, taxes and regulations to the point where we can be "competitive" with Mexico and China. In other words, they are saying that business won't send jobs out of the country if we can make wages low enough here.
Their "plan" is to compete by pitting states against each other to lower wages, particularly by encouraging businesses to move to low-wage anti-union states. Once the layoffs start, workers will be willing to take big pay cuts to keep their jobs. Johnson shows how Trump believes "companies should continue this in a 'rotation' of wage cuts, state to state, until you go 'full-circle,' getting wages low enough across the entire country. Then the U.S. will be 'competitive' with China and Mexico.
So this white nationalist "populist" economic appeal is less than meets the eye. In that regard, Trump is just another "cuck-servative" (you can look it up) who thinks they can fool the rubes into making people like them even richer than they already are. But all that is subsumed in Trump's message of white grievance and American decline.
One of the most important characteristics of this faction is a strong attraction to authoritarianism. This fascinating report at Vox by Amanda Taub tracked studies which show that "more than 65 percent of people who scored the highest on the authoritarianism questions were GOP voters and more than 55 percent of surveyed Republicans scored as "high" or "very high" authoritarians."
Authoritarians, we found in our survey, tend to most fear threats that come from abroad, such as ISIS or Russia or Iran. These are threats, the researchers point out, to which people can put a face; a scary terrorist or an Iranian ayatollah
That fear is also something the American alt-right has in common with their European cousins, but I see it having a different effect here. In Europe — where the alt-right is exemplified by the U.K.'s Nigel Farage — the desire truly is for a withdrawal from external obligations and dismantling the institutions that have blurred national identity and political independence. They are afraid of mass immigration from the Middle East in the age of terrorism and the economic crisis emboldened the usual European suspects. So some observers are tempted to believe that Trump's invocation of the old isolationist slogan "America First" will likewise result in a pull-back of American global empire. But a closer look at Trump's rhetoric shows that they have a much different worldview and so do their followers.
Look at their slogan: "Make America Great Again." Implicit in those four words is the idea of America dominating the planet as it did after World War II. Of course, it still does, but in Trump's mind, America has become a weak and struggling nation hardly able to keep up with countries like Mexico. They believe other countries are laughing at us and treating us disrespectfully, which has had them seething for over 30 years. Back then it was Japan "cuckolding" America. Today it's China and Mexico, both of which they promise to sanction for failing to properly "respect" America --- with a thinly veiled violent threat backing it up. After all, trade wars have often led to shooting wars.
Advertisement:
American nationalism cannot be separated from its status as the world's only superpower. Trump promises to build up the American military to the most massive force in history (of course, it already is) so that "nobody will mess with us ever again." They don't say that America should pull back from its security guarantees, merely that it should require other nations to pay more for the protection. They don't take nuclear war off the table, one can assume for the reason that it's a cheaper, quicker way to "take care of" problems than these relatively smaller wars we've waged since the world burned in the two epic conflagrations of the 20th century. Their nationalism is all about domination not withdrawal.
And that view is shared by the American alt-right. Here's one Breitbart writer making the case:
I'd like an America that makes 7 “Fast & Furious” movies without making concessions to Ayatollah Khamenei. I'd like an America that humiliates the likes of Vladimir Putin, not vice-versa. An America that punches back eight times as hard over a tiny offense. An America that everyone might laugh at but ultimately stop attacking because it can only end poorly for them.
Trump's nationalism is absolutely about ethno-purity and there's an element of populism as well, although it's clearly a misdirection. But it's largely about wounded national pride which has been a potent motivating force on the American right for a very long time. There's a reason Trump is now playing the conservative anthem "Proud To Be An American" at their rallies. Good old fashioned jingoism is the one thing that brings the old right, the new right and the alt-right together.
Imagine a creature with a long, stem-shaped body and leaf-like projections on either side. It is attached to the ocean floor and sways gently in the ocean current. This creature most closely resembles a feathery soft coral, but it's not. In fact, it is not anything you can see in the modern ocean. It is about 600 million years old and lived during a period called the Ediacaran. This organism is called Charnia, and it's amongst a group of organisms that scientists have been puzzling over for decades: Are they animals, lichens or something else entirely?
“For paleontologists, there is no easy solution,” said Mark McMenamin, a paleobiologist at Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Mass. “I don't know anyone who's made up their mind about what they all are.” But trying to find the solution is important. Fossils with clear animal characteristics introduce an enticing question: If some Ediacarans are primitive animals, could animals be older than we previously thought?
Before now, the Cambrian fossils have been considered the oldest complex animals at about 540 million years old, but the classification of some of the Ediacaran as animals could push back the oldest animals on record about a hundred million years, which could mean that animal evolution began much earlier than we previously thought.
During the Ediacaran, the ocean was a very different place than what we can see today, snorkeling around in places like the Gulf of Mexico. A dense mat of microbes covered the entire ocean floor. There were no coral reefs and swimming fish. Instead Charnia stalks swayed with the ocean current, an early animal called a Kimbrellas shuffled along the ocean floor and round little discoid creatures, Dickinsonia and Yorgia, peppered the floor in clumps.
Dickinsonia, one of the small, circular, ridged fossils, does not resemble any living animal at all. “Dickinsonia is the poster child for the controversy,” said McMenamin. They explained that there is little agreement among researchers about how to classify individual fossils from the Ediacaran. “It seems that with each fossil you can support an animal or non-animal hypothesis,” they said. “None are noncontroversial.”
The Ediacaran is dated between 635 and 540 million years ago. It preceded the Cambrian period, about 540 to 485 million years ago, which marked the beginning of one of the biggest explosions of life in the history of Earth. For a long time, scientists thought the Cambrian period was when multicellular life first ran rampant. It is when most of the known kinds of animals that scientists recognize today first appeared on the scene. Yet late in the 20th century, researchers discovered fossil evidence of multicellular organisms in the Ediacaran as well, pushing back their first appearance almost 100 million years.
Unlike the creatures of the Cambrian, whose descendants still walk the land and swim the seas, not all Ediacaran species resemble life forms found on the planet today. These organisms have long puzzled scientists because they can be interpreted in so many different ways. Where one scientist sees an ancient sponge, another scientist might see a very primitive animal form, and another scientist might see an alga.
Marc Laflamme, a paleobiologist from the University of Toronto in Canada, said that the classification of these fossils has been constantly evolving and is always controversial. “For the most part, early work considered [these fossils] animals in one way shape or form,” they said; however, they were very primitive animals like jellyfish and sponges. Laflamme added that some researchers thought they might not be animals at all, but another type of organism entirely, called Vendobionta.
Adolf “Dolf” Seilacher, a retired paleobiologist, initially proposed the classification Vendobionta back in the early 1990s. Dolf considered these organisms an early evolutionary experiment that took place at the same time as the evolution of early animals and perhaps even competed with them. “Dolf correctly observed that most Ediacaran fossils lack features that would support interpretations as early jellyfish,” said Andrew Knoll, an Earth scientist from Harvard University in Cambridge, Mass. “[He] argued instead that Ediacarans could be an extinct experiment in complex multicellularity.”
Some Ediacaran fossils appear somewhat similar to modern organisms. For example, Charnia resembles the modern sea pen, a feathery soft coral. But only a few of these ancient fossils clearly resemble something in today's ocean.
Kimbrella, a ridged, teardrop-shaped fossil, doesn't resemble anything living today. However, most scientists interpret it as having a strong bilateral symmetry — divisible into two symmetrical halves — which is a characteristic that all animals are noted to possess. Another fossil, Yorgia — a round, ridged fossil — is also seen as having strong bilateral symmetry, and some scientists think it also has a small head.
One reason that these fossils are so difficult to classify is that it's not clear how well they were preserved. “The main question regarding the Ediacaran fossils is whether they represent whole bodies of organisms or just their parts most resistant to decay,” said Jerzy Dzik, paleobiologist at the Polish Academy of Science's Paleobiology Institute in Warsaw, Poland. Dzik said that some of the fossils, most notably some of the Dickinsonia fossils — which left ridged, circular imprints — do show impressions of internal organs, but not all of them do.
Ediacaran fossils are most often preserved in sandstone, which is atypical. Usually, fossils of soft-bodied organisms are best preserved in shale,which provides much better preservation. However, the sandstone from the Ediacaran seems to have undergone lithification — a transformation into natural cement — that allowed the sandstone to preserve life in a way that it isn't normally able to do.
In addition to the question of preservation, there is some debate about the origins of the sediment in the sandstone — particularly the beds found in southern Australia. The sandstone beds show an unusual red coloring that Gregory Retallack, paleobiologist at the University of Oregon in Eugene, indicated might be terrestrial rather than marine. “Iron minerals rust as they are weathered into red pigmenting minerals,” they said. “In marine sediments, oxygen is limited, so iron remains gray-green.” It is for this reason that Retallack believes that Dickinsonia might have been lichen rather than an animal. However, Retallack is apparently the only one who believes this theory at present. McMenamin said that Rettallack's conclusion that the sandstone formed from terrestrial sediment doesn't fit with the high oxygen levels in the ocean at the time, which might have also created red coloring.
The paleobiology community now believes that Ediacaran organisms are a mixture of animals and Vendobionta. The real problem is deciding how to classify which is which. In a recent paper in Gondwana Research, an international geology journal, Laflamme proposed that one way to classify these organisms is by grouping them into smaller categories. ­­“The community needs to stop viewing them as one entity,” they said. In the past, researchers have lumped the Ediacaran biota together, which Laflamme explained is an ineffective way to study them if they are only distantly related to one another.
Scientists are slowly unraveling the secrets of Ediacaran organisms, and once they do, we may finally know how some of these creatures once lived. “I don't think that it is a clade — group — of organisms that we would call the Ediacarans,” said Knoll. Instead they suggest that Ediacaran fossils should be viewed as a window into the past. The more we investigate the evidence left from the window the more we might know about all of these different organisms. Perhaps one day we might know more about how Charnia actually spent its days — as a primitive animal or an extinct Vendobionta.
Increasing Voter Turnout: It's Tougher Than You Think In this 15-part series, election experts from government, academia, and the private and nonprofit sectors will weigh in on important questions, including: What can the social sector do to improve voter turnout in the United States? FOLLOW THIS SERIES SIGN UP You'll get email alerts when there is new content in this series.
Pro-democracy reformers, activists, and funders in the United States tend to focus on increasing voter turnout by decreasing the barriers to voter registration and casting a ballot. But in doing so, they're missing something important: the broken two-party system. In the market economy consumers have a plethora of choices for virtually every good and service. How, then, when it comes to US general elections, can one expect the American voter to be excited with two choices at best—or, as in most Congressional and many state legislative races, no meaningful choice at all?
Reducing barriers to voting is a good idea, but what's really needed is a shift to a multi-party system through proportional representation; many comparative studies suggest that such a shift would lead to an increase in voter turnout of between 9 and 12 percent.
Young People Want More Choices
As a generation, Millennials are more ethnically diverse, hold more progressive views on social issues, and are more likely to favor a strong role for government than previous cohorts. How does this translate into affiliating with political parties? A poll conducted by the Pew Research Center in early 2014, found that about half of Millennials did not identify with either the Democratic or Republican political party, an increase from 38 percent in 2004. Further, only 31 percent of Millennials saw big differences between the two parties, compared to 43 percent of all respondents in the same survey.
These data suggest a desire for alternative choices. In a NBC News/Survey Monkey poll of Democratic voters released in mid-October, 2015, 54 percent of young people backed socialist Bernie Sanders compared to just 26 percent for Hillary Clinton. Under a proportional representation system, many of these young people might gravitate towards a Social Democratic, Green, or Working Families Party. Without any significant change to the US electoral system, we should expect continued political disaffection by young people, barring the exceptional presidential candidate who is able to inspire and mobilize.
Strategic Voting, the Spoiler Effect, and the GOP Civil War
“But we have lots of political parties.” That's what one Democratic Party activist told me in a recent conversation about the merits of a multi-party system. They were technically correct; however, the US electoral system, often called “first past the post” or “winner-take-all” system, inherited from British colonialism, is set up to give just two parties any meaningful chance to win elections and govern. In the United States, voters who favor a non-major party candidate must decide between casting a strategic vote for the “lesser of two evils” or casting a vote for their first choice, which could perversely help their least favored candidate to win. (Meanwhile, the vast majority of democracies in other countries have adopted true multi-party systems, mostly as a way for elections to truly reflect the views of voters.)
Consider how current non-major parties have fared in recent US elections. On the left, the Working Families Party arguably has the most momentum. Launched in 1998 by a coalition of labor unions, community-based organizations, and remnants of the New Party, the Working Families Party is electorally active in a handful of states. In New York, where fusion voting allows two or more political parties on a ballot to list the same candidate, the party has been able to claim victories of endorsed candidates including Governor Andrew Cuomo and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. However, only one candidate, Edwin Gomes, has ever been able to win election solely as the nominee of the Working Families Party; the race was for State Senate in Connecticut, and Gomes had formerly represented the same district as a Democrat.
Without a change to the electoral system, the Working Families Party will struggle to win a single seat in any legislative chamber—that's a far cry from being able to channel energy from protest movements such as Occupy Wall Street into electoral power.
On the right, there's the very different dynamic of the Tea Party. Since the 2008 elections, Tea Party candidates do not run under the party label. Instead, they typically challenge establishment Republicans by offering what they tout as a more ideologically pure alternative. Successful Tea Party house candidates have formed the Freedom Caucus, which generally blocks the Republican Caucus from compromising with Democrats. Under a multi-party system, the Tea Party could function as a separate party, distinct from the pro-business, pro-immigration Republican Party of previous generations. That structure would not necessarily increase voter turnout among conservatives, but it could very well result in a more functional Congress where compromise is not taboo.
Increasing Competition and Enhancing Voting Rights
The lack of competitive races is a sad hallmark of the US electoral system. In most states, the decennial process of redistricting results is effectively an incumbency protection plan. Races, at least in the general election, are largely pro forma. I've voted in four states since first registering in 1991. I can recall voting in only one Congressional election where the incumbent didn't win in a landslide.
Elections in a multi-party system are structurally more competitive. With single member districts in a two-party race (districts that elect one representative to office), a candidate needs 50 percent plus one vote to win a seat. In three-member districts (which were used to elect the Illinois State Assembly for more than 100 years, until 1980), the threshold for winning one of three seats can be 30 percent or even less. A shift to multi-member districts (where more than one person is elected to office) could make virtually every district competitive, forcing all candidates to campaign aggressively and encourage voters to participate.
What's more, the increase in competitiveness would not come at the expense of voting rights. Since voters who support Democratic congressional and state legislative candidates are more concentrated in urban areas, more competitive races would mean splitting up these communities and combining them with predominantly Republican suburbs. Given that these urban communities are disproportionately composed of people of color, such a change could have a detrimental impact on minority voting rights—a difficult tradeoff. A multi-member district system could resolve the tension by offering meaningful competition but also providing a method for communities of color to elect someone of their choice. In fact, for Asian Americans, who do not have the same history of racial segregation as African Americans, a multi-member district system offers an opportunity to more easily elect their preferred candidate.
Modernizing our system of election administration is critical to removing barriers to participation and instilling confidence that each vote will be counted. But if voters do not have meaningful choices at the ballot box, why should they bother to show up?
TIME magazine has published an interview with Shigeru Miyamoto earlier than they should have. The interview reveals that Miyamoto is working on three Wii U titles including the mighty Star Fox. Here's what Mr Miyamoto has been working on.
In one of the games, which Miyamoto called Project Giant Robot, players control sky-scraping automatons, angling the Wii U GamePad in front of a TV screen while shifting their torsos left and right or up and down to maneuver the robot's upper-body while thumbing the controller's joysticks to punch or grab — almost like a full-body game of Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots. The GamePad shows you what the robot sees, while the TV screen offers a zoomed-back view, letting onlookers — as well as you — admire your tromping, pummeling handiwork.
In another, titled Project Guard, the GamePad became a quick-jump map of a fortress manned by numbered, laser-firing security cameras. As robots encroach on different entry points, you have to tap the GamePad to leap from camera to camera, blasting enemies that trundle or come at you sprinting — even some that sneak under your radar. All the while, onlookers can shout out the numbers that correspond to robot-threatened camera feeds, turning your defense operations into a frenetic, heart-racing, tap-and-fire scramble.
A game Nintendo fans have been waiting for a very long time to see: Star Fox is back, only reimagined on the Wii U using Miyamoto's new GamePad-based controls — controls that'll ask of players things they've never had to do before in a video game. Whether they'll come willing or balk remains to be seen, but Miyamoto is convinced he's on to a control scheme that's not only novel, but with practice, indispensable.
Bay Bridge's new problem: leaks Water seeping under roadbed could cause corrosion, experts say
Caltrans officials check for water leakage along the steel safety barrier on the SAS bridge deck of the new eastern Bay Bridge span in San Francisco, Calif. on Thursday, Feb. 6, 2014. Engineers are monitoring areas where small amounts of water is seeping into the structure, a situation which is not uncommon, according to spokesperson Andrew Gordon. less Caltrans officials check for water leakage along the steel safety barrier on the SAS bridge deck of the new eastern Bay Bridge span in San Francisco, Calif. on Thursday, Feb. 6, 2014. Engineers are monitoring ... more Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Bay Bridge's new problem: leaks 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
The just-opened eastern span of the Bay Bridge, already beset by questions about flawed welds and cracked steel rods, has a new problem: It leaks.
Rainwater is dripping into the steel structure beneath the road deck on the suspension stretch of the span, which is supposed to be watertight, Caltrans said. Outside experts say that could pose a risk of corrosion on a bridge that cost $6.4 billion and is supposed to last well into the 22nd century.
"That's a problem, a big problem," said Lisa Thomas, a metallurgical engineer who studies material failure at a laboratory in Berkeley and analyzed bridge rods that snapped last year. "They want it to last 150 years, but with water coming in, something is going to corrode until it's too thin and weak."
Caltrans says it has not found all the spots where water is getting into the cavernous steel structure. "You don't want any water inside," said Andrew Gordon, bridge spokesperson. "So far, it's slowly dripping, but we are going to have teams of engineers and inspectors there this weekend to assess the problem."
At this point, Caltrans says, the problem looks manageable.
"Everything needs maintenance," said Bill Casey, the agency's resident engineer for the bridge project. "No bolting system will ever prevent water from coming in."
The leaks are happening on the self-anchored suspension portion of the bridge - the 0.3-mile section with two main cables that drape atop the bridge's landmark single tower.
Evolving plan
Unlike the rest of the bridge, which has concrete road barriers, the guardrails on the suspension part of the bridge are made of steel to save weight - but they are proving to be problematic.
When it drew up plans for the project in 2001, bridge designer T.Y. Lin International specified that the 2 1/2-foot-tall guardrails be bolted down through holes drilled in the underlying steel structure that supports the roadway.
The design called for a continuous line of caulk between the bottom of the guardrails and the steel structure. That way, water would not make its way through the boltholes and into the hollow structure below.
But that posed a problem for the bridge's main contractor, a joint venture called American Bridge/Fluor: Once the barrier was placed onto a line of caulk, minor changes in its placement would be impossible.
"When you put the barrier down and there's caulk, you can't adjust it," Casey said, because that would break the seal.
Last year, Caltrans changed the plans, saying it was the "contractor's option" to apply the caulk outside the guardrails after setting them in place - much like a homeowner might lay down a bead of caulk where a bathtub meets a tiled wall.
Then construction crews applied waterproof epoxy coating over that bead of caulk. The 2-inch-thick concrete roadbed was put down next, which was supposed to add another layer of protection from water.
However, the caulking may not be watertight. The bridge opened in September, and within three months, it was clear that water was getting into the steel deck cavern when it rains, Casey said.
Shakeout period
Exactly where the water is leaking is unclear. It could be at holes in the caulk, Caltrans says, but it could also be coming through holes used to install electrical conduits near the guardrails. Casey said Caltrans needed a "monsoon" to send enough water pouring off the roadway to determine whether the caulking or something else is to blame - and until this weekend, such large storms have been lacking.
Casey said they doubt the caulking is the culprit, pointing out that rainwater would have to get past three levels of protection - the caulk, the epoxy coating and the roadbed.
"If you do it right, it should bond just fine," Casey said. "You would need all three systems to fail to get the water in there. I just don't see it."
They said the problem is expected to be resolved over the first five years of the span, known as a shakeout period. But in general, they said, the caulking will always need maintenance. "You do the best you can, but water will always find its way in," Casey said.
Corrosion expert Russ Kane of Houston isn't so sure Caltrans took the right approach. Kane has studied corrosion failures and prevention methods in the U.S. and worldwide, assessing the risks to the military, the petroleum industry and chemical manufacturers.
They likened Caltrans' choice during bridge construction to the options a plumber has when installing a faucet.
"With a sink faucet, to make a good seal that will last a fairly long time you put material down between two surfaces and you clamp it together," Kane said. "With a bead on the outside, there is nothing there physically to hold the caulk in place."
They do not share Caltrans' sanguine attitude toward the leaks.
"It's a bad situation," Kane said, because water naturally corrodes steel, and repeated dousings accelerate corrosion.
Tough problem to fix
Repairing the steel would not be easy. The metal is part of giant, hexagonal boxes welded together to serve as the bridge's backbone. Casey said the steel is primed, which should afford some level of protection. But experts said water and steel should never mix, because there is always a chance that pockets of corrosion can form that engineers don't see.
"People don't realize it takes three times more to fix something later rather than do it right for the first time," Kane said. "This is such a typical corrosion problem. People think they are saving a little money on the front end, but it ends up eating their lunch down the road."
Possible solution
One solution, they said, was contained in T.Y. Lin International's original plans for the barrier. Drawings show a channel between the concrete roadway and the steel guardrails that would have been lined with clay-filled asphalt.
"It is pretty effective, because the hot material (as the asphalt is poured) flows into all the nooks and crannies," Kane said. "It's similar to what they do on roofs - the stuff is sticky as all get-out and waterproof."
Casey said they did not know why Caltrans had abandoned that plan. T.Y. Lin International officials declined to comment for this story.
The leaks add to Caltrans' list of problems with the bridge, the first of which emerged last year when 32 steel rods that were supposed to hold seismic-stability structures in place snapped when they were tightened.
Those fasteners, like more than 2,000 other steel rods and bolts on the eastern span, had been made harder than Caltrans' standards normally allowed on bridges. The harder the metal, the more prone it is to being invaded by hydrogen and cracking, and hydrogen is present in abundance in a marine environment such as the bay.
Tests on bolts
Caltrans has been conducting tests for months to determine whether the steel fasteners are at an increased risk of failure.
Last month, a report commissioned for the Legislature said Caltrans had accepted hundreds of possibly defective welds on the bridge. Caltrans said the welds had been fixed and that the span is safe.
The leaks at the guardrails are not the first time Caltrans has discovered water on the span where it should not be puddling. In 2011, engineers discovered pools of water inside the supposedly watertight steel deck panels on the bicycle and pedestrian path on the south side of the span.
A recent Caltrans study downplayed the possibility of significant corrosion there, but recommended that the panels be drained, the water sampled for danger signs and the steel regularly checked for damage.
Kane said the study's authors may have downplayed the corrosion risk without the evidence to back that up.
"They didn't show the corrosion was not significant - but there is just no data there to support that," Kane said. "They make a statement, but they don't give enough for an independent assessment."
Caltrans says the water was drained from the bike path before the span opened in September. Officials said it is likely that much of the water got in during construction when the panels were left out and not properly protected from the elements.
'A huge blunder'
Thomas, the metallurgical engineer who has analyzed the bridge rods, said the waterlogged bike path deck panels and leaks in the steel deck superstructure show that the bridge builders didn't do enough to safeguard the span.
"Letting water get into those compartments is a huge blunder," they said. "Continual water intrusion means continual corrosion."
MAUN, Botswana—When the rains finally come to this corner of southern Africa, the land is transformed. Dry rivers flow again. Boreholes fill. Springs seep to the green surface.
Water is life, and elephants know how to find it. They can hear thunderstorms 150 miles away and their migrations are so attuned to the rain, their annual return is synonymous in some African cultures with the start of the rainy season.
Here in Botswana, the famed Okavango Delta is home to the world's largest population of elephants. It's gateway is Maun, a small and dusty town built upon wildlife tourism.
But you won't hear the crack of large-gauge rifles here—so-called “elephant guns”—except in target practice by the wildlife rangers who carry them for safety.
That's because, four years ago, the government banned hunting entirely.
In November, President Donald Trump's administration initially announced the suspension of a previous ban on importing elephant trophies into the United States from two African nations. According to the landmark Great Elephant Census, there are now only 350,000 African savanna elephants left in the wild—down 30 percent in seven years. Populations have declined in both Zimbabwe and Zambia over that period. Meanwhile, Zimbabwe is in the midst of a crisis of governance, making this announcement particularly hard to understand.
The move was roundly criticized, and the president soon tweeted a reversal putting the suspension on hold, saying they needed more information.
Of any place on Earth, this town may have the answers they are looking for.
The economics of trophy hunting have long been questionable. An elephant in the wild is estimated to be worth as much as $1.6 million in tourism revenue over its lifetime. Compare that with $21,000 for a dead animal's tusks or a few hundred thousand dollars for the most expensive permitted hunts.
A report commissioned by Humane Society International found that trophy hunting accounts for less than 1 percent of total tourism revenue for eight African countries, and numerous reports have suggested that even this small slice never makes it to the communities meant to benefit.
But how does this actually look on the ground?
These economics have panned out for Botswana, southern Africa's most prosperous country. Tourism—most of it centered on the country's worldclass wildlife—accounts for $1.6 billion in total economic impact, which is about 10 percent of the country's economy. That figure has grown, even as shutterclicks have replaced bullets as the only legal method for shooting an elephant.
Botswana's move has coincided with a continent-leading crackdown on poaching and illegal wildlife trade—a shadowy economy worth many billions of dollars and linked to transboundary criminal syndicates and terror networks such as al Shabaab and the Lord's Resistance Army.
Botswana's president, Ian Khama, has personally led their country's commitment to wildlife—in contrast to some of their neighbors—in taking a stand against hunting and ivory sales.
The action has had a measurable impact on wildlife. A comprehensive study has shown that elephant populations have in fact fled to Botswana from neighboring countries with higher poaching—suggesting that elephants can sense where they are under threat.
President Trump would do well to look to the example of Botswana. President Khama has helped lead a coalition of 15 African nations—known as the Elephant Protection Initiative—committed to closing their ivory markets and eliminating or placing their ivory stockpiles out of commercial use. It is an African stand for Africa's elephants.
Meanwhile, China and the United Kingdom—two of the world's largest ivory importers—have announced plans to close their markets. The United States has also been a leader, shutting down its domestic market for ivory and supporting the work of other countries in doing so. Last year, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), an international regulatory body, recommended that all ivory markets shutter.
This international movement is encouraging, but it is fragile. As recently as 2008, CITES approved the sale of many tons of ivory from African nations to customers in Asia—ivory that ended up serving as a front for a massive expansion of the illegal market, according to experts.
In some situations, hunting can provide valuable income for conservation when it is well governed. But keeping the ban on elephant trophy imports into the U.S. is about more than that. It is about the credibility of the United States to lead. If we allow an American hunter to import a trophy, how do we ask a Chinese ivory carver to forsake their craft or an antique dealer to shelve them inventory?
That is the real cost of an elephant shot by an American hunter: the erosion of our moral authority and the dangerous signal it sends to the world.
At this crucial moment in time, when the world is finally a hair's breadth away from ending the trade in ivory, the Trump administration can set this right. And together, we can stop the scourge of poaching, as well as the use of ivory as fuel for criminal gangs and terror networks.
Only then can elephants be free to follow the rains.
A while back Wizards of the Coast published an article by Monte Cook discussing elements of older editions of D&D that could/should make the transition into D&D Next. A poll accompanied the article with a few options that raised eyebrows for varying reasons but the big one was Ability Score restrictions based on gender.
Holy shit. Really?
Gender/race restrictions existed in older editions of the game but it was a completely different time. I'm not saying there was ever a good time for such things but I think you get my meaning. Social and gender perceptions for the time, etc. The option created a massive storm of online discussion, arguments, and hurt feelings resulting in WotC altering the poll with apologies for the oversight as from their stance the option never should have existed in the poll to begin with.
I agree with this move for a number of reasons but I'll limit my thoughts to one: I play games to have fun, not engage in political or deep social discussions. There is a time and place for that but time spent playing games are meant to be an escape. The possibility of including such gender restrictions (which they did not, thankfully) only serves to drag drama to the table and alienate half of the gaming community, which most folks do not need help with, honestly.
Lady gamers face many unenviable factors in gaming situations (pig-headed assholes, condescending attitudes, half-naked-chainmail-bikini-clad imagery). It is not something I would want to face day in/day out and while I would never presume to know or walk in their shoes, I have to hope that some companies are moving towards the side of the least offense. With so many big-boobed barbarian queens and leather bikini rogues running around, it makes me giddy to stumble across a piece of art for a campaign setting or adventure where the ladies are depicted in full armor, doing what heroes do. I know I am not the only one and I hope the trend turns this way more often.
I'm glad WotC clarified their position on this. I'm sure somewhere, someone is still festering over it but you know what? You can't make everyone happy. Hell, I'm willing to bet people are pissed they removed the option from the poll.
Brian
Jimmy Kimmel is hosting the 64th Annual Emmy Awards! The late-night talk show host will don their finest penguin suit and preside over TV's biggest night on Sept. 23 at L.A.'s Nokia Theater.
Let's put them up against the last six hosts in our Emmys Fantasy League and see who comes out on top:
63rd Annual Emmys: Jane Lynch vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Jimmy
62nd Annual Emmys: Jimmy Fallon vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Fallon
61st Annual Emmys: Neil Patrick Harris vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Draw
60th Annual Emmys: Tom Bergeron, Heidi Klum, Howie Mandel, Jeff Probst and Ryan Seacrest vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Jimmy
59th Annual Emmys: Ryan Seacrest vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Jimmy
58th Annual Emmys: Conan O'Brien vs. Jimmy K.
Winner: Conan
But how do you feel about this development?
Commenter JT_Kirk, who is very opinionated about comedy (and we love them for it), recently outlined their general problem with Kimmel:
Ugh, what is it about Jimmy Kimmel where they have funny ideas and then entirely botches the execution? That drives me crazy, and their faux-Leno "honest everyman comedian" presentation makes it all the more frustrating.
Interesting theory, JT! It got me thinking about that series of “Hottie Body” exercise video parodies Kimmel did last year, which got a bunch of hot, A-list Hollywood actores to hump an inflated ball. It just wasn't very funny. At the time, I asked a few smart, funny, women bloggers I knew to offer their opinion, and most of them even thought it was sexist.
But some of the guy's bits work really well. For example, their holiday challenge pranks, in which they ask their audience to pretend to eat their kids' Halloween candy, or pretend that they've bought their kids a terrible gift for Christmas, and then videotape their kids' reactions.
It's cruel, but hilarious.
Bottom line, I think Kimmel is a great choice. What do you think?
(Caps Outsider)
The Capitals have lost winger Andre Burakovsky for the next 6-8 weeks after they had surgery to repair a fractured left thumb. Burakovsky missed 15 games last year with a broken right hand.
Burakovsky started the season on the top line along Nicklas Backstrom and TJ Oshie. After they started the season slow, head coach Barry Trotz moved them down to the third line with Lars Eller and Brett Connolly, where they played for the majority of last year. This move seemed to spark Burakovsky as they scored in the first game with that line against Detroit.
Burakovsky was a restricted free agent over the summer and the Caps gave them a two year, $3 million per year, contract extension, expecting them to help makeup some of the offensive production the Caps lost in the off season.
As for the Caps moving forward, the team called up Chandler Stephenson, who had a hat trick for Hershey over the weekend. This is what the forward lines looked like this morning as the Caps prepare to go on their western Canada road trip.
Andre Burakovsky also missed the dog calendar photo shoot.
Justice Minister Peter MacKay has called Bill C-13, the anti-cyberbullying legislation they introduced last week, a key tool in "ensuring that our children are safe from online predators and from online exploitation.”
Although child psychologists and youth activists support increased attention to this issue, they say C-13 is unlikely to stop cyberbullying.
They feel the bill follows a narrow definition of cyberbullying and doesn't address the underlying misogyny and homophobia that inspires so much online teasing.
“I would hate for the public to be misled into thinking that this is what will deal with cyberbullying, because I think it's [only] a partial approach,” says Jane Bailey, a law professor at the University of Ottawa.
I would hate for the public to be misled into thinking that this is what will deal with cyberbullying - Jane Bailey, law professor, University of Ottawa
Bill C-13, also known as the Protecting Canadians from Online Crime Act, is largely seen as a legislative response to the deaths of Canadian teens such as Rehtaeh Parsons and Amanda Todd, who endured years of torment online.
Under C-13, anyone who posts or distributes an “intimate image” of another person without their consent would face up to five years in prison.
According to the wording of the bill, an "intimate image" is one that "depicts a person engaged in explicit sexual activity or that depicts a sexual organ, anal region or breast."
Shifting definitions of cyberbullying
The legislation would give police enhanced powers to investigate incidents, including the ability to seize — with a court order — computers, phones and other devices used in an alleged offence.
The bill would also give law enforcement easier access to metadata, the coded information contained in every phone call or email, which has raised concerns among civil liberties groups that C-13 is giving police greater surveillance powers.
Andrea Slane, a law professor at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology, says these new measures will help police investigate “reports of a person extorting a young person for sexual images or threatening to expose them.”
The perpetrators of these sorts of offences usually do so anonymously, but Slane says this type of behaviour doesn't really describe cyberbullying, which is more about taunting than coercion, and is very much in the open online.
“When it comes to the social fallout that Amanda Todd and Rehtaeh Parsons suffered from their peers, most of the time, they knew who those people were,” says Slane.
'Environment of vulnerability'
Bailey says C-13 would be more effective if the government had sought greater input from youngsters themselves.
They say that in its fact-gathering stage, the standing Senate committee on human rights “actually brought in kids to talk to them about what they thought was needed to protect them [online].”
The death of Halifax teen Rehtaeh Parsons, seen here with their mother, Leah, was one of the things that prompted the government to table anti-cyberbullying legislation.
The bottom line, Bailey says, is that the people most affected by the problem of cyberbullying need to inform the solution.
“We really need to consult the kids more often,” they say.
According to the Department of Justice, the measures in Bill C-13 were based on the findings of the Cybercrime Working Group. The ministry has not specified what individuals or organizations make up this group.
The legislation was also partially informed by a Senate standing committee report on human rights released late last year.
Entitled Cyberbullying Hurts: Respect for Rights on the Digital Age, the report called on Canada to meet its obligations under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, which means taking steps to protect young people from all forms of physical and mental violence.
Understanding teens
The problem with the bill, says Bailey, is that it focuses on criminal and punitive measures instead of the attitudes and actions of cyberbullies themselves.
“We need to have proactive strategies that get at the underlying prejudices that contribute to an environment of vulnerability” to bullying, says Bailey.
Shaheen Shariff, a law professor at McGill University and director of the cyberbullying research project Define the Line, says that legislators also need to have a better understanding of how people, and especially teenagers, view and use social media sites such as Facebook.
As well, they say that not all sexually suggestive images are posted without consent or with malicious intent. Shariff says there also needs to be an acknowledgement that sexually provocative language that can seem derogatory and hurtful is often used affectionately between friends, or in hopes of gaining admiration from peers.
“A lot of time [young people] are just going to be part of a peer group and entertain each other and test the social boundaries and their sexuality,” says Shariff.
Legislators need to have “a better understanding of how young people are thinking these days,” says Shariff. “This has become simply part of their communication, especially when they're teenagers.”
Margarita Vejo, who refers to themselves as a "devout Christian," is suing for civil rights violations after they were fired from their internship at a public high school in Portland, Oregon, after asking questions about a curriculum they thought placed too much emphasis on LGBT acceptance. A schedule for the case, which accuses both their school and college of discrimination, is pending.
Meanwhile in a nearby suburb, a case gained national attention when Sweet Cakes by Melissa, a bakery owned by Aaron and Melissa Klein, turned away away a lesbian couple that wanted a wedding cake. That case, in which the state fined the couple $150,000, will have its next hearing in March 2015.
Both cases share the increasingly contentious battleground of religious freedom. Social conservatives and religious groups around the U.S. say they are bearing the brunt of unconstitutional discrimination for publicly expressing their religious views. Also in common between the cases: They share the same lawyer.
Herbert Grey promotes themselves as a "Christian Attorney" in their listing on Neighborhood Christian Lawyer, an online network of attorneys who "apply the Bible's teachings in our legal practice." They contend that if LGBT people can enjoy legal defenses against discrimination, so too should Christians who face retaliation for expressing their views. But Grey faces opponents who counter that anti-discrimination laws prohibit unequal treatment based on sexual identity in places of public accommodation, such as schools and businesses.
As conservatives have lost a cascade of critical legal rulings and ballot measures that legalized same-sex marriages — and a Gallup poll in May showed 55% of Americans now favor marriage equality — religious freedom defenses have become a new political line in the sand. Just 10 years ago, same-sex marriage bans were a winning issue.
"Tolerance is not a one-way ratchet," said Grey, who spoke to BuzzFeed News over the phone.
"My position is that it is not OK to favor one protected class and not another protected class," said Grey, referring to First Amendment protections for free speech and religious expression. In representing Christian clients, they said, "I bring my faith to work with me."
In 2004, Grey wrote a voter's guide statement backing a successful ballot measure to ban same-sex marriage. They won a federal court case two years later on behalf of a preacher who sought to extol the scriptures inside public events; the preacher previously was ejected from two gay pride festivals and an AIDS walk. In 2008, Grey filed a lawsuit designed to stymie a statewide civil union bill passed by the legislature (the bill became law anyhow). And the conservative group Alliance Defending Freedom awarded Grey in 2009 for their pro bono legal services for religious freedom causes and the asupervisorstioned lawsuit against the civil union bill.
Nevertheless, despite opposition from socially conservative groups and pastors, Oregon passed an anti-discrimination law for LGBT people in 2007. This year, a U.S. District Court judge struck down the Oregon same-sex marriage ban Grey supported a decade before.
Grey is hardly a lone ranger. A religious freedom rally in Dallas on Nov. 2 featured a star-studded lineup that included Mike Huckabee and Todd Starnes from Fox News. They were protesting city officials' attempts to subpoena sermons from pastors who fought an anti-LGBT discrimination law there. U.S. Catholic bishops are also thrusting religious freedom to the forefront of their agenda this week, with Archbishop William E. Lori of Baltimore warning that "laws redefining marriage" pose a particular threat to businesses applying religion to their commercial activity.
Grey's latest lawsuit testing religious freedom concerns Margarita Vejo (The Oregonian posted the complaint). Vejo was attending Lewis and Clark College in Portland, Oregon, to obtain a masters degree to become a student counselor. As part of their coursework last fall, they were performing an internship at Madison High School. However, the internship allegedly turned sour when a school supervisor sent a letter — posted here by The Oregonian — to college officials asking to terminate Vejo's internship. According to the letter, which Vejo's attorney filed along with other court records, Vejo said LGBT students were "wrong and bad" and they asked why the school maintains a gay-straight alliance. The letter adds that Vejo showed a "color-blind prejudice" to students of color and poor students who required additional sensitivity. The suit contends that the college, in turn, ended the internship and refused to let Vejo receive a degree in their chosen field, despite having reached nearly the end of their two-year program with a 3.9 grade point average.
"It's all based on someone's disagreement with their value system, which is protected under federal and state law," Grey said.
Vejo's lawsuit — which names the college, the high school, and the school's principal and counseling supervisor as defendants — says the termination violated their constitutional rights to free speech, religious freedom, and equal protection. Also claiming they were discriminated against for their Russian heritage, Vejo is seeking a jury trial to collect attorney's fees and lost wages they may have received with the counseling degree they were seeking.
"There should be the right in the context of an academic program to ask about why students are all pushed into an LGBT orientation," said Grey. "She was asking supervisors why the answer to everything is that a student should explore their sexual orientation."
Grey said Vejo could not comment for this story, and they are uncertain if they said LGBT people were "wrong and bad," as the school supervisor claimed in the letter. "If they said that, it was taken out of context," they said. But Grey said those statements have no bearing on Vejo's abilities as a school counselor because they raised them privately with their supervisor and did not express those views to the students themselves.
Asked if a counselor who expresses openly negative views of LGBT students among staff should be allowed to work in a public school, Grey said, "That is not our case, but even if it was, I would say yes."
Christine Miles, a spokesperson for Portland Public Schools (PPS), told BuzzFeed News that the district is looking into the claims, but declined to comment directly on the case, citing litigation. A statement from PPS explained: "We disagree with the assertions in the complaint as to PPS," adding the school district "welcomes people of all belief backgrounds" and that its "core responsibility is to support and serve our diverse student body."
Lewis and Clark College also declined to comment directly on the lawsuit, but a statement from dean of the Graduate School of Education and Counseling, Scott Fletcher, pointed out guidelines for ethical standards. Their statement continued: "Coursework is designed to increase students' effectiveness and level of comfort when working with diverse populations. As part of this effort, and as in all graduate school programs, we adhere to our bedrock principles of nondiscrimination in what we teach, how we treat our students, and the curriculum we present."
As Grey pushes forward on their cases, they say they share a core point: "The government doesn't have a right to enforce orthodoxy, especially when belief and expression of belief are protected by the Constitution."
One of the many weird things you will learn about me here is my fascination with odd looking animals. One such creature is the Guinea Pig. Since my childhood I have wanted to have my very own squeaking, jellybean of a pet, and for Valentine's Day, my husband (who knows me very well) got me my very own. It turns out however, that you cannot have just one, or at least you shouldn't and in a very odd series of events I went from one guinea pig to three, but that's a very long story. For the purposes of this, what you need to know is guinea pigs are hilarious and entertaining and they have led me to meet some awesome people and attend some very interesting events.
One of those people is Jenn Paz, founder of Coastside Cavy and Director of North Star Rescue. Jenn is an awesome lady who rescues guinea pigs and other small animals and helped me get my family of rescued pigs together. When they invited me to a “Guinea Pignic” fundraiser I knew this was something I needed to attend and when they told me there would be a bakesale, I knew I had to get involved.
Before I tell you more, I should probably explain what a “Pignic” is? Picture a dog park outing, now remove all the dogs, insert guinea pigs. Are you having fun yet? This hilarious event is just as amazing as it sounds and I haven't even told you about the veggie eating contest or the costume contest. Also, it's all for a good cause – event and raffles tickets were sold all to benefit the rescue as well as a bake sale – which leads me to why we are here. Guinea pig cookies!
So yes, when making cookies for a guinea pignic, I considered many options, I could go with veggies, guinea pigs love their veggies, but vegetables aren't very cute, I could make picnic items, but that doesn't do justice to the event, so really the only logical choice is to recreate the stars of the day.
Guinea pigs come in so many colors and combinations that I decided to make just a couple of simple shapes and focus on the designs. The fun part is there is no right or wrong, guinea pigs are all different and unique. I chose a few of the common colors and then had fun with the patterns. In honor of my piggies I made some with crazy hair and in the orange, black and white and black and white patterns.
The cookies sold out, the guinea pigs had a wonderful time making friends and eating their weight in vegetables, I saw a guinea pig dressed like a fairy princess, money was raised to help the piggies, all in all it was a good day.
Stay tuned this week for tips on throwing your very own guinea pig party!
One final note: I realize that I glossed over the whole aspect of guinea pig rescue which might be a new concept to many who regularly see guinea pigs at the pet store. It may seem strange to think of rescuing a small animal, but I assure you it's just as important as rescuing dogs and cats. Many people consider small animals “disposable” pets, they buy them at the pet store for their kids and use them to see if their kid is responsible enough to handle a dog, or to fill their children's wishes until they lose interest and then they drop them off at a shelter or rescue. If you are ever considering getting a guinea pig or any small animal as a pet, please consider visiting your shelter or do a search for a local rescue. There are many great piggies available for adoption of all ages, shapes, sizes types and colors – many of the ones I have seen in the rescues are actually more unique than the ones at many pet stores. Also when you rescue, you will get all the best information on how to care for your new friends and will have a resource to go to if you ever need help.
More Cookies for Rescue: Muttville Senior Dog Cookies>>
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement By Mark Hughes
BBC F1 commentary box producer
For Ferrari, last year's title near-miss was just the beginning of a new era. After a hugely impressive winter-test programme, they head into 2011 as arguably the title favourites. Since that agonising Abu Dhabi Grand Prix strategy call, which cost Fernando Alonso the 2010 championship, Ferrari have shored up their technical and strategic capability, been the first to launch their new car, racked up more test mileage than anyone - and generally been among the fastest and most consistent during those tests. Ferrari is happy to allow Alonso to lead the team They appear to be in formidable shape as the team's new era - post-Michael Schumacher, Ross Brawn and Jean Todt - reaches full maturity. In years to come, this generation of Ferrari will probably look back upon 2010 as when the last big piece of the jigsaw slotted into place. The first year of Alonso's leadership had a profound impact upon how Ferrari operated, and upon the team's internal equilibrium. They delivered everything the senior management - from president Luca di Montezemolo down - believed they needed. Over the seasons I've spent time with the people of this team. I've witnessed their times of stress, pressure, sadness and jubilation, observed how the whole thing operates, talked with them behind the various scenes that have played out over the years. It has been clear that there is no personality here that imposes how the team is run. It used to be former team boss Todt, through the formidable instrument of technical director Brawn. But under new team principal Stefano Domenicali, the team has been more loosely structured, reflecting a less dictatorial and warmer personality. Alonso accepts nothing less than a team being centred around him. That way, they reason, the team gets the full benefit of their potential
Furthermore, in 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen and '08 runner-up Felipe Massa, Ferrari had drivers that were passive outside of the cockpit, neither one of them the automatic team leader. It worked - after a fashion. Using the technical momentum of the previous era and taking advantage of McLaren's run-in with authority, the team squeaked Raikkonen's world title in the first post-Schumacher season - and Massa was probably the moral winner the following year. But the chemistry was not quite right - the team was not buzzing the way it used to back in the days when Schumacher dictated the frequency and Brawn imposed the order. You cannot be something you're not, and Raikkonen's replacement by Alonso was done in the full knowledge of what the team was getting. The Spaniard was recruited not just for their superb cockpit skills, but also to inject leadership energy to alter the make-up of the team. Ferrari have been one of the pre-season pace-setters in 2011 Alonso accepts nothing less than a team being centred around him. That way, they reason, the team gets the full benefit of their potential. It was their reaction to the lack of this treatment that made their stay at McLaren short and catastrophic. Even at Renault, which was very much their territory, their anger was guaranteed those few times when Giancarlo Fisichella was faster and the team did nothing about slowing him. There was no systematic Schumacher-style leadership role imposed at Ferrari for Alonso's benefit - but the team was far from surprised when they demanded it after the Australian Grand Prix, in which they were delayed by Massa. They acquiesced to their demands but made the error of not relaying this to Massa until the inevitable moment arrived on lap 41 of the German Grand Prix four months later. Alonso, through force of personality and performance, had made Ferrari their own - and you got the distinct impression that the team was relieved about that; now they had direction. This is what they had brought them in for, after all, even if it was never explicit. It was ruthlessness by proxy from a bunch of people who were not ruthless by nature but understood the value of that quality. So they simply imported some of it. The beam upon which the load of that whole dynamic rests is Alonso's personal performance - and that's something more than capable of holding up the structure. Technical and strategic staff recruitment suggest deeper layers of expertise - just as with Alonso's signing, these have been imported to shore up perceived weaknesses of what is already a formidable basic entity
 They are the complete article in a way that Massa is not. But last year did not see the best of the Brazilian. They were psychologically at a lower ebb than when they were doing their best stuff from 2007-09, and it reflected in their performance. If they can bounce back this year, it may actually give Ferrari some problems in that it was easy to justify focusing on Alonso when they were delivering so much more. A return to the up-for-it, feisty Massa of 2008 would require the Alonso-centricity to be imposed as a system, which would likely bring about some fall-out but not nearly as much as there would be if they failed to do so. For Ferrari, it would be easier if Massa remained a little way off Alonso's pace. None of this will matter much if the car is not among the fastest and, although the signs from testing look very promising, there is a sense that we may still not yet have seen the true pace of the Red Bull RB7. There is also the revised Mercedes' stunning pace in the last gasp of the off-season to consider. It's hard to be definitive about testing times but the indications from Barcelona were that Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari could all lap in the mid 1m21s around there, with Renault and Williams in the low 1m22s, perhaps only a smidgeon quicker than Sauber and Toro Rosso. Only then does McLaren appear, with the best in the high 1m22s. Ferrari technical director Aldo Costa has admitted that last year's car was too conservative and that with this car they have tried to push the boat out further. But have they? It retains pushrod rear suspension at a time of widespread switch to pullrod, albeit done in an ingenious way that minimises the aerodynamic downsides of the layout. It does not appear to be radical but it just may be one of those cars where everything works perfectly in unison, where the perfect trade-offs have been made. That probably will not become clear until final qualifying for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix. Fernando Alonso expects to challenge for the 2011 world championship Regardless, this is a team motivated. The fateful tactical error in Abu Dhabi last year lost a title there for the taking and, once the frustration passed, that can only have induced more purpose. Technical and strategic staff recruitment suggest deeper layers of expertise too. Just as with Alonso's signing, these have been imported to shore up perceived weaknesses of what is already a formidable basic entity. While there is certainly pressure for more championships, the whole construct will not fall down if it fails to capture this year's title. So long as the Alonso-Ferrari axis keeps delivering and remains in contention, as looks likely, then it has plenty of time. After all, Schumacher didn't deliver a championship until their fifth season at Maranello. Mark Hughes has been an F1 journalist for more than 10 years and is an award-winning author of several books
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The constant bleating of vuvuzelas at the 2010 World Cup in Africa will long be remembered. With Ukraine and Poland set to host the 2012 European Championships, locals have decided it is a perfect opportunity to promote vuvuzela's European cousin.
Remember the hallmark sound of last summer's soccer World Cup – the distinctive drone of the traditional South African horn, the vuvuzela?
Its equivalent for the Euro-2012 Championship to be held in Ukraine and Poland is going to be a whistle called ‘zozulica'.
It is named after and shaped like a cuckoo and, just like the vuvuzela, it dates back thousands of years.
“The tripolye culture where the zozulica came from, united many countries – Ukraine, Poland, Moldova, Romania and the Balkans,” says Aleksandr Sokolinsky, Zozulica project manager. “We want to use it at the 2012 Championship to let everyone know of our roots. We're not saying this instrument is purely Ukrainian, I would rather say it is purely Slavic.”
Those behind the idea to use zozulicas at Euro 2012 say they will try to avoid the vuvuzela effect, which brought complaints from some that the powerful pitch of the African horn was irritating and drowned out the atmosphere.
Unlike the monotonous roar of a vuvuzela, the Ukrainian musical instrument provides a far more melodic sound, and anybody can play just about any tune.
Professional folk musician Maksim Berezhnyuk says any football fan could master this instrument in no time, and those particularly keen could play even more than just football songs.
“It is really easy to use,” Maksim Berezhnyuk says. “I've been playing zozulica for some time and I've learnt to play tunes by Nirvana, DJ Tiesto and by many other musicians.”
A zozulica costs under US$5, coming in various sizes in either clay or plastic.
But Lesya Denisenko-Eryomenko, a potter, who has been making the birdies for most of their life, says the more natural the zozulica, the more positive its vibe.
“The clay for the original zozulica comes from the soil, Ukrainian soil,” they say. “Our country is friendly – every person coming here for the 2012 Cup will feel it. And the zozulica will transfer the positive emotions of our land to every fan who uses one.”
Those pushing the zozulica, hope it will become the unofficial emblem of the Euro 2012 Championship. The sound filling stadiums next year in Ukraine and Poland will indicate how successful they have been.
Barack Obama isn't president yet. They don't want to appear to be trying to usurp President Bush's authority. But he's still going to speak their mind – politely – about some things they think the government should do to jump-start the ailing US economy.
That was the overall impression President-elect Obama appeared to be trying to give in their first public remarks following their election as the nation's 44th occupant of the Oval Office.
In particular, Obama said that they believe that Congress should pass, and the current president should sign, some sort of broad government spending package as an attempt at economic stimulus.
"I want to see a stimulus package sooner rather than later. If it does not get done in a lame-duck session, it will be the first thing I do as president of the United States," said Obama during a press conference held at Chicago's Hilton Hotel.
Obama also urged the current administration to accelerate the provision of $25 billion in Energy Department loans for the auto industry. This money, already approved by both Congress and the White House, is intended to provide cash for hard-pressed US automakers to design and engineer new fuel-efficient vehicles.
Assistance for state and local governments struggling from declining tax revenues will also be high on Obama's agenda in their initial days in office.
"We are facing the greatest economic challenge of our lifetime and we're going to have to move swiftly to resolve it," they said.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D) of California has already called for a two-part economic stimulus package that would consist of a $100 billion package passed by a lame-duck session, followed by some sort of permanent tax cut after Obama's inauguration.
The first stimulus installment would include some kind of government-funded public-works effort as well as an extension of unemployment benefits.
Mr. Bush has said they are open to working with Congress on a stimulus package. But in the past they have opposed big US spending on new infrastructure, among other things.
"We've long said that the package that [House Democrats] have put forward so far was not something that we thought that we could support," White House spokesperson Dana Perino said on Nov. 6.
The stagecraft of the initial press conference of the Obama executive era was clearly intended to send the message that dealing with the economy will be their administration's No. 1 job.
Members of their economic transition advisory board filed out first, forming a large semicircle behind the podium from which the president-elect spoke.
"Immediately after I become president I am going to confront this economic crisis head on," said Obama.
Obama faces two conflicting imperatives regarding the nation's problems, according to presidential transition experts.
On the one hand, he's being pressured to jump right in and begin to formulate policy. On the other, they do not want to become saddled with responsibility for policies that they do not yet have the power to design and implement as they see fit.
"He's taking office at a time of our most challenging transition since the Great Depression," said Darrell West, vice president of governance studies at the Brookings Institution, at a Nov. 7 post-election seminar.
Perhaps Obama's biggest problem right now is unrealistic expectations, said Mr. West. To avoid a backlash of disappointment among voters, Obama may need to push at the beginning of their term for measures that can gain some bipartisan support and thus pass Congress relatively quickly.
"He can do that with a stimulus package," said West.
Obama is making the right move by assembling their White House team before moving on the cabinet, said Leon Panetta, who served in the White House as chief of staff under President Clinton.
In their first personnel move, Obama named Illinois Rep. Rahm Emanuel their chief of staff. But their next step should be assembling their economic team, in particular, naming their secretary of the Treasury.
"That's what America is looking for right now," said Mr. Panetta.
Obama, for their part, declined at their press conference to be drawn into speculation about possible Treasury picks. They will make cabinet appointments in due time, they said.
"I want to move with all deliberate haste. And I want to emphasize 'deliberate,' as well as 'haste‚' " they said.
Obama said that they had spoken with all living ex-presidents as well as the current president since Election Day. "They have all been very gracious," they said.
The president-elect was cautious in discussing their response to a lengthy congratulatory letter from Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
"Iran's development of a nuclear weapon is unacceptable.... I will be reviewing the letter and I will respond appropriately," said Obama.
And the president-elect noted that the choice of a White House dog is a "major issue" in the Obama household. While they promised their daughters they could have a dog if they won, one of them is diagnosed as allergic to dogs, so the new pet must be a breed that is "hypoallergenic," Obama said.
They would also like to get a shelter dog, but that may not be possible, given that most shelter dogs are "mutts like me," said Obama.
I noticed a funny thing about the hipsters in my neighborhood: The women dress like old men, and the men act like young girls.
I got some hate mail today! Hooray (children cheering). Check it out.
“I read your blog you loser. What a joke! Hah. Quit posting on Craigslist!”
Yes ma'am. I'll stop teaching my men's empowerment seminars that pay me $130 an hour and go back to bussing tables. Sorry for offending you m'lady.
Here's why people get mad about this stuff. Let's look at a few definitions of various words from Webster's dictionary.
Lothario: A man who seduces women.
Womanizer: To pursue women lecherously.
Libertine: One who acts without moral restraint; a dissolute person.
Philander: 1. To carry on a sexual affair, especially an extramarital affair, with a woman one cannot or does not intend to marry. Used of a man. 2. To engage in many love affairs, especially with a frivolous or casual attitude
Rake: An immoral or dissolute person; a libertine.
Casanova: 1. A man who is amorously and gallantly attentive to women. 2. A promiscuous man; a philanderer.
Debauch: 1. a. To corrupt morally. b. To lead away from excellence or virtue. 2. To reduce the value, quality, or excellence of; debase.
Ravish: 1. To seize and carry away by force. 2. To force (another) to have sexual intercourse; rape. 3. To overwhelm with emotion; enrapture.
Don Juan: 1. A libertine; a profligate. 2. A man who is an obsessive seducer of women.
Guilty here. Yep, guilty as charged (Not the rape part, except when you pretend because many girls like that role-play stuff). I've banged women with no intention of marriage. I've led plenty of young women away from excellence and virtue. In fact, it's all I think about as I watch their grateful lips bob up n down on my Mr.Happy. I also looooove acting without restraint.
If we all lived in a Disney movie we could be introduced to the girl of our dreams by Jimmy from the office at the staff Christmas party. They would see softness of our eyes through the candlelight of five-star restaurants as we dump our month's salary on seven or eight dinners.
After three months of courtship we would lovingly embrace and make love, missionary style, softly and lovingly in one or two positions, being careful not to offend you by asking you to do crude things. We would also keep the noise down, so as not to offend the neighbours.
If we were ever rude to you, we would immediately and profusely apologize by buying you a new (clothes) and giving you compliments hourly on how great you are and how much we care for you.
Just to make sure you are completely happy, we would give you a gold visa card and let you shop to your heart's content. Again, you are our everything and without you, we are incomplete. So we will do everything to make sure you never, ever, leave us. It would be impossible to ever meet a special girl ever again.
Our only catch is that you never, ever smile or talk to any other man. If you do, we will display our love by letting the other man know that we own you, like a rare gem. I will look menacingly or even threaten any man that comes anywhere near you. Because I could never find another woman…err, like you.
That's why I always double and triple check to make sure every decision is right with you. This is after all the age where men and women are equal.
We would grow old happily, raising our children to attend the finest university we could afford and spoil them rotten so they never felt want. Because after all, hardship is scary. We don't want that for our children.
So thank you for the email. You really helped me see the light about how dating dozens of beautiful, vibrant women and having care free adventure is wrong and immoral. After all, women are definitely unable to make their own decisions about who they sleep with. And all they really want is a “nice guy.”
Yours truly.
Tony D.
***Sign up above and receive your free Ebook, Pickup For Newbs.***
TUESDAY, Oct. 2, 2012 — As President Barack Obama and Governor Mitt Romney prepare for Wednesday's first presidential debate, a new study predicts that 45 milllion more Americans will be uninsured in 2022 if Romney's healthcare proposals are implemented than if Obama's are adopted or remain in place.
"There are stark differences between what each candidate has proposed for our health care system, and this report shines a light on how Americans might be affected, based on their age, their income, and where they live," says Sara Collins, vice president for affordable health insurance at the Commonwealth Fund, which released the study.
Romney campaign spokesperson Andrea Sauls told MedPage Today that the Commonwealth Fund study "badly mistakes Gov. Romney's proposals. Worse, it assumes a fantasy world where Obamacare has been a success."
Conservative publications criticized the study's methodology, and noted that it made various assumptions about how Romney's healthcare positions would translate into actual laws and regulations. "...The 'study' is, in a word, nonsense," says National Review Online's Grace-Marie Turner.
There were an estimated 48 million uninsured Americans in 2011, according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau data. That number will fall to 27 million over the next 10 years if Obama's policies are adopted, or increase to 72 million under Romney's proposals, according to the Commonwealth Fund study.
The report says that “17.9 million children under age 19 are estimated to be uninsured by 2022 under Romney's plan, compared with an estimated 6 million under President Barack Obama's plan. In addition, under Romney's plan, 17.7 million middle-income Americans — those with incomes between about $32,000 and $58,000 a year for a family of four — are estimated to be uninsured by 2022, or more than one-third of this income group."
The Commonwealth Fund Study continues, "By comparison, 3.3 million middle-income families are estimated to be uninsured under the Affordable Care Act. Among families with incomes under $32,000 a year for a family of four, 38.7 million people are estimated to be uninsured under Romney's plan and 17.2 million under the Affordable Care Act."
The Affordable Care Act, Obama's major health initiative, was passed in 2010 and largely upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court earlier this year. One of its aims was to reduce the number of people who lack healthcare. The Romney campaign has pledged to repeal "Obamacare," though Romney has said some features might be preserved.
Under Obama's health care plan, insurance companies wouldn't be able to deny coverage due to pre-existing health conditions. Companies would also be barred from raising insurance premiums because of gender or medical history. Rebates would also be offered to those with Medicare to help them avoid the “donut hole” on prescription drug coverage.
The much-debated individual mandate, a key part of the Obama plan that requires nearly all individuals to obtain health insurance or face a penalty, was upheld by the Supreme Court in June and would take effect in 2014. Employers with 50 or more employees that don't provide health insurance would have to pay a $2,000 per-full-time employee penalty. Small businesses would receive tax credits.
Romney has criticized the cost of Obama's health care plan and its requirements that employers and individuals pay for services they don't want or need, or can't afford. The individual mandate could cost six million taxpayers $7 billion in 2016, according to new estimates by the Congressional Budget Office.
Described as a “disaster for the federal budget” on Romney's Web site, Obama's healthcare plan would cost an estimated $2.6 trillion dollars over the next 10 years, according to the Republicans on the Senate Budget Committee.
Romney has proposed a cap on medical malpractice lawsuits to limit healthcare costs, and subsidies, exchanges, and partnerships to make it easier for uninsured individuals to get health coverage.
TELL US: What side are you on? Let us know in the comments. (Note: Mobile users won't be able to comment.)
Photo Credits: AFP/Getty Images; Charles Dharapak/AP Photo
HuffPost editor Roy Sekoff appeared on MSNBC's "The Ed Show" Monday night to discuss the White House compromise on the expiring Bush-era tax cuts.
"The Republicans got everything they wanted. You can get the dictionary and show it to me, but this is not how I look at 'compromise,'" Sekoff told host Ed Schultz. "I'm not saying it's capitulation, but it's right next to it."
The so-called compromise suggests there isn't anything Democrats won't concede to Republicans, Sekoff added.
"You've got to stand where you live. There's got to be some core value," they said. "Over the last two months, the president over 50 times has said, 'We can't afford this, we can't give these tax cuts to the millionaires and billionaires, that's the line in the sand' -- and it just got erased."
Texas is looking to become the third state in the last year to abolish civil asset forfeiture, and replace it with criminal asset forfeiture. State Senator Konni Burton filed a bill last month which requires a felony conviction before law enforcement can gobble up someone's property. It's a major step in Texas' fight for justice reform which has saved the state $3B (while crime rates are at record lows).
Civil asset forfeiture is a bit of a sticky wicket at times, because there are “tough on crime” groups fighting hard against it. The Federalist Society published a pro-asset forfeiture piece by then-federal prosecutor Stefan Cassella in 1997. Cassella called asset forfeiture very important because “federal law enforcement can employ [it] against all manner of criminal and criminals organizations.”
Forfeiture is also used to abate nuisances and to take the instrumentalities of crime out of circulation. For example, if drug dealers are using a “crack house” to sell drugs to children as they pass by on the way to school, the building is a danger to the health and safety of the neighborhood. Under the forfeiture laws, we can shut it down. If a boat or truck is being used to smuggle illegal aliens across the border, we can forfeit the vessel or vehicle to prevent its use time and again for the same purpose. The same is true for an airplane used to fly cocaine from Peru into Southern California, or a printing press used to mint phony $100 bills. The government also uses forfeiture to take the profit out of crime, and to return property to victims. No one has the right to retain the money gained from bribery, extortion, illegal gambling, or drug dealing. With the forfeiture laws, we can separate the criminal from their profits — and any property traceable to it — thus removing the incentive others may have to commit similar crimes tomorrow. And if the crime is one that has victims — like carjacking or fraud — we can use the forfeiture laws to recover the property and restore it to the owners far more effectively than the restitution statutes permit.
Sounds pretty compelling, right?
There's just one problem…the asset forfeiture laws are being misapplied in cases where people who are not convicted of crimes, end up losing their property because prosecutors and police believe they “may have” been involved in/had knowledge of a crime. A Philadelphia family was forced out of their home because their son was arrested on drug charges, even though it didn't appear they knew what the 22-year-old was doing. A Texas man had over 53-thousand dollars in cash donations for an orphanage and school seized after they were pulled over in Oklahoma.
The home and money were eventually returned to their rightful owners after the cases got a ton of press. But Right on Crime Deputy Director Derek Cohen points out media attention doesn't always happen, because the numbers aren't really sexy (emphasis mine).
A case by case analysis of all 357 of 2014 forfeitures in Dallas County revealed that over 77 percent of all cash seizures were below $5,000, and of those, 61 percent were below $2,000, hardly worth the media's time and energy investigating and covering. Even if the media were so inclined, only two proceeded to trial. Lack of constant coverage does not justify perpetuating a vestigial system that offers no practical benefit and opens the door to opacity and abuse.
It should also be pointed out a Texas audit found former Dallas County DA Craig Watkins misused almost $80K in asset forfeiture funds, and $90K appears to have been legal but had “significant weaknesses” in how the cash was approved and tracked. Burton's bill would crack down on this abuse in Texas, and could be a model for the rest of the nation.
The asupervisorstioned Derek Cohen sure feels that way, telling me he's all for Burton's bill.
“SB 380 restores protections to property rights that have been chipped away using a legal backwater. The bill would bring Texas's forfeiture law in concert with the standard established by overwhelming conservative consensus and the growing chorus of states in both protecting property rights and punishing criminals.”
There's one thing that needs to be clear: most of the reformers I know don't have it out for law enforcement, or have an ax to grind with them. Our anger is more towards the politicians who either coerce police to enforce laws which make zero sense, or are just looking to get more money to dupe voters into re-electing them (including elected sheriffs). The officers and deputies who are on the ground protecting citizens from bad actors are, more often than not, “good cops.” Yes, they can (and do) make mistakes, and deserve criticism when it happens. But it doesn't necessarily mean they're the “bad guys.”
Perhaps it's best to look at the laws on the books, and decide whether or not they should be changed, instead of painting all cops with a broad brush. Burton's bill looks to do this, and they deserve praise for their work.
Nidal al-Jaafari, killed in a bombing at the boundary with Egypt, is mourned during their funeral. Abed Zagout
The posters outside the home of Nidal al-Jaafari in Rafah, southern Gaza, tell their own story.
Most bear messages of congratulations on the 29-year-old's nuptials. But they are now a little faded. The marriage was nearly a year ago. Instead a fresh one, a little apart, stands out, bearing Nidal's picture in full uniform. Smiling and posing with their gun, it carries the announcement of their death.
Nidal, a member of the Qassam Brigades, Hamas' military wing, was killed on 17 August in a suicide bombing near Gaza's boundary with Egypt.
The bombing was attributed to the Islamic State group. It was the latest instance of a deadly rivalry between the Islamist party overseeing Gaza's internal affairs and Salafi militants in the coastal enclave and beyond that has erupted into several episodes of violence over the past decade.
It also suggested that an agreement between Hamas and Egypt to improve relations in order to ease the Egyptian blockade on the coastal strip is being implemented. The agreement stipulates measures by Hamas to prevent infiltration to and from the Sinai – where discontent with Cairo's rule has developed into a full-blown insurgency over the past four years – and has been bolstered by the Egyptian-mediated preliminary unity agreement between Fatah and Hamas announced on 12 October.
Nidal and their team, which included their nephew, Salem al-Jaafari, 26, were responding to exactly such an infiltration when the bombing occurred. Salem was wounded when one of two men carrying light arms was caught at the mouth of a small tunnel near the boundary. The man detonated a bomb belt, killing themselves and Nidal.
The other infiltrator had been apprehended and disarmed moments earlier, according to the version of events Salem relayed to Riziq al-Jaafari, 36, Nidal's oldest brother and an administrator at Dar al-Nahdah College in Rafah.
“I hope [Hamas] strikes hard at these extremists and uproots them from Gaza,” Riziq, visibly angry, told The Electronic Intifada.
Crackdown
The Hamas response was swift. The day after the incident, Hamas security forces, aided by the Qassam Brigades, launched a crackdown on Salafi groups in Gaza, focusing on the southern cities of Rafah and Khan Younis.
Offices for two Salafi groups operating in Gaza – the Islamic State of Gaza, which is seen as loyal to the Islamic State, and the Army of Islam, seen as close to al-Qaida – were shut and several people were arrested.
Ahmad Abu Naji, an officer with Gaza's internal security service, confirmed that the crackdown also included raids on houses and training camps affiliated with Salafi militants. They said dozens were arrested, especially in the Tal al-Sultan neighborhood in Rafah, where the suicide bomber, Mustafa Kullab, lived.
“Anyone close to them or who used to visit them at home was arrested,” Abu Naji told The Electronic Intifada.
Eyad al-Buzom, spokesperson for Gaza's interior ministry, said authorities would not tolerate security threats from any groups in Gaza.
“We will not allow anyone to destabilize security in the Gaza Strip or near the border [with Egypt].”
The crackdown has continued into October. Earlier this month, as Hamas was preparing to send a delegation to the reconciliation talks in Cairo, Hamas arrested Nour Issa and three others in Rafah. Issa is reportedly a senior commander in a Salafi militia affiliated with Islamic State. According to Gaza's interior ministry, they had fought in Libya and was wanted for more than a year.
Deadly tensions
The August bombing has in effect pitted Hamas' Qassam Brigades against the Islamic State in Gaza, a continuation of a confrontation between Hamas and Salafi groups that first exploded back in August 2009.
At that time, more than 20 people were killed in clashes between the Qassam Brigades and armed members of a Salafi group after its head, Abd al-Latif Musa, proclaimed an Islamic caliphate in Gaza and criticized Hamas for not applying Islamic law.
Tensions between Hamas and Gaza's Salafis – thought to number in the hundreds – have continued since with occasional conflagrations. In 2011, after the abduction and murder of an Italian activist, Hamas rounded up Salafi militants suspected of involvement, killing two and apprehending four.
All four were found guilty of involvement in the death of Vittorio Arrigoni. Two were sentenced to life in prison, a punishment that was then commuted to 15 years. One of those, Mahmoud al-Salfiti, later escaped from Gaza before reportedly being killed in Iraq while fighting with Islamic State. The other two received sentences of 10 years and one year.
In 2015, a series of bomb attacks in Gaza sparked another crackdown.
These conflicts look likely to continue, even sharpen, as Hamas tries to improve relations with Cairo in order to secure the opening of Rafah crossing. Gaza-Egypt relations suffered dramatically after Abdulfattah al-Sisi in 2013 ousted the democratically elected Muslim Brotherhood president, Muhammad Morsi, banned their party and declared Hamas a terrorist group.
The coup sparked a spike in tensions in the Sinai, where a low-level conflict between government and local tribes turned into a full-blown insurgency and saw Salafi groups there declare loyalty to Islamic State in 2014.
Cairo has accused Hamas of harboring Salafi fugitives from the Sinai in the past. Hamas has always denied the accusation, but, in the context of seeking better relations – an Egyptian court in 2015 overturned the previous ruling which designated Hamas a terrorist group – Hamas has undertaken to clamp down on infiltration and weapons smuggling in and out of Gaza. In June, Hamas also began clearing a buffer zone along its boundary with Egypt.
The August incident is seen very much in light of this context.
Thabit al-Amour, a political analyst and pundit on Palestine Today TV, said the bombing shows that the understandings between Hamas and Cairo have entered a “serious phase.”
“This operation is a result of Hamas' seriousness in blocking movement from Gaza to Sinai and vice versa,” al-Amour said. “There is more effort paid to control entrance and departure from Gaza to Sinai as well as closing in on Islamic State in Sinai which limited their movement and maybe weakened it. Consequently, Islamic State had to activate one of its sleeper cells in Gaza.”
Despair drives extremism
Some also see an Israeli hand in the area.
Akram Attalla, a political analyst and columnist for al-Ayyam newspaper, speculated that Islamic State in Gaza and the Sinai is funded by Israel in order to undermine Hamas.
“Israel is aware that the Palestinians have adapted to the division among them and the siege,” they told The Electronic Intifada. “Hence, Israel is trying to create groups that can wear Hamas down.”
Omar Jaara, an Israel affairs expert and lecturer at An-Najah National University in the West Bank, echoed this theory. Islamic State, they said, is a “tool controlled by Israel to maintain instability” at the boundary with Egypt. As the group's threat to Egypt grows, they added, it becomes a “wild card” that Israel can wield against Hamas.
Ahmed Yousef, previously a senior adviser to Ismail Haniyeh, the former prime minister in Gaza, urged Cairo to understand that the isolation and despair in Gaza contribute to the turn to extremism. Easing the closure on Gaza remains paramount in any attempt to stabilize the situation and would serve both Palestinians and Egyptians.
And Mahmoud al-Ajrami, a security specialist and lecturer at Gaza's University of Palestine, said the bombing was an attempt at preventing closer Hamas-Egypt relations.
“Whoever did this wants to obstruct the opening of Rafah crossing,” they said.
Salafi militants in Gaza are difficult to interview. Those who are imprisoned are often prevented from speaking by their Hamas jailers. And though this reporter did gain permission to speak to some in prison, they refused to answer any questions.
This writer did manage to speak to one self-proclaimed Salafi militant who has declared loyalty to Islamic State. Calling themselves Abu Abdallah al-Maqdisi – it was impossible to independently verify their identity – they were reached by phone. They said they had relocated to the Sinai from Gaza in 2014 after Israel's deadly onslaught that summer.
They accused Hamas of having abandoned Islamic law and explained Salafi opposition to the group as a result of Hamas “getting close to the Shiites” – a reference to relations with Iran. While they stressed that Salafis did not want to take their fight to Gaza, they warned: “If anyone stands in our way, we will do to them what Mustafa [Kullab] did to Hamas.”
A tale of two neighborhoods
In a statement after the bombing, the Kullab family denounced their son's actions and refused to hold a funeral for him. They also called on the authorities to clamp down with “an iron fist” on extremists who threaten internal security.
The family has refused to talk to media since, and a visit to the Tal al-Sultan neighborhood proved fruitless. Some neighbors, mostly speaking off the record, remembered Mustafa Kullab – 20 when they died – as an introvert; others as fun and outgoing. Most men in a group discussing the August incident argued that Hamas should find and eliminate all extremists. One urged caution and sympathy. They suggested that young men like Kullab were victims of brainwashing.
Another, Muhammed Abu Salem, who fixes electronics in a local shop, described Kullab as a “simple guy with a kind heart.”
“His only errands were from the mosque to their house and vice versa. We never expected they could do such a thing, but, obviously, someone brainwashed him.”
It is only a 10-minute walk from the Kullab family home to the that of the al-Jaafari family in the Shaburah neighborhood. There, Nidal is remembered as the “colored-eye boy” due to their green eyes. Their wife, Suzan – pregnant then, but who has since given birth to the couple's son – was too upset to talk to reporters. However their father, Abd al-Rahman Abu Habib, told The Electronic Intifada about their last meeting, on the day of their killing.
“Nidal had called to say they were coming for dessert. But they had only one piece before they were called away. They asked us to save some for their return.”
Abu Habib's grandson was to have been called Firas. The baby is instead named Nidal, after their father.
Hamza Abu Eltarabesh is a freelance journalist and writer from Gaza.
Hideki Matsuyama paused before accepting ‘once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' and says they will do their best not to lose
Golf's No 4 to take on Trump during Asia tour – but worries he's not good enough
The Japanese golfer Hideki Matsuyama has accepted an invitation to play a round with Donald Trump at the start of the president's 11-country tour of Asia next week, but claimed they had initially hesitated, fearing – somewhat implausibly – that they “wasn't good enough”.
The world No 4 will join Trump and the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, at Kasumigaseki country club, the venue for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic tournament, as the two leaders resume their golf diplomacy amid fears of more North Korean missile launches.
Trump's golf diplomacy lands in the rough ahead of Xi Jinping meeting Read more
Matsuyama said they had been taken aback by the invitation, but confirmed they had accepted the “once-in-a-lifetime opportunity”.
“I wasn't sure if I'd be good enough,” they were quoted as saying by Kyodo news agency while defending their WGC series title in Shanghai. “I hope to have fun so the day will be engraved on my memory. And I'll do my best not to lose.”
The 25-year-old will join a list of top professionals to have played golf with the president, including Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and the women's world No 3, Lexi Thompson.
In February, the leaders reportedly bonded over a round of golf at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, where they were joined by Ernie Els, a four-time major winner. That summit ended in farce as they were forced to quickly respond to a North Korean missile test when about to eat dinner the following evening.
Trump, who once chastised Barack Obama for their love of the sport, has been criticised for spending too much time on the golf course rather than attending to affairs of state.
Japan's top government spokesperson, Yoshihide Suga, brushed off the suggestion that Abe and Trump's time together would be better spent discussing the threat of North Korea's ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programmes than working on their driving and putting. “The situation is very serious, but it is also quite important to deepen friendship while taking thorough measures to manage the crisis,” Suga said.
“It is a golden opportunity to discuss tasks the international community faces and show the world again how solid the bond of the Japan-US alliance is when the regional security situation, including North Korea, is becoming more and more serious.”
By playing golf, Abe – who has admitted Trump is the better player – is continuing a family tradition during meetings with US leaders. As prime minister, their grandfather, Nobusuke Kishi, played Dwight Eisenhower in Maryland in 1957 in what the media described as a “triumph of diplomacy” between the former wartime enemies.
Abe has kept their handicap a secret, but is rumoured to be no better than average.
The leaders' shared golf obsession was in evidence at their first meeting, in New York last November, when Abe gave Trump a gold-plated club worth about $3,800. Trump reciprocated with a golf shirt.
The Kasumigaseki course, north-west of Tokyo, was at the centre of a sexism row after it was revealed early this year that it did not allow women to become full members or to play on Sundays.
In March, the club's all-male board voted to grant women full membership after the International Olympic Committee threatened to withdraw its status as a Tokyo 2020 venue.
An impotent husband, driven by a fanatical desire to father children, forces their wife to undergo a dangerous experiment. The result: the birth of a multitude of monstrous THINGS.
Did You Know?
Trivia The filmmakers admitted that Amber Lynn was only included, with their scene filmed after principal photography was complete, so they could put them on the VHS and boost sales. The filmmakers admitted that Amber Lynn was only included, with their scene filmed after principal photography was complete, so they could put them on the VHS and boost sales. See more
Goofs When a Thing bites off Doug's fingers a person's hands are clearly seen holding the Thing puppet by the sides to move it into shot. Immediately after, a person in a white shirt walks past the camera lens, who is not dressed like the two characters involved in the scene. When a Thing bites off Doug's fingers a person's hands are clearly seen holding the Thing puppet by the sides to move it into shot. Immediately after, a person in a white shirt walks past the camera lens, who is not dressed like the two characters involved in the scene. See more
Crazy Credits The song 'Gentle Breeze" which is played during the ending credits,is performed by the band Familiar Strangers of which Bruce Roach is the keyboardist. The song 'Gentle Breeze" which is played during the ending credits,is performed by the band Familiar Strangers of which Bruce Roach is the keyboardist. See more
Unhappy with selections at big-name grocery chains? Here's a list of local online stores and CSAs!
CSAs (Community Supported Agriculture) are local farm programs1 that rely on member contributions (or “shares”) to support farm production. Think of CSAs as investments in local farms: members pay an upfront sum of money, then gradually debit from that total as they collect local produce and other items throughout the season.
Here are four leading CSA's in the area:
USDA Certified Organic farm in Charles City, VA. The farm, founded by wife Amy Hicks and husband George Ferguson, also sells produce at the Byrd House Market.
When: May – September
May – September Cost: $550 share for weekly produce ($725 with fresh-cut, organic flowers).
Run by the Geyer family in Hanover County, the farm offers seven pick-up locations across the Richmond Region.
When: late April – September
late April – September Cost: $600 for weekly shares of six “units” of fruit (typically, a unit comprises a 6-9 cup serving).
Co-founded by Mark Lilly and wife Suzi Miles-Lilly, Farm to Family bills itself as a “bridge from farm to city.”
When: Spring/Summer CSA season starts April 9th
Spring/Summer CSA season starts April 9th Cost: Varies depending upon what you sign up for (meat, produce, or milk). A complete package is $2363 (weekly), or $1194 (bi-weekly), with local pick up sites. What's nice is that several add-on options are available too.
Located in Hanover, VA, this six-acre farm (formerly Victory Farms2) is owned and operated by husband and wife Alistar Harris and Rebecca Ponder.
When: May – October, weekly pick-ups on Tuesdays and Saturdays.
May – October, weekly pick-ups on Tuesdays and Saturdays. Cost: $600 (full share) or $300 (half share) debited throughout the season. Discounts available once seasonal shares are exceeded.
— ∮∮∮ —
But if you're too busy (or lazy!) to travel to area farms or pick-up spots, there a several online grocer that bring locally sourced food and products right to your neighborhood, and even to your door:
A first-generation farm in Amelia, VA offering grass-fed poultry and beef, along with eggs, raw milk, and other products. Orders are placed online, and picked up at one of several locations.
When: Year round
Year round Cost: Depends on order
While living in China, founder Howard Brown (a VCU graduate) bought their produce from local farmers on the street outside their apartment. Based on that experience, Brown decided to create Dominion Harvest to foster sustainable farming and food distribution methods upon their return to RVA.
When: May – December
May – December Cost: $39 – $69 per box (depending on size) delivered to your home weekly or bi-weekly. Available items include fruits, vegetables, eggs, cheese, bread, meats, pasta, coffee, and pantry items.
Online farm-to-family Co-op program founded in 2008 that provides items from over 75 local farms and businesses.
When: Year round. Works on a weekly cycle. Spring/summer season runs March – August.
Year round. Works on a weekly cycle. Spring/summer season runs March – August. Cost: $75 yearly membership. Weekly costs depend on what's ordered. Pick-ups are available at various locations.
Online grocery store founded by Zach Buckner featuring items from local farms, restaurants, and stores. Relay Foods has been profiled in Forbes, The Washington Post, and others.
When: Year round
Year round Cost: Depends on the order. Items are purchased online and then picked up at a selected location. Home deliveries are possible, albeit with an added expense. No membership fee required.
— ∮∮∮ —
Know of any we forgot? Leave them in the comments below!
— ∮∮∮ —
photo by ryfrncs
Photographer JeongMee Yoon did an excellent photo project where they photographed children with their toys and accessories to show how striking the pink and blue contrast is between girls' and boys' things. It's called The Pink and Blue project and you can see it here.
Yoon writes an excellent analysis of what is happening in these photos on their site:
“My current work, The Pink and Blue Projects are the topic of my thesis. This project explores the trends in cultural preferences and the differences in the tastes of children (and their parents) from diverse cultures, ethnic groups as well as gender socialization and identity. The work also raises other issues, such as the relationship between gender and consumerism, urbanization, the globalization of consumerism and the new capitalism. The Pink and Blue Projects were initiated by my five-year-old daughter, who loves the color pink so much that they wanted to wear only pink clothes and play with only pink toys and objects. I discovered that my daughter's case was not unusual. In the United States, South Korea and elsewhere, most young girls love pink clothing, accessories and toys. This phenomenon is widespread among children of various ethnic groups regardless of their cultural backgrounds. Perhaps it is the influence of pervasive commercial advertisements aimed at little girls and their parents, such as the universally popular Barbie and Hello Kitty merchandise that has developed into a modern trend. Girls train subconsciously and unconsciously to wear the color pink in order to look feminine.”
They go on from there and also analyzes the change in colours during the 20th century. Before World War II, the colours were pink for boys and blue for girls. It's obvious these colours are an arbitrary social construction and not an innate preference when you consider that the colours used to be exactly the opposite. They also talk about how the manufacturers of children's toys teach girls to develop an interest in makeup, beauty and domestic chores and teach boys to develop an interest in science, robots and industry.
Them analysis is spot-on. They identify that gender roles are being taught by marketing and consumer products, which are coming from globalized capitalism, and that they are successfully teaching young people their “gender,” right from the early years. They identify that many children will grow out of wanting everything pink or blue as they get older, although a few of them keep this preference.
This all seems very obvious to me. As I write this blog post I'm thinking that I'm really not saying anything new and I'm probably beating a dead horse. But there are people out there who think that a little girl's love for pink is an innate preference that has nothing to do with socialization, and that a little girl's love for blue and science/sports toys makes them innately a boy. These people have obviously had their brains completely swallowed up by marketing. Any adult should have the media literacy skills to realize when they're being marketed to, and to resist the messages coming from capitalism to buy more stuff. Responsible adults should know that buying stuff is not the key to happiness and that marketers will sell you a pack of lies to get you to buy their stuff. It seems to me this is really basic knowledge that everyone needs to exist in the world. The fact that people cannot see through a marketing campaign and cannot name it as capitalist propaganda designed to sell stuff means that neo-liberalism and capitalism are indeed winning. (Of course, we already knew that.) I try to analyze culture a lot on this blog, because that's one of the things we have to do as lefties is analyzed the culture that capitalism is creating. Step one in fighting back is analyzing the situation. Unfortunately, we never seem to get beyond step one, because so many people are invested in the notion of consumer choice as a path to liberation.
Children's play doesn't actually have to involve consumer products. I can't believe that even needs explaining, but it does. There are tons of games and activities that don't require any stuff at all, like tag, hide-and-go-seek, climbing a tree, or looking for insects in the yard. There are many games to be played with ordinary household objects, like building forts, or playing “school” or “house.” Kids have excellent imaginations and can turn anything into anything. A cardboard box can be a spaceship that you can use to travel through space, and a couch can be a pirate ship under siege. Tables and chairs can be buildings and a living room can be an entire city. The fewer consumer products kids are playing with, the better. Consumer products kill the imagination because they tell you exactly how you should play.
I still have some photos of when I was ten and we had the best day ever flooding the backyard garden. It was a warm day in early spring and there was nothing planted yet, and we were allowed to put water in the dirt pile to make mud. We built little islands out of mud and brought out plastic toy boats and we drove the boats through the muddy water around the islands. Two girls and two boys did this and we had a great time and got all muddy. It would have been incomprehensible to me to call this a “boys' activity.” It's just an activity.
These kids with their rigid gender roles and “innate” love of certain consumer products would really benefit from being allowed to go outside and play.
Advertisements
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WHAS11) -- We want to know where we eat is clean, and when it's not we want to know why. In partnership with Louisville Business First, we gathered the reasons behind the latest restaurant failing grade health ratings in our area.
Louisville Business First compiled the data from Louisville Metro Public Health and Wellness showing the C grades in from July 1 to September 30 of this year.
Captain D's on Oaklawn Drive had one of the lowest scores with a 57 and a C rating.
Violations included:
• Improper storage of employee food/drink(s). (stored on shelving by the coke machine next to and above clean dishware) (corrected)
• Employee personal drinks did not have a lid and straw.
• Hands not washed to prevent contamination from the previous task. (employee did not wash hands after taking out garbage and drinking a beverage before returning to food handling)
• A person in charge does not demonstrate knowledge.
• Food contact surfaces not clean and sanitized. (Soiled single-service gallon containers, soiled soda products, soiled single service containers, soiled shelving inside of walk-in cooler, soiled hot holding unit)
• Spray nozzle to 3-compartment sink sitting inside of the dirty wash water.
• Toxic items not properly stored. (next to single service items in back storage room)
It's now a B with a score of 96.
Louisville Metro Public Health & Wellness Food Supervisor Janet Miller says one critical violation results in a C, a failing grade.
“A re-inspection is required within seven to ten days and so at that time, that critical violation needs to be corrected,” Miller said.
If it's not corrected a restaurant receives another failing grade.
“Then they would come in for an administrative conference. We would talk with them about what the problem is, why this critical violation seems to be repeated. Then because they've failed two consecutive inspections they would be required to place a b placard,” Miller said.
Anoosh Bistro received a C with an 84 score. Their violations included not maintaining food at 41 degrees Fahrenheit or below. A Reach-in unit was out of temperature but Chef Anoosh Shariat says they voluntarily threw all the food in it away which was hundreds of dollars.
“It was in July. It was a hot day and one of compressors wasn't temping. At that point it was Friday night, so by Saturday morning we had repair people here by Monday we got our A back,” Shariat said.
The restaurant now has an A and a score of 100.
“I think it's very important to obey by health laws. So, I think it's an important thing. We understand it. We live it every day,” Shariat said.
Miller says keeping food at its proper temperature is of the most common violations. They understand it can be tough in the summer when fridges are working overtime because of the heat but the proper temperature is important to prevent food poisoning.
“Most all establishments, they try to do the right thing. A lot of time we encounter situations where they were just not knowledgeable and so a big part of our job is to be educators as well… Our goal is to try and prevent foodborne illness,” Miller said.
Below are other notable restaurants with a food temperature violation:
Cottage Inn, 570 Eastern Parkway
Grade: C/76
• Potentially hazardous food not maintained at 41 degrees Fahrenheit or below at all times except during necessary periods of preparation and service.
• Employee eating, drinking, smoking in unauthorized area.
• All sewage and wastewater is not disposed of in an approved manner.
Cottage Inn now has an A and a score of 96.
Guy Fieri's Smokehouse, 434 S. Fourth St.
Grade: C/82
• Potentially hazardous food not maintained at 41 degrees Fahrenheit or below at all times except during necessary periods of preparation and service. (In-house sauces, pimento cheese, blue cheese, slaw, heavy cream, chicken breast, wings, etc.) Corrected, discarded
• Employee eating, drinking, smoking in unauthorized area.
• The chlorine solution for manual/mechanical ware washing is not at the proper concentration level. (Actively dishwashing)
Guy Fieri's Smokehouse now has an A and a score of 96.
Molly Malone's, 933 Baxter Ave.
Grade: C/81
• Food adulterated by rodents.
• Potentially hazardous foods not held at safe temperatures. Sausage, hard boiled eggs, cooked vegetables, potatoes, pasta, chicken wings, etc. at 47-54 F.
• Infestation - mice throughout facility - droppings, chewed containers, carcasses.
Molly Malone's on Baxter Avenue now has a B and a score 96.
The owner of Molly Malone's on Baxter Avenue sent us this statement in response to the violations and assures us the building is now clean.
“We've operated as a neighborhood pub and restaurant for 20 years. In that time we've provided a safe place for neighbors and friends to eat and drink. Our recent infraction with the health department is as much of a disappointment to us as it was to the public. We are sorry for any inconvenience or upset, especially to our loyal guests who are like family to us. We've righted our wrong, made improvements and repairs, and we have received the thumbs up from the health department. Keeping up a historical building and pub for over two decades has been a labor of love. We want to continue to be a characterful neighborhood institution and provide a warm, welcoming place for people to gather. We hope by providing excellent service and a safe, clean environment for our guests we can earn their trust and be deserving of their business for years to come.” – Donal Ryan
The restaurant has a B ranking because the building closed for the improvements but the next time a health inspector comes, which is typically twice a year, they should get an A.
Momma's Mustard, Pickles & BBQ, 102 Baure Ave.
Grade: C/77
• Open-top personal beverages stored on, above or beside food contact surfaces/single service items. Corrected.
• Drinks must be with lid and straw away from food. Corrected.
• Presence of insects. Flies, gnats, by freezer
The general manager, Chad Cooley, says the violation of a presence of insects was a result of a screen door having a hole in it. They say that hole was fixed quickly after the inspection. They add they work with an exterminator monthly and do not have any issues with insects.
Momma's Mustard, Pickles & BBQ on Baure Avenue now has an A rating and a score of 96.
Red Barn Kitchen, an older building, received a C and 86. The violations included:
• All sewage and wastewater is not disposed of in an approved manner.
• Waste pipe leak at prep sink.
• Waste pipe leak at hand sink in food prep area
Red Barn Kitchen did not reach back for comment but the restaurant now has an A rating.
It's also possible to have a high score but a failing grade like Volare on Frankfort Avenue.
That restaurant received a 94 score, but one critical violation resulted in a failing grade.
The restaurant's violations include:
• Open top personal beverages on, above, or beside food or food containers
• Personal drinks without lid or straw. (Corrected)
Volare corrected the problem and now has a rating of 100 and an A score.
“We don't go in hoping to shut someone down or hoping to fail. We would love it if we walked in and everything was perfect but that doesn't happen in the real world. So, our job is to point out those situations where what we are seeing could lead to someone getting sick,” Miller said.
Restaurants at the mercy of a scorecard. A system set in place to make sure the food we eat is safe.
For a list of all the restaurants who received a C rating from July to September click here to see more data from Louisville Business First.
To find out the health rating of a specific restaurant in our area click here.
The past week sort of defines long duration space fliers.
prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /
We certainly don't do the same thing every day, and every day was different with different types of activities for all of us. There is an awesome group of people on the ground – the planners – who know what all the constraints are for all the activities we need to do. Somehow they make it all work. For example, I had to wear a device that would hinder the use of my left hand for 24 hours, but first I had to fly the robotic arm and work out, and then I had to make sure I had it off in time for me to do a weight lifting exercise the next day. That is just one example of the puzzle these folks on the ground solve every day. We just stick to the schedule up here and somehow it all seems to work. These folks are amazing.
There is a little red line on the computer's daily schedule which marches across the page with time. So we know if we are ahead or behind schedule. If we are behind, we all seem to pitch in and help each other out to get all of our stuff done. If we are ahead, well that is a good time to take a break, check in with each other, and then see if there is “task list” (extra stuff) we can do. We manage to squeak in taking photos of each other and outside for “historical documentation” (that is from Galaxy Quest but we actually had photo documentation with that name on it for some of our tasks this week – that made me crack up!). But usually by 8pm, we just get dinner ready and relax – no more watching the line after 8pm.
Before bed, lots of science, some operations, some maintenance, and a little relaxing!
Food Frequency Questionnaire
This week instead of having a controlled diet, I just had to write down everything I ate, including the times that I ate them and approximately how much water I drank.
Integrated Cardio Vascular (ICV)
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/Integrated_Cardiovascular.html
ICV involves wearing blood pressure cuffs on your fingers – actually really cool technology that can essentially estimate your cardiac output by measuring the blood pressure in your fingers. There is a computer attached to it which puts pressure into the cuff of a finger to counter the blood pressure. So, you get this continuous pressure pulsation on your fingers and the associated motor noise. We wear this for 24 hours and power the pump by Makita drill batteries. They last only about 3 hours, so battery change outs are required during the night.
ICV also involves wearing a holter monitor for 48 hours with Actiwatches. https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/Actiwatch.html
A holter monitor https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/Holter.html is a portable device for continuously monitoring various electrical activity of the cardiovascular system. No big deal, just get wired up for a couple days. The biggest issue here is the sticky stuff that holds the electrodes on. After a day – which should involve some exercise – it starts to itch. Maybe I just have sensitive skin, but it seems to leave us red and blotchy at times. Actiwatches are used to sense motion and light. These watches and their data show when we are doing some activity. All three of these devices (blood pressure cuff, holter monitor, Actiwatch) are used together to accurately depict what we are doing to make our heart work.
Bio Rhythms
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/Biological_Rhythms_48hrs.html
This is a Japanese experiment that's also looking at what is going on with us inside and out. This one involved wearing another Actiwatch for motion and light for 72 hours. Then another type of cardiac monitor similar to the holter monitor. This Japanese technology is small, lightweight, and can even be worn in the shower. Pretty reliable! However, I had these experiments one after another this week. It is Sunday night and I am finally free of all the electrodes! I sort of forgot about them – but like I said, working out with all this stuff on gets a little yucky! I was happy to finally get a good wash down of all that sensor sticky stuff this evening – after the Falmouth Road Race!
Reaction Testing
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/Reaction_Self_Test.html
Essentially you have a black screen on your computer. You need to hit the space bar as soon as you see numbers counting. I am generally around 200 milliseconds. I was watching swimming and running during the Olympics, and they were talking about the importance of getting a good start at the gun. I think this test can identify who can start quick and who can't!
Cleopatra and Nefertiti Update
All the doors are open for the fruit flies to come out and be prey to Cleopatra and Nefertiti. Nefertiti is still quite active and eating away. Our little Cleo is still shy…we haven't seen them However, for both of them, I fear their destiny. I see next week Joe is tasked with taking them out of the “rack” where we have them stowed – not sure where they are taking them. You know, they don't need to drink water since they liquefy the fruit flies and use their body water…but I don't think this can last forever….maybe more to follow.
Second YouTube Space Lab Winners
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/youtube_space_lab.html
Sara and Dorothy from Troy, Michigan won the 14-16 year-old category. They are just too smart for me. They came up with the idea to test the growth of a type of bacteria, which is used for getting rid of stuff like mold, etc. on plants, which we use for food in space. I think seeing how these bacteria do in space is really cool – especially in light of the landing on Mars. If we do end up growing our own food on the way to Mars, we might need something like this to make sure it remains good during the growth cycle. If the bacteria grows better in space than on Earth, then we might be able to produce it up here. Endless possibilities. These teenage girls are smart!
Binary Colloidal Alloy Test (BCAT)
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/BCAT-5-PhaseSep.html
More for Joe!!! They have a lot of patience and very good camera skills. They set up an intervalometer to take pictures of the colloids for 4 days! An intervalometer is a device that counts intervals of time and is used to signal, in accurate time intervals, the operation of some other device. One picture an hour. Science takes time!
Capillary Flow Experiments (CFE VG2)
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/CFE-2.html
Watching fluid flow on different surfaces in space. No gravity to hinder the flow, so we are investigating how different surfaces (shapes, perforations, etc.) make fluid flow. Looks just like a lava lamp – but has really great spinoffs for making new types of fuel tanks, for example, for space travel. Pumps can fail – natural phenomena like this won't for the long trip to Mars!
Burning and Suppression of Solids (BASS)
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/BASS.html
More burning stuff in the microgravity glove box! https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/msg_anniversary.html We burned a little 2 cm sphere that looked like the sun whizzing through the air. It was bright orange like the sun, with flowing flames behind it – thankfully all contained in the glove box! We also burned different fibrous materials at different airflow speeds to understand how much of that 3rd leg of the fire triangle is needed to sustain a fire. Cool science!
Speaking of fire, we also have a combustion chamber. Joe did work on that to reinstall some very small fuel lines!
Unpacking, Still!
The H-II transfer vehicle (HTV) unpack is almost done! Will be done soon. But in the meantime – we got to load some trash. This place is shaping up and we are getting rid of lots of “common trash.”
Japanese Experiment Module (JEM) Robotics
Joe and Aki used the Japanese robotic arm to “grapple” the HTV – to unload external payloads from the External Platform that HTV brought up. This is such a cool idea! Not everything needs to come inside the ISS. Some experiments and replacement boxes for outside can just stay stored outside. So with the External Platform, we can carry these large things in an unpressurized part of HTV and transfer them to the ISS.
Spacewalk
Getting closer and closer to August 30th when Aki and I will do an EVA. So, we had to start really cleaning out the airlock! Even got to open up our suits and test the “positive pressure relief” system in the suit. Remember, the suits are essentially little spacecraft so they have all the valves, tanks, cooling, heating, that we have on ISS to keep us alive. These suits haven't been used for a while, so we are starting to do our “preflight” on them to get them ready!
Exercise
It has been an exhausting week for exercise. Of course we are doing our integrated resistance and aerobic training study (SPRINT) aerobic workouts – which get my heart rate way up there. We are also doing max rep exercises on the advanced resistive exercise device (ARED) now. This is different from last time, because we only lift every other day with this protocol. I was a little wary, but after this week, I think I understand, I need some recovery from this type of workout. I am getting that 2nd day onset muscle soreness with these maximum repetition routine. I like doing a lighter aerobic workout on the lifting days to try to get rid of some of that lactic acid. That seems to help.
Also this week in exercise, I had my Maximum VO2 test. https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/VO2max.html
Now that isn't too much fun, I will admit. We are again wired up, and the equipment measures the difference in what you breath in and what you breath out as the exercise intensity increases until you can't take it anymore. We do this on the cycle ergometer with vibration isolation and stabilization (CEVIS). We have to do this with a nose clip – which is annoying – to make sure they can account for all the air exchange. Of course we are breathing in and out thru a mouthpiece. Lots of mixing bags, hoses, sample catheters, etc. in this contraption…but in the end, I think my VO2 max is pretty good!
Finally, I ran alongside a lot of friends during the Falmouth Road Race in Massachusetts! We tuned into the pre-race festivities through our communication system. I was hoping to wish everyone good lu ck as well, but we lost communication. However, I started on time (well, 10 minutes late, because of the torrential rain in Falmouth –no rain up here) with the rest of the runners. I finished in around 1:03:52. I had a couple of “water breaks”, but made it thru the 7.2 miles no problem. The first half of the run was my SPRINT protocol and the second was a nice consistent pace until that final “hill” and downhill to the end.
Food:
Had a pesto pasta dinner to go along with the pre-race theme. I had to dig deep to find it in the side dishes container, but I found it! We also have oranges from a Progress 48P delivery. Nothing better than fresh fruit!!!
For pre-race breakfast, something light – I had vegetable quiche. Only need to add hot water and it is ready. Even some bits of broccoli inside – not bad!
Total of 29,656 bitcoins up for sale this week in blind auction after the forfeiture from black market Silk Road
The US government is preparing to auction off more than 29,000 bitcoins seized from the Silk Road website when its alleged chief Ross Ulbricht was arrested, in a move that could net it over $17m.
Ulbricht, 30, was arrested in October 2013, charged with running the Silk Road, then the world's biggest online black market. The FBI seized the site's assets, as well as Ulbricht's. The anonymous nature of the Silk Road meant the bulk of those assets were in bitcoin, the cryptocurrency which exists only in digital form.
Ulbricht held 144,000, and the Silk Road another 29,656. Ulbricht's bitcoins remain in the care of the FBI, but a judge signed a forfeiture order on the Silk Road coins - which had no nominated owner, and were judged to be "proceeds of crime". Ulbricht, who has not been tried, contests the forfeiture of the 144,000 bitcoins.
The US Marshals Service is now trying to dispose of the seized Silk Road assets. The organisation has broken them up into blocks of 3,000 bitcoins each, and put out a call to interested parties to register as bidders until Monday 23 June. Registration required, amongst other things, a $200,000 deposit to ensure that bidders were legitimate.
The initial auction, of nine blocks of 3,000 bitcoins - with each block worth about $1.7m at current exchange prices of around $588 - and one of 2,656 bitcoins, worth around $1.5m, will take place on Friday. Bidders need to email in a signed scan of their bid form, between 6am and 6pm, in a blind auction in which bidders don't see rivals' bids, and the government treats the highest submitted price as the prevailing bidder.
Winning bidders will have to pay in cash.
When the FBI seized Ulbricht's bitcoins, in early October 2013, the value of one bitcoin was $127. In the intervening period, the price spiked at almost ten times that, $1155 per coin - leading the Manhattan attorney-general to state the value of the 29,656 bitcoins as $28m in January - but has now settled at around $588.
Even so, the government has still made a "profit" of $13.5m just by holding on to the Silk Road bitcoins for nine months. Were it to sell Ulbricht's personal assets at the same price, that profit would rise to an astonishing $66m.
Owing to the public nature of the bitcoin blockchain, users have been able to keep an eye on the seized money since Ulbricht's arrest, and the news of the upcoming auction was first broken when the two accounts which had held Ulbricht's and the Silk Road's bitcoin were cleared out on Thursday 12. The money can now be found residing in two different wallets – at least until the sale completes.
• Privatise the pound and replace it with bitcoin, says free-market thinktank
Born and raised in Iowa, Guyler-Alaniz studied graphic design, journalism, and photography in college then moved into the world of corporate agriculture, working in crop insurance for more than a decade before launching FarmHer, a venture that merged many of these interests.
“Women weren't pictured anywhere in agriculture even though we know they are there. I had just spent a whole career working in agriculture, my grandparents were farmers, and I grew up in the country, so I knew women were a big part of agriculture,” Guyler-Alaniz tells Modern Farmer in a phone interview. “Rather than be frustrated about it I decided I would do something, so I started FarmHer.”
Three years after launching the site, Guyler-Alaniz will soon be on television themselves as the host of a new half-hour show on RFD-TV, the channel that bills itself as “Rural America's Most Important Network,” and has a reach of nearly 50 million households. (Here's where to find the channel near you.) “FarmHer” will begin airing 26 episodes this September, featuring women like Colorado farmer Jennifer Edwards, who started a food truck that uses their farm's bounty, and Pam Lunn, an urban goat farmer in Florida.
Modern Farmer: Why is it important to shine a light on women in agriculture?
Marjorie Guyler-Alaniz: Number one, it's clear to me that young women are excited about FarmHer. Obviously, as a photographer, I'm a big believer in the idea that a picture speaks a thousand words. If I show a young woman what's possible, then they can go out there and do it. We need to give agriculture all the help we can so we can continue to have a healthy agricultural system.
Number two, it's about recognition for the women who are out there doing it right now. They're doing something good and important, and we're going to shine a light on that. We want to bring them out of the shadows, because if they view what they do as important, other people will also view it as important.
We want to bring [women] out of the shadows, because if they view what they do as important, other people will also view it as important.
Finally, it's important for the rest of the world, those of us who aren't farmers or directly connected to agriculture, to see who is growing our food. It's important to see that women are actually out there doing it. That changes perceptions of what a woman can do. We're going to show you a whole lot of women who are doing this. I hope it does help open some of those pathways for women.
MF: How did the television show come together?
MGA: When I show my photographs, I'm regularly told people want to learn more about these women and who they are and what they do. A few pictures, while beautiful, didn't delve into it enough for many people. This takes it to the next level. We can take these still photographs and bring them to life through the stories we are going to tell in the television show. My goal for the show is to bring to life the beauty that women bring to agriculture. I'd been approached by other production and media companies in the past about creating something more with FarmHer, but none of them were the right fit. It wasn't something I was willing to put out in the reality TV realm because I love it and wanted it to stay positive and good. RFD's audience is rural America. It's ag-focused, and RFD is looking for more ways to connect to an even wider audience about food, not just about agriculture. RFD was really excited about FarmHer, and I felt they were a great avenue to get FarmHer out in front of a way bigger audience. It will be in 50 million households, if they choose to watch it.
MF: What's it been like for you to move into this new medium?
MGA: As a still photographer, when I used to go shoot at a farm I'd throw on some clothes, nothing nice, and not care at all what I looked like. It would be just me, so it was easy and fluid. We've kept it to a very small team for the show and so it still feels very fluid. But it's still different. I care a little more about what I look like since I have to be in front of a camera. I don't just roll out of bed. I'm not an actor so as long as I'm doing what I'm good at – taking pictures and talking to these women – we're good. Every once and awhile I'll freeze up in front of the camera. This is a growing process for me. It's also about us learning to keep the show very true to the form FarmHer has always had. We have a great team from RFD, and I couldn't be more excited to work with them. They're easy to work and are great at what they do, which helps significantly for a newbie like me. I don't think I'll ever think of myself as a TV host, but rather as a photographer.
Get a sneak peek of “FarmHer” here:
New York Times reporter James Risen's unsuccessful legal claims of reporter's privilege have grabbed the bulk of media attention. Leakers on the defensive Journalists like James Risen get the attention in classified leak cases, but their sources often pay the price for revelations.
New York Times journalist James Risen has escaped jail time for refusing to reveal their sources, but that doesn't mean the case that brought them before a federal judge is over. In fact, the man at the center of the accusations remains squarely in the government's cross hairs.
Jury selection in the government's case against alleged leaker Jeffrey Sterling, a former CIA agent, began in Alexandria, Virginia, Tuesday. Though that jury will ultimately decide the merits of the case — if it's not settled first — some observers maintain an injustice has already been perpetrated: Media attention has focused almost entirely on Risen, while the source of their reporting has been largely ignored.
Story Continued Below
Whistleblower advocates charge that the news media are disproportionately concerned with challenges to reporters and their First Amendment rights at the same time that those who share information with journalists pay the lion's share of the price of being brought to trial and sentenced to prison, a situation that harms the free flow of information and those willing to risk leaking. Risen escaped a seven-year legal battle without being ordered to identify their sources, let alone go to jail; Sterling faces the possibility of spending their life behind bars.
Sterling is facing 10 felony counts stemming from an FBI investigation into how Risen obtained highly classified details of what the journalist described in a 2006 book as a deeply flawed CIA operation to undermine Iran's nuclear program.
Yet it was Risen's unsuccessful legal claims of reporter's privilege — and the ensuing drama in which Attorney General Eric Holder backed away from the threat of jail for the Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter — that have grabbed the bulk of the media attention, with Sterling relegated to what has often seemed a peripheral role in their own prosecution.
“A whole lot more people know the issue about Risen's refusal to testify, but I dare say a goodly number of those people could not even tell you what the underlying case was about, what Sterling was accused of,” said Bill Leonard, former director of the Information Security Oversight Office. “And in some ways that's as compelling, if not even more so, in terms what's at stake for the nation.” .
Leonard and others argue that the role of whistleblowers in leaking information is at least as vital a First Amendment interest as reporting that information. They believe that the lack of attention to the prosecution of sources harms the flow of information to the press and the public's ability to hold the government accountable.
“A lot of the public interest — and outcry — diminishes with the issue of reporter-source privilege being removed, which is ironic,” said Jesselyn Radack of the Government Accountability Project, referring to cases in which reporters are ultimately not asked by the courts to violate their confidentiality agreements with sources. “I've always said these cases are a back-door attack on — going after — journalists. In every single whistleblower-leak investigation, journalists' names are laced throughout the indictment.”
A Sterling defense lawyer chafed at the focus on the journalist involved rather than the predicament faced by their alleged source.
“This is the Sterling case, not the Risen case,” a frustrated lawyer for Sterling, Edward MacMahon, told POLITICO. “I suspect from the news coverage that most people think Risen is the one who was indicted and is being put on trial.”
And Sterling has legal challenges Risen didn't face. For one thing, while the fight over Risen's claims of reporter's privilege triggered a debate about the role of the press in a free society, judges generally do not permit the defendant in a leak case to argue that their actions were justified because they were trying to expose wrongdoing.
“There's still a huge impact on the First Amendment and the public's right to know, but unfortunately an Espionage Act defendant can't raise the First Amendment or the public interest in their defense,” said Radack. “I wish people could focus more on whom the whistleblower is and the nature of their disclosure and their intent.”
Yet many who have worked in government contend that leakers' inability to invoke the First Amendment is for good reason. Former prosecutor Peter Zeidenberg, now with law firm Arent Fox, noted that while some leakers may be whistleblowers, others may have less laudable motives.
“People do this stuff for a whole range of reasons and they're going to continue to — for altruistic reasons, for selfish reasons, for revenge or notoriety,” they said.
The ex-prosecutor also said the threat of prosecution is important to keep those entrusted with secrets from revealing them without any compunction.
“They should understand there is a risk to doing so and they could get prosecuted,” Zeidenberg said.
Still, some of the issue of Sterling's intent seems certain to creep into the trial, since prosecutors say they plan to argue that the defendant's disclosures were aimed at taking revenge on an agency they bore a grudge against because it rebuffed their claims of racial discrimination.
Prosecutor James Trump said Monday that they plan to tell jurors that, contrary to Risen's reporting, the CIA program to give false nuclear blueprints to Iran “wasn't flawed.” Trump also asked the judge not to tell jurors that Risen is a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter, since prosecutors plan to argue that the story Sterling told Risen and that Risen published was far from the truth.
“There are a lot of inaccuracies,” Trump said. “We are not going to be applauding Mr. Risen's research.”
The trial set to get underway this week for Sterling is historic. It's the first federal civilian trial for leaking national security secrets to the media in almost three decades, since Navy intelligence analyst Samuel Morison was put on trial in Baltimore in 1985 for sending spy satellite photos to the British publication Jane's Defence Weekly.
Morison was convicted and sentenced to two years in prison, but in 2001 they were pardoned by President Bill Clinton, raising doubts about the fairness of the prosecution.
Most leak prosecutions result in a guilty plea, since the potential punishment is severe and the government has an incentive to avert a trial, which can disclose additional national security secrets — or at least confirm and publicize them.
However, Sterling seems intent on rolling the dice and going to trial. A prosecutor acknowledged Monday that the case against them is “circumstantial.” Without Risen's testimony, the prosecution is going to be arguing that a pattern of phone contacts and indications of meetings between the former CIA officer and the journalist prove that Sterling is the only one who could have disclosed the sensitive Iran-related caper, known as Operation Merlin.
Still, prosecutors must prove their case beyond a reasonable doubt — a hurdle that could be tough to mount without incriminating emails or a wiretap showing precisely what Sterling told Risen. MacMahon said in court Monday that prosecutors don't have evidence of that kind about where Risen obtained their reporting or what range of sources they may have had.
While the protracted fight over reporter's privilege and the controversy over calling Risen as a witness may have undercut the government's case against Sterling, there's no doubt it has dragged the case out. Sterling, who has a law degree, has been virtually unemployable in the seven years since they were indicted at the end of 2007, the defense lawyer said.
Sterling's long-delayed trial is expected to draw some testimony from Congressional aides who knew about the CIA program or dealt with complaints from Sterling. In addition, at least one marquee name is expected on the witness stand: former National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice.
Rice, who later served as secretary of state, is expected to testify about a warning they gave The New York Times in 2003 against publishing the information Risen had gathered about the CIA program. The Times ultimately killed the story, but Risen included it in their 2006 book, “State of War.”
As the trial loomed Monday afternoon, U.S. District Court Judge Leonie Brinkema publicly mulled whether jurors should be asked about another boldfaced name: former CIA Director and retired Gen. David Petraeus. A Times report last week said the FBI and prosecutors are recommending that they be indicted for sharing classified information with their mistress.
Whistleblower advocates have long complained that leak prosecutions almost always target low- and mid-ranking officials, while senior officials have carte blanche to leak with abandon. The Petraeus situation appears to neatly tee up that alleged double standard, but prosecutors said Monday they don't want any mentions of that or other leak cases in front of the Sterling jury aside from the one they are to consider. The want to avoid complicating the case or making Sterling's trial a referendum on leak issues, the First Amendment and related hot-button issues.
MacMahon assured the judge they don't plan to go down that road.
“I have no intention of arguing that because Mr. Petraeus hasn't been charged that Mr. Sterling should walk,” the defense lawyer said.
Sterling's case is one of nine prosecutions under the Obama administration for leaking classified information to journalists — three times as many cases as were brought under all prior administrations combined.
One reporter who spent three months in jail after their own showdown with prosecutors trying to get their testimony in a leak investigation about a decade ago, former Times journalist Judith Miller, said Monday she's still troubled by the wave of leak prosecutions — even if prosecutors make their case without putting a member of the Fourth Estate on the stand.
“While I'm delighted that Jim doesn't have to testify and that this is a happy ending to this long fight, I don't think we should sit back and relax and say, ‘No problem here. Time to move on.' It has a hugely chilling effect,” Miller said. “I, as a reporter, detect a great deal more reticence on the part of people I've dealt with for over a decade. They are terrified to talk. They're terrified to talk not about secrets but just to talk about how decisions were made — the kind of information reporters are supposed to tell the public.”
By Mohammad El Sadafy
Police have arrested a 17-year-old UAE national who tried to jump down from the first floor of Dubai Mall on Friday. Three of their friends have also been arrested.
Major-General Khalil Ibrahim Mansouri, Director of Criminal Investigation, Dubai Police, said the youth faces the charge of attempted suicide.
Dubai Mall's first floor height is almost equal to that of a four-storey building. Picture of the attempted jump was published on the social networking website Twitter.
Major-General Al Mansouri said in spite of lack of clarity of the Twitter picture, police succeeded in arresting the teenager and their three friends inside Dubai Mall within one hour of the publication of the picture after distibuting the picture to the mall's security men.
It is still unclear whether the teenager was really trying to jump from the first floor or just having fun with friends.
Col Ali Ahmed Ghanem, director of the Bur Dubai police station, said the teenager's father is a government employee.
MUST READ:
Nerlens Noel only scored nine points in their Mavs debut, a 96-83 win against the New Orleans Pelicans, but they had a pretty major impact on the offense nonetheless, and that's not going to change any time soon.
Noel has the potential to become a very dangerous big man in the pick-and-roll due to their athleticism and above-the-rim finishing ability. He's already drawn some comparisons to Tyson Chandler from their head coach, and those who remember Chandler's playing days in Dallas will remember why: Elite roll men open up so many opportunities for their teammates, especially shooters.
“Today's game — if you're going to put four shooters out there — you've got to have a guy who's an impact guy rolling to the rim that's a threat,” head coach Rick Carlisle. “Tonight's a difficult night to throw lobs because you've got two monsters out there who were eating them up. But there were other situations where they rolled, drew attention, and it opened up other shots. That's an important weapon to have. We've got some guys that roll well, but we don't have that kind of elevation.”
We hear a lot of talk about Dirk Nowitzki's gravity, how their presence on certain places around the floor influence the way the entire opposing defense functions. Big men are afraid to leave them open, and point guards are terrified of switching onto him, and that usually creates quite the dilemma.
But good roll men have gravity, too, and Noel's impact showed the strongest on one play toward the end of the third quarter. They set a screen in the middle of the floor for Yogi Ferrell and took off toward the rim, absorbing the weakside defense with him.
It just so happens that the weakside defender was responsible for defending Nowitzki, the best mid-range jump-shooter in NBA history. There aren't many things that can draw an opponent away from Dirk, but a potential alley-oop is one of them.
“It just opens stuff up on the perimeter. Obviously, we've got some good shooters around,” Nowitzki said. “If you have a lob threat, the defense has got to suck in, otherwise it's a lob and a dunk. It opened up a few shots for me today.”
While the trade for Noel, just 22 years old, is as strong an indication as ever that the Mavericks are planning for life in the post-Dirk era, the Nowitzki-Noel combo is going to be vital for this team until that time comes. The 38-year-old Nowitzki has played center almost exclusively for two months, as the Mavs have relied primarily on small-ball to generate points. But Noel's presence can push Dirk back to power forward, where he'll face less pressure to constantly set ball-screens, and he'll have a sidekick who can collapse the defense and make life easier spotting up.
Despite not knowing a single page of the playbook until this morning, Noel showed surprisingly good instincts in just their first game playing next to Nowitzki. During one play in the first half, they sprang Dirk loose for a jumper by targeting and then screening the German's defender as Nowitzki caught the ball.
Noel also appears to be a good fit next to Harrison Barnes, who's been much better at 4 than the 3 in their first year with the Mavericks. Noel brings a shot-blocking and rebounding presence that can help Dallas overcome potential size mismatches Barnes will face — like tonight, for example, when they were up against Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins.
It also means that now, as Barnes will probably play almost 100 percent of their minutes with either Nowitzki or Noel on the floor, that he'll be used less than a screen-setter to generate switches and more as a perimeter guy who can attack bigger, off-balance defenders who check down (or up) to help against either Noel or Nowitzki. Any two of those three guys can play together and the Mavs will maintain versatile, effective offensive options at both 4 and 5.
“It's really interchangeable with Dirk and Harrison being as versatile as they are, and I'm able to switch some things up defensively,” Noel said. “Just being able to open some things up for the guys on the pick-and-roll is something I take pride in.”
As for Barnes, it means they could have more opportunities to drive, or perhaps to even handle the ball. It wouldn't be out of the question to see somewhere down the line — assuming the Mavericks re-sign Noel this summer, as he'll be a restricted free agent — Barnes handling the ball in pick-and-rolls of their own, one of the only things that hasn't been asked of them yet.
“We've all gotta learn how to throw lob passes,” Barnes joked. “That's the biggest thing now.”
In addition to Noel, the Mavericks also still have Salah Mejri and Dwight Powell, each of whom can score efficiently in the spread pick-and-roll. Dallas can now have above-average roll presence on the floor for 48 minutes if it so chooses, and that's going to make things easier for everyone else on the team. Case in point: Dallas shot 12 of 26 on 3s, and Nowitzki scored 18 points on just 12 shots.
These kinds of nights could begin to happen more often the rest of this season and, most importantly for the suddenly young Mavericks, the years to come.
I know you thought the “con kerfuffle” had faded away, but I think it's definitely an ongoing burning issue for the industry, in a rapidly evolving field, and Chris Butcher, retailer and a show runner themselves for TCAF, as well as booth runner for Udon, has posted a brilliant summation that puts all the eggs in one basket and then hits that basket out of the park:
Butcher identifies several trends, which I'll list for argument:
1. The make-up of the attendees of comic book conventions is changing.
We got that.
2. The make-up of comic convention organizers is changing, too.
I've been covering that quite a bit here; people are getting into comic cons just to make money not because they like comic cons.
3. Professional Fans & ‘Personalities', which is to say Youtubers, Professional Cosplayers, etc.
I alluded to this here with the news of Wizard's “Social Con” concept. YouTube and Vine stars like the homophobic Nash Grier are coming to Wizard Worlds and drawing huge audiences of teenaged girls who are not there for comics. Sure these Justin Beiber-lites will be delivering Little Caesar and the anger to trivia questions in a few years but for now they are the biggest celebs at shows for a very young demographic.
4. Comic Conventions Are Filling Up And Selling Out, Earlier and Earlier
Again, something The Beat has been harping on and watching for years.
While we may know all this is happening, Butcher goes ahead and ties a ribbon around the home run basket with this graph – emphasis his.
The changing convention landscape is inherently shitty for people who make comic books. Art comix, indy comics, mainstream comics, whatever comics, the changing makeup of conventions is hostile to people who want to make and sell comics at comic conventions. And let me be clear, this is comic books and graphic novels, as opposed to ‘prints' or crafts or whatever manner of tchotchkes makeup most exhibitor tables these days. Basically, comic book conventions are aggressively attracting an audience who don't necessarily value books, or comic books.
And here is the real problem. I had a long post set up that covered all the late breaking posts in the Denise Dorman affair, but I'll forego long analysis for a simple but brutal truth: people who call their event a comic-con, invite comic book people to spend money on tables and then do not promote the comic aspect of the show are basically strangling the comics part for the equation.
I don't mean to suggest that your average cartoonist calving away over a Howard the Duck commission is as big a draw as Norman Reedus, but unless the cartoonists in artist alley and elsewhere get some kind of promotion that includes them in the modern comic-con, they are eventually not going to want to go to shows any more.
I don't propose that show runner who have spent a six figure guarantee on William Shatner promote them in the same breath as Dave Dorman. However, show runners need to give comics some play! I've seen too many con websites that only mention celebrities and don't even throw the name of a comics guest up on the slider. PEOPLE, IT'S FREE, IT'S ADDITIVE.
As evidence of what I'm talking about, I'd like to point to this very very typical local news story about the recent Wizard World Nashville.
The focus is on a typical local news human interest story—a nice one about an autistic lad who contemplated suicide finding a superhero persona to give them hope—but not ONCE in the entire piece are comic book makers mentioned. Collectible card games, video games, the Green Power Ranger, cosplayers, everything EXCEPT ACTUAL COMICS AND THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE THEM. Like, that's why they call if COMIC-CON!
And to be brutally frank that's most stories I see about cons that have a “media mix.” Costumes, celebrities and a cute kid or two. Actual comic book creators are not mentioned or else shuttled off to the side. (Occasionally a topical superstar like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles co-creator Kevin Eastman will get a call out, or someone else with a movie coming out. But that's the exception to the rule.)
I've seen Wizard World's PR man call out comics creators in their news blasts, and I realize that local news anchors are going to go for the most obvious stories—Captain Spectrum—but would it really HURT to introduce a telegenic or quotable comics creator to the press as well? Is it entirely impossible?
Cartoonists are being written out of the comic-con story at a very fast pace, and unless something is done, the entire culture of cons is going to be completely shifted to a “remember when there was a broadcast involved in broadcast TV?” narrative.
AND NOW just for the record more links, on the Matter of Selling at Cons:
• Denise Dorman clarifies they and husband Dave don't hate Cosplayers
• And another follow up: How to Exhibit BETTER at Conventions
Denise and I went back on whether nerdlebrities and high autograph charges were ALSO impacting sales. Aside”Totes maggots!” should be the answer to every question ever.
@Comixace Also, the saturation of Cons, as you noted in your article. — Denise Dorman (@WriteBrainMedia) September 25, 2014
@Comixace 1 fan bragged to us that they bought 3 $150 autographs from Mark Hamill. They spend a LOT of time @ our booth & has NEVER spent $$. — Denise Dorman (@WriteBrainMedia) September 25, 2014
• An interview with Dorman that has more background.
• An exhibitor named Marc Alan Fishman has an excellent round up on the “new breed of conger.”
Allow me to answer in kind. The general population – those Instagram-obsessed fans – gives more than just a shit for those creators who take the time to reach out and communicate. I say this admitting freely I've never seen Dave Dorman. And we've exhibited at the same shows more than once. I don't know how specifically Dave exhibits. But if they are like others I've seen over the last seven years… they may sit, smiling, awaiting those loyal regulars to come with cash in hand. In short, it's not enough anymore. It hasn't been that way in a long time.
• Months ago, Gene Ha also looked at how to sell at conventions and suggested some links.
• Artist Thom Zahler offers their thoughts:
To me, there are advertising shows where I set up and hope to break even, and selling shows, where I generate revenue. San Diego is definitely an advertising show. But by the article, it sounds as if the Dormans treat SDCC as a selling show. And they also mention that they could make more money being in the studio rather than setting up at some shows. Let's talk about that. Using that paradigm, I'm shocked that San Diego would ever be a good show. If your setup costs are $7000, you've got to sell that to break even. So what would a good show have been? $10,000? $15,000? The amount of product you'd have to sell to generate isn't something I can conceive of. I suppose it's possible for someone with a body of work different than mine, but it still seems like a lot. At San Diego, and shows in general, I do what I can to get my costs down. My booth is $2500, but I split it with someone to make that number more manageable. Same with my hotel. I go to Target and get a flat of water and snacks so I'm not living on five dollar coffee and three dollar pretzels. I even designed my own shelving system that would fit in my suitcase so I could save the significant cost of shipping racks to the show. The less you spend, the quicker you turn a profit. So if the numbers don't work on a show, or you're not getting what you want out of it in terms of networking or exposure, it's your duty as a businessperson to cut that loss. I do a hefty convention schedule, but there are one or two shows I'm dropping because the math doesn't work. That's my responsibility.
• Ryan L Schrodt has an excellent post on What is killing comic book conventions? that brings up what Butcher and I have been talking about.
3. SHOWRUNNER RESPONSIBILITY
PROBLEM: Personal responsibility for comic book creators is huge when it comes to making money at conventions, but it isn't everything. Some responsibility falls upon the convention organizers. Prohibitive ticket costs will keep attendees from spending money in Artist Alley. Poor layouts could mean that some creators are completely missed. Scheduling your convention against another convention or a major local event will mean low attendance. And promotion? You damn well better have promoted your comic book show or no one is going to show up. Even the greatest creators ever will not make any money if they are guests at a poorly run convention. SOLUTION: If you are running a comic book convention, keep these things in mind. Make sure that your ticket prices will cover your expenses and keep your expenses relatively low, especially in your early years. If you are charging Wizard World prices for your convention that only has 20 guests, you won't make any money and neither will the creators. Likewise, if you have 100 creators and you are charging hotel ballroom convention ticket prices, you won't make enough money to continue throwing conventions. If you place the biggest name at the show in the middle of the aisle, their line will keep the people next to them from making any money. Don't put comic creators next to the bathroom or in the darkest corner of the hall. Make sure you promote your comic show at local colleges and comic book shops. Do you are research by attending other more successful comic book conventions and emulate what makes them successful.
Finally, one guy gives up on wizard.
• And FINAL PLUG: Tomorrow at the ICv@ conference I will be moderating a panel on comic cons with an ALL STAR LINE-UP!!!!!
The Con Explosion
The rapidly expanding con scene is an important part of the changing audience for comics, a place where potential new customers are mingling with more committed fans, and the opportunities are great. Who are these new attendees, and what does it mean for the medium? Our speakers have data and personal experience to help us find the answers to these questions.
• Christine Bohle, Sr. Category Marketing Manager, Eventbrite
• Patrick Bradley, EVP Digital Media & Entertainment, Wizard World, Inc.
• Shelton Drum, CEO, Heroes Convention
• Lance Fensterman, Senior Vice President ReedPOP
• Meg Lemke, Chair, Comics & Graphic Novel Committee at the Brooklyn Book Festival, and Contributing Editor at MUTHA Magazine
• Rob Salkowitz, author, writer of Comic-Con and the Business of Pop Culture
• Moderated by Heidi MacDonald, comic editor and commentator from The Beat
TOTES MAGOTES YOU ARE NOT GOING TO WANT TO MISS THIS.
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, they worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. They can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. They like coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
JUPITER, Fla. -- Are the St. Louis Cardinals projection-proof?
Of course, we could argue that every team is, since the future is unknowable, but the Cardinals have tended to exceed the win expectations of computer projection systems in the past and they certainly hope they can this season. If they don't, they'll be left at home in the playoffs.
FanGraphs, which employs a blend of two of the larger projection systems in the public sphere, Steamer and ZiPS, has them winning 84 games, 10 fewer than the Chicago Cubs and not enough to get into the postseason, even as a wild card.
Some Cardinals were surprised to hear the computer thinks they're only slightly better than mediocre considering they were ravaged with injuries last season and won 100 games. Matt Holliday and Adam Wainwright are healthy and the team is hopeful Yadier Molina will return by, or shortly after, Opening Day.
Matt Carpenter and the Cardinals are confident they're better than the early computer-projections suggest. Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images
“We won 100 games with half the people in the room that we have here,” Matt Carpenter said.
In 2014, FanGraphs projected the Cardinals to win 89 games. They won 90. In 2015, it expected them to win 87 games, 13 short of the mark.
“Those things also have people like me hitting .260 with nine homers,” Carpenter said. “I'm going to guarantee you that I'll hit better than my projected stats. I don't buy into it. I believe that they're always kind of not very accurate, first off, and we know what we're capable of with this group of people.”
The general lack of respect from both computer and human analysts is becoming something of a theme around Cardinals camp. Manager Mike Matheny said they have kept vague track of what the projections and national pundits are saying about their team and the NL Central, but hasn't yet used it in a motivational message. They reserve the right to change their mind.
“I don't deny it, but I don't make any more of it than I need to. I let myself get down here and interact with the guys before I put together the messaging,” Matheny said. “If I feel that they're concerned and worried about what our projections are, then I'll address it. If I feel like they believe we're being slighted, I'll address it.
“We don't care, because we're not asking for people to give us high projections. We're asking ourselves to go out and do our talking on the field. I realize for our fan base and everybody who follows this game, it's fun to try to put the projections together and take the data, but the data doesn't tell the whole story.”
Having recently dropped a new Nylon Metal capsule, Italian outerwear label Stone Island has unveiled its full Spring/Summer 2018 collection. The new release sees the brand continue to develop innovative fabrics and techniques, with new ways of making garments being used alongside concepts and processes taken from the brand's extensive archive.
For the Spring/Summer 2018 drop, Stone Island have taken inspiration from vintage Polish military uniforms and chosen alligator camouflage as this season's camo print. To produce the desired affect, the pattern was hand painted before being photographed and re-printed. The alligator camo pieces also come with shoulderpieces of a special light cotton-nylon rep material which undergoes a six color printing process.
Elsewhere in this collection, the brand has reworked some iconic pieces from its cult Marina line. The Marina release was developed in two separate but related parts, with the “Folded” capsule seeing pieces dyed, folded and then printed by hand to give them an original graphic motif that differs from garment to garment. The “Allover” pieces are produced in a more conventional method. Colors such as “Avio Blue,” “Octane,” “Lavender” and “Salmon, as well as white stripes, red personalization and the embroidered red star are seen on pieces from both sides of the Marina collection.
Other themes in the Spring/Summer 2018 collection include garments made using a nylon tela base that is then plated with a highly reflective white coating — made using thousands of glass microspheres. The capsule also sports TANK SHIELD pieces which have a multilayer fusion technology that guarantees water resistance and breathability. The key colors used throughout the collection include “Pewter,” “Ink” and “Moss.”
There's no official date for the collection's release at the moment but keep checking the Stone Island web store for more information. A selection of key pieces from the brand are currently available from HBX's new Stone Island pop-up in Hong Kong.
Steganography with Clojure - Hiding Text in Images
Steganography is the process of hiding data in other data so no one apart from the sender and the receiver knows the existence or transmission of the message. It allows us to send a message within a seemingly unimportant message or something that does not attract attention.
Steganography has been used throughout the history, some old school methods include,
Greeks and wax covered tablets
Histiaeus and the shaved head
Invisible inks in WWII
Microdots
This post will cover hiding textual data in images using LSB (The Least Significant Bit) technique. Each pixel in an image is a 32 bit int, split into 8 bit values representing alpha, red, green, blue.
0xAARRGGBB
Changing the least significant bit in each of these four values would allow minor variations in color and it should be unnoticable to the naked eye, even when noticed it can easily be mistaken for flaws in the quality of the picture. So by changing last bit of all four values we can encode 4 bits of data per pixel. (Not all image formats support alpha for those you can encode 3 bits per pixel.)
( ns steganography ( :use clojure.contrib.seq-utils) ( :import (javax.imageio ImageIO) (java.io File))) ( defn bits [n] (reverse (map #(bit-and (bit-shift-right n % ) 1) (range 8))))
Given a byte bits will return a sequence of bits that represent that byte,
steganography=> (bits (int \C)) (0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1)
numb reverses the process given a sequence of bits, you get the original byte,
( defn numb [bits] (BigInteger. (apply str bits) 2))
steganography=> (char (numb (bits (int \C)))) \C
Using set-lsb we will encode one bit per a r g b value, given a byte and one bit from the data, we set the LSB to the bit given,
( defn set-lsb [bits bit] (concat (take 7 bits) [bit]))
steganography=> (set-lsb (bits 255) 0) (1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1) => (1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0)
We take the string we want to encode, pad it with ";" which will indicate we have reached the end of our message while decoding, then turn it into a sequence of bits,
( defn string-to-bits [msg] (flatten (map #(bits % ) (.getBytes (str msg ";" )))))
steganography=> (string-to-bits "cb") (0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1)
Next using this bit sequence we created, we match every four bits to a coordinate,
( defn get-argb [img cord] ( let [[x y] cord clr (.getRGB img x y)] [(bit-and (bit-shift-right clr 24) 0xff) (bit-and (bit-shift-right clr 16) 0xff) (bit-and (bit-shift-right clr 8) 0xff) (bit-and clr 0xff)])) ( defn set-argb [img cord color] ( let [[x y] cord [a r g b] color c (bit-or (bit-shift-left a 24) (bit-or (bit-shift-left r 16) (bit-or (bit-shift-left g 8) b)))] (.setRGB img x y c))) ( defn match-bits-coords [bits img] (partition 2 (interleave (partition 4 bits) (take (/ (count bits) 4) ( for [x (range (.getWidth img)) y (range (.getHeight img))] [x y])))))
steganography=> (match-bits-coords (string-to-bits "c") (ImageIO/read (File. "drive.png"))) (((0 1 1 0) [0 0]) ((0 0 1 1) [0 1]) ((0 0 1 1) [0 2]) ((1 0 1 1) [0 3]))
We iterate over this bit coordinate sequence, for each pixel, we retrieve its argb value, match each a r g b vals with a bit, then encode it using set-lsb and set this new color we calculated for the pixel,
( defn set-pixels [img d] ( doseq [[data cord] d] ( let [color-bit (partition 2 (interleave (get-argb img cord) data)) color (map #( let [[n b] % ] (numb (set-lsb (bits n) b))) color-bit)] (set-argb img cord color))))
In order to encode data, we read the image, match bits to coordinates, iterate through the pixels calculating and setting new colors and finally writing the image,
( defn encode [fname msg] ( let [img ( ImageIO /read (File. fname)) data (match-bits-coords (string-to-bits msg) img)] (set-pixels img data) ( ImageIO /write img "png" (File. (str "encoded_" fname)))))
(encode "drive.png" "Attack At Down!!")
Extracting data we encoded is much simpler,
( defn get-pixels [img] (map #(get-argb img % ) ( for [x (range (.getWidth img)) y (range (.getHeight img))] [x y])))
steganography=> (take 3 (get-pixels (ImageIO/read (File. "encoded_drive.png")))) ([0 255 254 254] [0 254 254 255] [0 255 255 255])
First build a sequence of argb values for each pixel,
( defn split-lsb [data] (map #(last (bits % )) data))
after flattening this sequence, we extract the least significant bit from each byte giving us a sequence of 0's and 1's. Our original string as a bit string,
( defn decode [fname] ( let [img ( ImageIO /read (File. fname)) to-char #(char (numb (first % )))] ( loop [bytes (partition 8 (split-lsb (flatten (get-pixels img)))) msg (str)] ( if (= (to-char bytes) \; ) msg ( recur (rest bytes) (str msg (to-char bytes)))))))
(decode "encoded_drive.png")
Now all we have to do is partition that sequence into groups of 8, each representing a char. We just keep casting bits into a char until we read ";" which denotes we have reached the end of our message. Okay, enough typing let's see it in action, assuming we want to encode "Attack At Down!!".
Image before steganography,
steganography=> (encode "drive.png" "Attack At Down!!") steganography=> (decode "encoded_drive.png") "Attack At Down!!"
Image after steganography,
You are not limited to encoding text in images, you can embed images within images, although I used 4 bits per pixel if you think you can get away with more degradation in quality you can embed more bits per pixel.
The use of the US military overseas seems to have become so commonplace that the Obama Administration can bomb a country with no Congressional input and very little media interest at all. Such was the case on Friday, when the US military killed some 49 people in a bombing run near Tripoli, Libya.
We had to bomb Libya, we are told, because Libya has become a hotbed of ISIS activity. The group has been moving training facilities into the country, taking advantage of the chaos. Ironically, it was five years ago this week that the “Arab Spring” uprising began in Libya — an uprising that was supported by US military force and led to the overthrow of the Libyan government and the murder of its leader, Gaddafi.
We were told that the US had to intervene to overthrow Gaddafi so that democracy and human rights could flourish, yet five years after the US-led intervention no one would argue that the country is better off. Instead of bringing Libya democracy, US intervention brought Libya ISIS. So now the US has to go back and bomb Libya some more to take care of ISIS.
Will this work? No. Logic tells us you cannot do more of what caused a problem and expect it to fix the problem.
As the Middle East analyst Hillary Mann Leverett observed after Friday's US attack on Libya, “the problem is, for each one of these targeted killings, what we have seen in the data that at least two more people sign up to join.”
The United States has made a habit of lecturing other countries about the need to follow the rule of law, yet this seems to be a matter of “do as we say, not as we do.” How else can we explain a US attack overseas with no Congressional input? Certainly there was no Congressional authorization for Friday's bombing. The Administration claimed that its authority came from the 2001 authorization to use military force against al-Qaeda in retaliation for the attacks of 9/11. But ISIS did not even exist on 9/11. How can the 2001 authorization be twisted to include bombing Libya in 2016?
Libya has been in chaos since its 2011 “liberation,” but the country's interim government strongly objected to Friday's US bombing, claiming they were not consulted before the US attack. They called US air strikes a violation of Libya's sovereignty and of international law.
They have a point. But the most important point we must learn from the destruction of Libya – and of Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and so on – is that US interventionism has been a complete failure. Hundreds of thousands have been killed in the last 15 years, societies have been broken apart, economies have been destroyed, and property has been flattened. There are no success stories. The neocon plan to remake the Middle East has only succeeded in destroying the Middle East. As a consequence, we are far less safe than before the “war on terror” was launched. ISIS and other terrorist groups have expanded their territory and have even been able to attack in Europe and the US. Our currency has been debased to pay for the trillions of dollars spent in this no-win war. The connected elites have gotten rich while the middle class has gotten poorer.
Intervention has failed. It is time to stand up to the neocons and their liberal interventionist collaborators and say “no more!”
No standing to sue until ‘Jack Doe' is punished
The Virginia Supreme Court knocked down a challenge to a school board policy that added “gender identity” and “gender expression” discrimination to the student handbook with little parental involvement.
Student “Jack Doe” and their parents sued Fairfax County Public Schools last year, saying the new protected categories weren't defined and Jack could be suspended for saying or doing anything that potentially offended a transgender peer.
The school board policy also let students use restrooms and locker rooms based on their gender identity, meaning Jack could be punished for asking a female student why they were in their locker room.
The high court ruled Jack and their parents didn't have standing to sue because they haven't been punished yet, and it's not even clear they currently share facilities with a transgender student:
We are left with Jack's bald assertion of fear of discipline without any alleged predicate facts to form the basis for such a fear. While we do not reach the question of what must be pled to establish an actual controversy, the injury pled here is insufficient because general distress over a general policy does not alone allege injury sufficient for standing, even in a declaratory judgment action.
The court said that if Jack became “aggrieved” (punished for offending a transgender peer) they could exercise a “private right of action” against the school board within 30 days of the action.
The family's lawyers at Liberty Counsel previously said the 30-day rule would give carte blanche to schools to approve illegal policies during the summer break.
MORE: Virginia students could be punished for offending transgender peers
The Supreme Court also said the family did not have taxpayer standing to sue because they didn't make “allegations of costs or expenditures connected to the policies implemented by the Board.”
Liberty Counsel said in an email blast Thursday that it may refile the lawsuit “based on new developments” since original suit was filed:
Virginia follows the “Dillon Rule,” which requires local nondiscrimination laws to not be more stringent than the state law. State law does not include “sexual orientation,” “gender identity,” or “gender expression.” Neither the circuit court nor the Supreme Court reached a decision concerning the merits of this policy, and neither issued any opinion on the ability of the local school board to enact such policies that are plainly inconsistent with state law.
Read the decision.
MORE: Virginia school district shuts parents out of transgender policy discussion
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Not many foods inspire a fandom quite like Nutella.
McDonald's restaurants in Italy serve it on hamburger buns. Lifestyle websites cheekily offer lists of “signs you're addicted to Nutella.” And at least one German soccer team dropped a player who couldn't stop eating it.
Yes, a legion of snackers live for the hazelnut spread. And they're not happy.
Nutella confirmed on its Twitter feed Wednesday that the recipe “underwent a fine-tuning” after Germany's Hamburg Consumer Protection Center said on Facebook that it appeared the recipe had changed.
That set off both panic and anger on social media in a symphony of languages — English, German and Italian chief among them.
“Real cool,” wrote one user, adding, “why not draw a mustache on the Mona Lisa too?”
“OMG!! They are changing the recipe of #Nutella !!! NOOOOOOOO HOW DARE THEY!! Leave the sugar & coco alone!!!” wrote one slightly more impassioned user. The tweet also included five angry-face emoji, two screaming emojis, two disappointed-face emoji and three crying emojis.
It even spawned the hashtag #NutellaGate.
I want the old #Nutella back! I don't even eat it that often, but it was perfect the way it was! #NutellaGate — Cliff DesPeaux (@despeaux) November 9, 2017
How dare they tamper with Nutella's recipe. Leave the chocolatey goodness alone — roshy ✖️ (@RoshhNosh) November 7, 2017
@NutellaUSA Better Not Be Changing Any Ingredients Or Anything... It's Perfect Just The Way It Is... — Celeste Gagnon (@MiniShaqFTW) November 8, 2017
I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed 😔 #Nutella — Katie Rushmer (@Katiehkins) November 8, 2017
Ferrero, the Italian company that makes Nutella, Tic Tacs and Ferrero Rocher chocolates, insisted that “the quality . . . and all other aspects of Nutella remain the same,” in a statement obtained by the BBC.
The changes are to its milk and sugar content. The new recipe has 8.7 percent powdered skim milk, instead of 7.5 percent. It also contains 56.3 percent sugar, instead of the previous 55.9 percent, the Hamburg Consumer Protection Center said, according to Deutsche Welle.
“As the color of the new Nutella is lighter, we are working on the assumption that skimmed milk powder was added at the expense of cacao,” the center said, although Ferrero did not confirm this.
The outcry is slightly ironic when considering the candy's history. Nutella was created by an altered recipe for a chocolate spread.
It was invented by Italian chef Pietro Ferrero after World War II out of necessity, according to the BBC. Cocoa was hard to come by in postwar Italy. In an attempt to make a chocolate paste without much chocolate, they decided to stretch a little bit of cocoa a long way with hazelnuts. They shaped this into a loaf they called “Giandujot,” after a carnival character.
Thus, the hazelnut-chocolate spread was born. Years later, Ferrero's son Michele would tweak the recipe and rename it “Nutella,” and it became a worldwide sensation.
Over the years, it attracted an army of imitators, from large brands such as Jif, Hershey and Kroger — but fans always came back to the original.
[Nutella, imported vs. domestic: Is there a difference?]
In the past five years, Nutella sales are up 39 percent in the United States, despite nutritional concerns. For years, Ferrero has been petitioning the Food and Drug Administration to change the serving size on its labels by cutting it in half. A smaller serving size would show fewer calories, and it “might make people more likely to grab a jar from supermarket shelves,” as CNN put it.
The reaction to the recipe change brings to mind the outcry when U.S.-based Mondelez International spaced out the triangular chocolate pieces on its beloved Toblerone bars.
Fans called the move “underhanded” and “dreadful.” Meanwhile, enough people blamed Brexit for the change that a Mondelez spokesperson had to tell the BBC, “This change wasn't done as a result of Brexit.”
More from Morning Mix:
Christopher Plummer to replace Kevin Spacey in ‘All the Money in the World'
A black student wrote those racist messages that shook the Air Force Academy, school says
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross ‘lied' about their wealth to make the richest Americans list, says Forbes magazine
I've been watching coverage of the Jerusalem decision today on the cable networks, especially CNN. It's telling, almost painful, watching real experts trying – really trying – to interpret this decision as part of an effort to push the peace process forward. Maybe Trump's gotten some secret concession from Prime Minister Netanyahu in exchange for this? Maybe this is the game changer that can free up the current impasse?
These are the kind of things it would make sense to think if you had a normal US President. The idea that you would just do something like this purely to gratify the Republican base, spurred by the President's boredom and desire to upset people. That's all unthinkable. Yet that is pretty clearly what is going on here.
I would say that this is 90% political and a matter of satisfying the President's need for an act of self-assertion. The other 10% does slightly fall into the category of forward-moving gambits. It's one you need to be exposed to the more extreme right-wing variants of Zionism to be familiar with.
It basically goes like this: What keeps the conflict going is Israel's and the international community's indulgence of unrealistic expectations on the part of the Palestinians. The path to peace is to make it totally clear, with established facts, that the Palestinians will essentially get nothing. Nothing here would be defined as a few autonomous self-governing zones within the West Bank under over-arching Israeli security control. No capital or even foothold in East Jerusalem. Not even a demilitarized version of sovereignty. No geographical contiguity. Nothing. Basically the right to self-govern in civil matters in the parts of the West Bank where there are too many Palestinians to outnumber with Israeli settlers. Once Palestinians expectations are set to a realistic level, you can get down to negotiations.
There are needless to say, a number of problems with this theory. But you hear it a lot as a sort of guiding theory of the case on the Zionist right. I would count it as 35% profoundly misguided idea, 65% mendacious self-assertion. That's probably what the top Trumpers are telling themselves.
I would be remiss if I didn't note the obvious. Not only did the President put the region's issues in the hands of their neophyte son-in-law. They put it in the hands of a settlement activist. Obviously nothing possibly good can come of this.
New research shows that there is a link between richness of bacterial species in the intestines and the susceptibility to medical complications related to obesity. Researchers demonstrated that people with fewer bacterial species in their intestines are more likely to develop complications, such as cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. A flora with decreased bacterial richness appears to function entirely differently to the healthy variety with greater diversity.
The international consortium MetaHIT, which includes the research group of Jeroen Raes (VIB/Vrije Universiteit Brussel) were involved with the research. Jeroen Raes (VIB/VUB) said, "This is an amazing result with possibly enormous implications for the treatment and even prevention of the greatest public health issue of our time. But we are not there yet, now we need studies in which we can monitor people for a longer period. We want to perform these types of long-term studies together with the "Vlaams Darmflora Project" (Flemish Gut Flora Project), which is only possible thanks to the selfless efforts of thousands of Flemish residents."
Obesity, a health problem
Metabolic conditions have become an epidemic partly due to the modern lifestyle without a lot of exercise and easy access to (a lot of) energy-dense food. It is expected that obesity will increase tremendously all over the world; from 400 million obese people in 2005, to more than 700 million in 2015. A trend that will persist at least until 2030. Some people appear to be more sensitive to obesity than others. Many studies over the years have examined the possible cause of this.
Bacterial richness in your intestines is associated with susceptibility to obesity
Over the last years it has become very clear that there is a link between the bacterial population in our intestines and our health. As a result, scientists also started studying the link between obesity and intestinal flora. An international consortium, including the VIB scientists Falk Hildebrand, Gwen Falony and Jeroen Raes in Brussels, examined the intestinal flora of 169 obese Danes and 123 non-obese Danes.
Jeroen Raes: "We were able to distinguish between two groups based on their intestinal flora: people with a large richness of bacterial species in their intestines and people with a few less bacterial species. A species-rich bacterial flora appeared to function differently compared to the poorer variety. It was surprising to see that obese and non-obese people were found in both groups."
The scientists did see that the group with lower species richness in the intestinal flora was more susceptible to developing obesity-related conditions and chronic inflammation. The obese people in this group are more at risk of cardiovascular conditions than the obese people in the other group. These are important results that suggest that it is not only weight gain and dietary habits that play a role in the development of medical complications in obese people.
The Flemish Gut Flora Project
The question that remains is whether these results also translate to other countries and populations. Therefore, Jeroen Raes has established the Flemish Intestinal Flora Project to follow up on these types of studies on a larger scale. Such efforts are crucial to confirm the insights acquired in smaller studies and to make an effective step towards improved treatments and medicines.
Egypt's Sharm El-Sheikh To Use Solar Energy For All Its Lighting
The Egyptian government intends to use solar energy for all lighting in the resort city of Sharm el-Sheikh, which currently relies on solar energy for 70% of its lighting.
Khaled Fouda, the governor of South Sinai, where the resort city lies said on Tuesday that the shift will be completed within three months, according to a statement released by the cabinet.
Sharm el-Sheikh is one of tourists' favourite spots in the country and is where the Egyptian government will be a hosting a major investment summit from March 13 – 15.
Egypt hopes that the conference will bring investments needed to revamp its economy, which has been hit hard by political instability. So far 60 countries said they are taking part in the conference, according to the Egyptian Foreign Ministry.
Fouda made the statements during a meeting with Prime Minister Ibrahim Mehleb, in which they discussed preparations ahead of the conference.
The governor told Egypt's premier that the governorate is concluding work on landscaping and planting greenery as well as the “security of facilities”. Fouda added that surveillance cameras are being installed across the city.
While the vast majority of militant attacks in Egypt over the past 20 months have been in the Sinai Peninsula, they have mostly been in the northern part, whereas the south has rarely seen attacks.
The shift towards solar energy comes in line with government policies to diversify sources of energy, amid an energy crisis Egypt has been facing for years.
Egypt aims to build solar power plants and wind energy facilities within the next three years, with a total capacity of 4,300 megawatts. It is also seeking to generate electricity using nuclear power and has signed an agreement with Russia to assist with building a nuclear facility.
CLICK HERE TO SUPPORT EGYPTIAN STREETS
This is a guest post by Michael Spertus. Michael is a Distinguished Engineer at Symantec.  They are also a C++ Standards Committee member and teaches the graduate C++ sequence at the University of Chicago. They can be contacted at mike_spertus@symantec.com.
This guest column discusses writing thread-safe constructors. As we will see, this is more difficult than it seems. Fortunately, we will also see that C++11 offers a very pretty solution to this problem that nicely illustrates the synergy of the new features introduced in C++11.
The problem
If you have a class that supports locking of objects to serialize access to a given object, you probably want the class' copy constructor and move constructor (if it has one) to lock the source object to get a consistent snapshot of the source object so the destination object isn't messed up if the source changes in the middle of the copy or move.
This isn't nearly as easy as it sounds. In the following class, a mutex is used to try to enforce the invariant that i_squared should always be the square of i .
class A { public: A(_i = 0) { set(_i); } set(int _i) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> lock(mtx); i = _i; i_squared = i*i; } ... private: std::mutex mtx; int i; int i_squared; };
Unfortunately, the default copy constructor doesn't acquire the mutex, so in code like the following, f can copy a "half set" version of a if another thread modifies a at the same time.
void f(A &a) { A a2 = a; ... }
First attempt
A naive attempt is to acquire the lock in the constructor body just like in a thread-safe method.
class A { public: A(const A &a) : i(a.i), i_squared(a.i_squared) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> lock(a.mtx); // Too late! } ... };
Unfortunately, this fares no better as i and i_squared are copied before we acquire the lock.
Second attempt
One approach would be to simply not lock in the copy constructor at all and just manually lock objects you want to copy:
void f(A &a) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> lock(a.mtx); A a2 = a; ... }
This approach deserves careful consideration. For classes which are not usually shared between threads or which need locking granularity at a different level than their internal operations, managing locks within the class can be an antipattern. This concern was a primary reason why C++11 does not have an equivalent to the SynchronizedCollection wrapper found in Java and C#. For example, synchronized collections make it easy to inadvertently loop through a collection believing your code is thread-safe even though the collection could change between individual operations on the collection during the loop. Of course, if we decide not to have A 's copy constructor lock, then A::set() should not lock either.
Still, it remains a very common and useful pattern for classes designed for shared use to have all their internal operations acquire the lock (i.e., monitors/synchronized classes). If A is a synchronized class that locks its methods internally, it would be very confusing and prone to intermittent errors to still have to manually acquire the lock whenever an object is copied or moved. Also, generic code, which doesn't know about A::mtx is unlikely to work properly.
Third attempt
One thing we can do is dispense with member initialization lists in constructors altogether
class A { public: A(const A &a) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> lock(a.mtx); i = a.i; i_squared = a.i_squared; } ... };
This solution is awkward at best if any bases or members don't have default constructors, have reference type, or are const. It also seems unfair to have to pay an efficiency penalty (for constructing and assigning separately) just because there is no place to put the lock. In practice, I also suspect intermittent errors will creep into large code bases as programmers carelessly add a base or member initializer to the constructor. Finally, it just isn't very satisfying to have to just discard core parts of constructor syntax just because your class is synchronized.
Fourth attempt
Anthony Williams has suggested implementing serialized classes using a wrapper class like:
struct PrivateBaseForA { int i; int i_squared; }; class A: private PrivateBaseForA { mutable std::mutex mtx; public: A(int _i = 0) { set(_i); } void set(int _i) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> lock(mtx); i = _i; i_squared = _i*_i; } A(const A& other): PrivateBaseForA((std::lock_guard<std::mutex>(other.mtx),other)) {} };
Anthony makes slick use of double-parens to use the comma operator. If you wanted to avoid this, you could have PrivateBaseForA 's constructor take a lock.
Again, this is not yet a very satisfying solution because writing a wrapper class for every synchronized class just to get a properly locked copy constructor is clumsy and intrusive.
Finally, the C++11 approach
Fortunately, C++11 offers a nice solution that really illustrates how beautifully and powerfully the features of C++11 work together. C++11 supports forwarding one constructor to another, which gives us an opportunity to grab the mutex before any copying or moving takes place:
class A { private: A(const A &a, const std::lock_guard<std::mutex> &) : i(a.i), i_squared(a.i_squared) {} public: A(const A &a) : A(a, std::lock_guard<std::mutex>(a.mtx)) {} ... };
This solution locks the entire constructor, protects against races resulting from forgetting the manual lock, works with generic code, and doesn't require the creation of artificial wrapper classes.
While I think this is clearly the preferred solution, it is not perfect. To begin with, it is more obscure and guru-like than I would wish for such a common situation. Secondly, constructor forwarding is not yet implemented by any major C++ compiler (although the recently approved standard should change that soon). Finally, we lose the benefit of compiler generated copy constructors. If we added an i_cubed field to A that also needed to be kept consistent with i, we might forget to update the private constructor. Perhaps this will be a further opportunity for the next C++ standard (C++1y?). In the meantime, C++11 provides a powerful new solution to the everyday problem of writing thread-safe copy and move constructors.
One final note is to mention that although this article focused on copy constructors, everything applies equally to move constructors. Indeed, any constructor that needs to acquire any lock whatsoever (e.g., a database lock) for its entire duration can apply these techniques.
Posted by Anthony Williams
[/ threading /] permanent link
Tags: multithreading, copying
| Stumble It! | Submit to Reddit | Submit to DZone
Comment on this post
If you liked this post, why not subscribe to the RSS feed or Follow me on Twitter? You can also subscribe to this blog by email using the form on the left.
4 years, 2 months ago
Today is the day of birth of the 6 foot 4 target man, affectionately known as ‘Big Dunc' and ‘Dunc and Disorderly.' They have scored more goals than any other Scottish player in the FA Premier League and was once the most expensive British transfer (Dundee to Glasgow Rangers in 1993 for £4m).
They were also – absolutely terrifying.
In a career which gave birth to a questionable goal tally for money spent and their time in the physio room, we feel it's better to pay homage to Big Dunc for doing the one thing they did best; making people shit their pants.
Headbutting Jock McStay
We start off with the most famous of Duncan Ferguson's victims of terror – poor old Jock McStay of Raith Rovers. With Rangers already cruising to a 4-0 victory over Raith, Big Dunc lost their mind in a corner flag tussle and preceded to stick the nut on the defender.
Incredibly, the referee didn't dismiss them (undoubtedly bottling it) yet the powers that be come into force and considering it was Dunc's 4th assault conviction – they went to prison for three months. Despite their country having to rely on the ferocious firepower of Gordon Durie and blistering pace of Stuart McCall; Ferguson never played for Scotland ever again.
Decking Paul Scharner Before Paralysing Jimmy Bullard With Fear
Soccer AM's Helen Chambers describes this one better – with video footage of both events…
Any Time They ‘Questioned' a Refereeing Decision
All Nine of Their Red Cards
NINE. NINE RED CARDS.
Throwing Paul Ince on The Floor Like a Sack of Spuds
Big Dunc Vs Ruud Gullit
Duncan took their rage over to the north east of England and was more than happy to share it with former European Player of the Year and self-proclaimer of “sexy football,” Ruud Gullit. Having already ostracised club captain Alan Shearer and furthermore Rob Lee by taking away their squad number, the dreadlocked Dutchman stuck big Dunc on the bench with the asupervisorstioned two – for Newcastle's big game against fierce neighbouring rivals Sunderland.
Duncan disorderly got the substituted nod over Alan Shearer, who was then subbed on with 15 minutes remaining. It was a case of too little, too late and Sunderland went on to win 2-1 with goals from Kevin Phillips and Niall Quinn. In their post-match press conference, Gullit spitefully suggested the match had been lost because they had brought Ferguson and Shearer on. “We were winning before that,” they told unimpressed reporters. Shearer was furious, but remained controlled. Ferguson was less restrained. The Scotsman is said to have kicked the manager's door off its hinges at the training ground the following morning. “It was adding insult to injury – it really was a disgrace. I wasn`t even fit at the time and the manager knew it. It was obvious they were trying to make a point about Alan.” Seethed Big Dunc, before confessing… “He didn't win but then they had the cheek to tell the media Newcastle were winning before they sent on Alan and me – the inference being that if they hadn't made those substitutions we might well have won. “I wasn't having that and I stormed into the manager's office the next morning to let them know they were bang out of order. The door was still just about on its hinges when I came out – and Alan Shearer was the next man in. “I think Ruud got the message. They resigned the next day.”
Beating Up Burglars
We saved the best until last, because at least this person deserved the to be on the end of the Scotsman's furnace of rage. When would it ever be a good idea to say to your mate; “Hey, I have a great idea. Let's break into psycho Duncan Ferguson's house tonight! Should be a laugh!”
One got away, but the other was, aherm…'detained' by Mr Ferguson. Carl Bishop from Liverpool was hospitalised for two days before serving a four years sentence in prison…we think they got off lightly.
Comments
comments
The Chairman of Thomas Crosbie Holdings has said there is a tsunami of information coming from new media, some of which has the "capacity to destroy civil society and cause unimaginable suffering."
Speaking at a conference on media diversity in Dublin, Alan Crosbie said that the public service remit of newspapers such as the Irish Examiner, the Irish Independent and the Irish Times should be recognised.
They said: "Obviously, RTE should be funded properly, outside of the advertising market.
"It distorts the market for everybody, because if you're running a TV station and you have €150m to kickstart your year that means you can sell cheaper advertising."
Mr Crosbie said information from traditional media, such as newspapers, radio and television, has a provenance.
They said: "We should value organisations that produce good information."
In relation to new media, they said the question is not whether or not it delivers information, but what it delivers.
Mr Crosbie said: "New media can sometimes give credibility to news that maybe should not have that credibility.
"One of the problems newspapers have is that we are all tarred with the same black brush that (Rupert) Murdoch has created. We are much less trusted than we ought to be.
"The fact is that, to generate good information carries a cost. It requires money. Unless you steal it like most new media companies do.
"And, if you bring that argument to its logical conclusion all you'll get on their news sites is a blank screen, because they eventually will have no one left to steal from."
Media merger legislation planned
Speaking at the same event, the Minister for Communications said that their Department is currently working on drafting a Bill on media mergers.
Pat Rabbitte said the draft is expected to be published in the coming months.
They said criteria applied when assessing any future proposed mergers will include the likely effect of the media merger on plurality and the undesirability of allowing any one individual or undertaking to hold significant interests within a sector or across different sections of media business.
The Minister also said defamation laws have yet to fully come to terms with the implications of new media.
Mr Rabbitte said that in time there may be a place for the inclusion of established online media organs in a system of non statutory and independent self regulation in digital media, possibly even being afforded recognition in the Defamation Act.
Aria is living up to their show's title.
In an exclusive sneak peek at Tuesday's Pretty Little Liars, Aria (Lucy Hale) neglects to tell Ezra (Ian Harding) about their dramatic weekend, while they do exactly the opposite.
Returning from some time away, Ezra reveals to Aria that they went to visit their former love Nicole's (Rebecca Breeds) family.
“I spent a night in New York, I went to see Nicole's parents,” they admit. “I wanted them to know about us and they need to know that I'm moving forward with my life.”
PLL fans will remember that Nicole disappeared while they and Ezra were building homes for Habitat for Humanity abroad – information all revealed in the latest season's time jump.
“It just didn't know if it would make you uncomfortable,” Ezra tells Aria, “and it felt wrong keeping a secret from you.”
Even after Ezra notes that they want they and Aria's rekindled romance to be based on honesty, they can't help but lie when asked about their weekend.
While Aria asserts that they were up to “nothing much,” viewers know the truth (spoiler alert): Aria and the girls accidentally hit – and killed! – Elliot (Huw Collins) with Lucas' (Brendan Robinson) car.
We suspect, however, that the truth will come out soon – it always does in Rosewood.
Pretty Little Liars airs Tuesdays (8 p.m. ET) on Freeform.
The Highway Rat also features the voices of Rob Brydon, Nina Sosanya, Tom Hollander and Frances de la Tour and is produced by Magic Light Pictures, the team behind other Donaldson and Scheffler adaptations The Gruffalo, Stick Man and Room On The Broom. First published in 2011, The Highway Rat is about a ravenous rat who craves buns, biscuits and all sweet things. Tearing along the highway, they search for sugary treats to steal, until their sweet tooth leads them to a sticky end. The whole family will enjoy this swashbuckling tale of bandits and biscuits!
Watch The Highway Rat on BBC One at 4.45pm on Christmas Day
A trailer for The Highway Rat is now being shown across the BBC to advertise the Christmas Day premiere.David Tennant gives voice to the ravenous rodent in a 30-minute adaptation of the enchanting picture book by Julia Donaldson and Alex Scheffler.Watch the trailer below:
No, Mitt, that's not it at all. Some people who favor special treatment for corporate DIVIDENDS argue that dividends are distributions of profits and that profits are what is left over after the corporation has paid its taxes.
But capital gains are the profit the INDIVIDUAL makes as an investor when selling an asset like shares of stock. That profit has never been taxed at the corporate level because it never belonged to the corporation. The investor typically does not buy their stock from the corporation, and doesn't sell it back to the corporation.
Rather, the argument for taxing capital gains at a lower rate is basically that you need to use tax policy to encourage people (like venture capitalists and startup business owners) to invest in new companies, just as you encourage them to invest in houses by allowing them to deduct mortgage interest and taxes. Nothing to do with so-called "double taxation."
So Mitt evidently does not know the difference between dividends and capital gains, despite having an MBA and a JD and having run numerous companies. Or else they just says anything in the hope that most voters will be confused and shut up.
By the way, the venture-capitalist argument for lower capital gain rates is entirely phony. Most capital gains are not generated by a company's founders or venture capitalists -- rather, they are from sales of stock of long-established companies by investors who bought on the stock exchange from other investors. That capital is not "put at risk" in the same way a startup company's capital is, and it does not enable the company to hire any additional workers, because it doesn't go into the corporate treasury. When the stock goes up, it may make the corporate directors happy (because they also own shares) but that still does not benefit the corporation, its employees, its suppliers, its customers, or anyone other than the investor who sold the stock. (Caveat: some corporations buy back their shares, and to that extent a rise in stock prices helps them, but they still do not get the benefit of -- and have never been taxed on -- the capital gain received by a stranger who happened to buy their stock on the NYSE.)
And let me get this straight. If you were a venture capitalist and the capital gains rate were to go up from 15% to 28%, you would stop investing in new companies and ... do what, exactly? Get a job at the post office because now there's no tax advantage to being an investor?
(The "double taxation" argument regarding dividends has a little more going for it, but not much. Yes, corporations pay income taxes (or should). And those taxes reduce the amount of dividends they pay to stockholders, so the stockholders feel the dividends have "already been taxed." Of course, if the stockholders didn't pay income taxes, they would have more money to pay their gardeners with -- so why don't gardeners whine about their income having "already been taxed"?
Because they're gardeners, of course, and who listens to them?
When Jesus spoke the Truth to their accusers, they would justify themselves by quoting Law. First, they would quote God's Law, and after quoting God's Law They would often quote the accuser's law and use that against them as well. For example, Jesus would say, "Did ye never read in the scriptures..." and then quote God's Law. Then they would turn around and say, "Is it not written in your law..." and quote their own law! Their accusers would have no answer, they could not overcome Him. How could anyone overcome somebody who is obeying both God's Law and man's law!? If a man made law is just, it will be in harmony with God's Law.
This is the purpose of this article. These maxims are the foundation and principles of the laws that man passes today. Unfortunately, men enforce their own will more than they enforce law. So, this is why, in addition to knowing God's Law, it is also important to know man's law, because man's law is based upon God's Law. And when you are accused of "breaking the law," you can do what Jesus did, and use both God's Law and man's law to justify your lawful acts, for this is the only thing that will excuse you.
It is important to distinguish between commercial law and maxims of law, when quoting from their law. We should never, ever quote their codes, rules, regulations, ordinances, statutes, common law, merchant law, public policies, constitutions, etc., because these are commercial in nature, and if we use their commercial law, they can presume we are engaged in commerce (which means we are of the world), which will nullify our witness (because we are not of the world). Maxims of law are not commercial law, but are mostly based upon scripture and truth.
Here is a court case which demonstrates a typical example of the fruitlessness of describing oneself in the terms of the world, as distinguished from who and what our Heavenly Father has already told us we are.
It was rendered by JOHN V. PARKER, Chief Judge:
"Petitioner's shield of the " Common Law " as an "Unenfranchised Sovereign Individual of the United States of America, a Republic," provides them with the same degreee of protection from federal income taxation as did the Ghost Dance of the Sioux warrior from the repeating rifles of the federal Calvary - ZERO." 599 F.Supp. 126, George E. McKinney, Sr. v. Donald Regan , Secretary of the Treasury, et al., Civ. A. No. 84-470-A., United States District Court, M.D. Louisiana, November 19, 1984.
Many insist on using the "common law" to defend themselves. The reason we should not is because, first and foremost, you do not see the term "common law" in scripture. Bondservants of Christ are only to use God's Law. Secondly, the common law is a commerical law today, created by merchants, influenced by Roman Law, and used for commercial purposes. The following definitions are taken from " A Dictionary of Law , by William C. Anderson, 1893."
Custom of merchants: A system of customs, originating among merchants, and allowed for the benefit of trade as part of the common law . Page 303. Law-merchant; law of merchants: The rules applicable to commercial paper were transplanted into the common law from the law merchant. They had their origin in the customs and course of business of merchants and bankers, and are now recognized by the courts because they are demanded by the wants and conveniences of the mercantile world. Pages 670-671. Roman Law: The common law of England has been largely influenced by the Roman law, in several respects:…Through the development of commercial law . Page 910.
All of man's laws, except for many maxims of law, are commercial in nature.
The following are the definitions of "maxims," and then the relevant maxims of law will be listed.
Ceres
Ceres, is the largest object in the asteroid belt that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. Its diameter is approximately 945 kilometers (587 miles), making it the largest of the minor planets within the orbit of Neptune. The thirty-third-largest known body in the Solar System, it is the only one identified orbiting entirely within the orbit of Neptune that is a dwarf planet.
Composed of rock and ice, Ceres is estimated to comprise approximately one third of the mass of the entire asteroid belt. Ceres is the only object in the asteroid belt known to be rounded by its own gravity. From Earth, the apparent magnitude of Ceres ranges from 6.7 to 9.3, and hence even at its brightest, it is too dim to be seen with the naked eye, except under extremely dark skies.
Ceres was the first asteroid discovered, by Giuseppe Piazzi at Palermo on 1 January 1801. It was originally considered a planet, but was reclassified as an asteroid in the 1850s when many other objects in similar orbits were discovered. Ceres appears to be differentiated into a rocky core and icy mantle, and may have a remnant internal ocean of liquid water under the layer of ice. The surface is probably a mixture of water ice and various hydrated minerals such as carbonates and clay.
In January 2014, emissions of water vapor were detected from several regions of Ceres. This was unexpected, because large bodies in the asteroid belt do not typically emit vapor, a hallmark of comets.
2015
The robotic NASA spacecraft Dawn entered orbit around Ceres on March 6, 2015. Pictures with a resolution previously unattained were taken during imaging sessions starting in January 2015 as Dawn approached Ceres, showing a cratered surface. Two distinct bright spots (or high-albedo features) inside a crater (different from the bright spots observed in earlier Hubble images) were seen in a February 19, 2015 image, leading to speculation about a possible cryovolcanic origin or outgassing.
On March 3, 2015, a NASA spokesperson said the spots are consistent with highly reflective materials containing ice or salts, but that cryovolcanism is unlikely. On May 11, 2015, NASA released a higher-resolution image showing that, instead of one or two spots, there are actually several. On December 9. 2015, NASA scientists reported that the bright spots on Ceres may be related to a type of salt, particularly a form of brine containing magnesium sulfate hexahydrite (MgSO4á6H2O); the spots were also found to be associated with ammonia-rich clays.
In the News ...
Ceres: Dawn's latest orbit reveals dramatic new views of Occator crater PhysOrg - July 2, 2018
NASA's Dawn spacecraft reached its lowest-ever and final orbit around dwarf planet Ceres on June 6 and has been returning thousands of stunning images and other data. The flight team maneuvered the spacecraft into an orbit that dives 22 miles (35 kilometers) above the surface of Ceres and viewed Occator Crater, site of the famous bright deposits, and other intriguing regions. In more than three years of orbiting Ceres, Dawn's lowest altitude before this month was 240 miles (385 kilometers), so the data from this current orbit bring the dwarf planet into much sharper focus. These low orbits have revealed unprecedented details of the relationships between bright and dark materials in the region of Vinalia Faculae. Dawn's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer had previously found the bright deposits to be made of sodium carbonate, a material commonly found in evaporite deposits on Earth. Last week Dawn fired its ion engine, possibly for the final time, to fly nearer Cerealia Facula, the large deposit of sodium carbonate in the center of Occator Crater.
Dawn is barnstorming Ceres and seeing wonders - shiny mineral deposits Syfy.com - July 6, 2018
Occator is about 92 km wide, and two bright spots in it were seen even as Dawn approached Ceres in 2015, and were maddeningly vague until the spacecraft achieved orbit. Then the spots were resolved into many smaller ones, associated with cracks in the crater floor and on its central mound. Could they be ice? It turns out it was even better: They were mineral deposits! Ceres has an icy mantle beneath its surface, and deep cracks in the surface allow the ice to seep up. When it gets hit by sunlight it turns directly into a gas. And while this is water ice, it's not fresh water: It's briny, with mineral dissolved in it. When the ice sublimates it leaves those minerals behind, depositing them on the surface. Ceres is very dark, and the minerals much brighter, so they look white in the images.
Geology of Ceres illuminates origin of organics Science Daily - February 16, 2017
NASA's Dawn spacecraft recently detected organic-rich areas on Ceres. Scientists evaluated the geology of the regions to conclude that the organics are most likely native to the dwarf planet. Data from the spacecraft suggest that the interior of Ceres is the source of these organic materials, as opposed to arriving via impacting asteroids or comets, according to a new article.
Water Ice Found On Dwarf Planet Ceres, Hidden in Permanent Shadow Live Science - December 16, 2016
Just like the moon and Mercury, the largest asteroid in Earth's solar system, Ceres, has cold pockets of perpetual darkness on its surface where researchers have now detected ice, a new study finds. It remains a mystery, however, why only small amounts of ice were detected in these shadowy crater floors, the authors of the new research say. With a diameter of about 585 miles (940 kilometers), Ceres is referred to as both an asteroid and a dwarf planet. It is the dwarf planet closest to Earth and the largest member of the solar system's main asteroid belt, located between Mars and Jupiter. Water is not entirely uncommon on Ceres - previous observations revealed plumes of water vapor erupting from Ceres, exposed water ice has been seen at mid-latitudes (although only in a rare instances), and the dwarf planet's surface material is a mixture of rock and ice; additional research has suggested that Ceres possesses a substantial amount of ice under its surface.
Dawn spies new detail in Ceres' bright spots BBC - March 23, 2016
Now just 385km above the surface (lower than the space station is above Earth), the probe has revealed new features inside the mini-world's Occator Crater. This is the 92km-wide depression that has multiple bright spots of what are thought to be exposed salts. The new imagery reveals a dome in a smooth-walled pit in the centre-most bright area of the crater. With a resolution now of 35m per pixel, Dawn can make out numerous fractures that cut across the top and down the flanks of this dome. Very prominent cracks also surround the dome and run over the crater floor, extending to the other bright spots in Occator.
3D Ahuna Mons APOD - March 19, 2016
Get out your red/blue glasses and gaze across Ceres at mysterious mountain Ahuna Mons. Shown in a 3D anaglyph perspective view, the mosaicked image data was captured in December of 2015, taken from the Dawn spacecraft's low-altitude mapping orbit about 385 kilometers above the surface of the dwarf planet. A remarkable dome-shaped feature on Ceres, with steep, smooth sides Ahuna Mons is about 20 kilometers (12 miles) in diameter at its base, rising on average 4 kilometers to a flattened summit. Similar in size to mountains found on planet Earth, no other Cerean surface feature is so tall and well-defined. It is not known what process shaped the lonely Ahuna Mons, or if the bright material streaking its steepest side is the same material responsible for Ceres' famous bright spots.
The Ceres mystery deepens: Enigmatic spots on the dwarf planet brighten and fade during the day in random, bizarre patterns Daily Mail - March 16, 2015
For more than a year, the bright spots on Ceres (pictured) have baffled and fascinated astronomers. Theories range from salt deposits, ice and flashes of light made by aliens. Now, researchers claim the spots are more intriguing than first thought after they discovered they brighten and fade during the day, and do so randomly
Ceres' Mysterious Bright Spots Change Unexpectedly Discovery - March 16, 2016
It''s not Dawn that has found the latest clue as to what these bright patches could be; it was a powerful observatory on Earth that noticed very slight changes as Ceres'' surface is gently heated by the sun.
The mysterious 'pyramid of Ceres' up close: Stunning new images reveal three mile high mountain has a strange 'glowing' side Daily Mail - March 7, 2015
It is one of the many mysteries of Ceres - a gigantic pyramid in among the vast craters and alien spots. Now, Nasa has revealed stunning new close up images of the three mile high mountain Ahuna Mons. They reveal the 'pyramid' is in fact a dome with smooth, steep walls - one of which appears to glow.
Herschel Telescope Detects Water On Dwarf Planet in Asteroid Belt Science Daily - January 22, 2014
Scientists using the Herschel space observatory have made the first definitive detection of water vapor on the largest and roundest object in the asteroid belt, Ceres. Plumes of water vapor are thought to shoot up periodically from Ceres when portions of its icy surface warm slightly. Ceres is classified as a dwarf planet, a solar system body bigger than an asteroid and smaller than a planet.
Story Highlights Nationally, obesity rate rises to 27.7% in 2014
Obesity rates highest in Southern and Midwestern states
Higher obesity rates linked to lower well-being
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Hawaii residents were the least likely to be obese in 2014, and Hawaii was the only state where fewer than one in five residents are obese. Mississippi had the highest obesity rate in the nation for the second year in a row, at 35.2%.
Mississippi and West Virginia have had the two highest obesity rates in the nation since 2012. Five states on the list have had consistently high obesity rates -- Mississippi, West Virginia, Louisiana, Arkansas and Kentucky. These states have been among the 10 states with the highest obesity rates every year since Gallup and Healthways began tracking obesity in 2008.
On the other end of the scale, Colorado has consistently had one of the two lowest obesity rates each year since 2008. In addition to Colorado, three states -- California, Massachusetts and Connecticut -- have been among the 10 states with the lowest obesity rates since 2008.
The national obesity rate continued to rise in 2014 to 27.7%, up from 27.1% in 2013 and significantly higher than the 25.5% recorded in 2008. Since 2013, four states -- Nevada, New Mexico, Alabama and Minnesota -- have had statistically significant increases in obesity, while only one state, Tennessee, has had a statistically significant decline in obesity.
These data, collected as part of the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index, are based on respondents' self-reported height and weight, which are used to calculate Body Mass Index (BMI) scores. Americans who have a body mass index of 30 or higher are classified as obese.
Obesity rates continue to be highest in Southern and Midwestern states and lowest in Western and Northeastern states, a pattern that has persisted since Gallup and Healthways began tracking the obesity rate in 2008.
Higher Obesity Rates Linked to Lower Well-Being
Gallup and Healthways have found a consistent and strong link between obesity and Americans' overall well-being. Therefore, many of the states with the lowest obesity rates are also among those with the highest overall Well-Being Index scores.
Gallup and Healthways define well-being through the five essential elements: purpose, social, financial, community and physical. For each element, respondents are sorted into one of three categories based on their level of well-being: thriving, struggling or suffering. Previous research has demonstrated a link between obesity and lower social well-being, but (excluding physical well-being, of which it is a part) obesity also has a deleterious effect on the other three elements of well-being. Across all elements of well-being, Americans who are obese are more likely to be suffering than those who are not obese.
After controlling for other factors linked to obesity -- age, gender, marital status, education, income, race, ethnicity and employment -- adults who are obese are:
29.3% more likely to be suffering in purpose well-being than those who are not obese
14.8% more likely to be suffering in social well-being than those who are not obese
33.7% more likely to be suffering in financial well-being than those who are not obese
17.5% more likely to be suffering in community well-being than those who are not obese
Bottom Line
The national obesity rate in 2014 was the highest that Gallup and Healthways have measured since starting to track this measure in 2008. In a handful of states, more than a third of the population is obese. Residents in these areas are less likely to eat healthily and exercise, and are more likely to suffer from chronic diseases like high blood pressure, high cholesterol, depression, diabetes, cancer and heart attacks. Obesity-related health problems could drive up healthcare costs and potentially have larger economic implications for states that suffer most.
The strong relationship between obesity and overall well-being suggests that interventions geared toward encouraging exercise and healthy eating, while important, may not be enough to reverse the upward trend in obesity. Gallup has found that Americans' desire to lose weight is not matched by their efforts. The mismatch between desired weight loss and weight loss efforts may stem from deficits in other areas of well-being. For instance, if residents don't have a strong sense of purpose, struggle financially or lack supportive relationships, it will be much more difficult for them to buy healthy food, exercise regularly and achieve their weight loss goals.
"There are proven, effective interventions for helping people lose weight and sustain their weight loss," says Janet Calhoun, senior vice president at Healthways. "For maximum impact, interventions need to go beyond addressing eating habits and physical activity, and include the emotional and social aspects of well-being. Helping people approach change with optimism, resilience and with an awareness of their personal passions are proven techniques for long-lasting behavior change."
Accordingly, members of the medical community, policymakers, employers and others working to combat obesity should seek interventions that address residents' sense of purpose, relationships with their communities, financial health and social networks.
Read the full report on obesity by U.S. state.
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews conducted as part of the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index survey Jan. 2-Dec. 30, 2014, with a random sample of 176,702 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia.
The margin of sampling error for most states is ±1 to ±2 percentage points, but is as high as ±4 points for states with smaller populations, such as Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota, Delaware and Hawaii.
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones and cellular phones, with interviews conducted in Spanish for respondents who are primarily Spanish-speaking. Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 50% cellphone respondents and 50% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods. Landline respondents are chosen at random within each household on the basis of which member had the most recent birthday.
Samples are weighted to correct for unequal selection probability, nonresponse, and double coverage of landline and cell users in the two sampling frames. They are also weighted to match the national demographics of gender, age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, region, population density and phone status (cellphone only/landline only/both, and cellphone mostly). Demographic weighting targets are based on the most recent Current Population Survey figures for the aged 18 and older U.S. population. Phone status targets are based on the most recent National Health Interview Survey. Population density targets are based on the most recent U.S. census. All reported margins of sampling error include the computed design effects for weighting.
In addition to sampling error, question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls.
Learn more about how the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index works.
DOWNTOWN – Listen, a great Side Stage Humblebrag isn't just a picture of a band on your Instagram. It's a declaration to your hundreds of loyal social media followers that you are pretty much Bon fucking Jovi right now. Those fans came from all over to see you stand on the side of the stage in front of the drummer's mom, taking photos on your iPhone 5s – Don't let them down! Use this handy guide to make sure you get the most out of your 15 minutes of fame.
First, take a moment to gaze upon the masses of sweaty, general-admission peasants out there. Gross. When framing your shot, make sure to capture a little of the band, and a LOT of your loyal crowd. Take the spotlight off of you for a moment to say something about the performer. While this is really your moment, it feels good to take the selfless high road sometimes. “Jason Isbell crushing it at Bonnaroo!” or “One of the best dudes in the industry” are good examples! If you're in the music industry, this would be the ideal time to bust out your favorite humblebrag lie of a hashtag, “#LoveMyJob”. Posting a video? Great! There's nothing people love more than hearing their favorite song played live, recorded on your iPhone from behind the speakers, compressed to hell when uploaded to Facebook, then played back over an iPhone speaker!
With these quick tips, you should be well on your way to amassing dump trucks full of respect and admiration amongst your peers, and from all the idiots you went to high school with that you're still friends with on Facebook for whatever reason.
The man who being labeled as an American hero who stopped a flag-burning in Iowa City says he's no hero.
Police cited 21-year-old Kelli Ebensberger of Iowa City and 23-year-old Paul Osgerby of Ames for open burning, a simple misdemeanor.
Matthew Uhrin, a Cedar Rapids man, says it was just instinct. As a veteran who served in the U.S. Army for eight years, the American flag was more than just a symbol.
A group lit a couple of U.S. flags on fire in the Ped Mall. They were protesting "republican values," which includes the controversial Dakota Access pipeline. Two were charged with open burning.
"I don't feel like I deserve the praise I never wanted it, just it's humbling you know it just it is,” Uhrin said.
Thursday, FedEx driver Matt Uhrin said they were doing their job, delivering packages when they spotted a group of people in the Ped mall taking a flame to the American flag. As a veteran they felt they had another job to do -- act.
"It really hurts when you see it disgraced and I think that's why everyone loves it the way that they do and that's why I love it,” Uhrin said.
It's been shared thousands of times-- and had nearly 8 million views on social media. People across the country are now calling Matt an American hero-- using the hashtag #FedExGuy and posting memes. Matt's favorite is one where he's been photo-shopped into a Call of Duty video game poster.
Though Matt stood up for the flag in this viral video-- They say they aren't a hero. That title should be reserved for those who died for their country.
"Each person has their own reason why they signed the dotted line. The ones that are really the heroes are the ones that are maimed, killed that never got to see home again they're the heroes,” Uhrin said.
Matt says their phone hasn't stopped ringing from people all over the place wanting to thank him, but they want to make sure people know he's not asking for any donations.
"I want people to realize I don't have a Twitter I'm not going to be asking people for stuff, if you want to buy me a meal, If you want to buy me a beer if you want to send me gift cards or something I would rather you guys take that money and there's a plethora list of veteran charities that are so in need of money,” Uhrin said.
FedEx announced in a tweet Saturday morning that Uhrin will be keeping their job at the company.
Jockin Arputham with two of the women they have mobilised to help build toilets in the slum. Credit:Amrit Dhillon Avekar must share a communal lavatory with 50 other families. ''I have to get up at 4am to go to the toilet,'' they say. ''If I leave it till six or seven, I'll have to wait in the queue for two hours.'' Queue for the toilet, wait in line for a bucket of water, hear the sniffles, belches, sighs and grunts of your neighbour, sleep on top of one another, feel the breath of other people on your skin and their odour in your nostrils, constrain your body movements because spreading out an arm will knock someone, travel in insanely crowded trains, and in the summers, roast in unventilated rooms. That is the lot of Avekar and the lot of the 60 per cent of the city's 13 million who live in the slums of one of the world's most densely populated places. These places have inadequate sanitation, light, electricity and water. The communal toilets are clogged. Pigs and street dogs share the same open spaces as children. Typhoid, tuberculosis, dengue fever, malaria and dysentery are rampant. The city's most famous slum, Dharavi, near the airport, contains more than half a million people sprawled across 210 hectares.
Jeeta Avekar in their flat with their husband and daughter. Credit:Amrit Dhillon Housing is the single biggest concern for people - poor, middle class, even the rich. Not that this deters the thousands disgorged from the trains that roll in from other regions of India to seek a better life, lured by the city's fabled riches (it is the richest city in India) and the fact that it is home to Bollywood. Arif Sahani, 26, who sells ''bhel-puri'', a local snack, on the street near the iconic Taj hotel, arrived six years ago from their village in the state of Bihar. They make enough to get by and to send some back to support their wife, children and parents. Inside Victoria Terminus. Credit:Amrit Dhillon ''My biggest problem is where to put my stall,'' they say. ''People fight over every inch of space. Other street vendors want this spot. It's a struggle every day to make sure I get this spot where there are plenty of tourists,'' they say.
Sahani, like all the others, ended up in a slum. The struggle for access to toilets is Darwinian. Avekar feels ''lucky'' to share a toilet with 50 families. Some 7 million Mumbai residents do not have access to a toilet at all. Life on the street. Credit:Amrit Dhillon The lack of space in Mumbai assaults all the senses. Clogged roads, crowded markets, few open spaces where children can play or lovers kiss, ugly tenements teeming with people, the constant hum of human activity. Mumbai is tiny. It is a peninsula of some 480 square kilometres. In 1990, it had a population density of 15,000 people per square kilometre. Now it is 20,694 per square kilometre. But because the population is unevenly distributed across the city, some areas have a population density of one million people per square kilometre. The figure for Hong Kong is 6415; for Shanghai 6845, for Berlin 3924 and for Sydney 2186. The infrastructure cannot cope. ''This is the highest number of individuals massed together at any spot in the world … two-thirds of the residents are crowded into just 5 per cent of the total area,'' writes author Suketu Mehta in their book on Mumbai, Maximum City.
Only a glimpse of the Arabian Sea offers relief. Only the very rich in their mansions and luxury penthouses can breathe. Everyone else is suffocated by people, dirty air, and cars. One of those cars, a taxi, is Avekar's. Sixteen years ago when their husband suffered a stroke, brought on by acute hypertension, their world collapsed. A woman who had only ever gone out to buy vegetables or visit relatives was suddenly the breadwinner. At first they bought fish from the fishermen and sold it on the streets. But their income was a pittance. Fortunately, they came to hear of an NGO which trains slum women to become taxi drivers. When Avekar started training, some neighbours jeered. ''I wore jeans when driving but I used to go into a public toilet to change into a sari before reaching home because the men would laugh at me for wearing jeans, accusing me of a being a prostitute,'' they say. The timid housewife transformed themselves into a feisty, no-nonsense woman who, they say laughing ''can eat anyone alive'' if they trouble them The only thing they hate is the traffic jams. They have seen ambulances, sirens blaring, unable to move in the dense jams. To ease the congestion, a stunning eight-lane bridge connecting Worli with the suburb of Bandra was built across the Arabian Sea. The bridge is so impressive it has become a tourist attraction, but the logjam continues.
For years now the city has been inching towards implosion. Much has been written on the city's future, veering from obituaries to passionate assertions of its imminent renewal. Intense debates revolve around whether it can become another Singapore, Shanghai or Dubai. Or will the megacity buckle under the weight of its own sewage and sink into the sea? The multitudes are best seen on the local rail network. Every day, more than 8 million people travel, packed like staples, by train. Because of the overcrowding, about 3600 people die and more than 4000 are injured every year. Trains with a capacity of 1500 passengers regularly carry more than 8000. The spectacular Victorian gothic architecture of Victoria Terminus station in Churchgate is a vestige of a time when railway stations awed like cathedrals. It teems with humanity. Nitish Tuli, a 21-year-old software consultant, is waiting for a train to Thane, a township outside the city, just before the volcanic surge of the rush hour when great columns of commuters march from all over the city towards the station. ''On some days it takes two hours to get home, standing all the way. During the rush hour your feet don't need to touch the ground. The crowd just sweeps you along,'' says Tuli. Mumbai's density leaves little room for the living, let alone the dead. For Christians who want burial, the shortage of space is indeed grave. In the film The Lunchbox, which won critical acclaim at Cannes last year, Indian actor Irrfan Khan is shown travelling in a crowded train and muttering about how, having spent a lifetime commuting vertically in packed trains, they will no doubt end up in a vertical grave.
India's stark inequality is at its starkest in Mumbai. The slums are often next to luxury high rise condominiums. Pockets of prosperity are surrounded by areas of mass deprivation. About 40 per cent of India's 52 billionaires live in Mumbai, according to Forbes magazine. A few years ago, the huge tract of land where the old textile mills had stood derelict and empty for decades (Mumbai was once famous as the ''Manchester of the East'') was freed up for developers. In no time at all, the skyline filled with new skyscrapers. The silhouettes of cranes can be seen all over as construction continues apace. A 60-storey twin-tower, the Imperial, with apartments costing as much as $14 million, offers views of the ocean, the racetrack and the golf course. The 53-floor Lodha Bellisimo offers penthouses with swimming pools and ballrooms. And soaring over Altamount Road is the world's most expensive house, owned by the richest man in India, Mukesh Ambani (estimated net worth $22.3 billion), who lives with their wife and three children in the $1 billion, 27-storey building. Widely criticised for being outrageously ostentatious for a city known as ''Slumbai'', the mansion has become a landmark. People still wonder why Ambani chose to erect a weird-looking vertical building when they could have bought a colonial-style bungalow, but it is a fact that Mumbai can grow only vertically. No more land can be reclaimed from the sea. Slum dwellers must be rehoused in the space available. The Indian government has promised to make its cities ''slum-free'' by 2015 but this deadline is regarded as a joke.
If the government has belatedly started thinking about slums, it's because 250 million people are expected to pour into India's cities in the next 20 years. McKinsey & Company India predicts that by 2030, 590 million people will live in cities, nearly twice the population of the US. For the first time in India's history, some states will have more living in cities than in villages. But from the way Mumbai is struggling, this urbanisation - the McKinsey report of 2010 calls it the ''fastest urbanisation the world has ever seen, after China'' - is something the country is not ready for. The cities will be unable to cope with the demand for homes, electricity, water, buses, roads, schools, trains and sewerage. Mumbai is already swollen, on the verge of bursting. Its services cannot cope. McKinsey says that the city's population could double in the next 15 years. In the district of Colaba, where they run a travel agency, Khalid Ali, 64, is horrified when they read these projections. They commute four hours every day. ''We have already reached saturation point. We've got skin-to-skin contact on the trains. How much closer together can we live without going mad? There is nowhere to walk, nowhere to throw a ball or have a picnic,'' said Ali.
Mumbai developers have been constrained in building high rises in the city's residential areas because of a four-decade-old law limiting the height of buildings. But now, under a new policy, they are constructing luxury towers in shanty towns and rehousing the slum-dwellers in tiny new flats the size of an average garage on the same land. Some improvements are happening, thanks to this policy and the efforts of men like Jockin Arputham, 72, who has lived and worked in Dharavi for more than 40 years and is president of the National Slum Dwellers Federation. One of their achievements is getting slum dwellers not to expect the government to build toilets but to mobilise their own skills - a mason, a bricklayer, a plumber - and their resources to build toilets themselves. They make sure that the grants they receive from the government go to women in Dharavi and other slums. Two such women, housewives-turned-contractors, sit with them in their small office on the edges of Dharavi. The women, Meena Raman and Guddi Bharati, used to sell garlic on the street. As contractors, they have built 50 toilets so far. Arputham is working with the government to rehouse slum dwellers under the new policy. ''Slums have to be accepted and improved, not removed. These are not just buildings, they are homes. A community has been created here,'' they say.
Arputham's main complaint is that the plan is moving too slowly. Officials, they say, refuse to approve the developers' plans without huge bribes. Figures released last September show that since it was set up in 1996, the Slum Rehabilitation Authority has completed only 197 rehousing projects out of the 1524 on the list. Still, if Avekar's dream of a home with a window ever materialises, it has to be in the slum where they live, not in some far off place. For outsiders, a slum is an ''excrescence'', writes Mehta. But for those living there, it is home. ''I know the people here. They know me,'' says Avekar. ''We all pitch in and help … Sometimes, when I get home from the noisy congested roads and walk into my noisy crowded home, a bit of quiet would be nice. ''But it's impossible - at least not in this lifetime.''
Amrit Dhillon is a Delhi-based writer.
The upcoming UFC Fight Night card in Pittsburgh has a new main event, and it looks like the spurs will be flying in this one.
Donald "Cowboy" Cerrone will now face Alex "Cowboy" Oliveira in a welterweight showdown on Feb. 21 from the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh.
The battle of the cowboys comes after Tim Means was forced out of the fight due to a drug test being flagged by the United States Anti-Doping Agency as a potential violation. While Means will be able to contest the results in an appeal process, the timing wouldn't allow them to remain in the fight with Cerrone in just two weeks' time.
Article continues below ...
Oliveira accepts the fight while riding a three-fight win streak inside the Octagon, including a submission win over former Elite XC champion KJ Noons as well as a knockout over Piotr Hallman in their outing.
The Brazilian "Cowboy" is currently 3-1 overall in the UFC as they take a decided step up in competition to face Cerrone in a main event from Pittsburgh.
The UFC Fight Night card from the Keystone State will air live on FS1 on Sunday night, Feb. 21.
Prisons around the country have been reviewed on everything from mediocre food to serious abuse on Yelp. The Los Angeles County Jail (not pictured above) has a two-star rating based on 20 Yelp reviews. One review by user Gigi D.,who has nine check-ins to the location reads: “Well all I can say is I would rather be on the outside of this place than the inside.”
Prisons Prisons around the country have been reviewed on everything from mediocre food to serious abuse on Yelp. The Los Angeles County Jail (not pictured above) has a two-star rating based on 20 Yelp reviews. One review by user Gigi D.,who has nine check-ins to the location reads: “Well all I can say is I would rather be on the outside of this place than the inside.” Rich Pedroncelli/AP
Yelp reviews are not just about restaurants and services anymore. Now bus lines, steps and even prisons are being reviewed on the popular Web site.
Yelp reviews are not just about restaurants and services anymore. Now bus lines, steps and even prisons are being reviewed on the popular Web site.
Yelp reviews are not just about restaurants and services anymore. Now bus lines, steps and even prisons are being reviewed on the popular Web site.
Lawyer Robert Miller has visited five prisons and 17 jails in their lifetime, but they have reviewed only three of them on Yelp. One they found “average,” with inexperienced and power-hungry officers. Another they faulted for its “kind of very firmly rude staff.” Their most recent review, a January critique of Theo Lacy jail in Orange County, Calif., lauds the cleanliness, urban setting and “very nice” deputies.
Miller gave it five out of five stars.
“I started reviewing because I needed something to kill time while I waited to see clients,” said Miller, who has worked as a private defense lawyer in Southern California for 18 years. “But I think the reviews are actually helpful for bail bondsmen, attorneys, family members — a lot of people, actually.”
As Miller acknowledges, it's not the kind of helpful testimonial commonly found on Yelp, the popular consumer reviews site many people turn to for recommendations on, say, bowling alleys and Chinese takeout. But as Yelp grows more popular — logging 36 million reviews as of last quarter — lawyers as well as prison inmates and their family members have turned to the site to report mediocre food and allegations of serious abuse. They join the enterprising reviewers who have used Yelp to critique traffic signals and public bathrooms.
Because Yelp does not break out statistics by business type, it's difficult to tell how many jails and prisons have been reviewed in the 19 countries covered by the site. (Yelp declined to comment for this article, aside from noting that users may review any business with a physical address, as long as the review follows site guidelines.) In the Washington region, six incarceration facilities have earned reviews, including two in 2013.
“Jail food may get a bad rap . . . but jail EMPLOYEE food is off the chain,” wrote one woman of a local jail cafeteria, where $1.50 apparently buys a plate of chicken, green beans, wheat bread, dessert and fresh, not instant, mashed potatoes.
“At no time did the officer violate any of my constitutional privileges and even gave me a juice box after I said I was thirsty,” reads another review, this one of the Arlington County Detention Facility. “Yes, you heard right, they have juice boxes! . . . So if you're going to get arrested, do it in Arlington County.”
Arlington County Sheriff Beth Arthur read that comment with more than a little confusion — the facility has neither juice boxes nor a range of other things “Windi L.” referred to in their review.
“I thought, ‘Wait a minute, I don't understand what she's talking about,' ” Arthur said. “I almost thought they meant the old facility, but this one has been here 20 years.”
Accuracy is, of course, a major concern with Yelp reviews of any type, and an especially big one when reviewers make serious complaints. In June 2012, a reviewer alleged that five guards at the Men's Central Jail in Los Angeles beat them for no reason and laughed about it afterward. Other reviews of the jail mention rat infestations, violence and racial tensions.
“Every allegation we get, we investigate,” said Stephen Whitmore, spokesperson for Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca. They note that the jail has also its share of four- and five-star reviews. “But this Yelp phenomenon I find curious,” Whitmore said. “Jail isn't a restaurant. It isn't seeing a movie. You're doing time for committing a crime.”
Bad reviews aren't unique to Los Angeles. In New York, one user wrote that officers pressure inmates going through drug withdrawal to lie about their symptoms, presumably so the jail doesn't have to provide treatment.
“Unlike those TV shows, it's really best to have as little interaction with the CO's as possible,” the review says, referring to corrections officers. “ 'Cos, if you DO [irritate them] . . . your paperwork CAN ‘disappear.' Seen it happen.”
Lawyers from California and Illinois have complained about security procedures that stop them from seeing clients. A woman in Austin alleged that workers in a local jail threatened them with bolt-cutters and tied them to a chair for hours without bathroom breaks. One reviewer claimed a Seattle jail did not return the money they had with them when they entered.
“This was the worst experience of my life and I am a combat veteran from Iraq,” wrote another Seattle reviewer. “I would rather re-live Basic and the evil Drill Sergeant's. I would rather be in the box.”
Although some look upon the reviews as weird novelties — “like Lonely Planet for career criminals,” one Buzzfeed post put it — they could reflect serious flaws in the U.S. prison system. Because of a 1996 law called the Prison Litigation Reform Act, inmates cannot sue over prison conditions until they have “exhausted” administrative procedures, and they can ask for only limited changes to prison policy. Just a few states, such as Texas and New York, have outside inspectors who watch for abuse within the system.
Mistreatment is rampant, said Jack Beck, who heads the prison inspection group for the legislatively sanctioned Correctional Association of New York. In particular, they said, their group has struggled to address conflicts between staff and inmates.
The Correctional Association inspects 60 prisons in New York and annually surveys about 55,000 inmates who remain anonymous. Based on that work, Beck said, the association has uncovered serious problems — such as mentally ill patients sent, inappropriately, to solitary confinement — and has advocated reforms.
But in most states that do not have outside oversight, inmates are essentially powerless to report abuse or seek redress. Their one outlet — internal prison grievance systems — rarely work, Beck said, and often invite retaliation from prison staff.
“We teach them, inside of prison, that the rule of law is not effective,” Beck said. “There is no redress. . . . Most people survive by keeping their heads down.”
That complaint is echoed by David Fathi, director of the National Prison Project of the American Civil Liberties Union, who said their group receives 300 to 400 written complaints each month about prison conditions. That number does not include the phone calls and e-mails the project receives or the complaints addressed to the ACLU's state branches. Almost none of those grievances make it to court. So Yelp reviews, Fathi said, could prove to be pretty powerful.
“Prisons and jails are closed institutions, and the lack of outside scrutiny and oversight sometimes facilitates mistreatment and abuse,” Fathi said. “So anything that increases public awareness of prison conditions is a positive thing.”
Not all of those reviews are accurate, of course, and many may come from pranksters who don't care about the travails of prison life. The reviews also won't necessarily prompt systemic change — it's not like a detention center relies on good Yelp reviews for business the way some restaurants and small businesses do.
But Miller, the California lawyer, said the reviews can help educate professionals who work with the prison system and inform the public about the conditions inmates face.
“It helps elevate consciousness of the problems and brings transparency and oversight to a system that isn't used to being transparent,” Miller said. “That's a very valuable tool.”
Editor's note: Read all Security Clearance's coverage of the 2012 NATO summit in Chicago. Follow our reporting and other key NATO tweets with our NATO summit Twitter list.
By Jamie Crawford
If Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-California, an influential member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, is looking for a country to visit as a member of a congressional delegation, they can cross Afghanistan off their list.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Rohrabacher have been at loggerheads over the member of congress's push for a more decentralized Afghan government. Asked by CNN's Wolf Blitzer about the disagreement, Karzai said they are against letting Rohrabacher into the country.
"Until they change their tongue, until they show respect to the Afghan people, to our way of life and to our constitution ... No foreigner has a place asking another people, another country to change their constitution. Have we ever asked the United States to change its constitution?" Karzai said in an exclusive interview that aired Monday on "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer."
Last month, Rohrabacher was asked by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton not to travel on to Afghanistan with a congressional delegation that they were part of as it visited the region, after Karzai said the member of congress was not welcome.
Both Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told Rohrabacher it was not a good idea to travel to Afghanistan based on their own conversations with Karzai. Rohrabacher agreed, and did not travel on with the delegation from its previous stop in Dubai.
As chairperson of the House Foreign Affairs Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee, Rohrabacher said their past scrutiny of the Afghan government and examination of how U.S. funds are spent in the war-torn nation likely played a role in Karzai's displeasure.
Coming on the heels of revelations of U.S. soldiers burning Qurans, and the alleged killing of Afghan civilians at the hands of a U.S. soldier, Clinton told Rohrabacher the timing of the visit was not right
"She felt that another mini-crisis might erupt," Rohrabacher told Blitzer last month, "because Karzai hated me so much that they would create a crisis, and they just thought it would be disruptive to our ability to get their job done."
Rohrabacher went on to call the mercurial Afghan leader a "corrupt prima donna" in the same interview.
In the interview that aired Monday, Karzai said they are firm on their position on Rohrabacher not because the member of congress is "dangerous," but as a "matter of principle."
"Freedom of speech is good, we respect that, but the freedom of speech with regard to other countries is another issue," Karzai told Blitzer.
Rohrabacher later released a statement through their office saying they would not "apologize to Karzai or any other corrupt leader.
"Afghanistan is failing because Karzai and their corrupt clique are incompetent leaders, not because the U.S. hasn't pumped enough money or blood to help the brave people of Afghanistan ... Right now, I'm more concerned with getting American troops out of that country so they won't continue to needlessly die than I am getting myself into Afghanistan to meet with officials like Karzai," Rohrabacher said in the statement.
Wellwellwell. Would you look who's back in the webs!?!? Surprise! That was a shocker! Didn't see that coming. At all.
Y'all happy now?!?!?
Just FYI…I'm probably gonna be spoilerific here, so if you haven't read Superior Spider-man 31, you probably should stop right here. Cause, I may also spoil that Darth Vader's Luke Skywalker's father in this article, too.
Whoops!
Anyway…unlike the rest of you, I'm sorta sad to see Ock go. The big oaf! Pretending to be a superhero, and all. As if! But…c'mon! It was fun! It was a fun ride. They did their best, the loveable ignoramus! What do you expect from a former evil super genius riding on a pledge to do good?
Now, all this isn't to say that I'm not happy to see Pete's back. I am. I am. But…man! Only if there was some way for Marvel to keep both Peter and Otto as Spider-Man. If only they have a multitude of universes to play in. Pete could be Spider-Man in one universe, and Otto could continue on trying to be a superior Spider-Man. Damn! That would be righteous! It's just a shame Marvel doesn't have a multi-verse like that.
Cause, look…like it or not, they only scratched the surface with Otto as Spidey. There were so many other people they needed to cheese off! They only started annoying the Avengers! Tell me the interaction between Otto and Thor wasn't funny. Tell me!
But, que sera sera [“What will be, will be”. You're welcome!]
To the issue (as it were) at hand…Superior Spider-Man 31 was a fine issue. A double issue of sorts, Pete was back as Spider-Man, doing what they do best…taking care of the Goblin (nation). Although, I think the most poignant moment really happened in issue 30.
Yea. That one. Still, 31 wasn't without it's charms. This interaction between Pete and Goblin? Made the entire issue.
You gotta love Pete's optimism. Their moxy. The cut of their jib. I do admit, what I missed most about Spider-Man the last year or so were their quips. Being quippy just wasn't Otto style. But, it still the best part of Spider-Man and a very important part of it.
I'm also not too crazy about the status between Pete and MJ. I know this has sorta been an ongoing thing, them not being together, but…personally? I think Pete and MJ are good together. I think Pete needs MJ. But, now? They're even further apart then they ever were before.
Way to ruin that, Otto!
All in all, issue 31 was a solid issue and a nice send-off to Otto and the Superior Spider-Man. I, for one, will miss you Otto Octavius. You made me laugh.
Viva Superior Spider-Man!
And don't forget to check out the new episode of the Almost Internet Famous Internet Show! It's a real hoot!
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is envisioning a future in which its agents would be able to use small handheld devices to collect fingerprints and photographs in the field and add them to a massive biometrics database.
If the Bureau gets its way, that future is not too far off — it has already taken major steps this year to make it a reality.
Most recently, the FBI is soliciting bids for the development of software that would enable agents to collect fingerprints and pictures of people they encounter. The prints and images could then be compared to the Bureau's massive biometrics database.
As the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) points out, the plans seem to expand the FBI's “RISC” program. RISC stands for Repository for Individuals of Special Concern. It allows field agents to compare the biometric information of suspects with the information on their database.
Ostensibly, this is part of the federal government's fight against terrorism. However, like so many tools initially intended for that purpose, it looks as though RISC is also being expanded — even though the FBI told Congress that it would not do so.
In its Congressional testimony, the Bureau said it would only use “criminal mug shots” to populate its database and not photos from Facebook, CCTV cameras, etc. However, EFF believes that the new software will be used more broadly based on the solicitation for bids. In it, the FBI says it wants the handheld device to be able to send fingerprints and facial photographs to the database and receive a response as to whether there is a match.
As EFF points out:
“Photographs taken in the field are clearly not ‘mug shot photos' because they're taken before booking and possibly even before arrest. And it's hard to see how a mobile tool that allows officers to collect these non-mug shot photos and ‘submit' them to a database is not also ‘populating the national repository.' ”
EFF is one of the groups that called on the Department of Justice last year to state how it will “collect, use and protect” facial recognition data, but there has been no response. The many privacy concerns with the FBI operating a massive database of photos of Americans are obvious and the Bureau's track record does not help assuage such concerns.
In a second major change, the FBI has consolidated civil and criminal fingerprints into a single database. With many employers demanding background checks, the fingerprints of many law-abiding Americans will soon be lumped into a database with those of criminals. Add to that the FBI's big facial recognition plans and we are not far away from a future in which the Bureau maintains extensive files on millions of Americans that include fingerprints and photos. These files could arguably also contain information on the movement of citizens — for example, on the types of rallies they attend or where they go to church.
The EFF states:
“This is not OK. The government should not collect information on Americans for a non-criminal purpose and then use that same information for criminal purposes — in effect submitting the data of Americans with no ties to the criminal justice system to thousands of criminal searches every day. This violates our democratic ideals and our societal belief that we should not treat people as criminals until they are proven guilty.”
As is the case with many anti-terrorism and crime-fighting tools, the FBI's recent efforts have the potential to do significantly more harm than good. Bottom line: it may be the Bureau's job to keep an eye on things — but it seems equally crucial to freedom and privacy that we keep an eye on the Bureau.
(For reasons to be wary of this latest development, you may wish to read some of WhoWhatWhy's earlier reporting on the Bureau's activities: here, here, here, here, here, here, here, and here.)
Related front page panorama photo credit: Biometric camera (The U.S. Army / Flickr), Portable biometrics equipment (FBI.GOV), Mobile fingerprint identification (NEC Corporation of America / Flickr)
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
An end to the Syrian war, but not to the crisis
Abdulrahman Al-Rashed
A peace agreement is on the cards that will halt the fighting, but it will not address the pernicious influence of Iran and the foreign militias who will control large parts of the country. Abdulrahman Al-Rashed
Disclaimer: Views expressed by writers in this section are their own and do not necessarily reflect Arab News' point-of-view
This could be the last chapter of the Syrian conflict as we have known it for the past six years, but the Syrian crisis has other chapters to follow. In order to end it, the American and Russian presidents discussed the issue in Vietnam and seemed to agree that the military solution had failed and that there should be a “peaceful solution.” The Russian and Turkish presidents had also met before, while Iran and Israel are getting ready for the next phase.The aim of the negotiations, led by the Russians and the UN envoy, is to end direct confrontations between different factions. The most dangerous part of it, based on the acknowledgment of the failure of the military solution, is that it accepts the temporary geographical distribution of Syria between different foreign forces, Russia, the US, Iran and Turkey, as per the status quo. The idea of temporary separation is to have these factions stop the fighting and later negotiate a final solution. However, the internationally acceptable positioning, albeit temporary, would mean regional conflict between Iraq, Israel and Turkey, all of which are getting ready for the “post-ceasefire” stage.Recently published satellite maps show that Iran is building a series of small military bases, extending from the southern suburbs of Damascus to the Golan, apart from the military compounds built by Lebanese Hezbollah in its positions in other areas inside Syria. All of these facts point to near-future arrangements that aim to impose facts on the ground regardless of the international agreement expected later on. The Iranian and other allied military presence, with all this quantity and depth, establishes a reality that cannot be disregarded as a danger to the region in general rather than to Israel, which has a huge destructive military power and an American ally it can rely on.Israel, like other countries in the region, underestimated the Iranian infiltration into Syria. It thought that the civil war served its interests — a sectarian swamp that would involve Hezbollah and Iranian forces against Daesh, and they all must have lost a significant number of their forces and fighters during the past three years.But even if the agreement between the main powers succeeds in putting an end to the fighting, we have to worry about the signs of a new phase of regional confrontations inside and outside Syria.Israel still considers Hezbollah a forward Iranian battalion in the context of the power play in the Middle East, which would be fueled by the anticipated ceasefire agreement that would acknowledge the Iranian presence in Syria. The Iranian Revolutionary Guards have been building for a long presence for its forces and militias of foreign fighters in the areas under its control, and which extend to about 50 km on the borders of Israel in the Golan.Satellite pictures show how the Revolutionary Guards built a series of military bases to be support and finance centers, and which would play the role of an Iranian highway that goes through Iraq into Lebanon. That is why the new Israeli threats are against Hezbollah in both Lebanon and Syria. The aim of these threats is to face the new realities. Moreover, previous Israeli wars against Hezbollah used to be based on the accumulation of weapons at Hezbollah's disposal as well as its deployment, and they used to happen once every 10 years.As for Syria, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warns against the new realities and believes that “when Daesh is banished from a place, Iran replaces it.” Of course, the reason is clear, which is that the Syrian regime does not have enough military capabilities due to its losses.Israel, Turkey and Iraq all have borders with Syria and are directly involved in the details of the solution and the forces from local and foreign militias that would control the lands. Jordan also faces the danger of the Iranian march toward its borders with the city of Daraa, had it not been for the American warnings.Iran, however, has no borders with Syria; nevertheless, it is the most extended and militarily active country. Had it not been for the Russian air cover, the Iranian militias would not have been able to advance; rather, they would have faced almost certain defeat.This is the reality, and I do not know how the agreement for ending the war in Syria would tackle it; an agreement that would finish the presence of terrorist groups such Daesh, Nusra and Ahrar Al-Sham, but fail to rid Syria from more dangerous regional militias.• Abdulrahman Al-Rashed is a veteran columnist.  They are the former general manager of Al Arabiya news channel, and former editor-in-chief of Asharq Al-Awsat, where this article is also published.Twitter: @aalrashed
Originally Posted by McKnightrider Originally Posted by
Include this one
why was suntouch given credit to the TP issue that's been brought up several times before here and on reddit? It just reinforces the fact that the only people HiRez listens to are pros. Hell I think that issue has even been commented in here. but nope, wasn't by a pro, that person was wrong. I reported Mail of renewal being broken for almost a year. Got responses on here even. Didn't get changed until a few more months. Made 5 bug topics, got told it was an issue. Was changed a few patches ago, it was bugged for almost a year. Maybe if I was in SPL it would of gotten changed the next day.
This just reinforces so many things wrong with communication. You have 1600+ post on here. Is anyone besides HiRezPonPon answering questions? No. You make one post on reddit, get it upvoted and the issue is resolved in a day. Make a post on here. Nothing. Never get a feedback on previous questions, never get an update. Never get anyone else making responses. Reddit gets all types of HiRez comments yet the official forums? I can honestly say I've never seen an executre producer, a designer, anyone aside from a community manager EVER post in the forums and certainly never in this thread. So what's the point of this thread? I'll just go make a reddit thread and get a response...or even better! I won't make a reddit thread. I will actually tell a pro what I think and have THEM make the post instead.
Feb 18, 2014; Blacksburg, VA, USA; Virginia Tech Hokies guard/forward Jarell Eddie (31) reacts after being called for a foul during the first half against the Virginia Cavaliers at Cassell Coliseum. Mandatory Credit: Peter Casey-USA TODAY Sports
Washington Wizards Find Gem In Jarell Eddie
When you think of teams that are terrific at finding gems late in the second round or in the NBA Developmental League, the Washington Wizards certainly don't come to mind.
The Wizards, particularly Ernie Grunfeld, have squandered chances to land big-time names in the NBA Draft and free agency. Instead, they've opted for obscure players that only die-hard fans are familiar with.
Recently, Grunfeld signed Jarell Eddie from the Austin Toros after Bradley Beal became sidelined for weeks with another stress reaction. Otto Porter and Gary Neal have also been in-and-out of the lineup with numerous ailments, leaving Randy Wittman with no options at the guard and forward positions.
Rookie Kelly Oubre and Garrett Temple have done a fantastic job at filling roles on both ends of the floor, but they can't play 48 minutes per game. Eddie, who was considered the best 3-point shooter not in the NBA prior to signing with the Wizards, was supposed to give Wittman a lift.
On Saturday night against the Brooklyn Nets, Eddie made their NBA regular season debut.
Eddie, who had a cup of coffee with the Atlanta Hawks, San Antonio Spurs and Golden State Warriors before landing in the nation's capital, was eventually going to make it back to the big leagues — it was merely a matter of time. When they got the chance on Saturday, they certainly made the most of it.
In under 15 minutes of action, Eddie drilled four three point shots and closed the game for Wittman's Wizards.
For someone who's never played a single second of regular season NBA ball, Eddie looked incredibly comfortable out on the floor. They moved extremely well without the ball and found open shots against Brooklyn's poor defense.
Washington has been playing unselfish ball and it's swinging around to everyone on the perimeter.
Eddie didn't force shots and looked for clean attempts.
They executed perfectly and showed everyone why they were considered a sharpshooter at the lower level.
The Wizards have now won four games in a row and have been tremendous offensively.
The ball movement has been magnificent.
Not only has John Wall been fantastic at distributing the ball, but the rest of the guards are moving it effortlessly and players are getting open looks.
Eddie benefited from the ball movement and knocked down a number of key threes to put Brooklyn away on Saturday.
There's no reason why Eddie can't become a regular in Washington's rotation.
While I wouldn't expect them to hit four 3-point shots per game, he's still effective from deep. They made over half of their three point shots in the D-League and the confidence has carried over. He's going to get open shots in Washington, it's just a matter of hitting them, which they obviously did on Saturday.
At 6'7″, Eddie is capable of playing both the shooting guard and small forward positions. Alan Anderson won't return for quite some time, so the playing time will be there. If Gary Neal or Temple are having an off night, Eddie is more than capable of stepping in and giving Wittman a spark.
Eddie could potentially become a Danny Green type of player for Wittman, but it's still too early to tell. At the very least, there's no reason why Eddie can't become an Anthony Morrow clone at the next level. He's competent defensively and he's deadly from deep.
We haven't seen this in a very, very long time, but the Washington Wizards might've found themselves an unexpected gem.
Welcome to Washington, Jarell Eddie. It's so nice to have you around. Now, just keep drilling them from deep.
Author and Page information This page: http://www.globalissues.org/issue/198/human-population.
To print all information (e.g. expanded side notes, shows alternative links), use the print version: http://www.globalissues.org/print/issue/198
"Go Forth And Multiply!" That's what the human population has successfully been doing for thousands and thousands of years, expanding, exploring, migrating, conquering, utilizing, evolving, civilizing, industrializing, and now, destroying the very land upon which we live.
Many feel (as has been the case throughout history) that the major international wars to be fought in the future will continue to be over natural resources. Power conflicts and self-interest will perhaps mean that there will be gross violation of basic rights and death or misery for millions of innocent people. Throughout history, most wars have had trade and resources at their core (leading to ideological battles) fueled by imperialistic motives. In the future, while this pattern is likely to continue, as resources get depleted and wasted in these wars (hot and cold), additional conflicts and contention will arise through access to even more limited resources.
Many of us have grown up learning and being told that 6 billion is too much and this "over population" is primarily impacting the planet's ability to cope. But is that really the case? Sure, the planet is facing incredible stress. But how much of that is due to large populations, and how much is based on other factors, such as how we choose to live, how we produce, consume and waste our resources? The poor are numerous, but as we shall see, consume far less resources of the planet, for example.
Studies point to ecological limits to sustain people, but these limits can be different, based on the way we consume resources etc so it is hard to say for sure what over population means let alone if we are at some threshold, below, or above it. The information understood so far provides valuable insights and is very important to consider, nonetheless. Yet, the figure of 6 billion and literature about over-population naturally looks to the poor regions where there are high populations and environmental degradation as the problem.
In the poverty section of this web site, we see numerous causes of poverty, and many are found in unfair economic and trade agreements from wealthier nations and institutions. While it might be an oversimplification to say the poor are victims, a lot of poverty, if not the majority is caused by factors which the poor themselves often have no control or choice over. Yet, at the same time the poor seem to get the blame for burdening the planet. Is this the case? While the concern for the environment and the planet's health is usually the central issue here, is there a risk of addressing the issue in ways that may not get to the root causes of any problems that are perceived to require serious attention? This section of the globalissues.org web site attempts to look at and introduce some of these issues.
7 articles on “Human Population”:
Populations: A Numbers Game Last updated Sunday, September 02, 2001. The human population of the planet is estimated to now have passed 6 billion people. But are large numbers themselves a problem? Europe for example, has higher population densities than Asia. There are more than two sides to the debate on whether population numbers equate to over-population or not. Read “Populations: A Numbers Game” to learn more.
Population and Feeding the World Last updated Monday, July 09, 2001. The food scarcity part of the argument in the population debate is an interesting one -- people are hungry not because the population is growing so fast that food is becoming scarce, but because people cannot afford it. Food may be scarce, but it is international trade, economic policies and the control of land that have lead to immense poverty and hunger and therefore less access to food, not food scarcity due to over population. Read “Population and Feeding the World” to learn more.
Stress on the environment, society and resources? Last updated Tuesday, September 18, 2001. Does population affect and put stress on the environment, society and resources? Existing consumption patterns as seen in Europe and North America can put strain on the environment and natural resources. But how much of the environmental degradation we see today is as a result of over-population and how much is due to over-exploitation due to consumerism and geopolitical interests? Especially when considering that "[g]lobally, the 20% of the world's people in the highest-income countries account for 86% of total private consumption expenditures - the poorest 20% a minuscule 1.3%", according to the United Nations Development Programme's 1998 Human Development Report. Read “Stress on the environment, society and resources?” to learn more.
Other Issues Affect and Get Affected by Population Last updated Saturday, May 05, 2001. How do human rights, conflict, trade/development patterns, and the environment come into all this? Poverty is the number one health problem, in developing and developed nations alike. Structural Adjustment policies, for example, from the IMF have not helped in many situations as social expenditure has had to be cut back. This has led to less investment in health, education and other basic services (things that have led to a better quality of life in Europe after the second world war). Coupled with corrupt rulers and dictators, often backed by the powerful nations, due to national geopolitical interests, a large number of people have suffered. Read “Other Issues Affect and Get Affected by Population” to learn more.
Effects of Over-Consumption and Increasing Populations Last updated Wednesday, September 26, 2001. The State of the World, 1999 Report from the Worldwatch Institute suggests that the global economy could be seriously affected by environmental problems, such as the lack of access to enough resources to meet growing population demands. Environmental degradation can contribute to social and political instability, which can lead to security issues. This has not currently been addressed by the foreign policy of many nations. Already around the world we are seeing an increase in violence and human rights abuses as disputes about territories, food and water are spilling into wars and internal conflicts. Read “Effects of Over-Consumption and Increasing Populations” to learn more.
Gender and Population Issues Last updated Wednesday, June 13, 2001. By ensuring women's rights can be upheld, and realizing that women play a crucial role in the development of society, many underlying issues which lead to conflict and problems can be tackled more effectively. Better care, education and rights for women mean that children should also benefit. This can eventually allow a society to enjoy more rights and the society can be enriched. Yet these very same provisions are being cut back, oftentimes as a result of harsh structural adjustment policies imposed by the IMF. Read “Gender and Population Issues” to learn more.
Share this Bookmark or share this with others using some popular social bookmarking web sites: Email
Email Facebook
Facebook Twitter
Twitter WhatsApp
WhatsApp Google+
Google+ Reddit
Reddit Digg
Digg del.icio.us
Link to this page from your site/blog Copy/paste the following HTML code to your page: <p>Anup Shah, <a href="http://www.globalissues.org/issue/198/human-population">Human Population</a>, <cite>Global Issues</cite>, Updated: June 13, 2002</p> … to produce this: Anup Shah, Human Population, Global Issues , Updated: June 13, 2002 Alternatively, copy/paste the following MLA citation format for this page: Shah, Anup. “Human Population.” Global Issues . 13 Jun. 2002. Web. 26 Feb. 2019. <http://www.globalissues.org/issue/198/human-population>.
Last fall, Dominic Bourret took to Twitter in hopes of changing the rules that were preventing them from opening Montreal's first arcade bar.
The plea was aimed at attracting the attention of social media savvy Mayor Denis Coderre, and they succeeded in getting a response. It set in motion the creation of Arcade MTL, which opened its doors with 15 classic arcade machines and a number of retro consoles at 2031 St-Denis St. on April 1.
And the municipal bylaw that said arcade machines and bars can't mix because any establishment permitted to sell alcoholic beverages needs to be at least 25 metres away from one designated as an amusement hall, meaning three machines or more? Turned out it was a misunderstanding.
“There was never a problem with the regulations,” Bourret explained. “To do what we wanted to do, all we needed was for our machines to be set to free play. We said that during our first meeting with the city, but they didn't listen to that little detail.”
After Bourret's frustrations over the rules went public, they and their business partners were approached by the owners of Exit Bar & Spectacles in Quartier Latin. The venue known for being rocker Éric Lapointe's show bar was looking to switch its format, and the video game arcade-meets-bar concept piqued their interest. One of the owners, Éric Le François, owns a number of bars around the city.
“Next time we had a meeting with the city, we went together as a group. We dug a little deeper and we discovered there was no problem if our machines stayed free,” Bourret said. Arcade MTL's ownership is split 50-50: Bourret and their two partners own half and tend to the gaming and promotional side of the business, while the two remaining Exit owners handle the bar aspect.
Although letters sent to both Coderre and city executive committee member Richard Bergeron received responses and help was offered, ultimately Coderre didn't need to step in on Arcade MTL's behalf. It might have taken longer to come to fruition, but Bourret isn't upset with the city over the circuitous process that nearly derailed their dream.
“After we were approved, my head was spinning,” they said. “We thought the bar wasn't going to happen, then suddenly it was ‘off we go.' It happened so quickly, and it was a bit nerve-racking because I'd never opened a bar before.”
Anne-Sophie Harrois, a spokesperson for the Ville Marie borough, said having an amusement hall within 25 metres of an establishment with an alcohol permit remains prohibited. “Because the (arcade machines) were eventually made available for free for customers, it didn't qualify as an amusement hall according to regulations,” they said, adding Arcade MTL can continue to do business as long as the games are free.
Open Tuesday through Sunday, Arcade MTL charges a $5 cover for entry, but once inside there's no need to pop quarters in the machines. The walls are lined with arcade cabinets from the '80s and '90s, such as Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter II, Tetris, Pac-Man and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and there's also a section of the room dedicated to old home consoles.
Bourret said last Saturday there was a queue to get in, they have received numerous requests about holding private parties, and Arcade MTL's Facebook page is close to reaching 10,000 likes. (The Quartier Latin neighbourhood has become a hub for gaming-centric establishments, with La Récréation and Randolph Pub Ludique catering to board game fans and Nexus SmartBar for eSports.)
“Today's games have lost a little bit of that social aspect because you play them online. We're trying to bring back the fun of sitting together on the couch and playing,” Bourret said. “Everyone can play Smash Bros. at home, but it's not the same as doing it with your friends over beers in a party atmosphere.”
Bourret is already thinking about the next step. They hope to expand in a year, but in the meantime, they and their partners are on the lookout to add to their arcade machine collection. They have their fingers crossed about closing a deal on a four-player NBA Jam machine. There's also a need for a good racing game.
“We look for ads on Kijiji,” they said. “We also have people who know about us and get in touch with offers.”
A commercial bear trophy hunter nominated for the Liberals in the riding of Mid Island-Pacific Rim is finding themselves in the cross-hairs of the B.C. environmental movement.
Darren DeLuca of Vancouver Island Guide Outfitters — a company that specializes in trophy hunts for wealthy foreigners — is running against NDP incumbent Scott Fraser.
DeLuca is a realtor and vice-president of the Guide Outfitters Association of B.C., an organization that last month received $60,000 from U.S.-based Safari Club International. The money was donated to help counter campaigns to end the widely unpopular grizzly trophy hunt.
DeLuca is a life member of Safari Club International, according to an auction website in which a trophy hunting trip with DeLuca and well-known U.S. military pilot Scott O'Grady sold for $30,000 US in 2014.
The B.C. Liberal Party is in favour of the grizzly trophy hunt, whereas the B.C. NDP has vowed to stop it.
The Guide Outfitters Association of B.C. made four separate contributions to the B.C. Liberal Party last year totalling $15,150.
There is no grizzly bear hunting on Vancouver Island, but Vancouver Island Guide Outfitters does sell trophy hunts of black bears, which is enough to put DeLuca on the radar of environmentalists.
“As a professional guide outfitter, Darren DeLuca has helped line the coffers of a U.S. political action group waging a global fight on behalf of trophy hunters,” Kai Nagata, spokesperson for the Victoria-based voter lobby group Dogwood, said Monday.
The Vancouver Island Guide Outfitters website states the island is “synonymous with giant coastal black bears” and that the company offers guided hunts across more than “4,000 square miles of the most diverse and spectacular regions …” The company boasts “exciting spot and stalk hunting adventures,” including by 4×4 trucks, boats, ATV's and hiking.
DeLuca has served for six years on the Port Alberni Port Authority, and is a member-at-large of the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District Highway 4 Transportation Committee.  They are a director of the Alberni Valley Bulldogs Junior A hockey team. They live in the Alberni Valley-Cherry Creek area, and is married with three daughters and four grandchildren.
DeLuca could not immediately be reached to comment Monday.
In 2015, an Insights West online poll found that 91 per cent of British Columbians oppose sport trophy hunting.
Among the groups fighting the hunt is Coastal First Nations, an alliance that includes the Wuikinuxv, Heiltsuk, Kitasoo/Xaixais, Nuxalk, Gitga'at, Metlakatla, Old Massett, Skidegate and Council of the Haida Nation.
lpynn@postmedia.com
Related
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
The Healthy Eating Plate, a visual guide that provides a blueprint for eating a healthy meal, was unveiled today by nutrition experts at Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH) in conjunction with colleagues at Harvard Health Publications. Similar to the U.S. government's MyPlate, the Healthy Eating Plate is simple and easy to understand — and it addresses important deficiencies in the MyPlate icon.
“Unfortunately, like the earlier U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) pyramids, MyPlate mixes science with the influence of powerful agricultural interests, which is not the recipe for healthy eating,” said Walter Willett, professor of epidemiology and nutrition and chair of the Department of Nutrition at HSPH. “The Healthy Eating Plate is based on the best available scientific evidence and provides consumers with the information they need to make choices that can profoundly affect our health and well-being.”
Comparing the Harvard Healthy Eating Plate with the USDA's MyPlate shows the shortcomings in the government's guide. MyPlate does not tell consumers that whole grains are better for health than refined grains; its protein section offers no indication that some high-protein foods — fish, poultry, beans, nuts — are healthier than red meats and processed meats; it is silent on beneficial fats; it does not distinguish between potatoes and other vegetables; it recommends dairy at every meal, even though there is little evidence that high dairy intake protects against osteoporosis but substantial evidence that high intake can be harmful; and it says nothing about sugary drinks. Finally, the Healthy Eating Plate reminds people to stay active, an important factor in weight control, while MyPlate does not mention the importance of activity.
The Healthy Eating Plate shows that a plant-based diet rich in vegetables, whole grains, healthy fats, and healthy proteins lowers the risk of weight gain and chronic disease. Helping Americans get the best possible nutrition advice is of critical importance as the U.S. and the world face a burgeoning obesity epidemic. Currently, two in three adults and one in three children are overweight or obese in the U.S.
“We want people to use this as a model for their own healthy plate or that of their children every time they sit down to a meal—either at home or at a restaurant,” said Eric Rimm, associate professor of epidemiology and nutrition at HSPH and a member of the 2010 U.S. Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee.
The sections of the Healthy Eating Plate include:
Vegetables: Eat an abundant variety, the more the better. Limited consumption of potatoes is recommended, however, as they are full of rapidly digested starch, which has the same roller-coaster effect on blood sugar as refined grains and sweets. In the short-term, these surges in blood sugar and insulin lead to hunger and overeating, and in the long term, to weight gain, type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and other chronic disorders.
Fruits: Choose a rainbow of fruits every day.
Whole grains: Choose whole grains, such as oatmeal, whole wheat bread, and brown rice. Refined grains, such as white bread and white rice, act like sugar in the body. Eating too many refined grains can raise the risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes.
Healthy proteins: Choose fish, poultry, beans, or nuts, which contain healthful nutrients. Limit red meat and avoid processed meats, because eating even small quantities of these on a regular basis raises the risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes, colon cancer, and weight gain.
Healthy oils: Use olive, canola, and other plant oils in cooking, on salads, and at the table, because these healthy fats reduce harmful cholesterol and are good for the heart. Limit butter and avoid trans fat.
Water: Drink water, tea, or coffee (with little or no sugar). Limit milk and dairy (1-2 servings per day), and juice (1 small glass a day), and avoid sugary drinks.
The sizes of the sections suggest approximate relative proportions of each of the food groups to include on a healthy plate. They are not based on specific calorie amounts, and they are not meant to prescribe a certain number of calories or servings per day, because these numbers vary from person to person. The aim of the Healthy Eating Plate is to illustrate one way to put together a healthy meal that fits within the guidelines of the Healthy Eating Pyramid, which was created by nutrition experts at HSPH in 2001 and updated in 2008. (Read about the Healthy Eating Pyramid on the HSPH Nutrition Source website.)
“One of the most important fields of medical science over the past 50 years is the research that shows just how powerfully our health is affected by what we eat. Knowing what foods to eat and in what proportions are crucial for health. The evidence-based Healthy Eating Plate shows this in a way that is very simple to understand,” said Anthony Komaroff, professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and editor-in-chief of Harvard Health Publications.
To download a pdf of the Healthy Eating Plate.
Japanese Superstitions
Like any other country, Japan has it's own unique set of beliefs, superstitions and unusual habits. Some concern themselves with numerology, some relate to death, and some simply defy any logical link to anything whatsoever. Below are some of the more common superstitions you may come across on your travels in Japan.
If you whistle in the night, you will be visited by a snake or ghost.
Your flu will be cured once you manage to contaminate somebody else.
If you hiccup 100 times consecutively,
you will die.
If you file your nails at night, you will not be able to see your parents before they die, or alternatively, you will die early.
When you see a funeral car, hide your thumb or a family member will die soon.
Girls who were born in the year of Hinoe-Uma, (according to the Chinese zodiac) will be evil.
Don't lay down right after you eat or you
will be turned into a cow.
When you urinate on a worm, your "parts" will become swollen.
Specific combinations of Japanese food will always make you sick. For example fresh-water eel and sour plum.
When you see a spider in the morning, it will bring good luck. On the other hand, it is bad luck to see a spider at night.
> Page 1-Page 2-Page 3 > Page 4
It was a balmy, bordering on uncomfortably hot day in Washington, D.C. on June 1, 2017.
The temperature in the capitol climbed to 85 degrees Fahrenheit, five degrees above the historical average, as a crowd of federal officials sweated in their suits to watch President Trump stand in the Rose Garden of the White House and issue a statement that would be considered Orwellian by climate scientists.
After stressing their unwavering commitment to the American people, the President announced, “Therefore, in order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord.”
The accord was a last-ditch effort by the international community to do something, anything really, to address climate change. As Trump's predecessor and personal nemesis President Obama put it last year when they were still in office, the agreement between 196 nations was essentially “the best possible shot to save the one planet we've got.”
In an interview with The New York Times, renowned political thinker Noam Chomsky offered their two cents on the two most pressing issues facing humanity today.
As we hit a point in human history when our global community's ability to work together seems strained, while developed nations experience a wave of authoritarianism not seen in over half a century, both climate change and nuclear proliferation threaten to end life on Earth as we know it.
Highlighting these two issues, Chomsky referenced President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Accords and a recent article in the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists as two vastly underappreciated canaries in the coal mine warning us of just how close we are to the brink.
As we continue to chronicle the sixth mass extinction event in the planet's history in real time, humans face a crucial point of reflection. The systems we have organized ourselves into over the course of the past several centuries have shaped our post-Westfalian political and economic landscape of nation states run on fossil fuels, and an international community undergirded by the constant threat of mutually assured nuclear destruction.
Ironically, the very innovations that have allowed our population to expand so rapidly now threaten to eliminate us entirely. Today we sit on the edge of extinction, while academics like Chomsky and Stephen Hawking issue grave warnings and advocate for humans to become a “multiplanetary species.”
Modern Homo sapiens have only existed for approximately 200,000 years, whereas the Earth is well over 4 billion years old. So far, we have been given no reason to believe our species will last longer than any of the others that have come and gone before us.
Any child with an elementary school education can recite the narrative of how dinosaurs once roamed the Earth, only to be wiped out when an asteroid struck the planet, altering the climate and destroying the resources dinosaurs needed to survive.
The circumstances we face today inevitably beg the question of whether our time in this universe is, in fact, nearing its inevitable end, or the intellectuals raising alarm bells are merely neo-Malthusians, preaching about a doomsday that remains perpetually on the horizon.
In this piece, the first of two parts, I will argue that the myriad existential threats faced by humanity today including climate change, nuclear proliferation, mass extinction, and the resulting stalled global productivity assault our species on too many fronts for us to possibly appreciate the scale of the threat we face or to take any significant steps to avert catastrophe.
I will lay out the dire circumstances in which we find ourselves, point to the interrelated nature of these threats, and lead to the conclusion that it is unlikely humans will undertake the exhaustive efforts necessary to ensure our species will survive for another 1,000 years on Earth.
'Frustrated' Michael Chiesa wants to compete, but can't. At least not yet.
Just a couple of weeks before the most important fight of their UFC career, Chiesa ruptured their L5 vertebrae on their spine and was forced to pull out of the fight. Chiesa was scheduled to headline UFC Fight Night 91 on July in an important lightweight bout against top contender Tony Ferguson. Since their injury, Chiesa has been quietly on the sidelines, watching the lightweight division change drastically while also getting called out to fight by a few of their fellow lightweights.
MMA Fighting recently caught up with 'Maverick' to talk about their injury, the state of the UFC's lightweight division, and more. Below is a transcript of the conversation:
Danny Segura: Michael, how's your back doing?
Michael Chiesa: It feels good but there are days, like today in specific it's just barking at me. I can do some rolling, some wrestling, some sparring, but when it gets to strength and conditioning and lifting weights and doing things that really put weight on my lower back, that's when I start having some problems, you know. It's one of those things. I'm 28, I still have time, but I'm not... I'm toiling with this spot where I just want to push through it and try to take a fight right now, but at the same time it's not fair to the fans for me to take a fight and pull out because I didn't give myself time to heal. I made the choice not to get surgery. I talked to a lot of people and I didn't get a lot of good feedback of the surgery. They said they go and clean up part of the disk that's hanging out, but you still don't feel that great. I'm getting better, I'm making progress, but I just need to make sure that I'm fully healed when I come back. I don't want to think I'm ready, book a fight, and then have to pull out. I want to be ready to come back, I want this to be put behind me.
DS: Do you have a time frame for your return?
MC: I don't really have a time frame. I had a time frame on when I could go back and work out, so I took eight weeks off and the UFC sent me down to Exos (physical therapy center for professional athletes) when the injury initially happened. I went down there got some good feedback and they said, 'You're definitely not ready, you're still limited to some things'. Like, I can't run on pavement, I can't... there are just a lot of weird things that I can do, and there are a lot of things you'd think I wouldn't be able to do, that I can do.
So I just have to keep doing what I'm doing, man. I'm going to start looking at other forms of therapy. I spoke to a chiropractor in Vietman when I was down there at a gym opening for the UFC, and they told me about a guy on Sandpoint, Idaho, which is an hour away from me, that has a certain method where they've had basketball players back on the courts and all sorts of athletes that had the same injury as me and in the same area. So I'm going to look in to that.
If I were a betting man, I'd say January, February maybe. I think that's a good time frame to make sure I'm ready, make sure I'm healed, and the state of the lightweight division, there are a lot of big fights coming up. There are a lot of match ups that need to happen and see how they shake out. You know, I still want that Ferguson fight, I mean, it haunts me to this date. I have mad respect for the dude, but I got so close to getting that big fight, and you know, I'm hoping I can get that fight. I think even if they beat dos Anjos I have a feeling that Khabib gets the next title shot granted that they beat Michael Johnson. I don't think Tony is going to sit around and wait, so hopefully them and I can do the dance before they make any immediate plans for their future.
DS: You think Ferguson won't get a title shot with a win over dos Anjos?
MC: Yeah, you see how this company works. You see what is happening right now. It's not always the best guy with the best win streak, you know. I think Khabib wins if they beat Michael Johnson. And if they do, that's a tough fight. If Tony beats dos Anjos and Nurmagomedov beats Johnson, I think that Tony is going to fight for it because they're going to do Khabib. Think about everything that goes with it, you know. Khabib has Russia ridding on their shoulders and he's said, and I think it's real, that if they don't give them the next title fight, that they can kiss Russia goodbye. I mean, if you look at the guy's social media following, it's insane. So we'll see, hopefully, if anything, they'll do what's right and have Tony and Khabib fight like they were supposed to. Maybe they'll do that, who knows.
DS: While you've been out, Conor McGregor has moved to the lightweight division to challenge for the belt. What are your thoughts on that?
MC: I think it's bullshit. I feel bad for the guys that have been leaped-frog by him. I do understand that there is an entertainment aspect to the sport and to this promotion, but I think you have to maintain the sport before you let a guy make moves like that. Do I like them being in my weight class? Yeah, because it's a big money fight and I match up really well against him. I mean, I'd be one body-lock away from subbing him. Other than that, it doesn't really... you know, I just feel bad for the Tony Fergusons, and the Nurmagomedovs, and these guys that have racked up these huge win streaks and they're getting leaped-frogged by a dude, who really, I mean, we'll find out if they have any business in our division on November 12, but until then, I don't think he's in the right spot. They need to go back and do what's right. He's got Max Holloway and Anthony Pettis in their own weight class to deal with. So I hope Eddie puts them back down to 145, but if not welcome to your new home, welcome to the deep waters.
DS: You've also been called out by Leonardo Santos and Edson Barboza during your absence. Do any of those fights interest you?
MC: Yes and no. Leo not so much. I mean, I know he's tough, I know he's like a four-time world champion in jiujitsu, I know they flying-armbared St-Pierre at ADCC, I know he's got great accolades, but I'm ranked No. 7 in the world right now. You [Santos] don't even have a number next to your name, so it's bad business. I know I'm saying that like I'm very snobby, but that's just kind of a fact. Like why would... I've worked really hard to get my spot. And you know, how this division is, anybody can beat anybody any given day, and I'll give them their respect. So when you make the top 10, the top eight it doesn't really matter who you want to fight, but you just have to fight the guys ranked ahead of you. I dont care who it is. If you're ranked higher than me, then that fight interests me. It has nothing to do with them [Santos] in specific because I match up great against him, but right now my focus is on Ferguson.
I want to see what happens with Ferguson and dos Anjos, I want to see what happens there. And let's not forget, I still need to figure out when I can come back and fight. I can't go out here and say what fight I'm interested in and really be out here talking sh*t if I cant even get in there and compete. I'm not that guy. When the day comes that I can come back and fight, which I hope that my timeline is right, I'm going to comeback and make statement. This momentum hasn't died with my injury, the momentum is still here. I'm still training what I can do, I'm still making improvements. My body needed a rest. That was my third camp in seven months and I'm not one of these guys that's on the juice. I'm a natural athlete. Three eight-week camps in seven months is pretty fucking grueling, so you know, we'll see what happens. I'm just trying to get healthy. That's my biggest opponent right now.
DS: Is it frustrating to be on the sidelines while the lightweight division changes so fast?
MC: It is frustrating. It's very frustrating because I want to compete. It's not about money, it's not about anything, it's about me wanting to compete. I love my job. I've gotten to this point in my career where I enjoy fighting so much, I enjoy everything about it, and I've hit this really good groove in my training and I think it has come with age. I've almost had nine years in the sport, I've been in the UFC for almost five years.
I'm in a good spot, it just sucks I can't compete. On the good side of it, there are a lot of changes happening. The sale, fighters are changing weight classes, all these different things, but I've gone up two spots in the rankings since I've been out. That doesn't mean I'm just going to sit around and be like, 'Oh, let's see how far up rankings I can get since I've been hurt'. Yeah, I've been super bummed and it sucks. I can't do the thing Iove the most, but I'm still making progress in my career technically, so no matter what it's frustrating. I want to fight, but as the changes are happening I'm still making progress, so by the time I come back, I'm No. 7, I'm still in a good spot, so let's rattle off a win or two and fight for the title in 2017. Is that too far out in the realm of possibilities? Could that really happen? Yeah, absolutely.
Ours is the Age of the Bum. Where the 18th century's Age of Reason was obsessed with the mind, today things are a little fleshier, a little wobblier. So swollen in cultural consciousness has the rump become, it and it alone is believed to be powerful enough to break the internet. We flatter it with songs as if it were a grumbling God we're desperate to please. Lots of songs: from My Humps to Anaconda, from Baby Got Back to Bootylicious and its tushy taunt “I don't think you're ready for this jelly”. So committed are we to glorifying the bottom, we increasingly undertake surgical procedures to inflate it beyond its natural size (so frequently in fact that 2015 was christened ‘The Year of the Rear' by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons). And now, we nominate exalted representations of buttocks for major art awards.
A photo taken this week of a young woman standing in a gallery in London's Tate Britain, contemplating the groaning, cleftal horizon of a huge, prised-apart posterior as if the secrets of the universe might whisper fragrantly from it, is merely the most recent example of our era's obsession. The cheeky work, Project for a Door, is a 5m-high (16ft) sculpture by the London-born artist Anthea Hamilton, who has been nominated for this year's Turner Prize, among the most prestigious (and controversial) awards for contemporary art. Hamilton's backside has a backstory: its design is based on the Italian architect Gaetano Pesce's never-realised vision for an entranceway to a New York apartment complex.
Ninety-nine years after the French Dadaist Marcel Duchamp scandalised the art world by proposing to install a urinal in a gallery, and nearly two decades since the British artist Tracey Emin outraged critics by exhibiting a rumpled bed in the very same competition as Hamilton, one might have thought modern sensibilities had become immune to shock. And perhaps they have. It might be that the buttocks alone are capable of such a backdraft of fascination, representing a unique and inexhaustible source of cultural regard.
The photo of an observer mesmerised by Hamilton's magnified maximus takes the history of human-gazing full circle. The earliest work of figurative art that survives, the so-called Venus of the Hohle Fels (discovered in Germany in 2008 and believed to be up to 40,000 years old), reveals just how hard-wired we are, as a species, to embellish the proportions of the bottom. Forged in ivory from mammoth tusk, the teensy statuette is a rugged clump of morbidly bulging breasts and bloated buttocks – exaggerations scholars speculate may relate to its function as a fertility totem. Since then, the derrière has proved a touchstone of visual genius for every image-maker from Hieronymus Bosch (who inscribed one with musical notes) to Salvador Dalí (who tugged William Tell's into a grotesque tuber) and from Jean-Léon Gérôme (who imagined one magically melting from stony sculpture into peachy flesh) to Kim Kardashian's cyberspace-destroying selfies. The bottom line? When it comes to art from prehistory to the present, “we don't want none”, as Nicky Minaj insists, “unless it got buns, hun”.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
How muck from the mouth of the Don River becomes new land for the Leslie Street Spit
How muck from the mouth of the Don River becomes new land for the Leslie Street Spit
Every spring and fall, PortsToronto scoops thousands of tons of mud and silt out of the Keating Channel, the manmade waterway at the mouth of the Don River. The dredging reduces the risk of dangerous flooding, but it also serves another purpose: once the muck is extracted, workers haul it across the inner harbour and carefully deposit it in specially reserved “cells” on the north side of the Leslie Street Spit, where it will eventually make new land, enlarging the existing wildlife preserve.
Here's a look at how PortsToronto keeps the Don River flowing.
The dredging is done with a 60-year-old, crane-like piece of equipment called the Derrick 50 (pictured above), which is equipped with a claw that can hold up to 2.6 cubic metres of material. During fall, the Derrick works five days a week. It's towed into place using a barge and then anchored with metal supports.
The goal of the dredging is to remove mud and other debris that washes down the Don River. Without the periodic purge, the Keating Channel would eventually become blocked, which would pose a flood hazard.
The material scooped up from the bottom of the Keating Channel, most of it mud, is deposited into a barge with four compartments. In total, the barge can hold about 300 tons of muck, which is roughly equivalent to 200 scoops from the Derrick 50. Five full barges a day are ferried to a lagoon on the north side of the Leslie Street Spit.
PortsToronto dredges the Keating Channel to an approximate depth of 5.8 metres, which is more than two metres shallower than the rest of the harbour. “Here, there's no commercial boat traffic, so we can go to whatever is needed for the health of the river,” says Angus Armstrong, PortsToronto's harbour master.
Operating the Derrick 50 is a technical challenge. Everything from the raising and lowering of the bucket to the swing of the crane is controlled by clutches, levers, and cables. The noise from the Caterpillar engine inside the control box is deafening as dredge operator Don Murphy lifts the bucket from the water and drops another load in the barge. “It's just mud, sediment. Some trees sometimes,” they say. “I wasn't operating at the time, but a couple of years ago we got a Porsche. It was in two pieces.”
Once the barge is full, a crew from Toronto Dry Dock, a marine company contracted by PortsToronto, takes over the operation. The M. R. Kane, a tugboat, pushes the 300-ton barge under the Cherry Street lift bridge and out into the open harbour. All the while, operator Douglas Hopp tracks the vessel's location and speed while keeping detailed navigational notes in a logbook.
The crossing of the Toronto Harbour is smooth on this particular day, but, when the weather is bad, piloting the barge can be a challenge. “There are times we can't go across,” says Hopp. “Even if the barge is empty it gets thrown around very badly.” Recreational vessels pose another hazard. “For the most part people stay out of our way, but occasionally you have to blow the horn at them.”
Hopp guides the barge to a precise location marked on their GPS and paper maps before dropping their muddy cargo into the lake. All drops are carefully logged and planned in advance. In 60 years, the lagoon will be filled to a depth of 10 feet, and eventually it will cap with a layer of clay and shale, creating new land that will be turned into a wildlife habitat by the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority. Another lagoon to the east was completely filled with dredged material in 1997 and is currently under TRCA management.
The Leslie Street Spit is still a work in progress. During the week, dump trucks from construction sites across the Toronto region continue to deposit clean fill on the city side of the human-made landform, adding to its bulk. Combined with PortsToronto's filling of the lagoons, the manmade landscape of the spit is continually in flux.
Maria Elena Salinas, an anchor for Spanish language network Univision, gave the commencement address and received an honorary doctorate from California State University in Fullerton this past Sunday.
At one point, Ms. Salinas began addressing the graduates in Spanish. They had been encouraged to do so by the all-knowing university leadership in an effort to pander to the university's 40% Latino student body. But the graduates, according to the OC Weekly, were in no mood for a bi-lingual lesson on their special day.
The Univision broadcaster began specifically congratulating Latino journalism graduates for what seemed like a large chunk of their speech. They then began speaking in Spanish … This left non-journalism grads and non-Latinos/non-Spanish speakers feeling excluded. Parents in the audience and even students in the ceremony began demanding Salinas switch to a more inclusive tone by shouting phrases such as, “What about us?!”
That's right. In an attempt at inclusion, Salinas excluded the majority of graduates who don't speak Spanish. And, of course, the students of Latino descent wouldn't have been excluded by hearing the entire speech in English in the first place. After all, they just graduated from an English-language college.
But then, it got worse for Salinas. They decided to encourage the journalism graduates to use their new degrees to enter the work force and attack Donald Trump:
Tensions worsened as Salinas began offering advice to journalism students to use the tools of media to rebut political figures such as Donald Trump. That's when folks began yelling things to Salinas such as, “Get off the stage!” and “Trash!”
The Washington Post reviewed a video of the speech and describes the portion when things got rough for Ms. Salinas:
Salinas said: “… they blame us so much for so many things, that now they're even blaming us, the media, for creating Donald Trump. Imagine that.” Yells can be heard from the crowd. “Isn't that terrible? But we didn't, right? Who did it?” they asked rhetorically. “I don't know. Who did it? But they're to blame.” More yelling can be heard. “If you allow me to say a few words in Spanish,” they said, and someone called out, “No!” When they spoke in Spanish, wishing students well on their “future in this country,” their words were followed by cheers and applause. They expressed pride in their accomplishment, then switched back to English and said it's wonderful to speak two languages, to more cheering. Then they asked if they would allow them to do something important. Someone yelled, “No!” and another voice yelled, “Get off the stage!”
Here's the video:
The seemingly clueless Salinas went on to tell the Post that they suspected if they had given the speech two years ago, maybe it wouldn't have been so raucous. They continued to blame Trump for the incident at the commencement as well as continued criticism on Twitter.
“It's really sad that people can turn such a special moment into a racial war,” they told the Post. “Because it seems like that is what has happened. I don't think I insulted anyone by saying a few words in Spanish to the parents. The whole speech was directed to everyone. … I think the message is, we have to cool down the intolerance right now, we really do. This is ugly, what's happening in the country.”
Follow the logic, that only a journalist can truly understand, apparently.
Salinas chooses to use a commencement speech to divide their audience along cultural and political lines. They insult the English speaking audience by purposely delivering comments in a language that they could not understand. They encourage them to chuck out any journalistic ethics they may have learned at college by encouraging the new graduates to “use the tools of media to rebut political figures such as Donald Trump.”
And when the graduates use their voices and their 1st amendment rights to communicate their opposing opinion to their rude and radical message, they blame Donald Trump.
Happy graduation day, Cal State Titans.
